CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

In the financial year 2015-2016 ("FY2016"), global markets were mainly slow-growing. One exception was the US market which remained mostly stable. Volatilities in foreign exchange made the business environment more complex and unpredictable. The Group maintained its strategy to actively invest into strengthening the Group's brands and to expand their sales networks, especially in the emerging markets in Asia, in order to seek growth in the challenging business environment. Investments into new technology and new product development also continued.

Results and Dividend
Revenue for FY2016 increased by 6.6% to S$1,038 million. Profit before finance costs, exceptional items and share of results of associates decreased by 14.3% to S$42.7 million. In the financial quarter from January to March 2016, the Group registered an exchange loss of S$6.6 million, mainly due to the appreciation of the Singapore dollar against the US dollar. As a result, the Group reported an exchange gain of S$4.2 million for FY2016, compared to an exchange gain of S$9.9 million last year. Pre-tax profit contributed by associates in aggregate increased by 41.7% from S$19.2 million last year to S$27.1 million. Profit before taxation decreased by 13.2% to S$57.0 million. Total profit after taxation attributable to equity holders was S$22.8 million, a 10.3% drop from S$25.5 million last year. The Board has recommended a final dividend of 1.6 Singapore cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of 1.6 Singapore cents, the total dividend per share for FY2016 was 3.2 Singapore cents, compared to the total dividend of 3.4 Singapore cents last year.

Business Highlights
Electronics and acoustics Revenue from this business segment increased by 6.4%. Sales of electronics products increased by 4.8% while sales of acoustics products increased by 11.7%. Sales in the Asian and the US markets grew steadily but sales in Europe suffered from the weak local market demand. The Group continued to invest into building the KEF brand and its sales networks. "MUO", the new KEF portable Bluetooth loudspeaker launched during the year, received very positive reception from the market. Portable wireless loudspeakers will continue to be a growth driver for KEF's business. The Group's professional audio business continued to achieve solid performance despite the challenging market. Softening raw material prices and the weaker Renminbi alleviated the effects of rapidly increasing labour costs in China. Automotive wire harness The automotive wire harness business recorded a revenue grow th of 12.9 % . A s the demand for automotive camera harnesses in the US was levelling off, the management stepped up its efforts in improving sales in China. In FY2016, sales in China grew by 38.9%.

12

GP Industries Limited Annual Report 2015-2016

Huizhou GP Wiring Technologies Ltd. ("GPWT") has been investing on smart automation and component localization to improve competitiveness, reduce leadtime and further enhance the quality of products to meet the zero defect requirement from customers. The electric vehicle industry offers promising growth opportunities for the wire harness business. GPWT is supplying lighting harnesses for ultimate use by a leading US electric vehicle manufacturer and the business is expected to continue to grow. The mid-term strategy for the wire harness business is to gradually become a Tier 1 parts supplier while expanding the higher valueadded product business in the Tier 2 market. GP Batteries Revenue for the year increased by 6.4% to S$765 million. Gross profit margin improved by 0.1% to 23.2%. Profit after income tax declined from S$25.2 million to S$15.7 million this year. Earnings per share were 1.49 Singapore cents compared to 7.88 Singapore cents last year. Market slowdown and volatile foreign currenc y exchange rates have negatively af fec ted sales . The emergence of more energy efficient hardware contributed to curtail consumption growth and keen price competition has added challenges to the business. However, lower raw material prices and progress made in automation of production helped to control costs and improve productivity. GP Batteries has restructured its production facilities in Taiwan and China to increase productivity and efficiency. A new battery factory is under construction in Vietnam and the existing factory in Malaysia is being expanded. Meanwhile, GP Batteries will continue to expand its global distribution network including online platforms to reach out for business growth. Other industrial investments In this segment, the business of Meiloon Industrial Co., Ltd. turned around and returned to profit. Linkz Industries Limited, however, faced severe competition and reported a lower profit for the financial year. Excluding exceptional items, this business segment reported a 59.6% increase in profit contribution.

markets, could add more uncertainties to the Group's performance. Although raw material prices have become more stable, the rising production costs in China could still put some pressure on the Group's profit margin. For the battery business, GP Batteries is restructuring its production and further automating its production facilities to improve ef ficienc y and enhance competitiveness. In the longer term, rechargeable batteries will drive the growth of the battery business and GP Batteries will further invest into developing technologies and new products for its rechargeable batteries business. The policy of combining smaller plants into bigger and more efficient plants will continue. KEF's portable wireless loudspeakers opened new market opportunities and the Group will develop new products to strengthen its business in this segment in addition to the premium loudspeaker business. Celestion will continue to focus its research and development efforts on high performance professional loudspeaker drivers to seek grow th in the high performance professional speaker market. The Group will continue to build and promote its brands. Technology and innovation will continue to be the key growth drivers for the Group's business, as, in the current business environment, growth will likely come from increasing market share and new applications.

Vote of thanks
On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend my appreciation to our employees for their diligence and my fellow directors and management team for their devotion and dedication during the year. I also thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers and partners for their continuous support.

Outlook
T h e g l o b a l e c o n o my a n d c o n su m e r d e ma n d is expected to remain slow-growing. Volatile foreign currency exchange rates, especially in new emerging Victor LO Chung Wing Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 17 June 2016

GP Industries Limited Annual Report 2015-2016

13

