S$6.9 million including an exceptional profit of S$4.3 million from the disposal of Jinting.

Total loss after taxation attributable to  equity holders of GP Industries amounted to S$9.7 million, compared to a profit of S$16.4 million last year. Basic loss per share for the financial year, after including earnings from discontinued operations, was 1.93 Singapore cents, compared to an earnings per share of 3.22 Singapore cents for last year.
 





The global market remained stable in the financial year 2013-2014. The Group's performance was impacted during  the  financial  year  by  the   write-offs   made by its subsidiaries; nevertheless, its core business remained healthy.  With  appropriate  adjustments made to rationalize the business structure, the  Group is expected to return to the path of growth and profit.

Results and Dividend
Revenue for the financial year declined by 2%. Gross profit increased by 4% and  profit  before  finance costs, exceptional items and share of results of associates increased by 7% to S$39.5 million . Net cash generated from operating activities also increased by approximately 5% to S$55.3 million.

The result of the Group has been affected by the impairments and provisions made by the subsidiaries. GP Batteries registered a net exceptional loss of S$55.2 million, mainly due to impairment losses for restructuring the rechargeable lithium  battery  factory in Taiwan and termination of  the Vectrix  project,  out of which approximately S$26.4 million was attributable to the Group. The Group's other investments reported an exceptional loss of S$16.1 million owing to the winding-down of the CIH group. The electronics and acoustics business also incurred a restructuring cost of S$1.2 million for a factory in China.

Loss after  taxation  from  continuing  operations  for the financial year was S$38.2 million, compared to a profit of S$7.5 million last year. Loss after taxation from continuing operations attributable to equity  holders was S$16.6 million, compared to a profit of S$6.4 million last year.

Profit after taxation attributable to discontinued operations under Shanghai Jinting Automobile  Harness  Limited, a previously 50%-owned joint venture, amounted to
 

The Board has recommended a final dividend of 1.6 Singapore cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of 1.6 Singapore cents, the total dividend for the full year was 3.2 Singapore cents per share, compared to the total dividend of 4.5 Singapore cents for last year.

Business Highlights

Electronics and acoustics
This business segment's performance remained steady. Revenue from the electronics and acoustics business decreased by 1% over last year. Sales of electronics products decreased by 2% due to weak demand in Europe. Sales of acoustics products to the Americas increased by 5% while sales to Asia and Europe declined by 4% and 2% respectively . Celestion's professional products continued to perform well. KEF launched several products in the year to expand its share in the new media market.

Component associates recorded a significant increase in profit contribution, while the component subsidiary factory reported an exceptional loss of S$1.2 million due to severance pay incurred and fixed assets written­ off for restructuring.

Automotive wire harness
For the year under review, the wholly-owned harness factory in Huizhou, China continued to report strong growth in both revenue and net profit due to successful development in new automotive camera harness for export and business expansion in China's domestic market. While the company has become  an  active Tier 2 harness suppliers in China, it has embarked on programs to penetrate into Tier 1 business covering automotive camera assembly, and engine and full body harness. For the coming few years, the company is studying plans to develop satellite factories in strategic locations in China to serve the local  requirements while operating the existing plant in Huizhou as the centre of excellence.
 

10	GP Industries Limited Annual Report 2013-2014
I
 
GP Batteries
The core battery business of GP Batteries has been reasonably stable during the year. With the termination of the Vectrix project, GP Batteries  will  re-focus  on the core battery businesses and will de-emphasize investment into vehicle businesses.

The revenue for the financial year was S$695 million, 4% lower than the revenue reported last year.  Sales  of rechargeable batteries declined by 12% while sales of primary batteries increased by 2%. With improved factory productivity, gross profit margin improved from 20.9% to 22.5%.
During the year, GP Batteries reported total exceptional loss of S$55.2 million, which included, inter alia, (i) a provision for impairment of about S$17.6 million on fixed assets and goodwill in respect ofthe rechargeable lithium battery plant in Taiwan due to GP Batteries' plan to reduce  capacity  in  Taiwan;  (ii)  a  provision for compensation of Euro  2.9  million  (S$5.0  million) to an affected customer regarding an  unfinished project caused by the winding-down of Vectrix  group of companies' operations; and (iii) impairment  of S$26.3 million on its investment in and receivables from the Vectrix group of companies .

Before the impairment losses and provisions, GP Batteries made a profit before tax of about S$20 million. After the impairment losses and provisions, GP Batteries reported a loss after taxation attributable to its equity holders of S$52.0 million for the year, compared to S$16.2 million last year.

GP Batteries generated an operating cash surplus of S$54.5 million, compared to S$26.6 million last year. As at 31 March 2014, the gearing ratio stood at a record low of 23% with net bank borrowings significantly reduced to S$57.9 million from S$125.8 million as at  31 March 2013.

Other investments
The business segment contributed S$11.5 million profit before exceptional items, compared to S$7.1 million last year. Contribution from Meiloon Industrial Co., Ltd. increased primarily  due  to  share  of   a  property   disposal   gain of  approximately  S$10.4  million.  Profit  contribution from Linkz Industries Limited decreased slightly. The segment reported a total exceptional loss of S$16.1 million compared to S$7.9 million last year.
 
Outlook
Despite the reported loss, the Group's financial position remains healthy with net bank borrowings reduced significantly  from  S$178.7  million  to S$91.7 million. The improved balance sheet will provide an opportunity for the Group to expand and possibly make new investment.
While some of the Group's electronics and acoustics business in Europe may continue to be affected by the weak consumer demand, the business in the US, China and some Asian markets is expected to remain  stable.

Automotive wire harness business will continue its gro wth.

The overall battery  market  is  stable  but  as  the nickel metal hydride battery market is not growing, competition for this market segment  will  intensify. With the cessation of the Vectrix project, GP Batteries will focus on the core battery business and is on the way to return to profit and growth. Sales momentum carried forward from the last quarter of the financial year ended 31 March 2014 is expected to continue in the financial year 2014-2015.

The Group will continue to invest in product innovation and further develop its brands and global distribution network. It is also expanding the production capacity for its electronics and acoustics business as well as some product categories of the battery business . In addition, it will continue to automate its factories to improve productivity.

Vote of Thanks
I would like to express my gratitude to fellow directors for their commitment, and our employees for their dedication and hard work during the year. I would also like to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers and bankers for their long and continuous support.

Special thanks are extended to Mr Phua Bah Lee who retired as an Independent Non-executive Director  on 31 July 2013 after serving the Board for almost 18 years.






Victor LO Chung Wing
Chairman

17 June 2014






GP Industries Limited  Annual  Report 2013 - 2014	11
I
