CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

Consumer demand in most markets remained soft throughout financial year 2016-2017 ("FY2017") and excess production capacity led to intense competition. During the year, customer demand was affected by the weak Euro and British Pound. Nevertheless, the Group's businesses remained stable and total revenue reported in FY2017 maintained about the same level as last year. Revenue increase in some of the Group's businesses was offset by revenue decline in other businesses. GP Batteries carried on with its strategy of streamlining its manufacturing plants whereby closure costs were incurred. However, with the increased competitiveness resulted from the restructuring, sales are expected to come in and grow business in the near future.

Results and Dividend
Revenue for FY2017 was S$1,037.6 million, compared to the S$1,038.3 million reported for the financial year ended 31 March 2016 ("FY2016"). During FY2017, the Group continued its strategy to invest in its brands and to strengthen its global distribution network, thereby incurring increased distribution costs. Profit before taxation decreased by 2.9% to S$55.3 million when compared to the S$57.0 million reported for FY2016. Profit after taxation attributable to equity holders decreased by 18.3% to S$18.7 million, when compared to the S$22.8 million reported for FY2016. The Board has recommended a final dividend of 1.50 Singapore cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of 1.25 Singapore cents, the total dividend per share for FY2017 was 2.75 Singapore cents, compared to the total dividend of 3.20 Singapore cents last year.

Business Highlights
Electronics and acoustics KEF, the Group's brand in the premium consumer audio business, continued its strategy to build its brand equity and its global distribution network. The main focus is to grow the new media product category which is the fastest growing segment in the market, while committed to maintaining its leading position in the premium loudspeaker category. In FY2017, very positive market response was received for the collaborative new media products of KEF with Porsche Design, an internationally renowned premium brand. This collaboration is one of KEF's initiatives to open up new market opportunities to reach new customer segments. Celestion, the Group's brand in the professional speaker driver business, continued to expand into the high-performance

12

GP INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2016 ­ 2017

installed speaker market while strengthening its leadership in the premium guitar speaker driver and portable public address speaker driver market. In FY2017, its new range of high-performance coaxial drivers opened up business opportunities and contributed the revenue growth in FY2017. The electronic contract manufacturing business under GP Electronics ("GPE") maintained its strategy of being a highquality, cost-effective designer manufacturer of professional audio products. In FY2017, GPE continued to invest into product development, customer service improvements and factory automation to enhance its competitiveness in the market. Despite intense competition from excess production capacity in the market, this business returned to growth in FY2017. In FY2017, the Group disposed of its small plastic component manufacturing factory in this business. Despite some revenue loss resulted from this disposal, the electronics and acoustics business reported a 1.2% revenue growth in FY2017 when compared to last financial year. Automotive wire harness The automotive wire harness business continued to expand from its tier-2 automotive component supplier business to the tier-1 market for direct supply to automotive manufacturers. It succeeded in penetrating deeper into the China domestic market and strived a more balanced sales ratio between the China and the overseas markets. Product range was diversified from camera harnesses and lighting harnesses to door latch harnesses and air-conditioning harnesses to tap new China domestic and overseas markets. In FY2017, revenue from the automotive wire harness business increased by 3.5% when compared to the revenue reported for the previous financial year. As this business is expected to grow steadily, the Group has a plan to build a new factory to cater for additional production capacity needed for future development. GP Batteries Sales remained flat for FY2017 as GP Batteries started to restructure and streamline its manufacturing facilities. The small plant in Taiwan was consolidated with the more sizable Lithium factory in Shenzhen, China. The button cell factory in Shanghai, China was merged with the factory in Ningbo, which is gradually being developed into an important manufacturing hub for GP Batteries. Closure costs were incurred but the improved competitiveness resulted from economies of scale will help to grow the business faster. In FY2017, GP Batteries expanded its production capacity in Asia. The factory in Malaysia started a new extension plant in February 2017. A new factory in Vietnam was commissioned in March 2017. The added production capacity from these two factories is expected to bring revenue growth in the new financial year. While GP Batteries' primary battery business registered a small growth, the rechargeable batteries business reported a revenue decline due mainly to the expiry of a sizeable customer contract with the Taiwan factory.

Profit contribution from GP Batteries' associates increased by 39.5% in FY2017 due to improved performance of AZ Limited, an associate in Russia, and T.G. Battery Co (Hong Kong) Limited, a 50%-owned joint venture with Toshiba Battery Co., Limited which manufactures cylindrical Carbon Zinc batteries. For FY2017, GP Batteries reported a 45.5% increase in profit after taxation attributable to its equity holders of S$3.5 million when compared to FY2016. Other Industrial investments This business segment includes the Group's investments in Meiloon Industrial Co., Ltd. ("Meiloon") and Linkz Industries Limited ("Linkz"). In FY2017, Meiloon continued its strategy as a leading OEM manufacturer of high-end audio and speaker systems. Linkz continued its business as a high-quality designer manufacturer of electronic and network cables. In FY2017, both Meiloon and Linkz contributed more profit before taxation. Profit contribution from this business segment increased by 37.4% during FY2017 when compared to FY2016.

Outlook
Market demand seems to be stabilizing in Europe and Asia while the US market showed some signs of improvement. However, slow-growing global customer demand and intense competition are expected to persist. Market for the battery business is expected to remain challenging but with the additional production capacity from the new factories, GP Batteries will be able to capture more business opportunities for additional revenue. It will continue to consolidate small factories with the larger ones to benefit from economies of scale and to improve its competitiveness. E-commerce will continue to be one of the Group's main focuses. The Group will increase its investment in web marketing and web technology for both online and offline sales. The Group will continue to invest in technology, new product development and factory automation. It will also continue to build its brands and distribution networks in key global markets.

Vote of thanks
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our employees for their hard work and my fellow directors and management team for their commitment during the year. I also thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers and partners for their continuous support.

Victor LO Chung Wing Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 19 June 2017

GP INDUSTRIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2016 ­ 2017

13

