CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT
 






Victor LO Chair man


 
The global economy in the financial year 2012-2013 was weak. The soft markets in Europe and the US, combining with increasing labour cost in China and appreciating Renminbi, was the challenging backdrop for GP Industries' businesses. By focusing on our strategy to invest into the development of our brands, global distribution network, technology and product innovation, the Group maintained a steady growth.

Results and Dividend
Revenue  of  GP  Industries'  continuing   operations for 2012-2013 increased  by  4% to  S$244  million over the previous financial year. Gross profit margin also increased.

Profit after taxation from continuing operations but before exceptional items for the financial year was S$14.8 million, compared to S$8.8 million last year.

Profit after taxation attributable to discontinuing operations from Shanghai Jinting Automobile Harness Limited ("Jinting") for the financial year was S$10.0 million, compared to S$12.0 million last year.

Total profit attributable to equity holders of GP Industries for the financial year increased to S$16.4 million, compared to S$5.3 million last year. Basic earnings  per  share  from  continuing  operations were
1.26 Singapore  cents, compared to  a  loss per  share of
1.32 Singapore cents for last year. Basic earnings per share were 3.22 Singapore cents, compared to 1.03 Singapore cents for last year.

The Board has recommended a final dividend of 1.5 Singapore cents and a special dividend of 1.5 Singapore cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of
1.5 Singapore cents, the total dividend for the full year amounted to 4.5 Singapore cents per share, compared to the total dividend of 2.5 Singapore cents for the financial year 2011-2012.
 
Business Highlights
Electronics and acoustics
Revenue from the electronics business increased by 7% over last year. The revenue growth was mainly due to increased sales of professional electronic product s. Revenue from the acoustics business decreased by 4%. Comparing with last year, sales of acoustics products to Asia increased by 10%, sales to America held steady and sales to the European markets  decreased  by 17%. The decrease in sales in Europe was due to the weak consumer demand, restructuring of the business focusing on more profitable market segments and the depreciation of Euro against Singapore dollar.

Increased sales, new product introductions, process re-engineering and more stable material costs contributed to improvement in profitability of the electronics and acoustics business. Share of profit from associated companies in the components business also increased. Total profit contribution from the electronics and acoustics business for the financial year increased by 67% when compared to last year.
Automotive wire harness
During the year, the Group entered into a conditional equity transfer agreement to divest its entire 50% interest in Jinting . The amounts receivable in connection with the disposal were settled by  June 2013 and the Group received an aggregate amount of RMB302 million (equivalent to approximately S$61.5 million), after paying the relevant taxes in China.

While revenue from the export oriented automotive wire harness business classified under continuing operations, grew strongly, revenue from the discontinuing operations attributable to Jinting decreased by 19% in Renminbi terms with  profit after taxation decreased by S$2.0 million. Hence, the combined profit contribution from the automotive wire harness business decreased by 14%.
 

10	GP Industries Limited Annual Report 2012 - 2013
 













 

Other investments
Linkz Industries Limited contributed more  pre-tax profit. Meiloon Industrial Co., Ltd . recorded a pre-tax profit, compared to a pre-tax loss last year. As a result, profit contribution before exceptional items improved from S$0.2 million last year to S$7.1 million this year.

GP Batteries
The revenue of GP Batteries was S$721 million, a decrease of 7% when compared to last year. Loss after taxation attributable to equity holders of GP Batteries was S$16.2 million, compared to a profit of S$6.5 million last year. During the financial year, GP Batteries also recorded more  impairment  charges  amounting to S$18.4 million in total, compared to S$13.5 million last year.

Outlook
The global economic situation is expected to remain tough . Some economists forecasted that the economy in Europe will remain sluggish and this could weaken some of our businesses in the region. The US market is starting to stabilize while the China market  is slowing down.

The Group will continue to invest in product innovation and global distribution to grow the electronics and acoustics business. We are also expanding and continuing to automate our production facilities to improve the competitiveness of our electronics and acoustics business against rising costs.
 

Following the completion of the Jinting disposal, an exceptional gain will be recorded in the first quarter ending 30 June 2013 and the cash received will further strengthen our financial position. However, profit contribution from the automotive wire harness business segment will be expected to decrease significantly. We will continue to reduce bank borrowing and maintain a healthy cash flow. The improved balance sheet will well equip the Group to tap on  appropriate  opportunities for growth and acquisition.

Vote of Thanks
Last but not the least, I would like to thank our directors for their commitment, and our employees  for  their hard work during the year. I would also like to  thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers and bankers for their continuous support.








Victor LO Chung Wing Chairman

18 June 2013
 
GP Batteries reported a loss during the financial year but the core business continued to perform and generated reasonable return. GP Batteries' management is working on restructuring and consolidating its loss­ making businesses to improve performance.




GP Industries Limited Annual Report 2012 - 2013 11
