4
to our shareholders
 Jerry W. Nix - Vice Chairman Thomas C. Gallagher - Chairman, President and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer
2008 proved to be an interesting, as well as challenging year for Genuine Parts Company. After reporting steady and consistent results through the first three quarters of the year, we experienced a weakening
in demand across all of our business segments during the final quarter, reflecting the effects of reduced consumer spending, declining industrial production and higher unemployment.
Despite these challenges, we are pleased to report that total Company sales reached $11.0 billion in 2008, an increase of 2% compared to 2007 and this represents another record level of revenues for us.
Net earnings for the year were $475 million, which is a 6% decrease compared to 2007 and earnings per share were $2.92 compared to $2.98, a decrease of 2%. We are disappointed that earnings did not improve over the prior year, with all of the shortfall coming in the final quarter.
financial strength We were pleased to maintain a strong balance sheet and your Company remains in excellent financial condition. We gener- ated solid cash flows again in 2008, with cash from operations totaling $530 million and, after deducting dividends paid of $252 million and capital expen- ditures of $105 million, free cash flow was approximately $173 million. At December 31, 2008, our total debt was $500 million, which was unchanged fromtheprioryear,andrepresentsamodest17.7%oftotalcapitalization.
A $250 million portion of total debt expired in November 2008 and we were able to extend this debt another five years at a more favorable interest rate.
During the year, we repurchased 6.8 million shares of our Company stock. We continue to view this as a good use of our cash and, at the November 2008 Board Meeting, our Directors authorized an additional 15 million shares for repurchase. As of December 31, 2008, we were authorized
to repurchase up to 18.5 million shares. We expect to continue making opportunistic share repurchases during 2009.
dividends The Company has paid a cash dividend to shareholders every year since going public in 1948 and on January 21, 2009 the Board of Directors raised the cash dividend payable April 1, 2009 to an annual rate of $1.60 per share. This represents a 3% increase and 2009 will mark our 53rd consecutive year of increased dividends paid to our shareholders.
operations For2008,theCompany’sstrongestsalesimprovements came from our two business segments serving the manufacturing sector of the economy. Motion Industries, our industrial distribution company, reported
a 5% increase and this follows an 8% increase in 2007 and three consecutive years of 11% growth. Over the five-year period dating back to 2004, this business benefited from the ongoing strength of the industrial markets that we serve. We did, however, begin to see industrial demand soften during
the latter part of 2008, as evidenced by a declining trend in the key Indus- trial Production and Manufacturer Capacity Utilization indices. EIS, our Electrical/Electronic segment, reported a 7% increase in 2008, following a 7% increase in 2007. Similar to our industrial segment, EIS has produced solid results for the past five years, but they too saw a moderation in demand over the final quarter of the year.

 The Automotive Parts Group, our largest segment, reported a slight sales increase in 2008, following a 2% increase in 2007. During the first quarter of 2008, we sold our Johnson Industries business, which had a negative impact on reported sales for the year. Exclusive of that, our Automotive operations were up 2% in 2008. Several factors, including higher fuel costs resulting in reduced miles driven and lower consumer spending on vehicle maintenance and repairs, contributed to lower demand across the automotive aftermarket throughout the year, but particularly in the fourth quarter.
S.P. Richards, our Office Products Group, reported a 2% decrease in sales
for the year. This follows a 1% sales decrease in 2007 and is indicative of the continued industry-wide slowdown in office products consumption. The on- going reduction in white-collar employment, which accelerated in the fourth quarter, will cause further moderation in demand for several more quarters, and our near term strategies are focused on capturing additional marketshare.
GPC directors Two of our long-serving Directors, Lawrence G. Steiner and Richard W. Courts, II, will retire from our Board of Directors, effective April 2009. Mr. Steiner is the retired Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ameripride Services Inc. and has served on our Board since 1972. Mr. Courts is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Atlantic Investment Company and has served as a Director of the Company since 1998. Larry and Richard have helped us immensely as GPC Directors and we want to thank them for their wisdom and counsel over the years. Their presence on our Board will be missed, but we will always be mindful and grateful for their time with us.
management InSeptember2008,RichardT.ToppinjoinedS.P. Richards as Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing. Rick has an impressive background in sales and marketing and has held a variety of executive roles in the print and office supplies industries, both in the U.S. and Canada. In his new position at S.P. Richards, Rick will be responsible for sales, marketing and the Canadian operations. Rick provides additional depth and strength to our Office Products Group management team and we look forward to his many future contributions.
conclusion As mentioned earlier, the fourth quarter of 2008 proved to be the most challenging quarter of the year for each of our business segments. The negative GDP growth and further slowdown in the overall economy during the quarter resulted in demand moderation across all four of our businesses and we anticipate these market conditions to continue for several more quarters. As a result, each of our GPC Management Teams is taking the necessary actions to adjust the cost side of our business, while at the same time, continuing to pursue all revenue opportunities.
Due to all of the current economic uncertainties, our outlook for the near term is a bit more cautious than it might be in more normal times. However, we continue to be quite optimistic about the longer-term prospects for GPC and for each of our businesses. We believe the underlying fundamentals and demographics in all four business segments remain long term positive and each industry should return to historical growth levels as we work our way through the current economic downturn. Additionally, our Balance Sheet is strong and our Cash Flow remains sound.
Despite the current challenges, our Management Team is energized by the opportunities that lie ahead and you can read about a number of their initiatives in the pages that follow.
In closing, we want to express our appreciation to our employees, customers, vendors and shareholders for your commitment to and ongoing support of Genuine Parts Company.
Respectfully submitted,
Thomas C. Gallagher Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
February 27, 2009
Jerry W. Nix
Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer
   dividends per share in dollars
1.18
99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08
1.56
    1.14 1.10
1.16
1.46 1.35
1.25
1.20
   1.04
   5
