To Our Stockholders

I am pleased to welcome you as stockholders of Group 1, and honored to report to you this first time as a public company. An exciting opportunity led to the founding of Group 1­the accelerating consolidation of the largest retail segment in the United States­automotive retailing. It is a $600 billion industry populated by over 22,000 dealerships representing 49,000 franchises. Add in parts, service and financing, and industry revenues more than double. The founding dealers of Group 1 watched the early consolidation efforts by public companies with interest, and some anxiety. Together, they had over 100 years of experience as dealership owners and operators, and recognized 2 that the changes sweeping the industry were inevitable. Many times a perceived threat can become an opportunity. And there was an opportunity to consolidate in a better way. Our Foundation The founding dealers recognized that their strength was significant automotive retailing experience and national recognition as leaders in the industry. What they needed was a management team with public company experience as well as consolidation expertise in a fragmented industry. The founding dealers and I joined together to create an organization that other dealers will choose to join. The dealership and local market knowledge that the founders bring to the table is invaluable. Keeping them intimately involved in the organization over the long run is essential to Group 1's success. So the founders received most of the consideration for their dealerships in stock, agreeing not to sell shares for at least two years. This not only aligns their interests with investors, but also sets the example for future acquisition candidates.

Our next step was to begin to build the management team, and we started with a strong foundation. John T. Turner and Scott L. Thompson are our first senior vice presidents, and both bring extensive expertise to their positions. Mr. Turner leads our acquisition effort, and his many years of experience in fragmented industries make him ideal for this job. Mr. Thompson, our chief financial officer, not only has a considerable financial and public company background, but his experience also includes automobile dealerships. We then wanted to add strong independent directors to our board and I was delighted when John H. Duncan and Bennett E. Bidwell joined us. Mr. Duncan was the cofounder and President of Gulf & Western Industries, now Viacom Inc. If you are familiar with the auto industry, Mr. Bidwell needs no introduction. He is the former Chairman of Chrysler Motors Corporation, spent 27 years with Ford Motor Company and was President and Chief Operating Officer of The Hertz Corporation. Our Philosophy The background that this team brings to Group 1 embodies our company philosophy. We have assembled a management team that combines extensive automotive retailing experience with equally significant public company acumen. This unique blend of skills ensures that the public-company side of Group 1 is run centrally by people with Wall Street experience, while our dealerships are decentralized, and led by nationally recognized owners and operators. In short, each of us does what we have proven to do best. We expect to grow our business aggressively, but with discipline, through our two-tiered acquisition strategy. First, we seek "platform" acquisitions. These are large, profitable, well-managed "megadealers" that give us entry into attractive new markets. We look for exceptional entrepreneurial managers that plan to stay involved in their dealerships. We believe that automotive retailing is

Group 1 Automotive ­1997 Annual Report

driven by local market conditions, and that the dealers closest to the customer understand their markets best. Next are the "tuck-ins," smaller dealerships that improve brand diversity and facilitate operating efficiencies within existing platform operations. 1997ReportCard Group 1 delivered what was promised for 1997. The initial public offering of 5.5 million shares was completed in November. Our financial performance for the year was solid, with strong gains reported in revenues, net income and earnings per share for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 1997. For the year, revenue grew 10% to over $900 million. Margin improvements pushed net income and earnings per share up 21% to $11.4 million, or $0.76 per share on a diluted basis, compared with $9.4 million, or $0.63 per share on a diluted basis last year. For the fourth quarter, revenues increased 8% to $213 million from $198 million a year ago, as a result of gains in new and used vehicles sales. Net income accelerated, reaching $2.3 million, or $0.15 per share on a diluted basis, compared with $1.1 million, or $0.07 per share on a diluted basis last year. We are quickly identifying cost savings and beginning to realize operating leverage from our combined dealership operations. For example, savings on risk management for property, casualty and liability insurance alone are in the range of 25% annually. And at year end we entered into a $125 million Credit Agreement that will provide attractively priced funds for future acquisitions, inventory financing, capital expenditures and other corporate purposes. We introduced stock options for key managers and a stock purchase plan to give all employees incentive to make Group 1 a success.

In December, we announced our first acquisitions­19 dealership franchises, including two platform groups, the Carroll Automotive Group and the Maxwell Automotive Group. They improve brand diversity, establish platforms in Atlanta, Fort Lauderdale and Miami, and bring Group 1's annual revenue run rate to over $1.3 billion. I am pleased that the platform owners, Jim Carroll and Nyle Maxwell, have chosen Group 1, and we welcome them to the team. 3 The Year Ahead 1998 will be our first full year of operations, and we are excited about what lies ahead. There are numerous acquisition opportunities; however, we will not focus on revenues at the expense of operating margins and earnings per share. We will continue to be very selective and consider only quality, accretive acquisitions. We are committed to expense control and will continue to identify and minimize inefficiencies and leverage our economies of scale. The challenge is not just to consolidate, but to consolidate while delivering shareholder value. I look forward to reporting to you our progress toward these goals over the course of the year. Thank you for your support.

B. B. Hollingsworth, Jr. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Group 1 Automotive, Inc.

