L E T T E R TO OU R SH A R E HOL DE R S
Dear Shareholders:

"2001 was another record-breaking year for your Company."

There can be no question that 2001 was a year of unprecedented challenges. We extend our thoughts and prayers to all who were personally affected by the events of September 11th. This tragedy coupled with a softening economy created a difficult environment for companies across many different sectors. Our 38.0 percent growth in earnings per share in 2001 has captured the attention of the financial markets. Once again, we achieved double-digit earnings per share growth and beat the investment community's earnings expectations every quarter this year. With financial markets that could be categorized as anything but favorable, Group 1 successfully completed an offering of 3.3 million shares of common stock in October 2001 and raised $100 million. Our enhanced capital position ensures that Group 1 has the resources available to pursue significant acquisition opportunities in the trillion-dollar automotive retailing business. We are also pleased that our stronger balance sheet generated a rating upgrade for our public debt by Standard & Poor's in a year that saw rating downgrades exceed rating upgrades by over six to one. In times of economic weakness, the automotive manufacturers and suppliers are often negatively impacted. However, our unique position in the automotive industry value chain as a specialty retailer and service company has driven our record operating results. At the onset of 2001, few investment analysts gave the auto or auto-related industries much of a chance for strong growth. We are happy to have delivered to you, our shareholders, 17 straight quarters of double-digit, year-over-year earnings per share growth. The achievement of your Company's financial goals and strategic objectives is once again evidence of the strength and flexibility of our business model as we create the future in automotive retailing.
16%

Gross Margin Breakdown
55%

2001 Report Card

8%

11%

10%

2001 was another record-breaking year for your Company. Revenues rose across all categories, increasing by 11.0 percent to over $3.9 billion. 2
New New with Vehicles Finance & Insurance Retail Used with Used Finance & Vehicles Insurance Parts & Service

Brand Diversity
New Vehicle Unit Sales as % of Total Sales
28% 25% 29% 26%

Manufacturers Group 1

13%

15%

13%

11% 6%

10% 7% 7% 4% 6%

GM

Ford

Daimler Chrysler

Other

Toyota Lexus

Honda Acura

Nissan

The Company earned $2.59 per share, a 38.0 percent gain over 2000. Our position as a leading specialty retailer combined with our strong brands allowed us to once again outperform industry averages. Our diversified revenue mix has positively impacted gross margin, which improved to 15.2 percent from 14.7 percent as reported last year. Approximately 40.0 percent of our revenues and 85.0 percent of profits came from sales other than new vehicles. Contributions by used vehicles; parts and service; and finance, insurance and vehicle service contracts were impressive and are typically less cyclical in nature than new vehicle sales. While striving toward our goal of a 4.0 percent operating margin, initiatives in vehicle sales, cost control and asset management held our operating margin stable at 3.3 percent in the less robust 2001 economy. Focused asset management has contributed to our operating success. We are turning our new and used vehicle inventory faster than the average dealerships in the country. With only a 30-day supply, the inventory turnover for used vehicles is particularly significant given their rapid rate of depreciation. These faster inventory turns have led to a superior return on invested capital when compared with the rest of the industry.
Business Model for a Tough Environment

"The entrepreneurial spirit exhibited by our platform presidents and associates is paramount to this success."

Our strategy is highlighted by its emphasis on interrelated revenue streams, the advantages offered by decentralized operations and the diversity in geographic reach and brands marketed. Today, Group 1 operates in eight states -- Texas, Oklahoma, Florida, Georgia, New Mexico, Colorado, Louisiana and Massachusetts. Our operations encompass 96 franchises comprised of 28 brands. While manufacturers fight for market share as they deal with the industry's manufacturing overcapacity, we continue to see vast opportunities as a specialty retailer to profitably expand our market share. We extended our reach in 2001 with tuck-in acquisitions resulting in four additional franchises: Smicklas Chevrolet in Oklahoma City, Casa Mitsubishi in New Mexico and Wade Lincoln/Mercury in Atlanta. We also were granted a new Dodge franchise in the Dallas market area by DaimlerChrysler. This new store opened in January 2002 and is contiguous with our Rockwall Ford dealership. 3

Geographic Diversity
New Vehicle Unit Sales
Houston/Beaumont 20% 11% Austin 9% West Texas Dallas 6% Atlanta 7% Denver 2% Albuquerque 3% Florida 10% 14% Oklahoma 11% New England 7% New Orleans

We have maintained our decentralized approach to managing our dealer network and believe this greatly contributes to the progress of our organization. The entrepreneurial spirit exhibited by our platform presidents and associates is paramount to this success. With centralized administrative and control systems, our platform presidents can focus on what they do best -- retailing vehicles, parts and service, and expanding their presence in their local market. Group 1's continued focus on the diversification of our revenue streams and variable cost structure has made it possible for us to achieve robust earnings per share growth. We realize company-wide cost advantages in centralized finance and risk management, and platform-wide cost advantages in advertising and purchasing. For example, we believe that our multi-franchised platforms achieve savings of 40.0 percent in advertising when compared with stand-alone dealerships. Additionally, our platforms provide us with a strong foundation for our Internet initiatives. We increasingly use the Internet to provide special offers to consumers and expand our geographic reach beyond our traditional market areas. We provide customers information on our inventory and model specifications, and interface with them regarding service appointments and reminders. These types of synergies combined with our operating managers' expertise in their local markets, are at the center of our strategy to build value for our shareholders.
Creating the Future in Automotive Retailing

So how do we top 2001? The answer is simple -- by sticking with our strategies, which have produced such gratifying results. As 2002 begins, we find ourselves in an enviable position. Low interest rates combined with manufacturers' incentives and rebates, and shorter, more innovative product cycles, continue to drive traffic into our dealerships and boost vehicle sales. If new vehicle sales slow down, used vehicles; recurring parts and service; and finance, insurance and vehicle service contract opportunities should continue to drive higher profits for your Company. The enhanced financial resources resulting from the successful October 2001 offering of common stock will allow for significant growth by the Company. We will continue to seek strategic tuck-in acquisitions in the markets we currently serve, and will renew our focus on acquiring platform operations in new geographic areas. 4

We expect our acquisition pace to accelerate in 2002 with a goal of adding platform and tuck-in operations with aggregate revenues of at least $500 million, compared with the $135 million of revenues acquired in 2001. In addition to enhancing operating leverage to our centralized functions, these potential acquisitions will augment our brand portfolio mix and provide access to new markets. We will continue to exercise great discipline by seeking only accretive acquisitions with attractive returns on investment. We will not focus on revenues at the expense of earnings per share or shareholder value. Given current economic activity, there will be opportunities where the right parameters are present and we will make prudent acquisitions to accelerate your Company's growth.
Special Appreciation

We would like to take this opportunity to say thank you to a respected member of the Group 1 team. Co-founder Charles M. Smith, Senior Vice President and member of the Board of Directors of Group 1, has elected to retire and has resigned as an officer and director. He will continue as a consultant to the Company. We all owe Charles a debt of gratitude because without his vision, Group 1 would probably not be the company it is today. Please join me in thanking Charles for all he has contributed and in wishing him all the best. We also welcomed two new members elected by you to our Board of Directors. Max P. Watson, Jr., former President and Chief Executive Officer of BMC Software, Inc., and Kevin H. Whalen, a Group 1 co-founder and President of the Sterling McCall Automotive Group in Houston, were elected at our Shareholders Meeting held May 23, 2001. We would also like to thank our 6,000 co-workers for their dedication and support and our 28 manufacturer-partners for their outstanding contributions. It is because of their collective effort that we were able to achieve such outstanding results in 2001 and our future success will be a result of their efforts. Finally, we would like to thank you, our shareholders, for your unwavering support. Your dedication, especially during the trying months at the end of 2001, has been invaluable to us. We look forward to driving forward with you to continue creating the future in automotive retailing.

B.B. Hollingsworth, Jr. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Group 1 Automotive, Inc. March 20, 2002

5

