Dear Stockholders:


 3
2

" Our new operating structure will provide impetus to our cost reduction efforts, while also maintaining key decision making close to the marketplace."

Group 1 Automotive, Inc. 2005 AR

I'm delighted to be writing my first letter to you as president and chief executive officer of Group 1 Automotive. I joined Group 1 in April 2005 because I was convinced that the company had the right people and the right dealerships to capitalize on the tremendous opportunities presented by the $1 trillion automotive retailing industry. After a year of visiting our dealerships and meeting our people, I know that my initial assessment was correct. Your management team has begun developing a long-term strategy to take full advantage

of our scale to deliver consistent growth and results for stockholders. I will outline those steps in this letter. But first, a quick recap of our 2005 results. We reported income before cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle of $70.3 million, or $2.90 per diluted share, on record revenues of $6.0 billion. Our top-selling brands were Toyota, Ford and Nissan. We acquired seven franchises with $118.4 million in estimated annual revenues. Notable among our acquisitions was BMW of Stratham in New Hampshire in May, which we expect to generate $53.0 million in annual revenues. Your company is at a critical transitional point. In the eight years since our inception as a public company, Group 1 has grown from 29 franchises and $902.3 million in annual revenues to 139 franchises and $6.0 billion in annual revenues. We must begin to reap the full benefits of our scale and fully leverage the talent of our people. We have initiated a series of strategic initiatives that will allow us to do just that. The first initiative is the consolidation of our 13 platforms into five geographic regions, each led by a regional vice president who reports to me. These five industry veterans have more than 150 years of combined automotive retailing experience. This streamlined structure, which became effective Jan. 1, is the key first step in allowing us to standardize processes and realize synergies afforded by our size, while keeping operational decision making close to the market. Another initiative is the implementation of a standard chart of accounts, which will enable us to bring more efficiency to our accounting processes. This is another important step in standardizing processes across the regions and will also make integrating future acquisitions much easier.



Earl J. Hesterberg President and Chief Executive Officer

Stockholder Letter

Acquisitions remain an important component of your company's growth strategy. We intend to quicken the pace this year, targeting acquisitions of at least $300 million in annual revenues for 2006. In December, we completed a new five-year, $950 million revolving credit facility -- 25 percent of which is available for working capital, including acquisitions -- which will give us long-term access to reasonably priced capital to help accomplish our goals. Our acquisitions will continue to focus on import and luxury brands and seek to grow our footprint in attractive markets outside of our concentration in Texas and Oklahoma. A good example of this strategy is the January 2006 acquisition of Lexus and Toyota/Scion franchises in Manchester, N.H., that are expected to generate $127.1 million in annual revenues. In addition to acquiring top franchises in attractive markets, we will also continue to dispose of underperforming operations. Growth through acquisition is just one part of our strategy. We're equally committed to same-store growth primarily through initiatives that focus on our higher-margin parts and service and used vehicle businesses. Expansion of our parts and service business is well under way; in 2005, we added service bays in our Honda, BMW, Infiniti and Toyota franchises. Additionally, one major Mercedes-Benz service expansion is under way and another is in the planning stages. We will continue to invest a good portion of our capital expenditures into growing this high-margin business. Better use of technology is an important component of our plan to grow our same-store used vehicle business. For example, late last year we began a roll-out of American Auto Exchange, Inc.'s pre-owned inventory management software in all of our dealerships to improve used vehicle operations. This state-of-the-art software provides daily used vehicle inventory monitoring, provides inventory stocking guides based on local market

demand and enables our dealerships to see and sell from the inventory of other dealerships in their geographic region. The results we've seen so far have been impressive. The automotive retailing business is, above all, about people and relationships. Group 1's outstanding employees give us a distinct competitive advantage in this people-centric business. In the last half of 2005, our employees faced enormous challenges in the wake of three hurricanes. One only has to look at our company's response to these disasters to realize that, from senior management to sales associates to service technicians, Group 1 Automotive employees are able to rise to any challenge. A brief summary of our team's outstanding response can be found on page 4 of this annual report. On the subject of outstanding people, I am pleased that John Rickel joined Group 1 as chief financial officer in December. With extensive corporate finance experience, as well as experience with automotive dealerships, he is a perfect fit for Group 1. Although we are in the early stages of implementing our strategic initiatives, they are already beginning to show results with increased profits and decreased selling, general and administrative expenses. Additionally, our used vehicle business is beginning to show the rewards of the inventory control processes we have put into place. I fully expect that in next year's annual report, I will be able to report continued progress. We are confident that through the operating and acquisition initiatives outlined above, we can achieve earnings-per-share growth of at least 15 percent over the next three to five years. We will continue to look for additional ways to reward our stockholders, as evidenced by our 2006 first-quarter announcements of the initiation of a quarterly dividend and a $42 million share repurchase program. Thank you for your support. I look forward to updating you on our progress. Sincerely,

Earl J. Hesterberg President and Chief Executive Officer Group 1 Automotive, Inc.

