  Dear Shareholders,
In 1969, a brand was born that changed the retail landscape. The Gap, founded by Doris and Don Fisher, filled a hole in the market. It was modern. It was clean. And it was revolutionary.
Over the 40 years since then, we’ve grown to include five brands with more than 3,100 stores around the world. We’ve experienced both breakthrough successes and challenging times, such as today’s uncertain economic environment.
The 134,000 people who make up Gap Inc. are inspired by our past and passionate about winning. We were determined to make this past year a turning point.
Few companies matched our 2008 financial accomplishments as our earnings improved by 16 percent year-over-year. And as a result of our financial discipline, we reduced operating expenses by about $500 million and ended the year virtually debt-free with nearly $2 billion in cash.
But beyond these results, our company stands for creativity and ingenuity. In the pages of this report, we celebrate this four- decade legacy.
Our focus going forward is to make more progress, especially in delivering innovative products, so that we continue to get back to where we belong in the hearts and minds of our customers.
As we know, it all started with the Gap.

  Gap
Clean. Classic. American design. These words described Gap four decades ago and still hold true today.
At our best, we inspire customers with individual style and make classics relevant for today through our use of bold color, emotional details and great fits.
With a clear brand vision and effortlessly cool product, Gap is re-connecting with its target customer—men and women ages 25 to 35 looking to express their unique, personal style.
Across each Gap sub-brand, we continue to evolve our assortments with a focus on what we’ve always been famous for: the best of casual style.
More than anything, though, Gap has been known for its connec- tion to pop culture, as embodied in this image of Lenny Kravitz from the 1990s. In 2008, Gap launched innovative and relevant campaigns such as the Artist Edition T-shirts, showcasing designs by distinguished artists, and our non-partisan VOTE campaign, timed to coincide with the historic U.S. presidential election.
Innovation extended to our GapKids and babyGap businesses as well, both of which delivered solid results in 2008. The launch of babyGap home products and the popular Junk Food graphic T-shirts helped bring fresh choices to our customers. And we added GapBody collections to more than 500 stores.
As we celebrate our 40-year heritage, Gap is committed to stay- ing relevant by continuing to give our customers Gap classics, invented and re-invented for right now.

 Opposite page: Gap “Lenny Kravitz : Individuals of Style,” 1993. This page: Gap, Spring 2009.

  Banana Republic
Since we acquired Banana Republic more than 25 years ago,
the brand has gone from a safari-inspired catalog company with two stores to an affordable luxury brand with more than 600 stores worldwide.
The luxury consumer is much more cost conscious today, and Banana Republic is especially well positioned to appeal to a broader range of customers looking for sophisticated style with the quality and affordability only we deliver.
To broaden our customer base, in 2008, we partnered on targeted promotions with Virgin America, Netflix and iTunes—companies that share a similar focus on this style-minded consumer.
On the product front, we rolled out a new environmentally- friendly line, as well as the limited-edition Monogram collection, representing our most elevated, tailored expression of the brand.
Accessories offer a natural product extension for Banana Republic, and through strategic partnerships, such as our eyewear collection available in about 4,000 specialty shops, we broadened our reach.
The popularity of our Banana Republic store in the United Kingdom, one year after opening, demonstrates the significant potential for this elevated brand across Europe.
While we’re excited by these achievements, we also recognize our recent performance shows we must re-establish ourselves in
the eyes of customers by consistently offering modern and more versatile products each season.

 Opposite page: Banana Republic, Spring 2006. This page: Banana Republic “Chris Carrabba : City Stories,” Spring 2009.

  Old Navy
With a wink and a smile, Old Navy entered the retail market
15 years ago and became an instant hit with its irreverent adver- tising and amazing value for the whole family.
But when the company stepped away from this focus in 2007, customers were disappointed. In 2008, we strengthened our leadership team, clarified the brand’s positioning, and re-centered Old Navy on its core values: family, fashion, value and fun.
Our first step was to understand Old Navy’s key customer: a budget-conscious young mom shopping for her family and herself. We redesigned our product and rebalanced our assortments with this customer clearly in focus. Our shorter product pipeline allowed us to move quickly, so within months we were able to offer a better balance of basics and fashionable, casual style.
Of course, value and irresistible prices have been part of Old Navy from day one. With that in mind, we sharpened our pricing structure and introduced a new “$5–$10–$15” shop within our stores—an unmistakable symbol of our great value. We also placed a bigger emphasis on dynamic store events to bring the unique energy of Old Navy to life.
In 2009, we’ll be speaking to our customers in even bolder ways —starting with our spring campaign that features the distinctive “Supermodelquins,” seen at right wearing our clothes and talking up that famous Old Navy value.
With these changes and a strong team, we feel we’re on our way to bringing the fun back to shopping, as only Old Navy can do.

 Opposite page: Old Navy “Carrie Donovan,” 1998. This page: Old Navy “Supermodelquins,” Spring 2009.

Gap Inc. today is about a lot more than it was 15, 25 or 40 years ago.
In addition, our franchise business continues to devel- op quickly and impressively. To date, we have opened more than 120 Gap and Banana Republic stores
in 14 countries. In 2009, we plan to expand our portfolio in four more countries, and add nearly 60 additional stores.
Online
Our Online division improved its sales by 14 percent last year, passing the $1 billion revenue threshold. This growth was largely due to investments made over the past several years to create a new e-commerce platform, including our 2008 launch of “universality,” which allows customers to purchase from all our brands in one shopping cart, with one shipping fee.
Piperlime, our online shoe and handbag shop, celebrat- ed its second birthday and has been a hit. Piperlime’s brand momentum will allow us to expand into new products in the near future.
Our online platform is also one reason we made our first acquisition in more than 20 years: Athleta, a premiere women’s sports and active apparel company. Athleta fits nicely in our portfolio and enjoys high brand loyalty with its customers. We plan to have
the brand fully integrated into our online shopping experience in early 2009.
Looking ahead, we plan to extend our online business into Canada and the U.K. in 2010.
Doing What’s Right
Gap Inc. is full of passionate, talented people who have the experience, tenacity and wherewithal to match any challenge. We’ve had to be tough-minded this past year, but we never wavered in our commitment to run our business in an ethical manner. We know that operating in a socially responsible way brings sustained, collective value to our shareholders, our employees, and our customers. Forty years ago, Doris and Don instilled these beliefs into Gap, and that spirit is still very much alive in our company today.
For instance, last year we provided in-kind contribu- tions of more than $10 million and invested $15 million in nonprofit organizations around the world. This includes more than $4 million generated through our Give & Get events where we donated five percent of sales to specific nonprofits. In addition, our em- ployees invested nearly 270,000 hours through our employee volunteer programs.
Our long-term strategy is anchored on maximizing the earnings potential of our brands and taking ad- vantage of the many growth opportunities through our Outlet, International and Online businesses.
At the same time, we’re getting better at applying the knowledge we gain in one part of the world to stand out in another.
Outlet
Our Outlet stores are especially well positioned given the recent economic shifts. The company’s already strong U.S.-based Outlet business became even more successful in 2008, and that has motivated us to expand further, both in North America and abroad.
With more than 300 stores in the U.S. and Canada, some Gap Outlet and Banana Republic Factory Stores were among the most productive in our entire
fleet, offering customers the established products, such as logo-wear items, they expect to find at exceptional value.
International
Our brands also increased our total sales outside North America in 2008 as we challenged ourselves to have the flexibility to be a global company that acts locally.
With more than 300 stores outside the U.S., Gap is well known, and still has plenty of room to grow.
We believe having our Gap team in New York set the design aesthetic for the brand globally will enable us to present the brand in a consistent way worldwide.
Banana Republic also has strong name recognition, with an international presence that includes suc- cessful Japan and U.K. stores. We see even more opportunity in new markets where an expanding middle class is creating additional potential for our accessible luxury brand.
We’re expanding this international presence in 2009 by adding about 25 Gap, Banana Republic and Outlet stores that we will operate.
2008 Annual Report: Shareholder Letter

We remain committed to ethical sourcing practices and are looking at ways to reduce our impact on the environment. You can read more about these efforts on our website and in our upcoming Social Respon- sibility Report, which we’ll publish this summer.
Overseeing our business practices and commitment to act with integrity is a strong and experienced Board of Directors—a majority of whom are inde- pendent of the company.
Building Our Future
While our values are more powerful than ever, we’ve made progress this year in focusing more on creativity, customers and results—all aimed at simplifying
our work and giving us a competitive advantage going forward.
For 2009, we’re investing in initiatives that will help drive traffic, deliver inspiring product, and enhance the shopping experience. New store prototypes are underway at each brand as we work to modernize our fleet, improve productivity at each store, and create distinct product assortments for our customers.
As I noted earlier, product is the end game. Each brand is focused on ensuring that product is right for our customers—from the style and color, to the assort- ment and price point, as well as how we’re merchandising in stores.
I’m incredibly proud of what we’ve accomplished this year, and I’m honored to be a steward of these brands and this company as we enter a period of opportunity and potential growth.
With our global brands and expanding markets, we’re well positioned to perform better than the competition and, ultimately, gain back market share. We recognize this will take some time, as well as new thinking and bold moves. That’s exactly what Doris and Don had in mind 40 years ago when they opened the first Gap store, and they remain our inspiration each and every day.
Thank you,
Glenn Murphy
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
        This page top: Piperlime, Spring 2009.
This page bottom: Athleta, Spring 2009.
