 Dear Shareholders,
I’m pleased to share our 2012 business update for Gap Inc.– highlighted by both strong results and significant progress on the company’s long-term strategic plan.
This past year, we introduced our company’s mission: to be the world’s favorite for American style. Our customers embody this passion on the pages of this report, and our 136,000 employees are united to achieve this mission. Our performance over the past 12 months demonstrated a successful balance of improving key financial metrics while making considerable inroads in the global expansion of our portfolio of brands. This combination enabled us to increase our revenue in 2012 by $1.1 billion, an outstand- ing achievement.
A continued focus was in our online, Outlet and International businesses. As evidence of this success, sales for our Direct division grew 24 percent to a record-high $1.9 billion. We added nine more franchise countries, matching the most in any single year, and
our fleet of franchise stores exceeds 300. We now have more than 40 stores in China, including our first four Outlet stores to complement our flagship Gap locations.
2012 was particularly important because we set the stage for future growth with a number of targeted, new investments. In Japan, we launched both our e-commerce channel as well as our first Old Navy store abroad. In North America, Athleta stores expanded to 35 locations, while Piperlime, with its online selection of curated, on-trend product from hundreds of labels, tested its first store concept in New York City. And we ended the year by acquiring multi-brand retailer, Intermix, enabling us to compete in the rapidly-growing luxury and contemporary market.
All of these investments were layered on the foundation of an improved domestic business. We bolstered the marketing platforms for each brand, refreshed a record number of flagship stores in major cities, and increased the speed in our supply chain.
Gap, New York City, US
Gap Outlet, Shanghai, China
   Gap Franchise, Panama City, Panama

 Most of all, though, 2012 will be remembered as the year that our product differen- tiated us to both current and new customers. We are committed to offering compelling, covetable apparel and accessories. At a time when customers are looking for more original, authentic product, our brands found the ideal mix of style, quality and price that positioned them to win in the marketplace.
Among the many product successes this year were: the bright and fresh colors that highlighted Gap’s casual style, Banana Republic’s focus on “new work” that established a growing dominance in styles for the office, and Old Navy’s commitment to deliver everyday fashion essentials for the entire family. Our merchants and designers were complemented by a team of external creative advisors, and they delivered each and every season.
Executing our strategic plan translated into excellent results. Net sales rose to $15.7 billion, up eight percent over the previous year. Earnings per share increased 49 percent to $2.33 on a diluted basis, and we returned $1.3 billion in cash to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. Our stellar performance, strong financial model and sustained momentum caught the attention of investors and industry- observers alike, with recognition such as the distinction of being named “Company
of the Year” by Yahoo! Finance.
Making these achievements possible are the 136,000 employees of Gap Inc. who worked incredibly hard to produce our success. With global offices in London, Tokyo, Shanghai, New York and San Francisco, our company benefits from an enviable mix of Gap Inc. veterans and experienced international leaders along with the right infusion of new talent in key areas.
2012 was a milestone year for Gap Inc. in terms of staying true to the promise of our company: to do more than sell clothes. Gap Foundation celebrated its 35th anniv- ersary and Gap Inc.’s community investments reached an impressive level of contri- butions totaling more than $30.4 million, including $1 million for those affected by Superstorm Sandy.
Through our commitment to corporate social responsibility, we took tangible steps to improve working conditions in the factories that make our products around the world, including the creation of a much-needed fire safety program in Bangladesh.
Doris and Don Fisher started Gap Inc. always thinking of the customer first. This principle, highlighted by the customers you see in this year’s report, is as important
Old Navy, Chicago, US
2012 Gap Inc. Annual Report
  Old Navy, Tokyo, Japan
 Old Navy, San Francisco, US

 Letter to Shareholders
now as it was in 1969, when the company was founded. In my more than 25 years in retail, I’ve never seen a period with as much change. Information moves so quickly, and the intersection between the digital and brick-and-mortar worlds is evolving rapidly. Our “easy-buy-anywhere” strategy bridges these shifts, introducing more flexibility for customers to buy the products they want, where they want.
Today, customers create relationships with brands. They respect brands that are global, and expect a seamless experience across all channels. They demand that retailers keep up with and stay ahead of them. One of our distinct competitive advantages is the access we provide our customers to our brands through a variety of channels.
To speak even more consistently to our customers, beginning in 2013, our company established Global Brands for Gap, Old Navy and Banana Republic. We brought together our specialty, outlet, online and franchise channels at each of our three iconic brands under a single leader. Gap Global President Steve Sunnucks brings
30 years of experience in fashion retail to his position, including seven years expan- ding our company’s international presence. Banana Republic Global President
Jack Calhoun expands the role he’s held leading the brand since 2007. And Old Navy Global President Stefan Larsson joined the company in 2012 after nearly 15 years of experience growing retailer Hennes & Mauritz (H&M) around the world.
Recognizing that in today’s environment retailers must dominate on multiple fronts, we’ve created the Growth, Innovation and Digital division to continue delivering our innovative e-commerce platform while investing in world-class digital capabilities. We are committed to providing a seamless and convenient experience for our customers by developing unique solutions for their increasingly demanding lives, with product, marketing and promotions consistent across all of our channels. GID President Art Peck leads this work, along with guiding our growing brands, Athleta, Piperlime and Intermix.
With the international and franchise businesses coming together within each brand, we have some attractive opportunities to expand further, with plans to open about 150 stores net worldwide in 2013. This marks the first time since 2007 that our total company-operated square footage will increase year-over-year, and our growth is broad-based, both in terms of brands and geography. The expansion includes: Gap and Banana Republic franchise stores; Old Navy in Japan; Athleta in North America; and Global Outlet.
Banana Republic, Los Angeles, US
  Banana Republic, Paris, France
  Piperlime, New York City, US Banana Republic Factory Store,
XXX, US

 China, the second largest retail market in the world, has also proven to be an exciting market for Gap brand. We see near-term prospects to add another 35 stores in China in 2013, for a total of about 80. China represents a cornerstone of our global strategy, and one of my top priorities will be to oversee these expansion plans, given the potential for all three of our major global brands.
I’m proud to lead this great company during a period of significant growth opportunity. You also have my commitment, along with our Chief Financial Officer Sabrina Simmons, that we will remain steadfast to our financial goals that have delivered such strong returns since 2007.
Gap Inc. has shown an ability to change the face of retail, as Doris and Don did four decades ago. I encourage you to take a moment to read the interview with Doris on the pages that follow, as she talks about the values that set us apart.
With a dramatically expanded global footprint of stores spanning nearly 50 countries and a growing portfolio of brands, I’m confident that Gap Inc. can and will continue to lead retail in ways yet unimagined. We have the people and brands that are up to the task of exciting customers again and again in our drive to be the world’s favorite for American style.
I look forward to reporting to you on our further progress a year from now.
Glenn Murphy
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Athleta, Durham, North Carolina, US
2012 Gap Inc. Annual Report
  Intermix, Toronto, Canada
   