2 Goodrich Corporation
 LETTER to Shareholders
David L. Burner
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 Brought to you by Global Reports
The year 2002 was a time of great introspection for many American corporations due to the reprehensible behavior of a few. At Goodrich, we examined our ethical bearings and found what we already knew: our historic emphasis on a culture of personal responsibility and accountability has produced a strong foundation of fair and ethical behavior that extends from the corporate offices to the manufacturing floor.

A high standard of ethics at Goodrich is an enduring tradition that has remained at the heart of everything we do during a period of great transformation. Although our business products, services and locations have changed dramatically over our 132-year history, our standards for honesty, integrity and fairness have remained constant. Our commitment to fair, ethical and appro- priate behavior is supported by comprehensive internal review and reporting systems and dedication to open and unrestricted communication. We will remain committed to these high stan- dards on behalf of our fellow employees, our customers, our communities and our shareholders.
A Focused Global Leader
Over the past two decades, Goodrich has purposefully evolved from a commodity products business, with varied financial per- formance, into a focused aerospace systems supplier. We have achieved leadership positions across a broad variety of global platforms with strong profit margins, stable financial perform- ance and a clear vision of who we are and where we’re going. The transformation culminated with the acquisition in 2002 of the TRW Aeronautical Systems businesses, which expanded our business base and global footprint to the point that no other company in the aerospace industry has a broader array of lead- ership positions than Goodrich. We intend to build upon this base as the company continues to evolve.
Well-Positioned for the Future
The current business climate is challenging, and we are not happy with our stock price performance. We are experiencing a down cycle in the commercial aviation market exacerbated by a weak economy and an uncertain global political situation.
2002 Annual Report 3

4 Goodrich Corporation
Transformation Highlights:
1986 – Sale of tire division provides
capital to begin transformation
1990 – Acquisition of Simmonds Precision begins to build systems platform
1993 – Acquisition of Cleveland Pneumatic and Rosemount Aerospace broadens platform positions
1993 – Spin-off of PVC business sharpens focus on aerospace
1997 – Acquisition of Rohr adds key positions on major platforms
1999 – Acquisition of Coltec Industries significantly broadens aerospace market presence
2001 – Sale of Performance Materials completes exit from chemical industry
2001 – New name and identity rolled out
2002 – Spin-off of Engineered Industrial Products accelerates transformation into an aerospace business
2002 – Acquisition of Aeronautical Systems enhances balance across the aerospace systems portfolio
But we believe that no other company in our industry is better positioned to capitalize on the expected recovery of the market and the economy. Some aspects of our strength may not be fully apparent, and for that reason we are using this annual report to point out “What You Don’t See.”
This new year will mark another important chapter in the transformation of Goodrich as I move toward retirement and Marshall Larsen succeeds me as chief executive officer. Marshall has shouldered increased responsibilities within the company, particularly with the rapid consolidation of the aerospace market- place, our aggressive acquisition program and the subsequent integration opportunities. He has demonstrated that he is the right person to lead the company in the future and to face the challenges of the global economy and geopolitical issues. Not only do those of us at Goodrich feel confident in Marshall, but the industry as a whole has demonstrated its trust in his leader- ship abilities by naming him to a term last year as chairman of the Aerospace Industries Association. He was at the helm of the association during the period of crisis that followed September 11 and he handled his duties with distinction. Marshall is now in
a position to pilot the transformed company to the next level of success.
As I turn over the leadership of Goodrich to Marshall,
I want to thank you, the shareholders, for giving me this oppor- tunity to serve. I especially want to thank our thousands of loyal and dedicated employees for their commitment and support; they are our greatest asset and the foundation for success in the years ahead.
Brought to you by Global Reports

I am extremely proud of the new Goodrich that we have created. I look back on several critical junctures when we decided to take dramatic and aggressive action to change the very nature of the company. Beginning in the mid-1980s, we began to trans- form the company by divesting the traditional BFGoodrich tire, chemical and industrial rubber businesses, while investing in our aerospace franchise. The Goodrich aerospace base was further strengthened over time with numerous acquisitions and invest- ments, including the important acquisitions of Simmonds Precision in 1990, Cleveland Pneumatic and Rosemount Aerospace in 1993, Rohr in 1997, Coltec in 1999 and TRW Aeronautical Systems in 2002. These structural business changes required significant changes in the organization and infrastructure of the company. These aggressive actions required courage on the part of the entire Goodrich organization, the unswerving support of our Board of Directors and excellence in execution. I never had a doubt that we would succeed.
I have enjoyed every moment at Goodrich. I am deeply grateful to have been entrusted with the great honor of serving you, and I wish Marshall Larsen and all of our employees every success as they lead this great corporation to an even greater future.
David L. Burner
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
February 21, 2003
2002 Annual Report 5
 