 Marshall O. Larsen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
2003 was our first full year as a global company focused solely on the aerospace and defense industry.
 As part of this transformation, we have renewed our committment to maximizing the value we deliver to our customers, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders in an ever more complex and challenging business environment.
Today Goodrich is one of the world’s largest aerospace and defense systems and equipment suppliers, with 2003 sales of $4.4 billion and more than 20,000 employees across the globe.
We have a broad portfolio of systems and products, with proprietary, flight- critical presence on a wide range
of commercial and military aircraft and excellent positions on new programs.
We have a well-balanced portfolio among our three major market areas. Approxi- mately one-third of our sales comes from each of: systems and equipment for commercial aircraft manufacturers, spare parts and service for the
1
Goodrich Corporation 2003 Annual Report

commercial airline industry, and prod- ucts and services for the military and space markets. Our military and space sales have doubled over the last four years, and we expect them to grow by up to another 10 percent in 2004.
In 2003, we integrated the TRW Aeronau- tical Systems businesses into Goodrich, and are now driving hard to improve the margins and customer relationships of those businesses. We also turned in a very robust cash flow performance, delivering net cash from operations of $553 million, a six percent increase over 2002. Cash flow is a major area of emphasis for us – we have provided
fundamental cash flow training for over 6,000 of our employees in the last 12–18 months. That training has focused not just on managers but on the people who really impact cash flow on a daily basis, in all of our businesses around the world. We have also aligned our management incentive system to focus on cash genera- tion as one of its key measures. Our continuing strong cash flow performance has allowed us to pay down a signifi- cant amount of the debt related to the acquisition of the TRW Aeronautical Systems businesses. Debt reduction
will continue to be a priority as we go forward.
 2
 
   Looking to the Future
 Goodrich is poised to move forward on exciting new business opportunities that will enhance commercial air travel, strengthen defense, increase national security and extend man’s exploration of space. With systems and products on every Boeing aircraft, Goodrich expects to play an important role on the new 7E7 Dreamliner. Goodrich is part of the team developing the X-45 Joint-Unmanned Combat Air Systems. As the homeland security effort evolves, the company expects to find ways to use its tech- nology to help protect citizens. Goodrich is excited about the possibility of winning a key role in the proposed manned mission to Mars.
       
   Lean Focus
 Goodrich is driving change across the company through Continuous Improvement (CI) to improve its processes and reduce development time. The Goodrich CI toolbox uses many improvement methodologies, such as the Lean Product Development (LDP) process. This pro- cess, first used by Goodrich on the nacelle system for the CF34-10 propulsion system powering Embraer’s new 190/195 regional jets, reduces non-recurring costs, cycle time and first-unit costs, while improving product quality and reliability. With this new approach, Goodrich launched the first unit of the CF34-10 at a much lower cost level than on previous programs. The LPD process itself continues to evolve and improve, helping Goodrich deliver more value to its customers and shareholders.
       
 A P o s i t i v e O u t l o o k
As we enter 2004, the outlook for the commercial aerospace industry is improving. It appears that we saw the bottom of the commercial aerospace downturn in 2003. While recovery
in new commercial aircraft deliveries is not expected until the 2005–2006 timeframe, our forecast is for a 3–5 percent growth in sales of spare parts and service to the commercial airline industry, as well as continuing growth in the military and space markets.
So what should investors expect from Goodrich in 2004? They should expect that we will remain focused on our
threestrategicimperatives–balanced growth, leveraging the enterprise and operational excellence.
We will continue to strive for balanced growth – we have been very successful in increasing our military and space business and intend to build on those efforts as we go forward. That does
not mean we’ll lessen our focus on commercial aerospace – we will continue to compete for key positions on new aircraft such as Boeing’s 7E7 Dreamliner, but we want to lessen our exposure to the cyclical nature of the commercial aerospace industry.
 3
Goodrich Corporation 2003 Annual Report

Leveraging the enterprise is extremely important in helping us deliver enhanced value to our stakeholders. We must align our processes and practices so that
we operate as one efficient enterprise and not just as a collection of busi- nesses. Bringing together our multiple business units will allow us to work more effectively, provide opportunities
to reduce our costs and optimize our manufacturing, procurement, technology and new program investment at the enterprise level. We’re doing this through a number of enterprise-wide initiatives, such as supply chain management and shared services.
Leveraging the enterprise is also about aligning ourselves better with our customers. Many of our customers deal with Goodrich across multiple products and businesses. They want a simplified interface with us. To accomplish this, we have launched an aggressive program to improve our customer service activities across the enterprise, to enable us to present a more integrated face to our global customer base.
Operational excellence has long been a driving force at Goodrich. We will maintain our focus in this area,
to ensure we are efficient and flexible enough to take advantage of future business opportunities. We have a strong track record in Continuous
 4
 
   Gears Have Landed
 In December, Goodrich delivered the first body and wing landing gears for the new Airbus A380. The world’s largest commer- cial landing gears – the wing gear stands 18.5 feet high – are notable for both their size and their technological achievements. They are built of high-strength alloys to optimize gear weight and feature a new environmentally friendly coating.
The A380 landing gear production offers a clear example of Goodrich’s alignment, with seamless teamwork across six sites in North America and Europe. Final integra- tion is planned at Goodrich’s facility in Toulouse, France, which is becoming a land- ing gear center of excellence because of its proximity to Airbus.
       
   Defense Sales Grow
 Goodrich’s defense business has more than doubled in the past four years and is forecast to grow by as much as another 10 percent in 2004. One of the fastest-growing defense divi- sions is Optical and Space Systems. Among its promising products are laser warning sys- tems that help aircrew and soldiers take countermeasures when targeted by laser- guided weapons and the DB-110 electro-optical reconnaissance system. In Iraq, the DB-110 performed “fantastically” on the Royal Air Force’s Tornado aircraft, according to a high- ranking defense official. Poland recently selected the DB-110 for its new F-16s.
       
 Improvement, and are now working to align our efforts across the enterprise, implementing best practices and using tools like Lean and Six Sigma. Opera- tional excellence is particularly important given the current state of the airline industry – as the airlines seek new business models, suppliers like Goodrich need to strengthen their focus on long- term cost-competitiveness.
Integrity and Focus
What else should investors expect from Goodrich in 2004? First and foremost, a continuing commitment to integrity, in terms of both the transparency of our financial reporting and our whole approach to doing business. I firmly
believe that one of the meanings
of CEO is “Chief Ethics Officer,” and I take that charge to heart. I am totally committed to continuing the strong emphasis that Goodrich has always placed on the highest standards of ethical behavior. And we are not resting on our reputation – we have revitalized and strengthened an already solid ethics program with new elements that will be used by all our businesses worldwide, such as an extensive online training program that each and every Goodrich manager will complete during 2004.
We will not make any significant acquisitions in the near term. And we will continue to focus on the “blocking
 5
Goodrich Corporation 2003 Annual Report

and tackling” that is the foundation
of our business. We will also maintain our focus on improving our financial performance, specifically on increasing our margins and maintaining our outstanding cash flow record. We remain committed to new product development – we have continued investing in the future right through the current market downturn. This has won us key positions on new aircraft plat- forms and programs like the Airbus A380, Embraer’s new regional jet family, the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter and the C-5 re-engine program. And our ongoing investment in new technology has positioned us well for upcoming
new programs like the Boeing 7E7
Dreamliner and military and space platforms such as the new generation of unmanned combat vehicles.
Overall, we are committed to being accountable to all our stakeholders.
We remain focused on what we can control, while aligning ourselves to take advantage of future opportunities that will help us achieve our vision of deliver- ing enhanced long-term value and becoming a truly outstanding global aerospace company.
Marshall O. Larsen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 6
  