Marshall O. Larsen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
three key strategies. They are helping us drive towards our goal of
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2004 was Goodrich’s first year of growth since the downturn in the commercial aerospace industry that followed the events of September 11, 2001. We reported full year sales of $4.7 billion, an increase of 8% over 2003. Our diluted earnings per share were up 68% to $1.43 per share.
These results are due in part to the continued recovery of the commercial aerospace industry. They are also the result of the excellent progress we have made on the three strategies put in place last year – balanced growth, leveraging the enterprise and operational excellence. Our strategies are put into action through the daily efforts of our 21,000 employees worldwide. These strategies are helping us drive towards our goal of achieving long-term value creation for our stakeholders.
In the following pages you will see evidence of our progress. Highlights include winning significant contracts on Boeing’s new 787 Dreamliner and the new Airbus A350, along with our achievements on the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter (JSF) and in new military markets such as unmanned aerial vehicles and homeland security. In addition, we began delivering products for the Airbus A380, which will make its first flight in 2005. These new programs are expected to generate substantial future revenue for Goodrich.
I will devote the rest of this letter to remind you of some of the things investors should expect from Goodrich. First, we believe in a continuing commitment to integrity.
We have made excellent progress on our
long-term value creation.
A strong sense of ethics is one of the cornerstones of our company, and we will continue to operate at the highest standards of integrity. We invested significant time and resources in 2004 in meeting Sarbanes-Oxley requirements for internal control over financial reporting, and we go well beyond legal compliance in many areas.
Second, we remain focused on the business. Maximizing cash flow and improving profit margins con- tinue to be priorities. We have seen margin improvements across the majority of our businesses in 2004. I expect that momentum to continue as the industry recovers.
Finally, we continue to be proactive on transparency of financial reporting and disclosure. For example, we began expensing stock-based compensation in the first quarter of 2004, 18 months before it was required.
We look ahead to 2005 with great optimism for the global aerospace and defense industry. We expect continued growth in our key markets. Goodrich is well positioned to extend our recent earnings momentum. In this growth environment, management is carefully focused on resource allocation to deliver maximum long-term value for our stakeholders.
Marshall O. Larsen
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
February 25, 2005
Annual Report2004
  1.
