G R AC E

PAG E 2

A Letter from the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

A N N UA L REPORT 2 015

On February 3, 2016, 162-year-old W. R. Grace & Co. began the next chapter in a long story of reinvention and growth. And as always, the impetus was the creation of value.
2015: Threshold to the Future The year 2015 was more than another year of solid performance; it was the threshold to a different future. Uncertainty and turbulence again were hallmarks of the macroeconomic environment, with uneven growth and adverse currency impacts throughout the world. Lower crude oil prices created significant opportunities and challenges for our customers in the refining and petrochemical industries, while many construction markets showed meaningful growth. With all of this, Grace marked our seventh consecutive year of increasing Adjusted Gross Margin and Adjusted EBITDA Margin (each up 110 basis points), as we focused on costs and operating efficiently in an uncertain environment. Currency headwinds overtook sales growth, while sales volumes rose in key segments of our businesses. Adjusted Free Cash Flow remained strong at over $430 million. Longer-term strategic decisions and investments in our Catalysts Technologies segment began to yield returns, particularly in the Middle East, and in market acceptance of several new catalysts products, particularly for hard-to-process heavy crudes. Similarly, in Materials Technologies, our investments in BioPharma and nutraceutical intermediates lay the groundwork for growth, with new plant capacity due to come on line in 2017. Our coatings, chemical process, and consumer/pharmaceutical offerings now represent a balanced portfolio of high-value products. Our Construction Products segment, now the core business of GCP Applied Technologies, captured sales, volume, and earnings growth in the improving construction market. Focused Grace has demonstrated again and again in recent years that we are successful when concentrating our talent and technology on an enterprise goal. In just the last three years, our emergence from Chapter 11, our acquisition and integration of the UNIPOL® polypropylene process licensing and related catalysts business, our disciplined capital allocation, and now, our successful separation, all demonstrate our ability to execute. Our continuing high Adjusted EBIT Return On Invested Capital-- 32 percent in 2015--provides more evidence. This same focus--on growth, margin improvement, and cash-- will continue in "new" Grace. We retain #1 or #2 leading positions in over 80 percent of sales, with a large portfolio of blue-chip customers. Meanwhile, we have simplified our operating structure--reducing our facility footprint by 67 percent, and concentrating 80 percent of our employees in the U.S. and Germany--to focus our strategic assets as well. Innovative Research & Development and technological differentiation are keys to winning and retaining customers, penetrating new markets, and delivering customer value. We see this in the prices and margins we earn for our high-value technologies. Our innovation begins with our core materials science expertise, manufacturing and process technology leadership, and applications expertise. This means that market dynamics and shifting economics, which create challenges for our customers, present opportunities for Grace.

G R AC E

PAG E 3

A N N UA L REPORT 2 015

Today, two industry-leading public companies stand where one did before. Grace and GCP Applied Technologies Inc. now move forward to create value on their own individual paths.

The challenges of heavy resid processing, resid-to-propylene applications, and shale crudes are being met with our family of ACHIEVE® catalysts and Midas ® GOLD FCC catalysts. Our ICR® catalysts systems address hydro cracking and fixed bed resid hydrotreating demands while our SmART Catalyst System® addresses ultra-low sulfur diesel production. Our MAGNAPORE® chromium PE catalysts and CONSISTA® 6th generation non-phthalate PP catalysts are configured to address polyolefin industry drivers like increased consumer demand and materials substitution. In our Materials segment, we are addressing a breadth of opportunities ranging from enhanced coatings performance and custom chemistries for pharmaceutical applications to specialized silicas with tailored particles and specialized materials for personal care. SYLOID®, SHIELDEX®, LUDOX®, and SYLODENT® are a few of the silica-based brands adding to our performance and promising more growth in non-traditional applications. Performance Driven Our customers demand performance from our products, and we demand performance from ourselves. Our high margins and strong cash flow require us to efficiently allocate those returns to our businesses, including to new growth investments and synergistic bolt-on acquisitions, or to return cash to our shareholders. We recently announced our intention to begin paying a new quarterly cash dividend, expected to be $0.17/share, and have returned over $1.3 billion in capital to shareholders in the last two years.

Two strong, independent companies As we begin our next chapter, I would like to thank all of my colleagues at Grace, as well as our customers, partners, and shareholders for your continued confidence and trust. And I thank the members of the GCP team for all they have contributed to our success. I wish them the best as we both--independently--begin a new century of leadership.

March 2016

