To Our Shareholders, Customers and Colleagues
If you have read my shareholder letters in past years, you know all about our progress toward being one of the world's premier specialty chemicals companies. I wrote of how we reduced complexity so we could be more nimble, how we equipped employees with the most contemporary productivity tools to streamline our processes, how we invested in technology to deliver new and next-generation products to help our customers and how we developed into a more tightly integrated operating company.
In retrospect, these achievements were more important than we realized at the time because, in 2008, everything we accomplished was put to the test, and I am proud to report that we passed that test. Grace is more agile, less complex and more disciplined today because of the steps we took. We worked hard to meet our commitments in 2008 so we could continue investing for 2009 and beyond. We made targeted investments throughout the year, put the right resources in the right places to capture new and exciting growth opportunities and constantly adjusted our businesses. We established new facilities in Latin America, Southeast Asia and Eastern Europe by shifting resources away from slow growing construction markets into rapidly expanding ones. Similarly, we strengthened our businesses with a variety of new technologies in the fluid cracking catalysts, polyolefin catalysts and discovery sciences product lines that will become the foundation of future successes.

First, let me share our financial results. In 2008, we grew our sales to $3.3 billion, an increase of 6.5%. Pre-tax income from core operations was $299.7 million in 2008, up almost 1% from the prior year. Our earnings growth lagged because we experienced $160 million in raw material price increases. We offset some of them with productivity cost reductions and improved pricing, but inflation came too fast and was too relentless throughout the year to overcome it all. A bright spot was our operating free cash flow. It increased by $134 million to $399 million. Our financial performance tells an important part of the story. We also passed the test in other, less tangible ways. For instance, we proved the value of being close to our customers. Our purpose, what gets us going in the morning, is our dedication to making customers successful. This is even more important when they are faced with economic challenges. Whatever effects we are feeling, our customers are feeling them too. In 2008, we spent a lot of time walking job sites and plants with our customers so we could better understand what it takes to be successful in their markets. With that knowledge, we brought them the best we have to offer, smart products and world-class technical support. We thank our customers for their support, and look forward to helping each other weather the current economic downturn.

Innovation is a centerpiece of our story. In 2008, 35% of our sales came from products introduced over the last five years. We have a pipeline of innovations ­ ranging from new formulations of existing products to entirely new offerings ­ coming to market in the next two years. In the markets we currently serve and the ones we intend to enter, there is a huge thirst for next-generation products that will drive business. Whether it's more sustainable and energy efficient building materials or a new family of catalysts that convert biomass into biofuels, the opportunities are truly exciting. I am optimistic that by the time the economic downturn begins to reverse itself our hard work and investments will pay off with great new products and accelerating growth rates.

The results were tabulated and shared with employees in order to address the specific issues that had been identified at their locations. The outcome has been an extraordinary empowerment of our colleagues. Every site has an action plan and a timetable for strengthening its safety culture.

In addition to the progress we made on improving our businesses and positioning them for the future, we also moved ahead in the environment, health and safety area. We continued to reduce emissions, recycle reclaimed materials into our products and invest in making our facilities safer. After years of steadily improving safety results, we felt we could do more to strengthen this aspect of our performance. So, we asked every person at Grace what they thought about safety at work and whether or not their leaders shared the company's commitment to safety.

When it comes to productivity, we are relentless. From the first introduction of Six Sigma tools to some 50 people at Grace nearly a decade ago, we now have placed those original tools and many updated ones in the hands of virtually every employee. What a great decision this turned out to be, particularly in a year like 2008. Last year, our people delivered about $300 million in cost reductions, revenue enhancements, improved cash flow and cost and capital avoidance that were critical to our success. What's more, productivity has become a cultural underpinning at Grace. Recently, I asked our productivity leaders for the number of Lean and Kaizen events we held in 2008. A few days later I received word that nobody knew, and the reason was terrific: what used to be noteworthy has become the norm. There are so many of these events happening that no one can keep track of them all.

2

Enriching Lives, Everywhere.

TM

We made significant progress on the legal front in 2008. In our Chapter 11 proceedings, we agreed to fund a pair of trusts to pay asbestos-related personal injury and property damage claims, as well as claims stemming from our former attic insulation product. All of these settlements have been rolled into our Plan of Reorganization. We believe each settlement is fair and enjoys wide support among the various constituencies in our case. The bankruptcy court has scheduled confirmation hearings of the Plan for later this year. We settled with the U.S. Government on the costs to remediate the town of Libby related to our former operations in the area. At the time this report reaches you, the criminal trial of Grace and several former executives in U.S. Federal Court in Missoula, Montana will be underway. It's my hope that it will be resolved in 2009. In the meantime, we continue to pay the medical costs incurred by our former employees in Libby, their families and others in the community whose health has been affected by that former operation.

Clearly, 2008 presented unexpected challenges, and 2009 looks to be equally difficult if not more so. I believe we are better equipped today to anticipate and meet these challenges, but it won't be easy. I am proud of what the 6,300 people at Grace around the world accomplished last year. We will weather this downturn by staying close to our customers and being quick to anticipate shifts in our markets. We will continue to invest in our people and our future products so when things turn, as I know they will, Grace will be poised to grow and prosper. Finally, we look forward to emerging from Chapter 11 and being able to tell the story of how these same 6,300 people, in the face of terrific odds, grew this company to what it is today and put in place the foundation for an even greater company tomorrow. Thank you for your support.

Fred Festa Chairman, President & CEO

Financial Highlights
Amounts in millions, except per share data

2008
$3,317.0 $121.5 $1.68 72.5 $460.1 $1.6

2007
$3,115.2 $88.8 $1.24 71.6 $480.5 $88.2

2006
$2,826.5 $8.6 $0.13 68.3 $536.3 $152.7

NET SALES
Diluted EPS

NET INCOME WEIGHTED AVERAGE DILUTED SHARES OUTSTANDING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES*

* Net cash provided by operating activities includes payments of $321.3 million, $102.4 million, and $50.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively, for Chapter 11 expenses and settlements of contingencies subject to Chapter 11. Net cash provided by operating activities before Chapter 11 expenses and settlements was $322.9 million, $190.6 million, and $203.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2008, 2007, and 2006, respectively. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov for additional information on our business, proposed plan of reorganization and other legal proceedings, and our financial condition and results of operations.

3

