Pa g e 2 

W. R . G r a c e & C o m p a n y 2 0 1 3 A n n u a l R e p o r t

Up
L o ok in g
L o oking Forwa rd
A letter from the Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Shareholders, Customers, and Colleagues: I am pleased to report we emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy on February 3, 2014, and now our sole focus has returned to the growth of our business on the platform of talent, technology, and trust. In the first quarter, ART, our joint venture with Chevron, signed an important commercial agreement with Chevron Lummus Global (CLG), the world's largest hydrocracking technology licensor. This expanded relationship, which allows ART to market catalysts to CLG licensees and other refining customers, helped drive double-digit earnings growth in ART in 2013. In December, we closed on the acquisition of the UNIPOL® Polypropylene Licensing and Catalysts business and gained some 90 talented professionals, making Grace number one in polyolefin catalysts and a clear leader in polypropylene catalyst and process technologies. This premier business is one of the most important and strategic of the 22 businesses we have acquired since 2003. As the world's leading process catalysts company, we are in a position to realize the most value in a franchise the size and quality of the UNIPOL® Polypropylene Process Technology business. It is a strong strategic fit with our existing polyolefin catalyst portfolio and consistent with our strategy to capture opportunity in emerging markets where demand for plastics is rising along with disposable incomes. In Materials Technologies, the segment in which we develop and manufacture engineered materials, coatings, and sealants used in consumer, industrial, packaging, and pharmaceutical applications, we achieved steady performance improvement. We remain the worldwide leader in specialty silica gel technologies, which contributed to expanding margins and double-digit earnings growth. We continue to lead in can sealants where our growth was primarily in emerging regions. Our global Construction Products business, which is primarily focused on specialty additives as well as air barriers and waterproofing membranes, experienced its best year since 2008. Riding the construction recovery in North America and improved profitability in Europe, Grace Construction Products increased earnings 21 percent over 2012. A small acquisition in Australia--the Chemind waterproofing business--continues to deliver outsized benefits in technology and market share.

W. R . G r a c e & C o m p a n y 2 0 1 3 A n n u a l R e p o r t 

Pa g e 3

On February 3, 2014, the Joint Plan of Reorganization became effective, ending the Chapter 11 bankruptcy. All pending and future asbestos-related claims are channeled to two independent trusts established to compensate asbestos personal injury claimants and property owners. All allowed claims of non-asbestos creditors were paid in full upon emergence. The trusts are funded so that claimants can be paid and we can return our undivided attention to our business. I want to publicly thank all of our valued customers, suppliers, employees, and investors who placed their trust in Grace during this challenging period. For that, I am extremely grateful. We will continue to grow through product innovation, geographic expansion, and bolt-on acquisitions. We will improve profitability by developing products valued by our customers, and through productivity. We will put our strong free cash flow to work as we invest in our businesses and exercise discipline in capital allocation.

"Grace investors have come to expect I am confident Grace can generate more than $2 billion in cumulative Adjusted Free Cash solid Return On Invested Capital Flow by the end of 2018. With a disciplined approach to capital allocation, we will deploy through strong cash flow, profitability, that capital to yield the highest returns, whether that be by expanding internal capacity, bolt-on and growth. We look ahead with great acquisitions, technology enhancements, or buying back our own shares.
Grace investors have come to expect solid Return On Invested Capital through strong cash flow, profitability, and growth. We look ahead with great enthusiasm because we see clear paths forward for each of these vital measures of our performance.

enthusiasm because we see clear paths forward for each of these vital measures of our performance."

I'd like to thank our Board of Directors for their guidance, their support, and their commitment in moving Grace beyond one of the most significant milestones in the 160-year history of our business. We will achieve our goals by unleashing the remarkable talent across our organization--from R&D, Six Sigma, and supply chain to sales and technical support. Our talent runs as deep as our commitment to new technologies that drive value for our customers. Consistent, reliable value lies at the heart of the trust that is the ultimate measure of our success. Thank you for your continuing confidence. Fred E. Festa Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 27, 2014

