Dear Shareholders, Colleagues and Customers
This annual letter gives me a welcome opportunity to reflect on the year past and put into perspective the things that our 6,500 people around the world are doing to make Grace a stronger competitor. By creating chemistry in the markets we serve, we are able to help our customers and our communities.
First, let me talk about the business performance in 2006. I am pleased to report we had another very good year. We remained focused on growth and productivity, and we delivered on both. Sales for the year were $2.8 billion, a 10% increase over the prior year. The increase was driven by strong performance in all regions, with Europe leading the way. Our business teams continued to grow our sales base despite a downturn in U.S. residential construction. Net income for 2006 was $18.3 million, or $0.27 per diluted share. Pre-tax income from core operations was $240.2 million, a 19.2% increase over 2005. We also achieved our high cash return targets. Our net cash flow from operating activities increased from $67.3 million in 2005 to $152.7 million in 2006. Our working capital management was the most significant "new" initiative and provided as much cash growth as sales increases. These results don't tell the whole story. Our sales growth was driven by several factors, including product mix and volume. Our productivity increases, rooted in Six Sigma, were critical to offsetting inflation in key raw materials. And the big improvement in cash flow enabled us to meet important obligations, such as funding capital improvements and the Grace pension plans. During the year, we accelerated our productivity efforts through the use of Six Sigma tools, often referred to as Lean or Kaizen, in order to maintain our earlier momentum and address something that has offended me in every job I have ever had: non-value added complexity. These tools are easy to use and effective in simplifying business processes. Champions were deployed across Grace to jumpstart their use, as those of us who have used them understand their effectiveness. In 2006, we held more than 175 Lean and Kaizen events throughout Grace, one every other day. It's exciting, it's invigorating, and for those process owners it's enormously empowering. In one example, a Kaizen event was held at our hydroprocessing plant in Curtis Bay, Maryland. It focused on making the work areas safer, cleaner and more organized, and ultimately led to a new way to recover metals used at the facility. We estimate the savings from this one project at over $600,000. I don't want my enthusiasm to lead you to the conclusion we have simplified every business process at Grace. We still have plenty of work to do, but we are making measurable progress. I am very proud of what we have accomplished and the way we are sharing our successes. On the next few pages, there is in-depth description of our two operating segments: Grace Performance Chemicals and Grace Davison. Both had excellent years and have improved their growth platforms to be better positioned for future success, in particular because of their focus on innovation. We've developed a vitality index that tells us the percentage of revenues from products introduced during the most recent five years. I am pleased to say that the index is 36% for Grace Davison and 27% for Grace Performance Chemicals. Subsequent sections will highlight some of our innovative new products. In the case of Grace Performance Chemicals, we moved decisionmaking, marketing, and research and development closer to the customer. We established European and Asian decision-making organizations and technical labs, reinvigorating our sales and marketing talent. Instead of seeking a single new product idea, I envision different new products being launched in different parts of the world, reflecting local market needs and opportunities. We have restructured our entire R&D organization. In addition to our focus on improving the products we manufacture today, we have placed a special emphasis on innovation. A cultural change is underway that will encourage people to take "big swings" at developing new products. We have several of these in the pipeline, and I look forward to telling you about their future market success. At Grace Davison, we have devoted much of the last 18 months to repositioning our business to build on our strengths and focus on our best long-term opportunities. For instance, we expanded our position in polyolefin catalysts and components - essential ingredients for making industrial and consumer plastic resins - through the acquisition of a custom catalyst manufacturing facility. At the same time, we are reviewing whether or not to remain as a supplier to the automotive catalyst industry. Not an easy decision, but one we need to make. I believe these changes, and others like them, will ultimately help us better serve our customers around the world. Like other companies, we have strategic business themes that we are relentlessly pursuing. We focus on improving productivity in our entire value chain. We reconfigure our manufacturing, challenge our logistics processes, beef up our supply chain organiza-

2

tion, and improve our IT capability to make data more readily available to those who need it. All of these are critically important to our future success. However, the one area that my leadership team and I have spent as much time on as any business initiative is what makes it all work -- our people. Recently, we completed a global research project to understand the Grace brand and its position in the market. The results pointed out that the people of Grace are the face of the brand. I loved that finding because it reinforced my opinion that I am privileged to be the leader of great people. However, it also has important ramifications as we continue to globalize our businesses. The world is changing rapidly and Grace is changing with it. In 2001, over 50% of our sales came from North America. Today, that number is 41%. That is a huge shift and we need to allocate resources accordingly. In 2006, we opened offices and labs in Russia, Poland, India and China, and expanded in the Middle East through joint ventures and organic growth. As we expand into these emerging growth areas, we are clearly focused on increasing our cultural diversity. We made progress in 2006 and intend to make more in 2007. To capture the knowledge of our terrific people and ensure that the strength of the Grace brand is instilled in the next generation of employees, we have set an expectation that the leaders at Grace be teachers. Successful people at Grace know they have a responsibility to impart their wisdom to those coming behind them. Our goal is to have all front line supervisors and other managers understand their responsibility to help those around them.

In addition to all the positives at Grace, we still face numerous challenges. First and foremost is our Chapter 11 case. The bankruptcy judge has scheduled hearings for the estimation of our past and future asbestos-related liability for later in 2007. This is a critical step in our plan to emerge from Chapter 11 and we are fully engaged in the process. I look forward to the time I can write to you that final plans for our emergence from Chapter 11 are underway. Also, the indictments of the company and seven former employees regarding operations at the former Libby vermiculite facility are still pending in Federal Court in Montana. The trial was to have begun last September, but the government is appealing a number of pretrial rulings and it appears unlikely that the case will reach trial before the end of 2007, at the earliest. As with the Chapter 11, I also look forward to being able to tell you that this case is behind us. In closing, I would like to thank all Grace employees, who made our 2006 performance possible. Each of you shares the vision of Grace becoming the world's premier specialty materials and chemicals company and we made real progress toward that goal in 2006. I am optimistic that despite inevitable bumps along the way, we have the drive, the growth platforms, the passion and, most of all, the people to succeed. Sincerely,

Fred Festa President & CEO

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Amounts in millions, except per share data

2006
$2,826.5 $353.7 12.5% $240.2 8.5% $18.3 $0.27 68.3 $152.7 $3,637.4 $4,187.2 $3,221.6 $(549.8)

2005
$2,569.5 $322.4 12.5% $201.5 7.8% $67.3 $1.00 67.3 $67.3 $3,538.6 $4,133.9 $3,155.1 $(595.3)

2004
$2,259.9 $294.6 13.0% $179.3 7.9% $(402.3) $(6.11) 65.8 $325.4 $3,553.1 $4,174.9 $3,207.7 $(621.8)

NET SALES PRE-TAX INCOME FROM CORE OPERATIONS BEFORE INTEREST, TAXES, DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION
As a Percent of Sales

PRE-TAX INCOME FROM CORE OPERATIONS
As a Percent of Sales

NET INCOME (LOSS)
Diluted EPS

WEIGHTED AVERAGE DILUTED SHARES OUTSTANDING NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES TOTAL ASSETS TOTAL LIABILITIES LIABILITIES SUBJECT TO COMPROMISE
(A Subset of Total Liabilities)

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)

3

