Letter to Shareowners
We create chemistry to help our customers grow their businesses.

Dear Shareowners, Colleagues and Customers,
In 2005, Grace successfully continued to embrace change and took important steps toward becoming a faster, more agile and more tightly integrated specialty chemicals and materials company. We continue to drive integration through the organization, extending our global reach into fast-growing emerging markets, and devoting more resources to inventing new products. And we are doing all of these things for just one reason - to be the best at delivering the products and services our customers need, wherever they do business. It is hard to imagine a year when we accomplished so much in the face of so many challenges. A trio of hurricanes - particularly Rita - and rampant inflation in the prices we pay for raw materials tested our ability to meet the expectations we set out at the start of 2005. They tested our mettle, and our company emerged stronger. Hurricane Rita dealt a blow to our catalyst manufacturing facility in Lake Charles, Louisiana, closing the plant for two weeks and causing significant damage. Though no lives were lost, many of our employees lost their homes and possessions. I am very proud of the way our company responded. Employees from around the world contributed to the Rita Foundation, established on a very short timeline by our legal and human resources teams, to help our colleagues in Lake Charles find new homes and replace their belongings. Including company contributions, the fund raised more than $375,000. Meeting the catalyst needs of our customers was also a priority. From the back office, where supply chain specialists worked to establish new distribution routes, to the catalyst manufacturing plants in Maryland and Germany that stepped up production, everyone contributed to overcoming the impact of Rita. Our financial results showed equal resiliency. In 2005, we delivered our sixth straight year of topline growth. For the year, sales topped $2.5 billion, nearly 14 percent improvement over the previous year. Sales growth was strong in all four quarters, across businesses and in all geographic regions. Productivity remains a central part of our strategy. Our ability to control costs and maximize our production capacity has been particularly important for the past several years, as the cost of energy and other raw materials continue to escalate. In 2005, we placed new emphasis on speed as a core operating principle, incorporating Lean productivity tools - which reduce complexity and eliminate non-valued activities - into our Six Sigma programs. Drawing on the strength of our sales performance, acquisition strategy and productivity programs, we ended the year with higher operating income, which grew more than 12 percent to $201 million. Net income for 2005 was just over $67 million, or $1 per diluted share. We also had another year of strong safety performance in 2005. Eighty facilities achieved impressive safety records during the year - up from 51 in 2004 - for operating extended periods without recordable or lost time injuries. The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration recognized our catalyst production facility in Lake Charles with its prestigious "Star" Voluntary Protection Program award. Innovation and the introduction of new products continue to be one of the most important drivers of our growth. In fact, about 26 percent of our revenue last year came from products introduced in the past five years. Our research labs have generated an impressive output of innovative new products, and we plan on increasing our investment in Research and Development in 2006. We have much to be proud of in these results. At the same time, we have a great deal of opportunity and we are aggressively positioning ourselves to take the fullest advantage of it.

2

Integrating our businesses into one, unified Grace is perhaps one of our most important objectives. This effort, started in 2004, makes us stronger. By streamlining processes and sharing best practices across the company, we are better able to navigate the evolving business environment, better able to innovate, and better able to help our customers grow their businesses. We are continuing to extend our global footprint to better serve our customers wherever they do business. While we are well established in North America, Western Europe and other developed nations, emerging markets have a significant need for our products. In September, we opened our new Asian headquarters in Shanghai and a technical center, our third, in Beijing. Though we have had a presence in China since 1986 and have looked to Asia as a key market throughout our history, this is a significant investment in our global growth. And just before year's end, we expanded our operations in the Middle East with new leadership in the region and an agreement through our joint venture with Chevron Products Company (Advanced Refining Technologies) and the Kuwait Catalyst Company to manufacture specialized catalysts that help produce environmentally friendly fuels. The Middle East's dominance in the oil industry and its fast growing construction industry offer natural opportunities for our businesses. During the year our leadership team underwent changes. In May, Paul Norris stepped down as president and CEO, but remains as non-executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. Paul led Grace through a challenging environment. We will all miss his leadership, but we are pleased to have the benefit of his contributions.

On balance, we had a strong 2005 with more than our share of achievements. We still have, however, some persistent challenges in front of us. We were greatly disappointed when the U.S. Department of Justice indicted Grace and seven current and former employees for actions related to our former vermiculite operations in Libby, Montana. We will defend our company when the trial begins this September. Our Chapter 11 reorganization is progressing steadily. During the year, the court issued a number of important orders that established a process for estimating the value of our asbestos liabilities. This represents a significant step in our efforts to emerge from bankruptcy. In all that Grace faces today, we have not lost sight of the one thing that has carried us through the years. Creating the chemistry that helps our customers grow will always be at the center of everything we do. Around the world, there are 6,400 individuals working every day to ensure that our customers benefit from every interaction they have with Grace. I am extremely proud to be Grace's seventh CEO. It is a company with a long, distinguished history that continues to make significant contributions. We are working hard to be counted among the best in our industry in everything we do - operations, innovations and financial performance. We are investing in the tools and processes that will make us stronger. And we have the right people to get the job done. Sincerely,

Fred Festa President & CEO

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Amounts in millions, except per share data

2005
$2,569.5 $315.5
12.3%

2004
$2,259.9 $288.1 12.7% $179.3 7.9% $(402.3) $(6.11) 65.8 $313.0 $3,538.9 $4,160.7 $3,207.7 $(621.8)

2003
$1,980.5 $251.6 12.7% $148.7 7.5% $(55.2) $(0.84) 65.5 $110.8 $2,875.3 $3,039.1 $2,452.3 $(163.8)

NET SALES PRE-TAX INCOME FROM CORE OPERATIONS BEFORE INTEREST, TAXES, DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION
As a Percent of Sales

PRE-TAX INCOME FROM CORE OPERATIONS
As a Percent of Sales

$201.5 7.8% $67.3 $1.00 67.3 $54.2 $3,517.2 $4,112.5 $3,155.1 $(595.3)

NET INCOME (LOSS)
Diluted EPS

WEIGHTED AVERAGE DILUTED SHARES OUTSTANDING NET CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES TOTAL ASSETS TOTAL LIABILITIES LIABILITIES SUBJECT TO COMPROMISE
(A Subset of Total Liabilities)

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)

3

