  FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
It is impossible to discuss 2001 without beginning with the events of September 11. While our 13,000 people in the downtown New York area were unharmed and our facilities largely untouched, the stunning and savage attack on the World Trade Center, just a few blocks away from our headquarters, represented a formidable challenge in operational and human terms. We are proud to report that the people of Goldman Sachs, not just in New York but around the world, met this challenge with courage, resilience and initiative.
But even as our people worked tirelessly to keep Goldman Sachs up and running, they never forgot the human dimension of the September 11 tragedy. They reached out to provide comfort to those who had lost loved ones and friends in the attack. And together with the firm, they provided needed material assistance in the form
of more than $11 million in donations for the victims of this crime. In short, September 11 tested us as a firm and as individuals in a way we had never been
tested. And we emerged stronger than ever before. Our corporate culture had again proven its enduring value.
This year’s report focuses on the Business Principles and the core values that embody our culture: commitment to the client, teamwork, integrity, professional excellence and entrepreneurial spirit. These values not only serve our clients and shareholders; they also set us apart from other firms, making us the employer of choice in our industry.
• Our culture of teamwork allows us to pull together the best thinking from different parts of the firm and deliver integrated solutions to complex client problems.
• Our emphasis on integrity makes us a firm that individuals, corporations, institutions and governments can trust.
• Our commitment to professional excellence and a true meritocracy ensures that our clients receive the very best service that our industry can offer.
• Our focus on entrepreneurship means
that we are always searching for new ways to promote our customers’ interests.
Maintaining the Goldman Sachs culture is therefore a critical task. But it is not easy. Like any competitive edge, our cul- ture must be continually reinforced and adapted or it will atrophy. Though some were concerned that our decision to go public in 1999 would undermine our core values, we disagreed. We believe that our culture reflects much more than our ownership structure. Instead, it is the manifestation of the values that have been impressed upon us for years—constantly communicated from the top down—and the behavior and actions that are reinforced through our 360-degree performance reviews and rewarded through promotions, compensation and peer approval.
Our initial public offering, in fact, enhanced our culture by spreading ownership—and a personal stake in our success—throughout the firm. But our culture does face a challenge: our grow- ing size. It is far easier to inculcate and perpetuate core values in an organization of 5,000 people than it is in one of over
page 3
 
  22,000. The major task confronting us today—as it did in 1999 and will for the foreseeable future—is managing growth.
In the financial services industry, where people are absolutely critical, size can become the enemy of excellence. It is our job to make sure that this does not happen at Goldman Sachs, where our culture is a magnet for talent. This is because we offer outstanding people—high achievers—the opportunity to work with other outstand- ing people as part of a mutually support- ive team in a collaborative environment. Our people are motivated by job content, which has never been more interesting, and by working in a meritocracy where they are tested with great responsibility. They demand career development oppor- tunities and care deeply about the values that Goldman Sachs represents.
Our people want to make a difference. They see globalization as a force for good and are proud of the dynamic role that Goldman Sachs plays in shaping the world economy.
It is no easy task to maintain our culture in the face of great growth and change. To meet this challenge, in 1999 we initiated a multiyear process to adapt our culture to a large and growing global organization without becoming bureaucratic. As we became larger, we recognized that many of our processes—recruiting, mentoring, training, performance evaluation, career development—had to be reengineered.
In the “old days,” each business manager was his or her own Human Resources professional, and much of the training and career development was done on an
apprenticeship basis. This doesn’t work quite as well anymore. Over the last several years, we have made some
real progress in adapting our people- management capabilities to a larger organization in “Pine Street” (named after the address of the original Goldman Sachs headquarters).
• We are 12 months into a highly promising leadership development program for our Managing Directors, headed by the former Director of the G.E. Crotonville Executive Educational Program.
• We are doing a better job of continually communicating with our people on firmwide, divisional and business-unit levels.
• We have continued to strengthen our perfor- mance evaluations, mentoring and training programs throughout the firm.
• We have recently taken actions to intensify and strengthen a 21st century Diversity Program in the context of a global institution.
• We continue to expand our Community TeamWorks Program. This year, over 18,000 of our people around the world worked together in teams to give energy and creativity to nonprofit organizations in the communities in which they work.
These and other measures to manage our growth are ongoing. They are clearly only part of what must be a long-term, broad- based commitment to strengthening our culture. Making—and keeping—that commitment will be critical as we work toward our goal of becoming the world’s preeminent investment banking, securities and investment management company.
Of course, we recognize that a corporate culture is not an end in itself but a means to an end. It enables us to execute suc- cessfully a winning business strategy that results in extraordinary client service and
superior long-term financial performance for our shareholders. Like everyone in our industry, we faced considerable adversity in the form of difficult market conditions in 2001. We have noted in the past that we do not expect a predictable, stable pattern of quarter-over-quarter earnings increases. In fact, while we believe our business offers attractive long- term returns, 2001 provided an excellent reminder that fluctuating markets mean that our business will never have the stability of some other sectors.
We continually tell our people that although we cannot do anything to change the environment, we can strive
to outperform the competition and meet the high expectations of our clients. From that perspective, 2001 was a highly successful year. The quality of our people and culture, together with the strength and diversity of our businesses, was evident as we produced an 18% return on our tangible shareholders’ equity in one of the most challenging years in our industry’s history.
Investment Banking activity and revenues declined sharply for the industry. Our own results were no exception. The firm’s performance in this challenging environ- ment was, however, first-rate. We believe the quality of our client relationships and our leadership in the most important businesses have never been stronger.
For example, in 2001, we again were the number one advisor in merger transac- tions on a worldwide basis. We advised on 8 of the 10 largest transactions com- pleted during the year, more than any
page 4
 
  other firm. We also were the number
one global underwriter of initial public offerings and all common stock offerings. We think these results are a testament to the strength and quality of our franchise.
Within our Trading and Principal Investments business, Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities produced excellent results, increasing net revenues 35% by capitalizing on lower interest rates, increased volatility and strong cus- tomer demand. Performance was strong across a wide range of our businesses, including commodities, currencies, our credit-sensitive businesses and fixed income derivatives.
Net revenues declined in our equities business in a difficult environment with declining volatility and customer flow. Despite the challenging market, we
were very pleased with our progress in the integration of Spear, Leeds & Kellogg with our own capabilities to strengthen our leading position in equities markets.
Principal Investments had a very disap- pointing year, with significant mark- to-market losses, principally in our high technology and telecommunications investments. Overall, however, we con- tinue to believe that our merchant bank- ing activities are an excellent business for us. We see many attractive opportunities created by the volatility in the past year.
Asset Management and Securities Services produced another record year in 2001. Assets under management increased 19% to $351 billion. In 2001, we had record net inflows of $67 billion of new client assets. These very strong results demon-
strate the value created through a diverse, multi-product global platform. We also continue to build our high-net-worth business and believe it is one of our most attractive growth opportunities.
As our industry has undergone dramatic consolidation over the last few years,
and as commercial banks have increas- ingly used low-priced credit as a competi- tive tool, some observers have asked,
“Is Goldman Sachs big enough?” To be frank, we believe that this is the wrong question, particularly for a global firm with over 22,000 people, $18 billion in equity capital, and a $300 billion balance sheet. Capital has never been a limiting factor for us.
The right question — and the one we ask ourselves constantly — is, “Can we con- tinue to manage growth by adapting our culture to a large and increasingly com- plex global company?” This, and not the size of competitors, will be the key to our continuing ability to execute our strategy superbly, which is the ultimate determi- nant of our success.
We face a big challenge, but we are
up to it. We wouldn’t trade places with any of our competitors, whatever their size or business model. Despite the uncertainties of the current market envi- ronment, we remain bullish about the future. We operate at the “sweet spot” of global capitalism.
We believe that the trends that have created opportunities for us in the past— globalization, deregulation, consolidation and market-driven reform—will continue to do so in the future. But we know that
our ultimate success will depend upon a constant commitment to the core cultural values that allow us to execute success- fully our corporate strategy and to attract the very best of the best in the world of finance. We have made that commitment and intend to adhere resolutely to it in 2002 and the years that follow.
We owe you, our shareholders, no less.
Henry M. Paulson, Jr.
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
John A. Thain
President and
Co-Chief Operating Officer
John L. Thornton
President and
Co-Chief Operating Officer
   Source of market share information: Thomson Financial Securities Data — January 1, 2001 through December 31, 2001.
page 5
 