goldman sachs 2008 annual report / 1
 fellow shareholders:
When we wrote to you last, a relatively healthy market environment in the first half of 2007 had given way to a much more challenging one, marked by significant volatility for the remainder of the year. Since that time, global financial markets have been buffeted by a series of extraordinary and tumultuous events. Most acutely this past fall, a global contagion of fear and panic choked off the arteries of finance, compounding a broader deterioration of the global economy.
Global equity markets were down anywhere from 30% to 60% in 2008. Credit markets became virtually frozen. Several major financial institutions were either stabilized by their governments, the private sector or filed for bankruptcy. Hundreds of thousands of people lost their jobs, over $1 trillion in credit-related losses were recorded, and nearly $30 trillion in market value was wiped out in a matter of months.
All of us, in one way or another, have been humbled by these events. It is a truism that markets are cyclical, that years of optimism and prosperity can be quickly undone by pessimism and uncertainty. But this time, the drivers and the consequences are broader in scope and much more intense in effect.
As we have said in our previous letters, we have always seen it as our responsibility as leaders of Goldman Sachs to ensure that the firm is prepared to deal with adverse conditions— so that we are able to mitigate the downside and, if possible, position the firm to take advantage of the opportunities presented by improving markets. While recent markets have tested our firm like few other times in our 140-year history, we are pleased to report that we not only remained profitable in 2008, but also our culture, client franchise and strategy have proven extremely resilient.
In a very challenging environment, net revenues fell 52% to $22.2 billion and net earnings decreased 80% to $2.3 billion. Diluted earnings per common share were $4.47 and our return on average common shareholders’ equity was 4.9%. We grew book value per share during 2008 and, since our IPO, it has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 19%.
In this year’s letter, we would like to address some of the implications of recent events for Goldman Sachs and for our industry. We will also discuss how our integrated business model, diverse revenue mix and intense focus on risk management position us favorably going forward. Finally, we will talk about how the resiliency of our culture and focus on our clients will continue to be the strongest catalysts for our long-term success.
A History of Adaptation
As we confront today’s challenges, we have not lost sight
of the fact that many of the most important opportunities— and successes—in Goldman Sachs’ history came about during times of stress.
During the Asian crisis at the end of the last decade, we made several significant investments in consumer and real estate assets. After the dislocation that followed Long Term Capital Management’s problems in 1998, we increased our fixed income market share. Following the telecom and technology bubble, we built up our private equity and mezzanine investments. After the failure of Enron when capital was scarce in the power sector, we invested in power plants, resulting in recurring trading revenues as well as gains
from restructuring power contracts. In each instance, Goldman Sachs was able to identify opportunities during times of market dislocation.
In this same vein, we have proven our ability to adapt our own structure, time and again, to meet rapidly shifting market conditions. In the last two decades, we have taken dramatic steps to transform ourselves to best serve the needs of our clients in the face of formidable circumstances.
When a stable capital base and increased funding diversification became necessary, we converted from a private partnership to a publicly traded company. When scale became critical, we transformed ourselves from a relatively small firm to a Fortune 100 company. When our clients demanded a more integrated approach, we realigned and grew the firm to become a comprehensive source of advice, financing and co-investment, providing clients the wherewithal to realize their goals.
And, as markets opened up and growth accelerated around the world, we expanded from being mainly a U.S.-based firm to a truly global organization.
In every instance, questions about our strategy were raised, but our franchise and culture emerged stronger, primarily because we never lost sight of the importance of developing and maintaining strong client relationships and responding to structural market developments.
Bank Holding Company
Continuing this track record of responsiveness, in 2008, we became a bank holding company (BHC). This was done to allow Goldman Sachs to address market perceptions that placed a premium on the value of oversight by the Federal Reserve Board and to be able to access a broader set of funding alternatives.
In our decision, we saw nothing about becoming a BHC that would fundamentally detract from our core mission of

2 / goldman sachs 2008 annual report
 growing our franchise as a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm.
To this point, many bank holding companies have core competencies that focus on a particular subset of financial services, whether commercial banking, private or personal banking, trust and custodial banking, asset management or others. At Goldman Sachs, our core competencies will remain in the services and products that we have long provided to our largely institutional client base as an advisor, financier, market maker, asset manager and co-investor.
As part of our transition to a BHC, we expanded Goldman Sachs Bank USA. At the end of 2008, it held approximately $150 billion in assets. Heading into 2009, we will look to further diversify our funding base by growing the bank’s deposits organically through our private wealth management business, third-party distribution and through the acquisition of deposits. Other creative ideas, like the innovative way we were able to increase our lending capacity in 2002 through the creation of our William Street program, are also under consideration.
Capital Purchase Program
Goldman Sachs received an investment of $10 billion as a participant in the U.S. Treasury’s TARP Capital Purchase Program to help promote the broader stability of the financial system. This capital, combined with the $10.75 billion of capital we raised three weeks before receiving the TARP funds, gives us an even stronger balance sheet and increases our ability to extend capital to our clients and to inject liquidity across markets. We take our responsibility as a recipient of TARP capital very seriously and recognize the important role this and the other government actions play in the underlying stability of the system.
We appreciate that the TARP funds were never intended to be permanent capital. When conditions allow, and with the support of our regulators and the U.S. Treasury, we look forward to paying back the U.S. government’s investment so that money can be used elsewhere to support our economy.
The Deleveraging Cycle
It is important to consider where we are in terms of the deleveraging cycle.
We believe that the housing-led downturn has at least five distinct elements. The first was the U.S. residential mortgage crisis. We outperformed here because of our reluctance to enter the retail mortgage origination business and our active management of risk exposures.
The next was related to the broader credit markets. Given our leading M&A franchise, we had a large number of leveraged loans. As market conditions deteriorated, we suffered losses in our loan portfolio. But, we monitored our exposure carefully and reduced it aggressively.
The third aspect has been the pressure on global equity
markets and other assets. Since co-investment is integral to our strategy, and we mark all our assets to market, we were naturally exposed to significant market swings in equity and other asset classes. However, we manage our co-investments for the longer-term and have a track record of outperforming the market through the cycle.
Commercial real estate is also undergoing stress as the
ability to securitize commercial real estate mortgages remains constricted and vacancy rates are increasing. While we experienced losses in our portfolio of commercial real estate assets, we have reduced our exposure to this sector over the past year.
The next—and we hope the final phase—is the consumer credit cycle. Here, Goldman Sachs has no direct material exposures to credit cards, auto loans, home equity loans or other consumer loans.
Diverse Global Client Franchise Businesses
In the midst of change, certain attributes of Goldman Sachs will remain uncompromised, no matter how the marketplace evolves. Chief among these is our commitment to a balanced, well-diversified revenue stream across our global franchise, with an emphasis on recurring fee-driven businesses.
In Investment Banking, while corporate activity levels across our core advisory and underwriting businesses declined in 2008, we retained our #1 ranking in announced global M&A. Our non-league table businesses, including private placements and rights offerings, rose significantly as a percentage of our equity underwriting revenues. And, through our roles as advisor and risk manager, we were able to provide effective risk management solutions to corporate clients.
In our securities sales and trading businesses, despite significant weakness in the fourth quarter, we were profitable for the full year thanks, in large part, to our diverse set of global businesses.
In Fixed Income, Currencies and Commodities, our macro businesses, including currencies, interest rates and commodities generated strong, and in some cases, record net revenues, offsetting asset price pressures and related losses in credit and mortgages. Equities produced its second best annual net revenues despite the declines in global equity markets and losses in our principal strategies business. High levels of client activity drove significant opportunities across cash trading and derivatives for the year.
Our principal investing business experienced a particularly difficult year, given the significant decline in equity values. But the quality of our portfolio has allowed us to perform better than recent equity market declines would suggest. In our real estate principal investing business, weakening fundamentals could impact valuations further in the near term. However, we are confident of our ability to outperform over the cycle.

goldman sachs 2008 annual report / 3
 Our asset management business is one of our most diverse businesses, by both product offering and geography. We will continue to leverage our long-term track record and our robust distribution relationships to grow assets under management.
Our private wealth management business presents a particularly interesting opportunity. Within this business, we continue to provide our advisors with access to the best intellectual capital Goldman Sachs has to offer. We are building this platform into a full-service wealth advisory business with private banking, trust services and wealth planning businesses.
Securities Services has undergone significant changes over the past six months given the evolution in the hedge fund industry. We have rigorously managed this business through a very difficult year and ended up posting record results. While we expect assets under management for the industry as a whole to decline in 2009 as a result of performance issues and redemptions, prime brokerage remains core to our franchise and we are further refining our model to reflect the changed landscape. We remain a market leader and our deep client relationships, extensive securities lending capacity and advanced technology will continue to drive a solid revenue opportunity for the firm.
Strengthening Our Balance Sheet
A key factor contributing to our relative strength has been our focus on risk management.
We have long believed that the only way to remove risk in its entirety—and without introducing other exposures—is through a sale. Without the commitment to sell assets throughout
the year, regardless of the fact that many market participants believed that the prices available were at distressed levels, our performance would have been materially weaker. We are also less susceptible to future losses from declining value in the same asset classes.
During the fourth quarter alone, we reduced our balance sheet by nearly 20%. This was a broad-based reduction— and was not concentrated on liquid, lower risk assets. This reduction, combined with almost $21 billion in new capital, resulted in an over 40% decline in adjusted and gross leverage ratios. And, our Tier 1 Ratio increased from 10.8% at the end of the second quarter of 2008 to 15.6%* at the end of the year. In addition, we grew our pool of excess liquidity to an average of $111 billion during the fourth quarter.
Given the elevated level of risk-adjusted capital, lower legacy exposures, and immaterial direct consumer exposure, we believe that we are well-positioned to deal with the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead.
The Lessons from 2008
Risk management will come to define the events of 2008 and beyond. Our firm certainly didn’t get everything right and
*See“Financial Information—Management’s Discussion and Analysis—Equity Capital— Consolidated Capital Requirements” for further information regarding our Tier 1 Ratio.
there are some decisions we would prefer to take back, but how we dealt with potentially large exposures, our fair value accounting discipline and the independence of our risk management function were reinforcing for the firm in 2008.
First, we sought to ensure that our exposures weren’t outsized in the first place, and worked to reduce such exposures whenever it was possible and made sense to do so.
Second, we have heard some argue that fair value accounting— which assigns current market values to financial assets and liabilities—is one of the major reasons for exacerbating the credit crisis. We see it differently. The proper valuation of assets and liabilities, of positions and commitments, is essential if risk is to be managed effectively.
For Goldman Sachs, the daily marking of positions to current market prices was a key contributor to our decision to reduce risk relatively early in markets and in instruments that were deteriorating. This process can be difficult, and sometimes painful, but we believe it is a discipline that should define financial institutions.
Lastly, we place great importance in the independence of risk and control functions. Just as important, risk managers have at least equal stature with their counterparts in producing divisions. If there is a question about a mark or a disagreement about a risk limit, the risk manager’s view prevails.
The Strength of Our Culture
2008 was a trying time for our people—for individuals whose careers have spanned decades and for those who joined recently and found themselves facing one of the most difficult periods in the history of our industry.
Over the course of the year, both of us made it a point to spend more time walking the floors. Our people, junior to senior, were not hesitant to offer their insights, thoughts and ideas. Our people care deeply about the firm and exhibit a real sense of ownership. They know that clients are contending with difficult economic and financial pressures and, through it all, our people maintained a rigorous client focus. We have never been prouder to be a part of this team.
In markets such as these, it would be easy to get locked into short-term thinking. Yet, the opposite happened. Late into the year, we announced our new class of Managing Directors and Partners. Some could have suggested that we delay our process given the significant amount of time and effort that goes into it. Instead, during the most difficult days, our people across every division and region made time to think about the next generation of leadership at Goldman Sachs.
As in previous periods of difficulty, such times produce strong leaders. Nothing validates our culture more than identifying people who question, probe and assert their views up and down the firm.

Moments such as these test a firm’s culture. But an ethos of teamwork, integrity, excellence and partnership continues to be the lifeblood of Goldman Sachs.
Over the course of his career, Jon Winkelried made exceptional contributions to our firm and our culture. He ran many of our most important businesses, helped strengthen our global client franchise and mentored many of Goldman Sachs’ leaders. After 26 years at the firm, Jon has decided to retire. We thank him for his service to Goldman Sachs.
10,000 Women
Nothing speaks to the firm’s value system more than our global initiative 10,000 Women. In March, we announced we would commit $100 million over five years to provide a business and management education to 10,000 underserved women around the world.
We are doing this by creating partnerships between a global network of universities and NGOs. For instance, schools are working together to establish or expand certificate programs ranging from five weeks to six months that include such courses as marketing, accounting, market research, writing a business plan, strategic planning, accessing capital and e-commerce. These innovative certificate programs are pragmatic, flexible, and shorter term, and will help open doors for thousands of women whose financial and practical circumstances would normally prevent them from receiving a traditional business education.
By the end of 2008, the firm announced 32 academic partnerships aimed at providing training to deserving women across Africa, Asia, the Middle East, Latin America and the United States.
An example from the already established partnerships include the Wharton School of Management and the American University in Cairo creating a certificate program on leadership management skills for 500 women. Another is the University of Michigan and the School of Finance and Banking in Rwanda training 300 women in a six-month certificate in business and entrepreneurship. And, we are working with Mills College in California, which offers one of only two MBA programs
in the country designed specifically for women, to provide full tuition and mentoring for women who have excelled academically but are not able to complete their degree without financial assistance.
In October, the first 25 of the 10,000 Women scholars graduated from a certificate course in entrepreneurial management at the Pan African University in Lagos, Nigeria.
As is the case with all of the 10,000 Women partnerships, the people of Goldman Sachs are serving as mentors. Through an online mentoring program, our people—often after work and on weekends—are engaging the first classes of scholarship recipients. In addition, our people are providing in-person mentoring and guest lecturing.
Looking Ahead
While recent troubles have more than secured their place
in history, we should not forget that there have been several formidable market dislocations in the last 100 years. As long as human emotions influence decision-making and we grapple with the inherent tension between the spirit of innovation and the comfort of stability, this won’t be the last financial crisis with which the world will have to contend.
We recognize our obligation to the broader financial system. The financial services industry has much to do to regain
the public’s trust and to help restore stability and vitality to our financial system. Goldman Sachs is committed to playing a constructive role as policymakers consider significant regulatory reform.
We remain intent on having a strong presence in high-growth markets around the world. While growth rates have slowed, we continue to see important opportunities in a number of emerging economies, and we believe that our on-the-ground presence and local expertise bodes well for our prospects there.
We have cultivated an extraordinary client franchise. We have broad and deep businesses across the globe. We have proven our ability to grow across a range of different environments. And most importantly, we have recruited and retained generations of talented and dedicated people who thrive on adapting to the market, meeting challenges and producing positive results for our clients.
The year ahead will bring with it a rapidly shifting and demanding environment. Our mandate is to grow our business through our core strengths as an advisor, financier, market maker, asset manager and co-investor. The integration of that model and strategy is a powerful and unique one.
We believe that Goldman Sachs is well-positioned to realize the very significant near- and longer term market opportunities available and, as a result, to produce industry-leading returns for our shareholders over the cycle.
LLOYD C. BLANKFEIN
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
GARY D. COHN
President and Chief Operating Officer
4 / goldman sachs 2008 annual report
   