TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 Looking back at a year of both accomplish- ments and disappointments, we can report that at the end of 2001, Goodyear is much better posi- tioned to compete and prosper than it was just one year ago. We are ready for the economic rebound.
Challenged by a multi-national recession similar to that experienced in the early 1970s and weak tire demand in much of the world, our sales declined in 2001. High raw materials costs, curren- cy exchange rates, and actions to curtail produc- tion and reduce inventories greatly impacted our bottom line.
Because of the economic conditions, we intensified our focus on liquidity in the second half. Our efforts were successful. We generated $475 million in cash flow during the year. It will be applied to debt reduction. We ended 2001 with almost $1 billion in cash on hand.
The bottom line result was a disappointing loss. Many steps were taken by our associates dur- ing 2001 to return our earnings to more historical levels. We expect the company will return to prof- itability in 2002.
THE KEYS TO PROFIT IMPROVEMENT
A key factor to improved earnings is achiev- ing higher revenue per tire. During 2001, we increased tire prices in markets around the world. In North America, the world’s largest market, we
increased prices for consumer replacement tires three times for a total of more than 10 percent.
Another factor is improving our product mix. We intend to grow our more-profitable replacement market business, while exiting some low-margin original equipment business.
The next opportunity is the position of our premium brands. We gained market share with the Goodyear brand in 2001. We expect this trend to continue as consumers’ “flight to quality” acceler- ates in 2002.
During 2002, we plan to launch new market- ing campaigns to re-introduce the Dunlop brand in North America. Capitalizing on the brand’s European heritage and prestige original equipment fitments, we will reinforce Dunlop’s position as a tire offering superior performance to passionate drivers. We expect to realize higher awareness of the brand and, obviously, increased sales, market share and profitability.
We will target our resources to better market our Goodyear, Dunlop and Kelly brands in North America and the Goodyear, Dunlop, Fulda and Pneumant brands in the European Union. To accomplish this, we are discontinuing almost 30 minor brands from our portfolio. We intend to retain the more-profitable portion of this volume with our other, better-known, tire brands.
GOODYEAR 2001 –2–

 Within these brands, we are concentrating on higher-margin SUV and performance tire segments.
Our tire businesses in North America and Europe have realigned them-
selves into units that focus on
a single group of end users:
replacement consumer tires, original equipment tires, com- mercial tire systems and farm tires. Each of these units con- trols the resources needed to understand the requirements of their customers and to develop, design, manufacture, market and sell the tires to sat- isfy them. We anticipate that this new organization will increase the speed of our response to market changes and lead to improved results.
Already visible is the
renewed vitality this accounta-
bility is giving our commercial
tire systems groups. While this
business – which includes new tires, retreads and truck service – is presently near the bottom of an extended down cycle, the products and services we provide offer highly attractive profit margins. We
have plans to offer several new and innovative prod- ucts and services to move past our competitors as market conditions improve.
Our Engineered Products business has simpli- fied its organization to bring each associate closer to the customer. Decision making is becoming faster. Several new products are proving popular with customers.
Goodyear Chemical is re-focusing on its core basic and high-performance poly- mers and adhesives businesses following the sale of its spe- cialty chemicals operation in December. A Six Sigma process will increase its pro- ductivity and effectiveness.
UNPRECEDENTED SUPPLY FLEXIBILITY
While disruptive during 2001, significant changes made to our manufactur-
ing and supply chain operations have given us unprecedented flexibility to quickly – and cost-effectively – increase or decrease capacity as
GOODYEAR 2001 –3–
 SAMIR G
CHAIRMAN & CHIEF
ROBERT J
PRESIDENT & CHIEF
. GIBARA
EXECUTIVE OFFICER
. KEEGAN
OPERATING OFFICER
   
 market conditions dictate. Employment was reduced by about 10,000 during the year. We expect to eliminate another 3,500 positions during 2002.
Flexible manufacturing capacity will be espe- cially important during 2002 as the prospects for economic recovery remain uncertain. We have taken a conservative view and are planning for slow, but steady, economic improvement through- out the year. Industry volumes, however, will likely be down from 2001.
Coupled with this new manufacturing flexi- bility, we reduced worldwide inventories by almost $500 million during the year without any detri- mental impact on customer service and supply.
Our manufacturing plants are much more efficient. Tire output per associate is up more than 20 percent from just two years ago. This increased productivity and Web-based information technolo- gy systems are making it possible to better forecast market demand and plan production to meet it.
The implementation of “IMPACT,” our auto- mated tire manufacturing process, continues. It will be fully in place in all of our worldwide commer- cial truck tire facilities by 2004 and is the center- piece of the proposed $125 million modernization of our Lawton, Oklahoma, tire plant.
Recognizing their long-term value to the organization, we moved forward with these strate-
gies despite the economic upheaval in 2001. We also completed several rationalization programs and the integration of our Dunlop tire businesses.
Work continues to shift our supply of low- margin products to low-cost facilities in Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America. Some produc- tion – not requiring advanced manufacturing tech- nology – could be outsourced. Our higher-cost, high-tech manufacturing base in North America and the European Union is best suited to produce highly engineered, high-margin products.
These actions will enable us to lower the company’s break-even point, freeing working capital and reducing debt. We intend to further reduce debt in 2002.
BREAKTHROUGH MARKET-DRIVEN CHANGE
Sometimes market leaders are slightly ahead of their time. That was the case with our run-flat tires. Interest has been high, but sales did not meet our expectations. This is starting to change.
Today, premier tire brands such as Goodyear and Dunlop are gaining customers. The United States government will require tire pressure moni- toring systems in new vehicles beginning in 2003. And, in a nationwide survey, seven out of eight consumers place run-flat tires at the top of their list
GOODYEAR 2001 –4–

 of desired new-car safety features. The European car industry is also rapidly introducing low-tire- pressure warning devices.
The era of the run-flat tire, led by Goodyear, has arrived.
Goodyear is the world’s leading manufacturer of run-flat tires. We expect to have shipped more than one million units by the end of 2002. We are currently supplying DaimlerChrysler, BMW and General Motors. Automakers worldwide are testing our tires in 50 different projects.
The same market-driven attention given run-flat tires is being applied in other areas of
our business. Associates across Goodyear are focusing on providing superior consumer value, converting satisfaction to loyalty and anticipating competitors’ moves.
MANAGEMENT TEAM REJUVENATION
Goodyear continues to revitalize its manage- ment team, as many of our senior leaders retired during 2001. A new generation of leaders – younger and more diverse, some joining us from other organizations – have ably stepped forward and taken on larger responsibilities.
In 1997, only two of our officers were age 50 or younger – today, there are ten. Almost 75 per-
cent of our officers in 1997 had 30 or more years of service with the company – today, just 40 percent do.
MEETING CHALLENGES
Despite the disappointments of 2001, we cannot lose sight of the accomplishments achieved by Goodyear associates during the year. Faced with difficult challenges, they called upon the creative strength of our organization and found the solu- tions that have positioned Goodyear extremely well for the economic recovery.
With the continued support of our share- holders, our customers and a team of the best peo- ple in our industry, we are extremely confident of Goodyear’s future success.
Respectfully submitted,
Samir G. Gibara
CHAIRMAN & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Robert J. Keegan
PRESIDENT & CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
  GOODYEAR 2001 –5–
