 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 T
  ROBERT J. KEEGAN
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President
  he year 2007 was an excellent year for Goodyear.
Like pieces of a puzzle, our commitment to Innovation and Speed
was integrated successfully with our strategic growth platforms. We are quite simply passionate about innovation and speed of execution. Our associates are innovating across every facet of our business, not just the new product stream. They do so at a pace today that was previously unknown in our company and in our industry.
In 2007, this focus helped us to reveal both a clear view of our future success and a new, fast-paced and agile Goodyear.
Despite the economic uncertainty that confronts us in 2008, we are confident that Goodyear is well positioned. Why?
• First, our company’s product, brand and customer mix has become consider-
ably richer. We are more focused on the premium segments of the global tire
market, which have relatively inelastic pricing dynamics.
• Second, our balance sheet has improved dramatically, driven by strong execu-
tion against our Capital Structure Improvement Plan. Our total debt and lega- cy obligations, which peaked at more than $12 billion in 2006, are expected to fall to about half that in 2008, given our announced debt repayments and our funding of the VEBA trust. That is certainly dramatic. Once approved by the court and funded, the VEBA trust, which is intended to provide healthcare benefits for our North American United Steelworker retirees, will result in $1.2 billion in liabilities being taken off our balance sheet.
• Third, we have made dramatic improvements in our fixed cost structure. Since 2004, Goodyear has reduced global capacity by more than 25 million units and closed six tire manufacturing plants around the world.
We are diligent in our contingency planning relative to economic conditions. However, the improvements we have made in our go-to-market model, our cost structure and our balance sheet give us confidence that we are well positioned to continue to improve our targeted market initiatives and financial performance.
In last year’s Annual Report, we showed a chart illustrating that Goodyear’s market capitalization had increased $3.8 billion since 2003. Our 2007 stock per- formance improved an additional 34.4 percent from $20.99 at year-end 2006 to $28.22 at year-end 2007. That performance plus our capital structure initiatives added an additional $3 billion in market capitalization.
I would now like to share our 2007 performance highlights and our progress against our Five Strategic Business Platforms.
 2 | THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY 2007

 2007 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
  2007 STRATEGIC PROGRESS
  • Our revenue from continuing operations grew 5 percent to a record $19.6 bil- lion, despite challenging industry conditions in several key geographies and our strategic decision to exit low-margin businesses.
• Revenue per tire grew 8 percent, driven by a richer business mix, as well as our pricing actions.
• Gross margin was 19.0 percent versus 16.1 percent in 2006, a significant improvement even after adjusting for the strike impact.
• Total segment operating income grew 24 percent when adjusted for the esti- mated strike impact of $313 million, and reached 6.4 percent of sales, com- pared with 5.4 percent the prior year. Year-over-year improvements were gen- erated by all five of our strategic business units.
• Our businesses in Eastern Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific continued their very strong performance in 2007. In aggregate those three businesses’ sales increased 15 percent, segment operating income rose 20 percent and return on sales reached 15 percent. The strategic decision we made five years ago to invest significantly in growing our business in these emerging markets continues to pay dividends.
• When adjusted for the strike impact, North American Tire reported its highest full-year segment operating income since the year 2000.
• Robust demand for our premium products has resulted in supply constraints in many of our markets. As a result, we are accelerating planned investments to increase our capacity to produce high-value-added tires and thereby increase our margins.
• We made significant progress against our 4 Point Cost Savings Plan introduced in September 2005, and are on track to achieve the targeted $1.8 billion to $2 billion of overall cost savings by the end of 2009.
We remain committed to achieving 8 percent segment operating income return
on sales globally, a 5 percent segment operating income return on sales in North America and 2.5X debt to EBITDA.
Our progress in 2007 was a function of outstanding execution against our five strategic business platforms that we identified in last year’s Annual Report:
 THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY 2007 | 3

 TOP-LINE GROWTH
 Our ability to generate top-line growth is underpinned by our Product Leadership Strategy. We focus our new product engine on increasing our mix of high-value- added tires. The introduction of impactful new products to our portfolio raised the bar again in 2007.
The Goodyear Eagle F1 Asymmetric and the Goodyear Eagle F1 All-Season tires are two innovative new products that have been very well received in the marketplace and have won prestigious awards. The European-designed and produced Eagle F1 Asymmetric was chosen #1 in the all-important European independent magazine testing by EVO and Autocar, while the U.S.-produced Eagle F1 All-Season was named the overall winner in independent testing done by respected retailer The Tire Rack.
The best new product engine in our industry continues to get better as we launch several exciting new products early in 2008, including consumer tires that meet the individual needs of the “everyday driver” and the driving enthusiast who is looking for high performance. For our commercial truck customers we have new products and services that successfully differentiate Goodyear in the minds of end-users. Our Duraseal Technology is the industry’s first self-sealing commercial tire. With durable steel sidewalls and steel-belts, ArmorMax Technology is target- ed for light duty service trucks that must be on the road constantly. And our Fleet HQ Solutions Center is a 24-hour, seven-day-a-week call center in North America that keeps fleets moving with prompt service via a computerized database and mapping system.
Our innovative marketing capabilities are not limited to launching new prod- ucts and services. During 2008, we will continue to leverage the success of our “Get There” advertising campaign that tested in the top 5 percent of market researcher Millward Brown’s advertising effectiveness testing history. The campaign was a major contributor to the Goodyear brand growing two times the market rate in North America during 2007. At the Beijing Olympics we will utilize a combina- tion of high-profile ads and in-program product messages as part of our “aerial coverage brought to you by Goodyear” sponsorship to extend the value of our advertising spend.
Our innovative new products, targeted advertising campaigns and overall improved marketing capabilities will continue to grow our share in strategically targeted market segments around the globe.
To complement these marketing initiatives Goodyear has been focusing its investments to increase our capacity to produce high-value-added tires by 40 percent and to increase our capacity in low-cost countries by 33 percent by 2012. Based on the strong demand for our new products and our progress in executing in our plants (where we increased our high-value-added capacity by 15 percent in 2007) we are adjusting our high-value-added objective to a 50 percent increase. We also continue to evaluate potential new factory sites in Eastern Europe and Asia.
   4 | THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY 2007

 STEP-CHANGE IMPROVEMENT IN COST STRUCTURE
 BALANCE SHEET IMPROVEMENT
We made significant progress against our 4 Point Cost Savings Plan with the initiatives we implemented during 2007.
• We signed a milestone contract with the United Steelworkers, including the
proposed VEBA trust, which will result in a step-change improvement in the
cost structure of our North American Tire business.
• We ceased tire production in two North American plants, Tyler, Texas, and
Valleyfield, Quebec, which reduced high-cost capacity by approximately 16 million units and will result in annualized cost savings of approximately $90 million.
• We announced changes to the retirement benefits for our salaried workforce, resulting in annual savings of $80 million to $90 million in our legacy costs. These actions, along with many others, have contributed to our progress
against the cost savings goal we have shared with you. Through 2007, two years into our plan, we have achieved gross cost savings of more than $1 billion toward our target of $1.8 billion to $2.0 billion by the end of 2009. We are clearly on track to achieve our goal. Our associates continue to find new and innovative ways to reduce our cost structure and have fully embraced the idea of continuous improvement.
Our equity offering and the sale of the Engineered Products business marked the completion of the Capital Structure Improvement Plan that we developed in 2003. We have clearly made significant progress in de-levering our balance sheet. During the fourth quarter, we completed the conversion of nearly $350 million of 4% convertible notes into equity. We ended 2007 with a total debt balance that was $2.5 billion lower than where we started the year.
Of course our focus on improving our balance sheet continues in 2008. In February, we announced our intention to repay $650 million of senior secured notes in early March. This was a milestone, as this was our highest cost debt and the last remaining debt from the company’s near-distressed period back in 2003- 2004. Annualized interest expense savings from this debt repayment will total $75 million to $80 million.
In addition to debt repayments, we’ve focused on reducing our legacy obliga- tions. The aggregation of our debt and legacy obligations, which totaled more than $12 billion in 2006, now stands at less than $8 billion and should be less than $6 billion at year-end 2008.
 THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY 2007 | 5

 FOCUS ON CORE BUSINESSES
 FOCUS ON SPEED
  A LOOK AHEAD
 Respectively submitted,
Robert J. Keegan
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President
  During 2007, we made significant changes that enable us to increase our focus on our core businesses, consumer and commercial tires:
• We completed the sale of the Engineered Products business at the end of July
2007, raising about $1.4 billion in net proceeds. Our timing could not have
been better.
• We completed the exit of certain segments of the wholesale private label tire
business in North America.
• In December, we sold substantially all of the assets of North American Tire’s
tire and wheel assembly operation, eliminating a non-core business with low margins and limited growth prospects for Goodyear.
As I indicated earlier, we continue to drive initiatives that will accelerate the pace of change at Goodyear. The accelerating pace at which we now launch high-impact new tires to address key market segments is an obvious example.
Another recent example: during the fourth quarter of 2007 we announced that effective in the first quarter 2008 we are creating a new regional business unit, Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), enabling faster decision making and open- ing up further cost efficiency opportunities to our previously separate European Union and Eastern European, Middle East and Africa (EEMEA) Regions.
Given the actions we have taken over the past several years, we are now able to quickly adapt to the changing dynamics of our industry. We look forward to cap- italizing on the changes our markets will present.
At the beginning of 2008, we got together with more than 2,000 of our largest North American customers in Dallas for our annual dealer conference. I shared with this group the degree of confidence that I had in the North American team.
I talked to hundreds of our dealers at that meeting, and I have never heard so many positive comments about our people and our programs. I left Dallas more energized than ever about the future of our business and our industry. I left Dallas with tremendous confidence in our dealers, and they left Dallas with that same level of confidence in us.
It was a watershed meeting from every perspective. Our customers have expe- rienced first-hand our transformation as a company over the past five years. They clearly believe in our strategy, our direction and our people. They believe that TOGETHER we can be an even more powerful force in this industry.
So, as we all look to the future, we should also reflect on 2007 with considerable satisfaction. I wish to extend my gratitude to all who contributed – our associates, dealers, board members, investors and, above all, our customers – to our historic year. We could not have put the pieces of the puzzle together without you.
6 | THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY 2007
