TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
As we have worked over the past four years to rebuild our company we have driven dramatic change through a series of strategic initiatives, courageous decisions and sound execution
over that timeframe.
I firmly believe that 2006 will be remembered as the
pivotal year in Goodyear’s strategic, operational and cultural transformation. Our sales were a record $20.3 billion and from the low point of our stock price in the first week of February 2003 to the closing price of the first week of February 2007, our market capitalization has increased by nearly $4 billion, or more than 600 percent. That is strong evidence that our intense focus on our Seven Strategic Drivers has created tremendous value for our shareholders. Our core Seven Strategies remain as follows:
• Leadership
• A focus on cash
• A lower cost structure
• Fully leveraging our distribution
network
• Building brand strength
• Product leadership
• Advantaged supply chain
Challenges
What I am perhaps most proud of in 2006 was the way we embraced a myriad of challenges and quickly converted them to opportunities. That’s what leaders do. In 2006, consider:
• We experienced unprecedented
increases in raw material costs. Our
price for natural rubber doubled during the year and remains at high levels. We also faced significant cost increases in our other raw materials including steel, synthetic rubber and other oil-based commodities. In total we saw our raw material costs rise by 17 percent, or well over $800 million.
• There was a reduction in industry growth, ranging from slow-downs in Latin America based on macro- economic weakness to the dramatic declines experienced in North America that were driven by the income squeeze on lower-middle income families resulting from higher gasoline and utility costs.
• Some of our major OE customers in North America were encountering their own set of challenges. As an outgrowth of higher fuel prices, reduced demand for SUVs and light trucks resulted in lower OE production volumes and tire needs.
• Finally, the fourth quarter strike in North America at 16 tire and engineered products facilities meant we had to go to extraordinary measures to protect our distribution channels while operating at about half our normal production.
Accomplishments
Despite the challenges of 2006, our team delivered several significant accomplishments:
• We continued our strong product leadership with the Goodyear Eagle ResponsEdge tire with Carbon Fiber technology recognized repeatedly for technical excellence, performance and consumer relevance. Our Dunlop SP Sport 5000 tire was recognized by the leading U.S. consumer magazine
as the top-rated product in its
category. We leveraged successful products such as Assurance from the U.S. and
Excellence from Europe to bolster our product lineup in emerging markets. And we introduced a timely commercial truck product offering with our fuel- efficient truck tire with Fuel Max technology.
    ROBERT J. KEEGAN
Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer & President
 2GOODYEAR 2006
  
 • A renewed focus on innovative marketing extended our messages about relevant technology to con- sumers through both traditional and emerging media. As an example, armed with research indicating that 60 percent of all tire buyers in the U.S. now start their buying process with internet research, we drove an internet marketing effort to provide information to these consumers to increase their awareness of our premium products and our dealers’ locations. We continued to integrate our fleet of Goodyear blimps into our advertising strategy at major televised
events globally with targeted product and technology messages. Our blimp activities extended well beyond North America with blimps operating for marketing and sales support in Brazil and China.
• With significant assistance from our new product
and marketing initiatives, we saw a 7 percent improvement in revenue per tire last year driven by strong pricing and product mix. This price and mix performance continued even as raw material costs softened somewhat in the fourth quarter. The benefit of strong marketing was reflected in our revenue, which grew in 2006 despite the impact of divestitures and strategic decisions to exit certain segments of the replacement market in North America.
•
•
•
We continued to achieve strong performance on our cost structure, delivering on our cost savings targets. Our continuous improvement initiatives delivered savings of nearly $300 million and we reduced our SAG costs by more than $100 million excluding the unfavorable currency impact.
Our emerging markets businesses in Eastern Europe, Latin America and Asia all delivered record earnings and revenues in 2006. These businesses, which total more than $4.5 billion in sales overall, experienced revenue growth of nearly 8 percent and segment operating income growth of 14 percent.
We emerged from the strike with the United Steelworkers with an agreement that is a powerful milestone for Goodyear and a critical step in our transformation. We were able to address our excess high cost capacity in North America with the agree- ment to close the Tyler, Texas, plant after December 31, 2007. We improved productivity in a measurable way through a new wage structure, benefit savings and improved production efficiencies. And we found a solution to retiree health care through a one-time $1 billion contribution to a Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association (VEBA) trust fund.When com- pleted the VEBA will completely remove the retiree
Goodyear Market Capitalization
STOCK PRICE
$3.8 billion of $4.4 value creation from February
2003 through 2007.
$ IN BILLIONS
$3.35 $9.50
$1.7
$0.6
$15.44 $15.64 $24.89
2003 2004
2005 2006
2007
$2.7
$2.8
GOODYEAR 20063

  health care obligation for both current and future USW retirees from Goodyear. Ultimately the contract provides the ability to achieve up to $610 million in cost savings through 2009 and $300 million a year in ongoing savings.
• Finally, we were proud of the way our dealers in North America rallied in support of our efforts during the strike. At our North American Tire dealer conference in early February I told our dealers that the outcome of the strike might have been much different if not for their loyalty and encouragement. Never before did we need to be aligned as fully and never before have we tested our relationship as fully. Our dealers’ behavior during this challenging time was professional, classy and created deep emotional bonds with our people at Goodyear.
Strong Business Platforms Created
The key result of our accomplishments in 2006 was the creation of strong business platforms to better position Goodyear for the future. I look at our business platforms entering 2007 as a combination of:
• Strength in Top Line Growth Capability
• Step Change Improvement in Cost Structure
• Stronger Balance Sheet and
• Tight Focus on Core Businesses
Top Line Growth
Our top line growth will be generated by price and volume increases and continually richer product, brand and customer mix, all supported by a continued stream of
new products, great marketing and an outstanding dealer network. Already in 2007 our robust new product engine has delivered with North American launches of the Goodyear Eagle F1 All-Season high performance tire and Wrangler SR-A SUV and Light Truck tire with WetTrac tech- nology. We also introduced the Dunlop SP Sport Signature passenger tire with HydroPaddle Technology and borrowed from our European business two outstanding Goodyear UltraGrip tires for the North American performance and SUV winter segments.
In Europe we launched a new Goodyear UltraGrip Extreme winter performance tire and a new Goodyear Eagle
F1 Asymmetric tire for the high performance segment. Two new Dunlop tires, the SP Sport FastResponse and the SP Sport Maxx GT, will be launched within weeks.
We introduced our new “Get There” advertising cam- paign, first to our North America dealers at our 2007 annual meeting, and then to consumers at the Daytona 500.“Get There” is an integrated mix of the iconic branding of the famous Goodyear blimps combined with strong branded product information reaching consumers with messages on relevant technology. Our dealers loved it, and we see “Get There” not only as a powerful integrated, branded marketing program, but as a whole new attitude for The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company.
Our continued progress in these areas is further evidence of our view that we are a marketing company and not simply an automotive supplier.
Cost Savings
In mid-2006, we raised our previous target established at our September 2005 investor meeting of eliminating between $750 million to $1 billion in cost by the end of 2008 to more than $1 billion. However, given our rapid progress to date, we are reevaluating that goal with a view toward an even more aggressive target.
These strong savings are in part driven by faster than expected progress on our manufacturing footprint. With our previously announced plans to discontinue tire production in Valleyfield, Quebec, close factories in Tyler, Texas; Washington, UK; Upper Hutt, New Zealand and Casablanca, Morocco, we will have reduced our excess high-cost global capacity by 21 million units, or more than 12 percent. This is an area where we will continue to take actions to assure we have capacity aligned with demand globally.
Stronger Balance Sheet
We set out four years ago to execute on a balance sheet improvement plan and are now at a stage where we can envision near-term achievement of our Capital Structure goal of 2.5 times debt to EBITDA. With the anticipated completion of the sale of our Engineered Products business and the benefit of an equity offering we believe we will have the capital to reduce debt from more than $6 billion today to levels consistent with our goal. Simultaneously we expect our
4GOODYEAR 2006
   
  unfunded pension obligations to drop to about $1.7 billion by year-end 2007 and our retiree healthcare obligation to drop to less than $800 million to reflect both our agreement with the USW and changes to our salaried benefit and pension plans announced this year.
Core Businesses
A further improvement in our future business platforms is a sharper focus on businesses and targeted market segments where we can grow profitably. We have taken the necessary actions to exit businesses where we could not successfully compete; for example, our farm tire business and certain segments of the private label tire business in North America along with our tire fabric business. These actions not only freed up capital but also will allow us to allocate resources much more efficiently going forward.
The Road Ahead
When you combine our core business focus with strong top line growth, a better cost structure and a stronger balance sheet, you have an organization that is capable of moving forward at a much quicker pace than anything you have seen from Goodyear to date. In the first few weeks of 2007 alone, we announced the elimination of tire produc- tion at Valleyfield; we closed our unprofitable operations
in Morocco; we signed a new five-year agreement with NASCAR; we introduced a host of impactful new products
in North America and Europe; we launched our new “Get There” advertising campaign; before the end of January we brought our North American factories back up to full pre- strike production; we repaid almost $1 billion of borrowings under our revolving credit lines; and we announced changes to our salaried benefit and pension plans.
With the business platforms we have created, and the pace at which we are executing, it is no longer about where we were. It is now about where we are – where we are going – and knowing precisely what it’s going to take for us to “Get There.”
Last year I mentioned that the road ahead for Goodyear was not paved with a new strategy. That remains true today. The strategic platforms that have proven successful remain in place. Our successful execution against these strategies will lead us to achievement of what we have called our next stage metrics.
Those metrics that we first discussed with investors in September 2005 include:
• An 8 percent SOI return on sales globally
• 5 percent SOI return on sales in our North American
Tire business and
• Improvement in our balance sheet so debt-to-EBITDA
does not exceed 2.5X
As I reaffirm my confidence in these goals, I do so with
the knowledge that the strong business platforms that we have created will drive our performance.
I am very proud of what the Goodyear team accom- plished in 2006. In a word, we were “innovative” in our approach. I would hope that as you look at Goodyear today, that is how you see us – as innovators not only of products and technology, but innovators throughout all aspects of our business. The market is presenting Goodyear with significant opportunities in 2007 and beyond. We plan to aggressively capitalize on those opportunities. While there are still plenty of challenges ahead, we now have a proven track record and much stronger business platforms than when our journey began.
Respectfully submitted,
Robert J. Keegan,
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President
 GOODYEAR 20065
   