    TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS,
As Goodyear and the rest of the world put the Great Recession behind
us, moving further into a global
economic recovery, I feel confident about the direction of the tire
industry, and even better about our direction as a company.
Our 2010 results demonstrate that we pulled the right levers during the economic downturn. We are well- positioned for the future growth opportunities presented by the recovery.
I am very pleased with our 2010 results, and not only because of our financial performance against the backdrop of historic high raw material costs. I am also very pleased with the changes — both operationally and culturally — that we are successfully driving in our business.
We have momentum. We are aligned in our objectives. And we are executing precisely against our plan.
While our earnings were not to our satisfaction, we had many highlights to our performance in 2010 including:
Total revenue of $18.8 billion, up 16 percent
from 2009
Unit volume of 181 million tires, up 8 percent Segment operating income of $917 million, up
21⁄2 times vs. 2009 as all of our businesses reported significant improvements
Revenue per tire up 6 percent for the year and an impressive 12 percent in the fourth quarter
Improved price/mix of $689 million that more than offset higher raw material costs, our fourth consecutive year of offsetting raw material costs Cost savings of $467 million, on track to achieve $1 billion over three years (2010-2012) Outstanding working capital performance, helping generate cash to fund investment in our business, and
North American Tire improved its segment operating income by $323 million and recorded positive earnings, an important step on its path to our next stage metric of 5 percent return on sales.
Demand for our products is strong. Volumes are growing on a path to pre-recession levels and our mix strategy is succeeding. Our plant capacity utilization is improving. Overall, we have benefitted from our ability to offer a strong value proposition with our premium award-winning products.
In 2010, we were also able to invest in our future growth as we had Capex near $1 billion, including about $400 million focused on profitable growth opportunities. Our investments support both capacity and capability improvements and are linked to our strategy of winning in our targeted market segments. Even with these significant investments, our cash flow was close to breakeven, thanks to our industry-leading working capital management, which reached new levels of efficiency in 2010. We are aggressively targeting further opportunities as our
“cash is king” philosophy is alive and well.
         “WE HAVE MOMENTUM.”
—2—
THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY | 2010 ANNUAL REPORT

    Looking into 2011, we remain optimistic that we will see 2010’s trends continue. We anticipate: emerging markets to remain strong, consumer and commercial markets to improve, car and truck production to increase, industry product supply to remain tight and no obvious relief in raw material price trends.
Our business plans reflect these perspectives, and I have confidence in our teams to successfully execute in this environment. We have a tremendous leadership team and continue to strengthen it at every opportunity, sharpening our alignment and our focus. Our success is directly correlated to having people on the team at all levels who make the right, courageous decisions
every day.
As I look ahead to delivering on our plan in this environment, the near-term challenges that will occupy my time and attention include:
Offsetting record high raw material costs with price/mix and material cost reduction and substitution programs — our track record here speaks for itself.
Driving our unparalleled innovation and new product engine to continue to produce award- winning and category-leading new products and services that delight our customers and end-users. Improving manufacturing efficiency through changing how we work in our factories and by getting increased operating leverage out of our existing equipment — which by definition means lower cost.
And building an advantaged supply chain that not only efficiently makes and delivers the right tires to our customers, but also lets us do so with a lower investment in inventory.
Needless to say I am encouraged about the improve- ments we can generate in each of these areas and recognize the challenges involved in achieving them. Execution will be essential ... and will be my focus.
I remain very optimistic about the transportation industry. Cars and wheels ... and consequently tires ... are going to be with us for a long, long time as there are no real alternatives to personal and commercial travel on the horizon.
We will continue to see existing drivers drive more, and are only beginning to experience the explosion of new vehicles in emerging markets such as China
and India.
Into the future, the industry will see larger percentage growth in the smaller, emerging markets and smaller percentage increases in larger, more-mature markets. Both, however, result in the opportunity for Goodyear
to see significant tire unit growth.
     RICHARD J. KRAMER CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & PRESIDENT
—3—
THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY | 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
 
    That growth will be concentrated in increasingly complex tires requiring more innovative technologies to support such trends as:
Improved rolling resistance
Tire performance captured by tire labeling, and Continually evolving OEM requirements.
When I think about those trends, I believe that Goodyear, with our brands, our global presence, our innovation and unmatched speed-to-market, our advantaged supply chain, our global distribution network and the quality of our teams will be second to none.
On behalf of the entire Goodyear team, I’d like to express my appreciation to Bob Keegan, who retired as chairman and CEO in 2010. Bob’s many contributions to the company, including developing the industry’s best new product engine, building an outstanding business team, reviving the Goodyear brand and restoring the Goodyear spirit have established a strong foundation to build upon with confidence and optimism.
I am honored that Bob and the board have the confidence in me to oversee one of the most recognized and trusted brands in the world. At the same time, I am excited about the opportunities the global tire industry is presenting us. Goodyear is well positioned to take advantage of those opportunities.
I also want to thank everyone who makes our success possible: our associates, our dealers, our customers, our suppliers, our directors and our shareholders.
Respectfully submitted,
Richard J. Kramer
CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & PRESIDENT
    “I FEEL CONFIDENT ABOUT THE DIRECTION OF THE TIRE INDUSTRY, AND EVEN BETTER ABOUT OUR DIRECTION AS A COMPANY.”
—4—
THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY | 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
 