 The Road Before Us
 To Our Shareholders,
As we look back upon what was arguably one of the most tumultuous and challenging periods in our business life- times, I will tell you that I have never been more proud of a leadership team, a company and a global network of dealers than I am of the people who work for and with The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company.
For businesses around the globe, 2009 – actually start- ing with the last several months of 2008 – was a time of extraordinary challenges as negative economic events unfolded in rapid-fire succession. As I prepare to hand over my president and chief executive officer duties to Rich Kramer and become your executive chairman, I can look back with pride at the way Goodyear’s leadership team, associates and customers responded to repeated challenges and delivered results beyond our expectations. It was clearly a matter of preparation meeting opportunity. Since the inception of our turnaround plan in 2003, we had been forced to re-evaluate everything about our com- pany – our cost structure, our brand strategy, our product development cycle and our manufacturing footprint – just to name a few. So when the recession arrived, we already had accomplished many things other companies were scrambling to do. We had calm, experienced leaders
who would not allow conditions beyond their control to distract them from implementing our customer-focused strategy.
In this letter, I will recount some of those significant accomplishments, but my focus will be on why I am confident ... why my team is confident ... that 2010 and well beyond will provide Goodyear with attractive
market opportunities and shareholders with increasing value. Yes, it is important to know where you’ve been but now more than ever we need our eyes intensely focused on The Road Before Us.
2009 Results
Admittedly, the recession had a significant impact on our financial results. For example:
• Total revenue was $16.3 billion, down from $19.5 billion in 2008. • Unit volume of 167 million units was down nearly 10 percent
versus the 185 million units from 2008, primarily due to lower
industry demand in North America and Europe.
• Segment operating income was $372 million compared to
$804 million in 2008.
However, successful initiatives in Top Line growth, Cost containment and Cash generation will sustain our positive momentum:
• For example, some might have considered it unwise
to initiate a series of the biggest product launches in company history amid such economic uncertainty in 2009. However, our leaders knew how important our new product engine was to our future growth. They listened to and understood what the market wanted. Therefore, they were confident and would not
be deterred. As a result, we sold more than one
million Goodyear Fuel Max tires in seven months –
a Goodyear record for a high-value-added tire. It was
a home run for us, and we now have produced and sold more than two million Fuel Max tires. We introduced
 2 The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company
2009
   
    Robert J. Keegan, chairman, chief executive officer & president (left),
and Richard J. Kramer, chief operating officer, discuss the company’s
new products at North American Tire’s recent dealer conference. Kramer will become the company’s chief executive officer & president on April 13, 2010.
a total of 62 tires worldwide in 2009 including the Goodyear EfficientGrip fuel efficient tire in Europe, which has also exceeded our sales expectations.
We knew that while consumers were attempting to reduce their expenses, those still in the market for tires placed greater emphasis on quality, value and innova- tion that met their specific needs. Our industry-leading Fuel Efficient technology and the “halo” those exciting new products created for our entire portfolio generated solid market share gains for the Goodyear brand in our targeted market segments in 2009. This represents one of the core reasons we are well positioned for 2010. At our recent North American dealer conference of nearly 3,000 customers and associates, I cautioned everyone not to underestimate the market’s appetite for fuel efficiency technology. We are the leader in fuel
efficiency technology today and we intend to maintain
that leadership.
• Our unparalleled new product engine continued to pro-
duce award-winning and category-leading products that delight our customers and end-users. Our market- oriented business model gives us a competitive advan- tage by understanding what the market wants and by consistently delivering new products to our geographic markets at unprecedented speed. It also has proved to be a catalyst for share gains and strong momentum in targeted segments.
• Improved price/mix of $207 million combined with lower raw material costs generated a net benefit of $322 million.
• We completed our four-point cost savings plan with $730 million in savings during 2009 – including
$190 million during the fourth quarter – by increasing continuous improvement efforts, lowering manufactur- ing costs, increasing purchasing savings, eliminating non-essential discretionary spending and reducing overhead and development costs. Savings achieved over the four years of the plan totaled $2.5 billion. Throughout the year we developed more aggressive cost and productivity initiatives, and we reached another breakthrough agreement with the United Steelworkers in North America. While we have completed the original four-point cost savings plan,
be assured that our work in this area will be an ongoing focus. Over the next three years we expect to cut gross costs by an additional $1 billion.
The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company 3

  • Our advantaged supply chain efforts have resulted in inventory levels more than $1 billion below the year- end 2008 level. We aggressively cut production to reduce inventory and accelerated our reduction of high-cost manufacturing capacity globally, closing our plant in the Philippines.
• Actions to reduce our working capital requirements and the completion of a $1 billion bond offering as soon as markets were accessible combined to improve Goodyear’s liquidity position and strengthen our balance sheet.
Today our strong market performance and our improv- ing financial position reflect the success of these Top Line, Cost and Cash initiatives. They further demonstrate the ongoing power of our strategies and the proven capabili- ties of our leadership team.
Looking Ahead
We have a high degree of confidence in both the future of the tire industry and our ability to be advantaged within it as we capitalize on the available, attractive market oppor- tunities. Goodyear is participating in an industry that will grow. Globally more people will certainly be driving more automobiles in the future. While that growth might not be universally dramatic, segments within the industry will grow at significant rates – and those segments define the targeted opportunities upon which we are most focused.
We expect year-over-year market growth in 2010 in each of our strategic business units, with the consumer markets continuing to recover more quickly than the com- mercial markets. Goodyear’s strong market position and growing capabilities will enable us to fully capitalize on these opportunities. You might also think of these capabil- ities the way we do within Goodyear – as the reasons we’ll
be a much stronger competitor in the future:
• We have a management team that has been proven
throughout the ups and downs of the business cycle, and we continue to strengthen that team at every opportunity. This team’s leadership has established Goodyear at the top of Fortune magazine’s “most admired” list in the tire industry for the last two years.
• We are focused on the most attractive market segments with healthy growth potential. For example, the emerg- ing markets will continue their solid growth and we are making the right investments in production capacity, products and marketing to seize those opportunities. Also, consumers will continue to reward marketers of differentiated innovations such as Fuel Max. Our new
 4 The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company
  Our new product engine is poised to take advantage of the demand for high-value-added tires and to do so with unmatched speed to market.
product engine is poised to take advantage of the demand for high-value-added tires and to do so with unmatched speed to market. As successful as Fuel Max has been with two million tires already sold in North America, this represents only three percent of the total consumer market potential for this product. We expect sales to increase substantially both in North America and other geographies for fuel efficient tires.
• We have a strong portfolio of brands led by the Goodyear brand with the leading market share in North America, and our lead grew in 2009.
• Our current market strength in the high-growth markets of the world – in Asia, particularly China, Latin America and Eastern Europe – positions our teams to leverage many of the capabilities I’ve already mentioned into market actions aimed at capturing a significant percentage of that growth potential. Our record 2009 earnings in Asia Pacific both demonstrates our capability in the region and provides us a spring- board for future growth.
2009
 
  • With regard to channel management, our philosophy is simple and logical. We win with the winners. We align with the customers who are outstanding. We then are focused intensely on building their businesses, not simply on selling them tires. We have, by far, the best dealer network in the industry globally.
• When you consider the power of the combination of the industry-leading new product engine, the market- ing tools that we wrap around it, the many product awards we are now capturing consistently and globally, and our unmatched speed to market capability, it is most certainly a winning combination for the future.
It has already been a differentiator. And we’re continu- ing to get better. For example, we are now migrating our new technology from our initial premium segment focus to the mid-tier segment. In doing so, we’re significantly enlarging the addressable market for Goodyear’s new products.
• Overall, our improving supply chain competencies – using Lean processes, driving SKU reductions and simplification of work – are now collectively referred to as “The Goodyear Operating System.” As it is deployed the GOS will assist us in reducing inventories and
cost. For example, we have already reduced Goodyear stocking locations in North America by three in 2009 with more planned in 2010, as inventories decline.
As we work through processes in manufacturing and purchasing we expect to identify similar opportunities there.
• While we completed our four-point cost savings plan during 2009, with savings of approximately $2.5 billion over four years, work well beyond that goal continued. This includes our plans to eliminate an additional
15 million to 25 million units of high-cost capacity
on top of the approximately 30 million units we have eliminated since 2003. Again, we have targeted an additional $1 billion in gross cost savings over the
next three years.
You can now begin to see why I am so confident in our
company’s future. With that same confidence I now start the transition of corporate leadership as I step aside as
your chief executive officer and turn the CEO position over to Rich Kramer. Rich brings to the table a deep knowledge of Goodyear, our global markets, manufactur- ing, finance and technology, which will lead Goodyear to the next level. He represents continuity with the strategy that has transformed Goodyear. Rich also brings a new energy that I believe will help drive the company to a promising future. Rich and I have worked side-by-side
for more than nine years and I’ve witnessed his strong developmental growth whether it be from his critical role in creating our strategy, his creation of a world class financial team as CFO, or his team building, leadership and motivational abilities in leading North American Tire through one of the most difficult periods in history. Our company will be in good hands.
For most of the past decade, we’ve been courageous, flexible and we’ve adapted quickly to changing conditions. Our success in 2009 was not by chance. As I mentioned earlier, it was about preparation meeting opportunity.
We prepared with extensive market scenario planning
and contingency actions to address a variety of possible economic outcomes and we were prepared to act quickly.
As a direct result, as we enter 2010 our businesses are stronger, our business models are more robust and our teams are better than they were a year ago. The recession forced us to accelerate our collective learning and made us stronger. Although the executional degree of difficulty in 2009 was high, much higher than we would have liked, we are now positioned to win – and win big – in 2010 and beyond. We are fully prepared for The Road Before Us.
As always, I thank you for your support of our company and our efforts.
Robert J. Keegan
CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & PRESIDENT
  The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company 5
  