TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS,
As we reflect on 2011, we see a year that is unique in Goodyear’s history because of our record results. But while our record
earnings were gratifying, the year was defined by the strategy we declared for
the future. We made it clear that our strategy is not designed to produce short-term success, but to put us on track to achieve a far greater objective: creating long-term economic value.
Also over the past 12 months, we took significant steps to further engage internal and external Goodyear stake- holders, from associates to investors, in the elements of our path forward. In March, we made a presentation to investors containing two important elements. The first element was our Strategy Roadmap, defining our key strategies, critical areas of execution, and long-term objectives. The second component was describing the seven “MegaTrends” that are shaping the tire industry over the next decade.
Both elements provide clearer understanding of how the industry is growing, changing and evolving, and how we believe our strategic focus gives Goodyear a competi- tive advantage in that context. We made our goals—and our path to reach them—clear, and hold ourselves accountable.
I am pleased that we delivered record results in 2011 in both sales and segment operating income. Our $1.4 billion of full-year segment operating income is nearly 50% more than 2010 and more than 10% higher than our previous record. What is most gratifying, however, is that these results were achieved amidst an uncertain global economic climate.
For the year, our price/mix performance drove revenue per tire, excluding the impact of foreign currency transla- tion, up 17% from a year ago. Our price/mix strategy was critical to our ability to offset record high raw material costs and the success of that strategy continued through the end of the year. In addition:
Record segment operating income reflected record sales in all four of the company’s business units, despite economic softness;
Annual sales were a record $22.8 billion, up
21% from $18.8 billion in 2010;
Compared to the prior year, 2011 segment operating income benefitted from $2.4 billion in improved price/mix, which more than offset $2 billion in higher raw material costs;
Over the past two years, we have generated cost savings of $748 million and remain on track to deliver $1 billion of savings for the three year period ending in 2012;
And North American Tire continued on its path, delivering $276 million in segment operating income, its highest earnings since 2000.
I am very pleased with our 2011 results, but I am even more gratified that our performance is further validation of our Strategy Roadmap, the foundation of which is defined by three Key Strategies:
Return North American Tire to profitability—
Though the tire industry is cyclical, delivering a return of 5% earnings-to-sales is our guidepost for the long term. In 2011, we made a progress leap, with a level of earnings we have not attained in more than a decade. In the future, the industry will still experience cycles, but this target keeps us focused on sustainable profitability in North America.
Win in China—We must capitalize on the enormous opportunity in this high-growth and high-volume region. Over the past year, we continued to see the Goodyear brand grow at twice the pace of the industry in China. Our new factory in Pulandian, China will serve the strong and growing demand for high-value-added Goodyear tires in the region.
Continue our success in EMEA and Latin America—
Historically, our brands have been very strong in these locations, and that strength must continue. We continued our brand and product leadership in the European market—winning awards and magazine tests throughout the year—and returned record earnings. While many
of the regional economies in Latin America were beset by on-going instability, we continue to manage our business for the volatility and are investing for growth.
     2|THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY | 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

 As you would expect, our Strategy Roadmap leads to a specific destination. We define our destination as “creating sustainable economic value” by being:
First with customers—We will have the best products and the best supply chain to serve our customers and help them grow their businesses. Around the world, we will invest in making more of the high-value tires that our customers want to sell and end-users want to buy. To be the supplier of choice, we will continue to innovate and produce more award-winning tires. We will become more efficient in all areas of our supply chain to help customers win in their markets.
The leader in our targeted market segments—We will have the right brands, channels and customers selling premium products. Our focus is on growing profitably, not growing volume for volume’s sake. We will focus on segments, geographies, customers and channels that offer the highest long-term profit potential. Our targeted segments will be those in which Goodyear’s innovation and technology differ- entiates our products from the competition.
The innovation leader—We are setting the pace
for innovation in our industry. We will stay on the leading edge with the best products, processes and people. Our commitment to innovation will not waver.
And we will be competitively advantaged in everything we do—We must set the industry standard in products, marketing, supply chain, and manufacturing. We must be operationally excellent and create an on-going competitive advantage with repeatable, efficient, and standardized processes that provide more of the right tires to our customers.
As a result, we will be profitable through economic cycles, we will deliver positive cash flow, and ultimately we will return to an investment grade balance sheet. But more than that, Goodyear will be the company that everyone wants to do business with—customers, consumers, associates, and investors.
We believe our strategies and momentum support achieving that goal. I am confident that we are on the way to creating sustainable value. While we acknowledge external economic events, we are committed to our path.
RICHARD J. KRAMER
CHAIRMAN,
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & PRESIDENT
We must continue to execute our plan and manage
the risks we face. Our results this year reflect how we responded to the risks I described in last year’s letter. We had a high level of success offsetting record raw material costs and driving innovation. We made steady progress in strengthening our supply chain.
Much of our confidence is rooted in the alignment of our Strategy Roadmap to the seven MegaTrends that will shape the tire industry over the next five to 10 years. These trends favor our technical capabilities, our global reach, and our market-back thinking, all of which, together, provide us with a competitive advantage.
The seven MegaTrends are:
1. Growth in emerging markets, representing signifi-
cant opportunity in the tire industry. We are already focused on winning in China and are positioned to take advantage of growth in India, Latin America, Eastern Europe and other growing markets. The rapid growth of a consuming middle class and the ability to buy more cars and light trucks for personal use characterize each of these markets.
2. Developed markets retain their strength because of their changing mix toward higher technology tires, offering significant growth and a chance to differentiate products and brands. This trend aligns with our focus on targeted market segments.
    THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY | 2011 ANNUAL REPORT |3

3. Higher value, more complex tires will be more prevalent in the mid-tier vehicle segment. Vehicle manufacturers around the world are increasing the number of high-value tires across all their offerings. Increased technology and innovative features are now standard in virtually all new vehicles, and tires are no exception. High-value products such as the Goodyear Assurance FuelMax tire are already growing in popularity on many of the high-volume OE fitments.
4. The “green” trend is here to stay. An emphasis
on increased fuel efficiency is an outgrowth of worldwide environmental awareness. Our global innovation and industry leadership in fuel efficient products gives us an advantage in this trend.
5. Standardized tire performance labeling becomes a reality in Europe later this year, and the rest of the world is not far behind. We are accelerating our product development to meet or exceed the labeling standards...another competitive advantage for Goodyear.
6. The use of the internet will continue to grow in its impact on the tire industry. Many tire purchases begin with research and comparison online. Our global objective is to use the internet as a bridge, taking consumers from shopping for tires and quickly leading them to one of our retailers to buy Goodyear products. This is another example of working from the market back, satisfying the needs of consumers and helping our customers grow their businesses.
7. The changes in the tire industry are evolutionary... not revolutionary. It is vital for us to see with predictability the technologies that are likely to
affect us...and direct our investments toward them. Though the tire industry goes through up and down cycles, the increasing number of vehicles being driven around the world means that a quick, drastic shift in the industry is unlikely. In this environment, we manage our investments to both maximize returns and execute our strategy.
These are the most important trends in the tire indus- try, ones that have been building momentum over the past decade and will shape it over the decade to come. They represent exciting opportunities for us to differentiate Goodyear from our competition. They are real, they are powerful, and they favor Goodyear because our strategy is in alignment with the future of the global tire business.
In this letter a year ago, I shared my belief that there’s never been a better time to be in the tire industry. With our full commitment to a strategy that is already working and positioned to take advantage of the opportunities in the future, I believe there is no better time to be part of Goodyear. We have seen the difference that our innovation makes. We are well positioned for growth in the parts of the world that are expanding most rapidly. And we have a team of leaders that will help us build new capabilities and industry defining operations excellence.
I have always been optimistic and confident about our company and remain so today. But more than that, I am truly excited about what’s ahead and what’s possible. Yes, the environment around us will constantly change and there will be continued uncertainty around the world. Even so, those challenges will present opportunities to continue to distinguish Goodyear in the global tire industry.
I am proud of how far we have come, pleased with where we are, and inspired about what’s ahead. I assure you that we will pursue the future with energy and passion and I look forward to having you with us.
Respectfully submitted,
Richard J. Kramer
CHAIRMAN, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & PRESIDENT
 4|THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY | 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
