 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Two years ago we committed to a strategic direction that would fundamentally change The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company.
 I made some pivotal assumptions then about our company and our markets and we set our course of action. To succeed we had to take a series of strategic, decisive and coura- geous actions defined by the Seven Strategic Drivers of our business.
We knew Goodyear had considerable assets, such as our technology; our brands; and our people. In addition we realized that the tire markets were providing us with some very attractive trends, for example, the growing demand for high performance and ultra-high performance tires. Unfortunately we weren’t capturing the value that was being presented, and we were not capitalizing on these poten- tial opportunities.
So the fundamental change that we started to drive within Goodyear was to build a com- pany that would take advantage of both its assets and favorable market trends. We con- cluded that we could win if we made several core changes:
1. We accelerated the introduction of high impact new products. The Assurance family of tires in North America is a prime example of such a success story. Today we are executing as planned with a series of introductions that are creating a richer product mix, increasing our brand equity and stimulating our dealers. Our new product engine today is certainly up and running for both passenger and truck tires.
2. We rebuilt our strained dealer relations. In the past our focus was on selling-in tires to our dealers. Our future is firmly focused on building our dealers’ businesses and ensuring that the velocity of their tire sell-out is out- standing. To do so, we’ve created a compre- hensive understanding of end-user needs and shopping behavior. Our annual dealer confer- ence in North America in January was proof positive that we have made terrific progress and we anticipate continuing progress in the future.
3. We analytically and dramatically changed our allocation of capital. We assessed the core economics of our businesses, invested significantly where we saw value creation, and eliminated costs where little or no value cre- ation was identified. Today we identify attrac- tive market segments and invest in them with outstanding products and marketing programs. Those segments not identified as attractive are quite simply not focus areas for us. We have become both more effective and efficient with our use of available resources.
7
• Leadership
• A focus on cash
• A lower cost structure
• Leverage distribution
• Building brand strength • Product leadership
• Advantaged supply chain
 2
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company | 2004
STRATEGIC DRIVERS
of Goodyear’s Business
 
   3
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company | 2004
ROBERT J. KEEGAN
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President
4. We increased the earnings capacity of our international tire businesses and our Engineered Products and Chemical businesses. You are aware of our outstanding performance in these businesses again during 2004. We will continue to build on this positive momentum in 2005.
5. We set out to improve our balance sheet by extending debt maturities and thereby cre- ating sufficient time for us to turn around our company. We are currently on track to accom- plish this important step for Goodyear.
6. We significantly improved the capabili- ties of my leadership team. My team has undergone many changes in the past three- plus years. In that timeframe, of the top 24 jobs in the company, we have 23 leaders new to those positions. This is a dramatic change that was absolutely essential for our progress. We have successfully brought leaders from both outside and inside our company and blended them into an outstanding team. It is a winning team. Collectively, we are working to continue changing the culture of our company.
The progress we have made in these areas was critical to our turnaround efforts and the results to date are gratifying. However, we remain committed to improving the core eco- nomics of our businesses and driving for sig- nificantly better market positions.
2004 ACHIEVEMENTS
I’d like to share some of the highlights from our breakout year in 2004:
• Record sales of $18.4 billion,
• Positive full-year net income for the first
time since 2000,
• Segment operating income of $1.1 billion,
more than double the 2003 level,
• Year-over-year sales, earnings and market
position improved in all seven of our busi- nesses compared to 2003, including a return to profitability in the North American Tire business,
• A 6 percent increase in revenue per tire compared to 2003.
Of course we are proud of these achieve-
ments, but financial results are just a byprod- uct of the energy we have put into changing our company. They are the tangible outcome from our focus on the Seven Strategic Drivers. These drivers have been at the heart of our activities: outstanding leadership, a lower cost structure, cash is king intensity, a fully lever- aged distribution network, enhanced brand strength, product leadership and an advan- taged supply chain.
Today, Goodyear is a refocused company. We have zero interest in mere survival. We are playing to win. And we are winning. Our end users are seeing innovative new products. Our
 
 dealers are noticing a different level of com- mitment and energy in Goodyear. They are complimenting us on the changes they are seeing, which are generating improved busi- ness results for their companies. Even our own associates are talking about the “new” Goodyear.
On the subject of leadership, we continued to strengthen our team. Earlier in this letter I mentioned my leadership team but the efforts extend throughout the company. We chal- lenge all of our people to lead. Leadership is the catalyst for everything we do.
We continue to work on improving our capital structure. We completed five debt financings in 2004, and earlier this year we announced plans to raise $3.6 billion of new credit facilities with lower rates and five- or six-year terms. We will continue to oppor- tunistically access the capital markets, explore additional asset sales and eventually increase equity funding to improve our credit profile.
While all of our businesses had strong results in 2004, the profitability of our North American Tire business after several years of losses was a notable business unit achieve- ment. This result was driven by significant improvement in product mix and increased share of market in targeted products and chan- nels. Under Jon Rich’s leadership, the North American Tire team applied their business
SEGMENT OPERATING INCOME
smarts, competitive nature and courage to make huge changes in a business that’s critical to our company’s success.
Our innovative new products are having a major impact in the market, enriching our product and brand mix, and increasing our revenue per tire. These product successes were led in 2004 by the Assurance family of tires in North America – the most successful new product launch in our company’s history. These new products had a “halo effect” on the entire Goodyear brand as the impact of Assurance went well beyond the economic value of the Assurance tires we sold during 2004. It energized our associates and dealers and revalidated our ability to innovate with high impact new products.
During the last year, the overall market has responded to our new product offerings with a flurry of industry awards:
• J.D. Power and Associates’ 2004 Original
Equipment Tire Satisfaction Study ranked Goodyear tires number one for pickups and full-sized vans.
• In its November issue, North America’s leading consumer magazine ranked Goodyear’s Fortera HL the best SUV and light truck tire when compared to 21 other tires in the category.
• At the automotive industry’s 2004 SEMA show our new any-season passenger tire, Assurance featuring TripleTred Technology, was honored by Popular Mechanics with the Editor’s Choice award for outstanding product innovation. It was the only tire so honored at SEMA.
• Assurance featuring TripleTred Technology was also named a finalist in the prestigious Automotive News PACE award for industry innovation. It was the only tire recognized by this global awards program.
• Customers of Tirerack.com gave Assurance featuring TripleTred Technology the number-one rating for all-season passenger tires, and rated the Goodyear Eagle F1 GS-D3 number one in the performance tire category.
• In Europe, Goodyear’s HydraGrip and Eagle F1 were named the top passenger and performance tires respectively in independent magazine testing by AutoCar.
                                                                                                                                                                   4
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company | 2004
 
5
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company | 2004
Innovative products are the lifeblood of our company. These successes are only the begin- ning. We have already introduced a number of new products in 2005, and we are thrilled with reception they are getting from our customers.
The new Fortera SUV and Wrangler light truck tires with SilentArmor Technology were the hit of our annual North American dealer meeting in January. Our cooperative effort with DuPont on the application of Kevlar as the strength behind SilentArmor Technology is another example of how we are now part- nering with other outstanding R&D organiza- tions to utilize their development resources to complement our in-house capabilities. GE, Siemens and Sandia National Laboratories are additional examples of partners in the fields of materials, electronics and engineering that position us well for the future.
The April 2005 issue of Popular Science named Goodyear’s brand new Fortera tires featuring SilentArmor Technology one of the top new consumer products in a segment titled, “20 Seriously Hot Products that (Almost) Speak for Themselves.”
Our commercial truck business has come a long way in a relatively short time. When we evaluated this business three years ago, when we listened to our customers, we realized the solution was in our own hands. We needed to significantly improve our product line. Today, we’ve seen a dramatic turnaround as our new products have helped us gain share in the global original equipment market. We are selling every tire we can manufacture, and are working to further improve our productivity to take advantage of the current strong market environment.
Finally, after exploring the possible sale of our Chemical Business, we determined that it would remain more valuable to the company and our stakeholders if retained than if sold. Chemical Products’ earnings nearly doubled from 2002 to 2004, and we believe the bene- fits of vertical integration outweigh the bene- fits of a potential sale, particularly in light of the current and projected raw material market conditions. At the beginning of 2005, we
integrated Chemical Products into our North American Tire business segment. The unit’s financial results will be consolidated in North American Tire for all future periods.
These highlights formed the backbone of our company’s performance in 2004. While we are pleased with our progress, there is much more to achieve.
2005
We are entering 2005 with tremendous momentum as a company. We are going to be aggressive: creating opportunities, and taking advantage of those opportunities presented to us. Our focus on the Seven Strategic Drivers – outstanding leadership, a lower cost structure, cash is king intensity, a fully leveraged distri- bution network, enhanced brand strength, product leadership and an advantaged supply chain – will drive our continued momentum.
As I indicated earlier, we are playing to win.
I am very proud of the people of this com- pany who are responsible for Goodyear’s financial and market improvement, execution against our objectives and strong momentum.
On behalf of the entire company, I also thank everyone who has stood by Goodyear through these difficult years. I hope you will continue to support us by considering one of many Goodyear award-winning products when you purchase tires for your vehicles.
There are dramatic changes taking place in our company, and there are more to come. We have started a job and we are passionate about completing it. We are still a work in progress, but we are now enjoying both the work and the progress.
We hope you are, too.
Robert J. Keegan
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President
  