Poised to perform
As competition around the globe intensifies, businesses and institutions face constant pressure to manage their costs and be more effective.
That’s especially true for people who maintain facilities. To stay competitive and grow, our customers need to make optimal use of their physical assets by streamlining procedures, improving inventory management, consolidating suppliers and much more.
Grainger has the resources to assist the people who manage facilities and operations, by helping them reduce costs, save time and ensure safe, comfortable working conditions.
Our company is positioned to compete in all phases of the economic cycle, and our diversification is a major plus. Grainger customers represent every Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) code in the United States, as well as virtually every level of government, in every county in the United States. We’re also well positioned in Canada and expanding in Mexico and China.
Values driving performance
Grainger is distinguished by more than our products and the speed with which we deliver them. Our employees place great importance on serving customers exceptionally well and on establishing long-term relationships.
We also are deeply committed to our communities. Our employees demonstrate the spirit of good corporate citizenship again and again, through their volunteer efforts and other contributions. We believe that, as a company, Grainger can do the greatest long-term good by focusing on two areas that allow us to leverage our expertise and assets: disaster response and technical education.
Our close association with the American Red Cross has led to our national sponsorship of Ready When the Time Comes, a Red Cross program that trains corporate volunteers in disaster relief. And through collaboration with the American Association of Community Colleges, we’re investing in our country’s future workforce through technical education and scholarships.
Looking ahead
Our strong financial performance and cash generation allow us to be opportunistic, giving us greater latitude in planning for growth and determining our future. We continue to invest in projects that advance our standing in the market and help us capture more business.
On March 1, 2008, Ronald L. Jadin, our Controller, will become Chief Financial Officer. He is replacing P. Ogden Loux, our Chief Financial Officer for the past 11 years, who remains with Grainger as Vice Chairman, providing me counsel on various business issues. This transition is testimony to our proven succession planning process.
As we look at the world around us, we see plenty of opportunity for growth. We intend to capitalize on the opportunity – just as William Wallace Grainger did in 1927 when he started this company – by providing great service, forming lasting relationships and pursuing our goal to remain the leader in our industry.
Sincerely,
R. L. Keyser February 27, 2008
W.W. GRAINGER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 SHARE REPURCHASES
Shares in millions
       2003 2004 2005
0.9 2.0 2.4
DIVIDENDS PAID
Dollars per share
2006 2007
7.0 7.1
       2003 2004 2005
0.74 0.79 0.92
2006 2007
1.11 1.34
 4
