W.W. GRAINGER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
2
Richard L. Keyser
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
In 2004, we exceeded $5 billion in sales and hit all-time highs for net earnings and earnings per share. Diluted earnings per share were $3.13, up 27 percent versus 2003. We generated more than $400 million of operating cash and returned $172 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.
In fact, 2004 was the 33rd consecutive year of increased dividends. I’m proud of our accomplishments.
Customers come to Grainger because they have confidence that we can help them get the job done. We help customers by providing products they need when and where they need them, more than 100,000 times a day.
In addition to growing sales, the Grainger team also has done a remarkable job of improving the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations by increasing productivity and product availability, and redesigning and upgrading our information and communication systems.
Doing what we do every day only looks easy. Serving customers flawlessly requires a broad array of products to solve multiple problems, helping customers quickly navigate to the right solutions, having those products available in the right locations, and wrapping up every order with the right information and paperwork.
Branch-based Distribution Businesses
Here are some of the many accomplishments of our Branch-based Distribution Businesses in 2004:
—In March, we completed the reconfiguration of our logistics network. Our nine distribution centers enable next day availability across the United States. In 2004, we significantly improved productivity in the distribution centers and expect additional improvements in 2005 as we benefit from automation and other supply chain improvements.
—Our market expansion program strengthens our presence in top metropolitan markets by updating our branch footprint, product selection, merchandising and sales support within each market. In 2004, we launched the program in Atlanta, Denver, Seattle, Houston, St. Louis, Tampa, four markets in Southern California and eight secondary markets. We plan to begin seven more major markets in 2005.
To Our Shareholders
  2004 Highlights
• Record sales of $5 billion
• Stock price hits all-time high of $66.99
• Record net earnings and earnings per share
• Completed logistics network project
• Launched comprehensive expansion program in
10 U.S. markets
• Instituted new telephony and IT infrastructure throughout all U.S. branches
2005 Goals
• Start seven additional markets through market expansion
• Rollout SAP in U.S. operations
• Integrate Lab Safety’s
new acquisition, AW Direct
• Merge Integrated Supply into Branch-based Distribution Businesses
• Explore new distribution presence in China
 
 —Our line review process and global sourcing of select products made it possible to hold our costs on the majority of our products in 2004 in the face of significant increases in key commodity prices. The increased global sourcing of products together with a product cost reduction program helped improve our gross profit margins last year.
—We updated our U.S. branch telephony and IT infrastructure using the latest Voice over IP technology. Customers now have seamless connectivity to all the products and services Grainger offers. We are already seeing improvements in our costs while capturing more sales.
—We are upgrading our existing SAP systems and replacing our remaining legacy systems with SAP. In 2004, we completed the system design and configuration and we are on track to begin integration, volume and user-acceptance testing
in 2005.
—We expanded our sales force by more than 20 percent throughout the United States to provide more comprehensive, targeted coverage for our customers.
—Sales through our Web site, grainger.com, grew 28 percent over 2003 to $611 million. We continue to see good growth from the company’s other Web sites as well. We routinely enhance our Web sites, making them easier for customers to access our products and services.
—We opened a new branch in Queretaro, Mexico, and expanded our presence in Mexico City. The telesales program and Mexican Web site also helped boost sales in Mexico.
—Our Canadian business, Acklands – Grainger Inc., benefited from a strengthening Canadian dollar in 2004. Acklands also continued to tighten focus on its industrial distribution business. In 2005, we plan to expand our branch presence in eastern Canada, consolidate smaller branches in western Canada, and design a new systems infrastructure to improve service and reduce costs in the future.
Integrated Supply
For Integrated Supply, 2004 was disappointing due to the effect of several large customer disengagements late in 2003. In 2005, we will no longer offer fee-for- service integrated supply contracts. We will offer several purchasing and inventory management services designed to appeal to a wider range of customers. These services are scalable and leverage our capabilities.
Cash Flow from Operations
      00 01 02 03 04
278 509 303 394 406
Dividends Paid
        00 01 02 03 04
67 70 72 74 79
Share Repurchase
        00 01 02 03 04
.03 1.8 2.2 0.9 2.0
W.W. GRAINGER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
 3
SHARES IN MILLIONS CENTS PER SHARE
DOLLARS IN MILLIONS

W.W. GRAINGER, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
    In 2004, Grainger strengthened its presence in 10 top U.S. metropolitan markets, including Atlanta (above). In 2005, Grainger plans to expand the program into an additional seven markets.
Lab Safety Supply
Lab Safety Supply (LSS), our direct marketing business, increased its product offering and expanded its targeted media, helping realize a 10 percent increase in sales in 2004. LSS continued to search for direct marketing companies in complementary product lines and early in 2005 acquired AW Direct, Inc., a $28 million direct marketer of products to the $3 billion service vehicle accessories market.
Plans for Growth
Looking ahead, I see great potential for Grainger. Our goals for 2005 reflect
our ongoing efforts to gain market share and improve the processes and systems that strengthen our service offering.
We will continue to direct our strong cash flow to productive investments in the business, increased dividends and repurchase of shares. In 2004, we increased quarterly dividends by 8 percent and repurchased 2 million shares. Approximately 7.1 million shares remain under the current authorization.
In closing, I’d like to thank Frederick Krehbiel and Janiece Webb, who are not standing for re-election to our board in April, for their years of leadership and counsel.
Among other board changes, in 2004 we welcomed Gary Rogers, who most recently served as Vice Chairman of General Electric Company.
While I’m proud of all we’ve accomplished, it’s not the past that excites me.
What excites me is how we’re moving forward. It’s the dedication of Grainger’s 15,500 employees who are executing on our plans, creating additional shareholder value for you.
R.L. Keyser February 28, 2005
 4
