  PUSHING
BOUNdARIES
  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
2009 was a year of unprecedented challenges as the global economy faced widespread recession leading to declines in energy investment. Amid this climate of economic uncertainty, Halliburton rose to the challenge and increased the strength of its global franchise.
In response to the global recession, demand for oil and natural gas weakened, reducing global drilling activity and causing customers to change their priorities. North America experienced a shift in the resource mix. For the first time, the number of horizontal wells exceeded the number of vertical wells drilled, as operators focused on unconventional basins, such as tight natural gas and shale reservoirs. Operators have increased their production rates by leveraging “fit-for-purpose” technology to drill longer horizontal laterals and increase stimulation intensity.
International drilling activity experienced an average 8 percent decline as the economic slowdown increased the amount of spare capacity, discouraging investment in new upstream projects. In contrast, deepwater markets were resilient due to their larger scale and long-term capital commitments.
Globally, operators migrated from focusing on individual supplier costs toward reducing total project execution costs. To achieve this objective, customers purchased large packages of services spanning well construction and completion activities. Our broad portfolio of offerings and our ability to deliver integrated services make us uniquely qualified to meet this increased demand for comprehensive solutions.
A DifferentiAteD StrAtegy While short-term activity declined, we continued our focus on positioning for growth and generating superior returns. We maintained our investment in capital equipment and infrastructure to strengthen our global franchise in key markets. With the increased volatility of the financial markets, we also took steps to maintain our financial flexibility by managing costs, increasing our cash reserves, and protecting our credit rating.
In North America, we opened new service centers in unconventional basins such as the Williston, Marcellus, and Haynesville shale plays. In addition, we deployed customized technology such as shale formation evaluation tools and specialized stimulation units built to increase reliability and efficiency.
In international markets, we continued to expand our footprint. We opened a Sperry Drilling facility in Nizhnevartovsk, Russia, that includes the first Remote Operations Center to provide real-time operations support for geosteering and drilling optimization in Western Siberia. In Libya, we opened a new state-of-the-art base camp to support our expanded product service line offerings. Additionally, in Angola, we launched the Stim Star Angola stimulation vessel, which is specialized to work in difficult sea conditions.
executing to PlAn, Achieving reSultS We executed our strategy through several key initiatives. Most importantly, we focused on protecting and expanding our market share. While markets remained competitive, we expanded the scope of our services for many global customers. We also maintained our investment in technology and people, further ensuring the competitive strength of our future service offerings.
02
HALLIBURTON 2009 ANNUAL REPORT
      
     We leveraged the breadth of our portfolio to offer packaged services that capitalized on our reservoir knowledge and leading technology. Using this model, we managed the integration of services from planning through execution to deliver greater efficiency and lower project costs. Through these initiatives, Halliburton has strengthened its share across all major product service lines with significant gains in testing, drill bits, and directional drilling.
The successful execution of our strategy is reflected in our financial results. Even at the most difficult point of the year, we posted returns above the peer average, which will serve the company well as the industry comes out of the downturn. In addition, we generated positive cash flow and ended the year with $3.4 billion of cash and marketable securities.
Moving forwArD through growth As we move forward, we will continue to execute our strategy. We will leverage our balanced portfolio of industry-leading technologies to continue growing our international business and expand our presence in underserved markets. China, Iraq, and Russia will provide growth opportunities in 2010 as energy investment increases. Deepwater markets, such as Brazil and Angola, will increase the demand for complex drilling and completion solutions. Deepwater markets will remain strong, as over 30 deepwater rigs are forecasted to enter into the global market in 2010. We will also maintain our heavy investment in capital equipment and technology. Finally, we will remain financially flexible, as we continue to focus on our cash flows by managing working capital and our cost structure.
We believe in the strength of the long-term fundamentals of our business. Our customers will continue to pursue more complex reservoirs, expecting greater efficiency and ingenuity. Our focus on developing technology to optimize well construction and completions as complementary systems will differentiate our solutions for these challenging reservoirs.
We will continue to manage through this downturn by focusing on expanding our market position, reducing input costs, and delivering the superior execution and quality that our customers have come to expect. We will continue to push boundaries by deploying our resources where activity will be robust in the recovery, enabling us to retain the share gains we have experienced and to accelerate our growth.
  david J. lesar
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
Mark A. McCollum
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Albert O. Cornelison, Jr.
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Timothy J. Probert
President, Global Business Lines and Corporate Development
  PUSHING BOUNDARIES
03
     