DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
In 2001, Real Time technology began transforming Halliburton into a faster, smarter, more responsive service company. This year, we took the next step and made Service Quality a Company-wide campaign.
At Halliburton, we’ve always prided ourselves on our ability to perform under the most extreme conditions or constraints. But with the economy laboring under the strain of geopolitical tensions and uncertainties, the market- place demands even more. We believe that Service Quality, or knowing what customers expect and delivering it right the first time, will give us the edge. Companies that can consistently deliver exceptional Service Quality will win on every front – customer satisfaction, employee motivation and shareholder value.
Throughout these pages, you’re going to see and read stories of Halliburton people achieving Service Quality beyond expectations. You’ll see them on job sites in remote and demanding places, in laboratories and manufactur- ing facilities around the world. You’ll meet teams, individuals, old hands and newcomers. And what you’re going to notice is how much pride they
have in what they do. They are excited about where they work and how
hard they work. They’re proud of their years of experience and their loyalty to the Company. They are Halliburton.
And it is through their efforts, and the efforts of thousands more like them, that Halliburton has achieved good financial performance in 2002 – even during a difficult environment.
Looking back, 2001 gave rise to a new and frightening world with fear of terrorism, the war in Afghanistan, a global recession and growing geopoliti- cal instability. That atmosphere has persisted, making many companies hesitant to increase their investments because of concerns of what might happen in the future. Yet, despite all this, and the cloud of asbestos litiga- tion, 2002 was a very good year for Halliburton. While revenues were down slightly for the year, we are very pleased with our performance relative to our peers in this very difficult environment. I’d like to thank the management team and hard-working Halliburton people everywhere.
Certainly, one of the biggest news items for Halliburton this year has been the progress we have made toward resolving our asbestos litigation problem. We still have a long way to go and may not get there, but we are working toward a resolution that we believe will result in a fair and equitable settlement with the asbestos claimants and free us to concentrate on the future.
Overall, we had solid results from the Energy Services Group. Following a record year for the Energy Services Group in 2001, reduced drilling activity in the United States and Canada and
increased pricing pressures in 2002 resulted in a 12 percent drop in revenues for the Energy Services Group. Yet, in spite of the decline in rig activity, Sperry-Sun had record revenues of $1 billion, and Landmark Graphics again had excellent revenues and operating income increases.
Higher revenues on the Engineering & Construction side of the business offset the Energy Services Group’s decreased revenues. The Engineering & Construction Group’s onshore and offshore business revenues increased by 25 percent or more, while the Infrastructure business experienced a 22 percent rise.
With large contract wins in Algeria, Egypt and Nigeria, KBR continues to perform extremely well in the liquefied natural gas (LNG) market. Government Services also experienced significant successes, including a site support serv- ices contract with the U.S. Department of Energy’s Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico, and a design-build contract for the new U.S. Embassy compound in Kabul, Afghanistan.
A continuing bright spot for both business groups was the international market. Halliburton’s international revenues increased in 2002 to 67 percent of total revenues from 62 percent
a year ago. Another positive was
the dispositions of non-core business assets that bolstered our liquidity.
Last year, our message was of
2002 HALLIBURTON ANNUAL REPORT 3

4 2002 HALLIBURTON ANNUAL REPORT
transformation. The transformation continues, sweeping through every part of the Company:
• There have been major organizational
changes, as the Energy Services
Group (ESG) and Engineering & Construction Group (KBR) became two independent business units in 2002. There were many reasons for this restructuring: liquidity pressures in a more difficult global business environment; competitive pressures to have the best possible cost structure; pressure on the stock price due to asbestos litigation; and the increasingly different business drivers, business cycles and customers of the Energy Services Group and Engineering & Construction Group. But the overriding reason? Restructuring will enable both companies to strengthen their busi- nesses and go head-to-head with our most powerful competitors, many of them companies that have an emphasis on one core competency. This will, in turn, position Halliburton to achieve sustained growth and profitability.
• There have been management changes. Edgar Ortiz, the chief executive officer of the ESG, retired Dec. 31 after a distinguished 33-year career in the industry, and Halliburton Energy Services President John Gibson succeeded him. KBR continues under the leadership of Randy Harl. Doug Foshee is now our chief operating officer, and C. Christopher Gaut has joined us as chief financial officer.
• There have been fundamental business changes, with the Engineering & Construction Group making a bold move in deciding it will no longer pursue lump-sum engineering, procurement, installation and com- missioning (EPIC) projects for the offshore oil and gas industry until and unless the current business model improves to allow for reasonable profits at reasonable risks.
The oil and gas industry is historically boom or bust. Since the collapse in prices in late 1998, oil prices have been even more unstable than in past decades. The tight energy supply-and-demand balance in the industry these days means that even small shifts can lead to large swings in prices.
Clearly, we are at a point in time where we must redesign our Company for short commodity price cycles and position ourselves technologically, operationally and culturally to respond as the energy industry is evolving. That means looking beyond what will make us successful this year, and for- ward into the next 10 years.
We’re working hard to increase our productivity so that we can accomplish more with a smaller core group. Programs that align employee perform- ance and compensation with our busi- ness objectives are an important first step. Our intense Service Quality focus will produce more efficiencies, as well as a competitive advantage.
We’re also finding ways to work
with our customers to improve overall efficiency. This could mean a restruc- turing of traditional relationships. Or it could mean collaborative relation- ships yielding more focused, effective products and services. At Halliburton, different times call for fresh thinking.
Innovation is the means by which companies exploit change as an oppor- tunity for growth, and technology will continue to be a major thrust of our strategy. Over the past five years, Halliburton has invested more than
$1 billion developing game-changing technologies in almost every product line. Instead of designing products to compete head-to-head with others in the market, our aim is to create products that optimize assets, solve problems and deliver long-term value for ourselves and our customers.
Today at the ESG, new technology accounts for more than 20 percent of our total revenues. But innovation can also be achieved by integrating existing technologies to provide new or improved offerings, and we are pursuing opportuni- ties to do this.
At the same time, we are shifting our economic resources into areas of higher productivity and greater yields. The Energy Services Group and Engineering & Construction Group currently hold the No. 1 or No. 2 positions in most of their product lines. The Energy Services Group derives more than 75 percent of its revenue today from product service lines where it holds a No. 1 or No. 2 position.

In the months ahead, you will see us developing strategies and investing to sustain and grow those positions in all of our product lines because that’s what will generate the profitability to sustain us, boom or bust.
I’ve said before how important Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) is to Halliburton. Respect for the environment and for the health and safety of our employees and others that we work with is a core value, and we are a leader in this arena. HSE is really about good business practices. Take, for instance, Company-mandated driver safety initiatives. There’s a clear correlation between not wearing seat belts and
cell phone use while driving and the quantity and severity of incidents
that impact the health and safety of our employees. Adverse incidents have a negative impact on insurance rates and worker productivity, which increase our cost of operations. A zero incidents objective is not just a good idea, it’s good business.
Protecting the environment as we go forward in the next decades is another good business practice – management of environmental risks saves money today and demonstrates our commitment to a better environment. Halliburton is developing new technologies that will help our customers address some of their most pressing environmental needs.
For instance, Halliburton developed the Sea Emerald Burner for well testing, which produces a 99.9 percent clean
burn, back in 1994. It’s still considered the industry standard. But as good as it is, the result is still significant ther- mal releases that are suspected to add to global warming. Now, we’re working on technologies that will eliminate flaring altogether, such as open-hole test techniques, formation testing while drilling and under-balanced drilling methods that enable us to evaluate the reservoir in real time while drilling.
All of these technologies are environ- mentally responsible, but none of them will be truly successful unless they are more cost-efficient and effective. It’s entirely achievable, too, as we learned from developing our new AccoladeTM drilling fluid system. Designed to conform to stricter regulatory standards in the Gulf of Mexico, Accolade dramatically increased the rate of penetration over traditional fluids while significantly reducing fluid losses from as many as 5,000 barrels to a few hundred barrels. It’s a great example of how creativity within guidelines resulted in cost and performance breakthroughs.
As we look into the future, we can see that challenges abound in every area of our industry. Our industry’s workforce in North America and Europe is aging, and few young people are entering the ranks. But Halliburton is finding and training talented young professionals at our locations around the world. Engineers from countries like Malaysia, Angola, Russia and the Caspian Sea region are bringing fresh perspectives
and drive. They are welcome additions to the Halliburton family.
The next 10 years will require diligence and imagination. And despite current industry conditions, I am very encour- aged. We are transforming our internal processes. We’re improving our execution and our products. Everywhere you look, the Energy Services Group and Engineering & Construction Group are being re-energized.
We’re evolving in our industry from having value in fixed assets to having value in intellectual capital, which makes us very rich indeed. Because Halliburton people are the finest that the industry has to offer. As I walk the hallways and visit job sites, the feeling I get from managers to field personnel is that we are entering the most exciting period in our history. They are pleased to be here at this point in time, with all its risks and opportunities, because for the companies that can think clearly and act quickly, the rewards will be great.
I’d like to thank the people of Halliburton for their spirit, dedication and sense of adventure. I’m proud to work with you.
David J. Lesar
Chairman of the Board, President and
Chief Executive Officer
2002 HALLIBURTON ANNUAL REPORT 5
 