 Dear Fellow Shareholders:
In 2007, Halliburton posted record revenue and earnings for the third consecutive year.
  Our largest source of expansion is and will continue to be in our international markets.
Our financial performance reflects the execution of a robust growth strategy based on fundamental factors that are shaping the future. According to Cambridge Energy Research Associates, the industry produced roughly a trillion barrels of oil in the last century and a half. It is estimated that the world will use its second trillion barrels during the next 35 years. The next trillion barrels will be characterized by smaller, more complex reservoirs in more challenging and remote environments, and hydrocarbons will be increasingly unconventional in nature.
We are well positioned at the forefront of these trends, which will drive our international growth and at increased levels of service intensity. Our accelerated investments in our people and infrastructure, along with a well-integrated technology strategy and portfolio, will support our global growth efforts.
Service intensity grows with reservoir complexity.
Increasing reservoir complexity has created a long-term trend toward greater service intensity – additional and more complex services applied to each rig drilling or well serviced – and this trend drove Halliburton’s growth in all regions in 2007.
Internationally, where many of our most advanced technologies – including directional drilling, logging-while-drilling, completions and wireline – are leading our growth, our revenue per rig has grown by more than 30 percent in the last two years, giving us the confidence that strong international growth will continue in the future.
The most significant development in North America is the trend toward exploitation of unconventional hydrocarbon resources such as tight gas development. This has translated to robust growth, not only for our traditional stimulation businesses but also for our directional drilling and horizontal well-completion technologies, which has resulted in a more balanced U.S. product and service portfolio.
    2 HALLIBURTON 2007 ANNUAL REPORT

          Infrastructure investments support our international growth strategy.
We have accelerated our investments in people, facilities and technology to take advantage of international growth opportunities.
Building a dynamic workforce with the expertise to execute at Halliburton’s high standard of service quality is critical to our international expansion. In 2007, this workforce grew to more
than 50,000. It comprises over 100 nationalities, with the majority working in their home countries. We now have 12 training centers worldwide, integrating new workers and advancing the skills of our existing workforce, building upon their professional and technical competencies.
A comprehensive global supply chain capable of supporting our planned growth is also a necessity. In 2007, we opened four new regional manufacturing facilities in Asia and Latin America, designed to create new regional supply chains to complement our current worldwide sourcing capability. These new centers will create a more responsive organization for our international customers while building regional supply networks that support local economies.
We are also making our research and development efforts more geographically diverse. Last year, we opened a technology center in Pune, India – our first outside of North America and Europe.
HALLIBURTON 2007 ANNUAL REPORT 3

 There, PhD-level scientists and engineers collaborate
to advance our global expertise by focusing on those technologies that will advance our production enhancement, drilling fluids and cementing product lines.
Integrated technology strategy leads the industry.
We are meeting the challenges of increasing reservoir recovery with new technologies that address the industry’s most important needs: reducing uncertainty in developing the reservoir, providing precise well placement and optimizing reservoir drainage for improved recovery
rates, and creating new ways of increasing the efficiency of the development process.
Our Completion and Production Division is continually expanding its technology portfolio, creating solutions to address the recovery of conventional and unconventional hydrocarbons. We are integrating production and completion services to produce a higher level of control and effectiveness, enhancing the production from our customers’ new and old reservoirs. Our innovative approaches in providing solutions for ultra-deepwater and complex well intervention are strengthening our completion service market position.
Through our Drilling and Evaluation Division, we are delivering next-generation reservoir data management techniques and integrated interpretation and visualization technologies to provide our customers with enhanced exploration and development tools. Developments in
our sampling and deep-reading imaging sensors reduce positional and geological uncertainty and help illuminate reservoirs for our customers. New drilling systems
are providing improved reliability in complex wells and high-pressure, high-temperature environments.
Today, we produce and share digital data, communicate this data in real time, and then use it to create models for simulation and, ultimately, designing solutions.
The future will bring new sensor technologies and capabilities that enable better, faster decisions.
Our leadership in Real Time Operations (RTO) services is a driving force in this strategy. Engineers and geoscientists monitor and control remote well construction and production operations from centers that may be located several hundred miles from the wellsite, offering the ability to send instructions directly to downhole tools and receive real-time data streams in return. In 2007, we performed nearly 18,000 real-time jobs – double the number from 2006 – and we expect this number to expand significantly as we help transform the way the industry works.
We are now building on the foundation of RTO expertise
to serve a wider scope of customer challenges, specifically increasing reservoir recovery. We are expanding the RTO concept into what we call the Digital AssetTM – a real-time collaborative environment to model, measure and optimize our customers’ assets. Our consulting expertise and reservoir knowledge will help customers improve the performance of their assets.
The evolution of the Digital Asset will become a source of significant competitive advantage for us in 2008 and beyond as it transforms the ways in which we anticipate solutions to industry challenges.
Growth strategy yields strong financial results.
We are confident that our accelerated investments in
our people and infrastructure for international growth, and our well-integrated technology strategy, will increase service intensity over time and continue to set us apart
in the industry.
These elements are delivering increasing financial returns and strong international growth rates. Operating income has increased 62 percent in the last two years, with 58 percent of that increase coming from international activity. Return on shareholders’ equity grew to 35 percent in 2007.
We are well positioned to play a pivotal role in meeting the increasingly complex needs of the industry, and we look forward to that work with confidence and enthusiasm.
Finally, we owe our success to the dedication and creativity of our employees – our faces of energy – who continue to invent new technologies, deliver outstanding service quality and contribute to the life of their communities. It starts with them – they are our greatest source of competitive advantage.
Sincerely,
David J. Lesar
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
Mark A. McCollum
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Albert O. Cornelison, Jr.
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Timothy J. Probert
Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development
    4 HALLIBURTON 2007 ANNUAL REPORT
