20:01
Real Time Leadership A Letter to Our Shareholders
>> We’re building a faster, smarter, more nimble, integrated and responsive
company ... a big company moving, reacting and responding like a small one.
 dear fellow shareholders,
Employee motivation has a direct bearing on financial results. With
$13 billion in revenue, 2001 was a good year for Halliburton, and I’d like to thank the management team and our highly motivated workforce for their contributions that help continue to position Halliburton as one of the best, most focused and innovative service companies in the world.
Our Energy Services Group ended 2001 with record operating income while our Engineering & Construction Group, Halliburton KBR, exceeded its revenue and margin commitments and continues to be awarded quality jobs on terms that should enhance future returns on capital.
Within the Energy Services Group, both Landmark Graphics and Halliburton Energy Services had excellent results, despite the decline in rig activity in the United States toward the end of the year. Both businesses benefited from their strong international presence and broad suite of products and services.
The pressures facing Halliburton’s customers are among our biggest challenges. What drives the oil and gas industry is the same today as it will always be. Our customers have to
find and replace the oil and gas they produce every year. They have to do it from increasingly remote and hostile locations, and they have to bring it to market at a cost that’s commercially and politically acceptable.
The future performance of Halliburton strongly depends on technology. In 2001, Halliburton spent just under $300 million on technologies aimed at our existing businesses and product lines. We plan to continue our technology spending at approximately this rate in 2002.
In addition, we are prepared to make equity investments in technologies that are attractive in the marketplace to either expand our current portfolio or to create entirely new businesses. This type of investment is not new to our Company; Halliburton has spent almost $600 million on external technology over the
past three years. These types of opportunities do not come along every day. Continuing this pace of external investment depends on our ability to identify and acquire new technologies that will create value to our shareholders.
Halliburton’s technology investment will ensure that we increase production, increase reserves, decrease capital and operating costs, reduce uncertainty and improve productivity for our customers.
The technology challenge for our industry is immense. Most of the promising reservoirs our customers pursue today are in deeper and deeper water. Today, we are drilling wells more than 25,000 feet into the earth in over 10,000 feet of water. Developing oil
and gas resources in deep water requires extraordinary technology.
As well as investing in deepwater and data-management technologies, we’re strengthening our focus on Real Time Reservoir SolutionsSM (RTRS). This means dramatically improving the speed and quality of decisions needed to develop the reservoir. We do this by
3

4
providing accurate, instant information from wells and surface-production systems. Teams observing the data use it to make timely reservoir management decisions during operations. This is changing the way our customers manage production. Geology, engineering and facilities design processes are becoming integrated. Customers will be able to manage their facilities, their maintenance, and their safety and environmental compliance from operational control centers. Specialists will be able to monitor and direct well-site operations for multiple fields from a visualization room mounted on a single platform.
So, Halliburton is investing in the future. We will have the substantial technological prowess needed for the industry’s longer-term challenges.
For several years, the finding and development costs of the global energy industry were declining; now they’re on the rise again. Our technology is changing the business processes in well construction, well production and asset management. Within a short time, we believe our technologies will help cut well construction costs by 50 percent.
Also of fundamental importance to our prosperity is management of the Halliburton brand. If our brand is more trusted, relied upon and stronger than the competition’s, we will generate
superior results. In the fourth quarter of 2001, we launched a brand alignment and positioning program. This followed a comprehensive, globally researched brand identity program carried out to effectively position Halliburton for the future. Despite the emotion felt in different parts of the organization, this was an important evolution for the Company. The name “Halliburton” is synonymous with quality, trust, integrity and technology. The initiative enhances those qualities while respecting the rich heritage of our founding fathers, Erle P. Halliburton, George and Herman Brown, Solomon Dresser and Morris W. Kellogg.
Our success in business also requires
a commitment to social citizenship, business ethics and corporate perspective. This includes having respect for the environment, concern for employee safety and welfare, and giving back to the communities in which we work. I can’t overemphasize the importance of Health, Safety & Environment (HSE)
to our Company’s operations. The health and safety of employees, and those
we work with, is vital. HSE is one of our core values, and it will never be sacrificed in the name of profits.
Investing in the future means different things in different parts of the world. In developing countries, it may mean providing opportunities for
training and employment or employees volunteering time to help build schools and hospitals. It certainly includes a willingness to balance the demand for short-term profits with the resources we need for success in the future. As CEO of Halliburton, I believe one of my responsibilities is to set the tone for our Company’s commitment to the right social responsibility and to help us find a way to balance these obligations with the demands of our shareholders.
One of the most wonderful aspects of our Company, and one of our great challenges, is our diversity. With 85,000 employees, working in about 400 locations in more than 100 countries, when I walk the corridors of any Halliburton facility, I am pleased to see employees of every race, culture and religion, and hear the languages of almost every nation. I also see the pride and the connection our employees have to their country, to our Company, customers and partners.
The terrorist attacks on the United States in September 2001 touched us all in different ways. I am very proud of the way Halliburton employees around the world rallied in support of the victims. The impact of 9/11 on the corporate world has been huge in the short term, but I believe long-term prospects for the worldwide economy remain bright,
>> Processes that once took hours now take only minutes, and distance is no longer a factor.

particularly for our industry sector.
The Halliburton stock price dropped
precipitously toward the end of the year. There were several reasons for the drop. First, there was overall uneasiness about the U.S. and global economies and the negative impact on oil and gas prices, and the tragic events of 9/11 heightened those concerns. But the main reason
was reaction to several sizable asbestos- related jury verdicts against the Company. The lawsuits relate mainly to products manufactured by various divisions of Dresser Inc. and past operations of Brown & Root. The largest category of claims relates to Harbison-Walker, a refractory company that Dresser spun off in 1992.
Although we’ve worked hard to explain our strategy, it’s likely that the investment community will continue to express concern about our asbestos- related activities in the face of softening fundamentals in the oilfield services industry. We take the issue very seriously and understand the concerns our shareholders have. Asbestos litigation is a U.S. national problem – many companies are affected – and the civil justice system is producing uneven and inequitable results. We believe asbestos litigation needs serious review by Congress. In the meantime, the Company has substantial insurance, we
continue to pursue what I believe is the right litigation strategy, and we are conducting a vigorous defense of asbestos lawsuits.
While these issues have had a negative impact on our share price in the near term, we will continue to work through this problem without losing sight of our strong global market position and our underlying corporate strategy. We will continue to invest in the people, equipment and technologies that we believe will make us successful. Our businesses are strong and healthy, and our financial disclosure is accurate and complete.
While the global economic slowdown has hurt the demand for hydrocarbons, the fundamental nature of our industry has not changed. We are driven by supply and demand. Energy prices are cyclical, our business is cyclical, and we have to deal with the current downturn as best we can. Halliburton has a strong history of performance that helps us ride through weak periods. We continue to introduce new technologies that will give us a competitive advantage even in the face of soft demand. We’re always looking for innovative business relationships that will keep us working and keep our customers developing, in spite of short-term price fluctuations. Steering a course through price swings is one of the great
management challenges in our business. How well we succeed is an indicator of our overall management quality.
We can count on one thing. Our industry will always be affected by world events and economics. None of our technologies will change that, and none of them are short-term solutions. They require heavy investment, and they demand that we change the way we think and work. We must pursue the technologies that are best for our Company and our industry tomorrow, next year and for the next generation.
By most measures, and certainly
in light of current industry conditions, we have completed an excellent year. The full year’s earnings from continuing operations exceed all prior years combined since the Dresser merger.
We are very well positioned for “through the cycle” revenues and earnings,
with almost $10 billion in backlog and industry-leading people, technology, products and services.
David J. Lesar
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
 5
