 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
For 85 years, Halliburton has weathered every sort of challenge to our Company. But I think we will remember 2004 as the year we overcame extreme adversity. Unprecedented asbestos claims, dangerous work with the armed forces in Iraq, public cynicism about large corporations, a U.S. vice president with past ties to our company – all of these issues converged in an election year as some tried to turn the proud old name Halliburton into a political symbol.
Today, as we stand on the brink of a bright and exciting future, I am proud to report that not only has Halliburton survived some of the greatest challenges ever faced by any company, but we have emerged stronger than ever.
Look at our financial position: our revenue and operating income increased in 2004 and our stock climbed steadily through the year. Although the charges we took to resolve our asbestos liabilities, the Barracuda-Caratinga project and other outstanding issues in KBR depressed our bottom-line financial results, our liquidity remains strong, and I believe that both the Energy Services Group (ESG) and KBR are positioned for profitability in 2005. For any who doubted the strength and integrity of our Company, I think the continuing support of our shareholders and customers speaks for itself. I want to thank you for standing behind us.
One of our most daunting tasks this year was concluding the largest and most complex prepackaged bankruptcy that has ever been accomplished, resolving our asbestos and silica liability. I deeply appreciate the members of our team who worked to achieve a fair solution for those who were impaired by asbestos exposure – a resolution that many said would never be possible.
The value of the settlement included a cash contribution of $2.775 billion to fund a trust for current claimants;
we also issued 59.5 million shares of Halliburton common stock for the benefit of future asbestos claimants. This has been somewhat offset by insurance collections from more than 150 insurance companies, which I view as a monumental achievement. So far, we have collected more than $1 billion from these companies, and we expect to collect about $500 million more.
Halliburton achieved another significant milestone in 2004 when the Barracuda floating production, storage and offloading (FPSO) vessel produced first oil in December. Barracuda’s sister ship, Caratinga, also achieved first oil in February, 2005. Our $2.5 billion
contract – which included converting two oil tankers into FPSO vessels and developing the 54-well Barracuda and Caratinga oil fields in offshore Brazil – was the largest engineering, procurement, installation and construction (EPIC) contract ever undertaken by a single contractor. Since then, we have moved away from lump sum off- shore contracts and have had good success with our new cost-reimbursable approach to this type of work.
The political rhetoric we faced in the United States has subsided since Election Day – but not without a price. In the months leading up to the election, the false, misleading and unfair allegations about Halliburton seemed to multiply exponentially, simply because the nation’s vice president once held my job. We worked tirelessly to address these relentless accusations, to cooperate with every investigation, and to challenge and correct misinformation.
Now that we have overcome these difficulties, it is time to look beyond – beyond asbestos, beyond Barracuda- Caratinga, beyond the politics – to the immense potential of Halliburton. In 2005, I look forward to spending my time on more constructive endeavors: growing the busi- ness and pursuing my vision for the Company’s future.
We have a world-class leadership team in place to help us move forward. Upon the retirement of the former KBR chairman and the departure from the Company of the ESG president and CEO, I eliminated those positions to create a flatter, more streamlined reporting structure. Now the senior vice presidents of all KBR and ESG operating segments will report directly to Andrew Lane, whom I appointed chief operating officer. I am profoundly grateful for our talented, thoughtful and dedicated leadership team members who have supported me this year – Andy; Cris Gaut, our chief financial officer; and Bert Cornelison, our general counsel.
In the coming year, we will continue to review our full portfolio, including the future of KBR. The positive value potential that KBR brings has not been reflected in Halliburton’s stock price. Therefore, we intend to separate KBR from the Company. This separation could take a number of forms, including a spin-off or split-off, an initial public offering, or the sale of KBR.
However, I believe that, in order to maximize KBR’s value for our shareholders, it may be necessary to establish a track record of positive earnings for several quarters and to resolve government investigations
and outstanding disputes. During that time, we will investigate our options and determine the best value,

 terms and structure for a transaction. We have reorgan- ized KBR into two segments, Energy & Chemicals and Government & Infrastructure, to support this effort.
Halliburton’s most remarkable asset, now and always,
is its people. In 2004, they had to defend their honorable work while their every action was examined as if they were under a magnifying glass. Yet, even in the darkest moments, their support never wavered. I am proud of our employees. Their passionate commitment, gritty determination and unswerving faith in our Company have been my greatest source of pride and inspiration.
As I write this letter, more than 47,000 KBR employees and contractors – the largest civilian force ever assembled – are working alongside U.S. troops in Iraq, far from their homes and their families. This is demanding, dangerous work. Sixty of our employees and subcontractors have been killed, 250 have been wounded and one is still missing. As difficult as this is to accept, it has been made even harder by those who seek to politicize the work of these brave men and women.
One of the brightest moments we shared this year happened when we welcomed Tommy Hamill home. Tommy was kidnapped when the truck convoy he commanded was ambushed by Iraqi militants. His courage in escaping his captors not once, but twice, exemplifies the “can do” attitude of the Halliburton employees who have volunteered for these positions. This ethic traces its origins back to our founders, Erle P. Halliburton and the Brown brothers, whose legendary determination to get the job done, no matter what, made them industry icons.
Heartened by the amazing spirit of Halliburton people, we will honor our commitment to our customer, the U.S. government, and continue supporting our troops. It’s the right thing to do.
This year, in our television commercials, we told the public, “It’s not who we know. It’s what we know.”
The truth of this statement is evident in the many government and infrastructure contracts KBR won this year through competitive bidding – including two important construction contracts to support U.S. Navy facilities, as well as a logistics support contract with the U.K. Ministry of Defence.
Nobody is better than KBR at what we do. Worldwide, KBR is well-positioned to benefit from increased demand for unconventional sources of gas. KBR has built a large portion of the world’s LNG capacity, and this year was
David J. Lesar
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer of Halliburton
part of a joint venture team that received the engineering, procurement and construction contract to build another train for Nigeria LNG Limited – the fourth this company has awarded us. KBR is also part of a joint venture selected for design work on a grassroots LNG facility
in Western Australia.
In addition, KBR is pioneering innovative gas-to-liquids (GTL) technology that will help the world bring its remote gas reser ves to market. KBR is par t of a joint venture that was selected to provide front end engineering and design services for Shell’s GTL project in Qatar.
In the ESG, business is thriving. We established annual records in revenue and operating income for three of
the four ESG segments in 2004, and the total ESG group posted record revenue in the fourth quarter. I attribute this outstanding performance in revenue to our customers’ increased spending levels, and also to improved pricing as capacity tightened. Operating margins benefited from the improved pricing as well, but also from the ESG’s focus on capital discipline and improved cost structure. We expect activity in the oil and gas industry to remain robust through 2005.
Like KBR, the ESG has also enjoyed the staunch support of its customers during this difficult year. One of our strengths is the ability to integrate our services across all product lines for an economically optimized, total reservoir solution. Petroleum Development Oman is one company that is taking advantage of this capability, with three contracts worth up to $500 million over five years
to provide cementing, stimulation, directional drilling, logging-while-drilling and mud logging services.
 
 Throughout the ESG, we are building on our strengths
for the future. For instance, our Drilling and Formation Evaluation segment is unlocking the burgeoning logging- while-drilling market with its Geo-Pilot® rotary steerable technologies. In 2004, this segment won contracts for drilling and related services in Brunei, Azerbaijan, Mexico and North America, as well as in both the U.K. and Norway sectors of the North Sea. The segment also introduced its new polycrystalline diamond compact (PDC) fixed cutter bit technology, representing a step-change for longer bit life and cost-effective drilling. In the roller cone bit market, our EnergyBalanced® technology, which allows us to design custom bits quickly for specific conditions encoun- tered in the field, continues to make inroads. The value of this innovation is underlined by our recent award in a patent infringement case against a competitor.
With 95 percent of its revenue in No. 1 or No. 2 market share positions, the Production Optimization segment
is ideally positioned as operators seek to boost declining production in the world’s maturing reservoirs. We recently won two major contracts in the prime stimulation market of the U.S. Rockies. We also celebrated a three-year contract for well completions in Qatar’s giant North Gas field, awarded by Dolphin Energy Limited – Qatar. The reliability and performance of Halliburton’s Peak® large monobore downhole completion equipment is critical to the success of the high-rate gas well completions that this project requires. Other technology advancements include the new DeepReachSM coiled tubing service and DeepQuestSM stimulation service. These technologies enable operators to recover harder-to-access deepwater reserves more economically.
Halliburton Digital and Consulting Solutions, formerly the Landmark and Other Energy Services segment,
is advancing its leadership position in software while growing its consulting practice to capture an untapped market opportunity. This year, the group signed five-year technology agreements to support both PEMEX and Statoil with a broad range of prospect generation and field development software. Another three-year agreement delivers information management services to China.
On the technology frontier, Landmark Graphics Corporation announced the release of DecisionSpace®
Well Seismic FusionTM, a unique suite of interpretation and analysis tools to improve reservoir understanding and dramatically reduce exploration risk. Working with Silicon Graphics and Marathon Oil Company, Landmark achieved another breakthrough in the search for new oil and gas reserves with advanced interactive visualization that allows scientists to evaluate acreage rapidly using four times more seismic information than previously possible.
The Fluids Systems segment is leveraging its strong market leadership in cementing to further improve its pricing in this robust market. In our Baroid product line, our focus in 2004 has been on rightsizing our operations in areas that have been slow to pick up, particularly the Gulf of Mexico and the North Sea. Baroid is launching projects in Mexico and Bangladesh in alliance with National Oilwell to provide solids control and waste management services and equipment at the rig site. Similar operations are already under way in the
United States, Venezuela and Brazil. We are very excited by this new market oppor tunity.
Throughout both KBR and the ESG, innovative new technologies are helping customers reduce costs, improve productivity, use resources more efficiently and maximize the return on their investment. The industry recognized our innovation by honoring Halliburton with more prestigious technology awards than any other service company, including three for the DepthStar® subsur face safety valve.
At Halliburton, we’re committed not just to our customers and shareholders, but also to all of the communities that we call home. Everywhere I travel, I see employees in red T-shirts cleaning beaches, building schools, feeding the hungry, raising money for medical research and caring for those who need our help the most. I hear about employees who have made tough decisions to handle situations ethically. I know how hard our Company works to develop eco-friendly technologies and minimize the environmental footprint we leave on our job sites. I support the priority we place on safety, which has earned us the reputation as the best in this arena. All across the Company, all around the world, I’m proud of the work we do.
As the challenges of 2004 fade into the past and the opportunities of a new year come into focus, it is easy to see beyond the rhetoric, beyond the litigation – beyond all the other difficulties – to the promising future of this great Company.
From my seat, I like what I see.
David J. Lesar
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Of ficer of Hallibur ton
 