 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
UNCOMPROMISING FOCUS
In 2008, we achieved the highest oilfield revenues in our history as customers turned to Halliburton to help them meet their project challenges and production goals. Halliburton technologies enabled operators to develop complex reservoirs in areas such as deep water, tight gas, shale and heavy oil. As a result, both of our operating divisions experienced double-digit growth.
The Drilling and Evaluation Division continued to expand its product portfolio, fueled by commercialization of key technologies that help customers drill more efficiently and evaluate the potential of their reservoirs more effectively. Division revenue grew 21 percent in 2008 and now represents 46 percent of Halliburton’s total revenue, performance that was led by the increased success in international markets of our suite of rotary steerable tools and measurement solutions used in directional and horizontal drilling applications.
Leadership market positions helped Halliburton’s Completion and Production Division deliver 18 percent revenue growth year-over-year. The development of unconventional gas remained the most significant onshore growth trend in North America and, increasingly, in international markets. Furthermore, in deepwater, our customers valued Halliburton’s innovative completion and stimulation technologies for their ability to increase productivity and efficiency in these challenging environments.
At the center of Halliburton’s growth is a focus on aggressively expanding international business while strengthening our successful North American franchise. Halliburton is bringing solutions to the most challenging projects, from the remote corners of Siberia to the deep waters off the coast of Brazil. Halliburton grew its international business 22 percent year-over-year, led by significant growth across Africa, the Middle East and Latin America.
We continued to develop responsive supply-chain and manufacturing networks to support our growing international business. In 2008, we opened additional manufacturing centers in Malaysia, Brazil and Mexico. We also opened a new technology center in Singapore and an improved research and development laboratory in Norway. Collectively, these investments enhance our ability to respond quickly to our customers’ needs in their areas of operation.
Halliburton increased its level of technology investment in 2008 and today leads the industry with a portfolio of more than 7,000 patents. We also strengthened our platform of technologies and services through complementary acquisitions such as WellDynamics, Pinnacle Technologies Inc., KSI and Protech Centerform.
Our 2008 results are evidence of our uncompromising focus on delivering solid performance and innovative solutions to our global customers. For the past four years, Halliburton has posted record oilfield revenue and earnings, yet has remained disciplined in its fiscal approach. We closed 2008 with a strong balance sheet and liquidity position, giving us a financial platform that will allow us the flexibility to meet the challenges and opportunities of the years ahead.
2 HALLIBURTON 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

 NAVIGATING TURBULENT WATERS
Since 1981, the oil and gas markets have experienced five unique cycles that varied in depth and duration. 2009 brings a new set of challenges as the downturn in the global economy negatively impacts the short-term outlook for the industry. The tightening of capital markets and ensuing global recession has depressed commodity prices and forced customers to constrict their capital expenditures to enable them to operate within their cash flows. This has created a more pronounced weakening in industry fundamentals than we have experienced in past cycles.
Drawing on experience gained in previous downturns, we are responding to temper the impact of the activity decline on our financial performance by taking the following actions:
• Protect market position – Halliburton is committed to protecting our strong North American franchise while expanding our international position. Halliburton remains well aligned with primary integrated, national oil companies and large independent customers in key geologic basins around the globe.
• Maintain technology differentiation – Halliburton’s portfolio of technologies and services is uniquely positioned to drive efficiency through innovation throughout the well life cycle. We will invest in technologies that will strengthen our competitive position.
• Create competitive advantage – The comprehensive breadth of our portfolio enables us
to provide integrated solutions, from well planning through production, that drive technical, logistical and cost efficiencies within large projects.
• Reduce input costs – Nearly two-thirds of our overall costs are in the materials that support our daily business. We will leverage our supply-chain structure to improve global sourcing availability and lower supplier costs across our global network. Though headcount reductions will be made in locations experiencing significant activity declines, our goal
is to minimize the number of employees affected to avoid high recruitment and training costs when industry fundamentals improve.
These actions, along with our strong financial position, will provide Halliburton with the flexibility to help position us for the market’s eventual recovery.
HALLIBURTON 2008 ANNUAL REPORT 3

 Despite the short-term obstacles, the long-term prospects for the industry are robust. For example, the International Energy Agency forecasts a 45 percent increase in energy demand by 2030 fueled by accelerated growth in China, India and the Middle East. Meanwhile, many of the world’s largest fields have passed their production peak and are in decline. Globally, decline curves for oil wells are estimated to be over 5 percent, with decline curves for gas fields in North America estimated to be over 25 percent annually. While these natural decline curves pose a significant challenge to our customers, Halliburton is well placed to provide the technology and expertise to support them in this endeavor.
INNOVATION AND INTEGRATION
With employees working in over 70 countries, Halliburton people continue to gain experience from working in the most challenging reservoirs and environments around the globe. Our technology focus draws on this experience and that of our customers in solving the most significant challenges in the economic exploitation of oil and gas resources.
Reducing uncertainty and increasing precision
in complex reservoirs
Reservoirs are becoming smaller and more complex. Reducing geologic and economic uncertainty is a key priority for our customers, especially in areas such as deep water. Our modeling and interpretation expertise, coupled with new developments to improve evaluation of prospective reservoirs, will help our customers better exploit their portfolios.
Improving net recovery factors from old and new fields
In the average reservoir, our customers typically recover only 35 percent of oil in place. Halliburton is working to develop new technologies, including nano-scale materials, that help better illuminate the reservoir and enable improved oil recovery.
Making the unconventional conventional
Unconventional resources will be a crucial component of the energy mix of the future. Recent technology developments have enabled unconventional gas to take a significant role in global gas development. Halliburton’s leading solutions in data gathering, fracture mapping and completion systems assist operators in economically unlocking the value of these reservoirs.
Reliably accessing deeply buried reservoirs
Significant resources are located in deeply buried reservoirs, characterized by high-temperature and high-pressure regimes, which to this point have been challenging to exploit economically. In close association with our customers, we are developing important technologies that can provide the needed insight to make drilling and evaluating these hostile environments more productive.
Integrating capabilities to drive efficiency
Increasing efficiency is a key business driver in challenging economic environments. Building on Halliburton’s market-leading, real-time expertise, the Digital AssetTM helps us to integrate
the right technologies with the most relevant real-time data to create a customized asset solution. Digital Asset solutions
often involve the delivery of multiple products and services as
a total system solution.
To customers looking for a step change in well performance and cost efficiency for large projects, we leverage our broad array
of services to offer an integrated solution from well planning to completion, fostering an asset-specific approach. At present, nearly 30 percent of our total revenues are generated by multi- service contracts. We believe that this percentage will grow and will be an important source of competitive advantage as customers turn to robust solutions to exploit more complex assets.
DELIVERING LONG-TERM VALUE
Today we stand on a platform of solid financial performance,
a balanced portfolio of industry-leading products and services,
and a global infrastructure. We will continue our focus on expanding our geographic footprint, bringing superior service delivery and technical expertise to our customers around the globe.
Incorporating sustainable processes and technologies into our daily operational activities is a key priority in addressing the vital issues we face in the global communities where we work. For example,
in many parts of the world, fresh water is becoming an increasingly precious resource. In 2008, Halliburton introduced a new fluid system that can function with a wide variety of produced water, eliminating the need for fresh water. You can learn more about
how Halliburton is dedicated to the innovations needed to bring sustainable solutions to locations around the world in our 2008 Sustainability Report published as a companion document to our Annual Report.
While Halliburton has good insight into the supply dynamics
of the global energy industry, the timing of the recovery of the global economy and resulting demand for hydrocarbons in the short term is less clear. Regardless of this challenge, Halliburton’s strengths are evident. Halliburton has the unique ability to foster integration and innovation across our technology portfolio to deliver robust solutions that help our customers reduce costs
and improve production.
Our leadership in technology, the breadth of our offerings, and our relentless focus on quality make us confident that customers around the world will continue to depend on Halliburton for the ingenuity and expertise to help them meet their most difficult challenges.
  David J. Lesar
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
Mark A. McCollum
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Albert O. Cornelison, Jr.
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Timothy J. Probert
Executive Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development
  4 HALLIBURTON 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
