TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
When we say that outstanding performance is a part of our DNA at Halliburton, we have the results to stand behind that statement. We uniquely delivered superior growth, margins, and shareholder returns compared to our primary competitors.
During 2010, Halliburton achieved revenue growth of 22 percent. Operating income expanded 51 percent over 2009, and the Company generated market-leading returns on capital employed of 15 percent. This performance is notable in light of the moderated recovery of the broad economy from the recent global recession. North America experienced a dramatic recovery in activity. International markets commenced a gradual ascent as large customers rationalized spending and deferred project startups. As we look toward the coming year, we anticipate that our international markets will continue to repair, led by the revival of offshore and deepwater activity. We believe the industry is on the verge of another up-cycle, and Halliburton is positioned with the right technology in the right markets to capitalize on this growth.
Our 2010 results reflect the successful execution of our strategy to utilize our broad global capabilities to enhance our market share position. Going forward, we will focus on the world’s fastest growing oil service market segments, including unconventional reservoirs, deepwater, and mature fields.
UNCONVENTIONAl OPPORTUNITy Led by opportunities in oil- and liquids-rich basins, North America experi- enced a resurgence of activity with a 45 percent increase in the United States land rig count. Oil and gas operators continued to explore and develop unconventional reservoirs in areas such as the Haynesville, Bakken, Eagle Ford, and Marcellus plays, leading to a 66 percent increase in horizontal drilling activity year-over-year. The U.S. domestic market experienced a structural shift away from natural gas activity and toward oil-directed activity, which increased 83 percent year-over-year.
Halliburton has become the leader in the development of unconventional reservoirs through the provision of its innovative proprietary technologies to the market, along with improved process efficiencies and expert reservoir knowledge. A superior delivery platform is another key element of the Halliburton DNA. Our ability to execute in these complex basins provides better economics for
our customers.
    2010 ANNUAL REPORT
3
  
 4
 HALLIBURTON
By leveraging our reservoir knowledge, we created life-of-the-well solutions to drive down drilling and completion times and to increase operational efficiency. For example, in the Bakken play, we were the leader in developing a hybrid completion solution combining conventional methods with sliding-sleeve completion tools, resulting in our ability to complete fracture stages 40 percent faster. Delivering this kind of innovation and efficiency is what sets our solutions apart.
Our strategy in leading the North American unconventional market is to provide the services and technologies that allow us to deliver the lowest cost per unit of production for our customers. With this in mind, we are reinventing our service delivery model for well stimulation services. We are developing technology to dramatically increase the reliability of our equipment and reduce maintenance costs. In addition, advances in modeling have united the pet- rophysical domain and field operations, making production enhancement at Halliburton a multidisciplinary applied science that only a fully integrated company can deliver. Through the use of microseismic, reservoir modeling, and a proprietary complex fracture model, we can assist our customers in delivering the most effective completions for a given well, and also predict how to increase production from an entire field.
Unconventional resources have changed the landscape of the North American market, but going forward we see an even greater opportunity in the international unconventional markets. Only 25 percent of the world’s unconventional reserves are located in North America. The remaining 75 percent of these resources lie in international markets. China, Australia, Poland, Saudi Arabia, Argentina, Colombia, and Russia are emerging unconventional markets that will become new frontiers for customers looking to build on their success in North America. We are well positioned to support them in the development of their global assets.
dEEPwATER INNOVATION During the last two years, 139 successful deepwater exploratory wells were drilled, marking a significant expansion into new basins – many in areas where there had been limited previous exploration activity, including Ghana, the Philippines, and Mozambique. As a result of these successes, capital spending on deepwater projects is forecast to grow at approximately 13 percent over the next three years, with projects expanding into relatively untapped markets such as Australia, Southeast Asia, East Africa, the Mediterranean, and the Black Sea.
   
innovation
Halliburton is innovating in deepwater through compelling formation evaluation technology, leading performance in HP/HT drilling, and multizone well completions.
   2010 ANNUAL REPORT
5
  
 6
 HALLIBURTON
 integration
Halliburton excels in all three of the following required areas to fully impact the decline
curve: reservoir consulting, wellbore architecture, and well intervention.
  
In all regions, customers are drilling deeper and in more challenging environments, which translates into growing levels of service intensity. In the future, deepwater wells will become significantly deeper, with increased geologic complexity that requires more sophisticated and differentiated technology.
Halliburton will play a valuable role in developing new technological innovations and best practices to help customers operate safely and efficiently in these challenging environments. This year, we commercialized several key innovations for the deepwater market. Landmark Software and Services released DecisionSpace® Desktop technology, which is the next-generation software offering geosciences-interpretation and earth-modeling capa- bilities. Developed in close collaboration with Statoil, this product streamlines upstream technology workflows and sets new standards by enabling distributed, multi-user teams to work in a common workspace, leading to more efficient and informed decision-making. Building on our leadership in deepwater completions, our latest innovation, the ESTMZTM (Enhanced Single-Trip Multizone) gravel pack system, has no equal. An extremely efficient sand-control solution for sub-salt deepwater projects, it can potentially decrease the time to complete a deepwater well by 42 days, saving customers up to $30 million in rig time. Another industry first that’s particularly relevant in high-cost deepwater environments is the GeoTap® IDS sensor, which enables customers to take fluid samples in real time during the drilling process to enhance reservoir characterization, with significant time and cost savings.
IMPACTING THE dEClINE CURVE The oil service industry has historically focused much of its energy on the front end of the exploration and production value chain, including exploration, appraisal, and primary development, with insufficient attention paid to assisting our customers in managing production declines in older fields. We believe many older, more mature fields offer economical opportunities for redevelopment. The solution to impacting the decline curve depends on efficiency and economy. Customers will look to service providers that have the broad capabilities to deliver increased production from these fields – and that can add value to
their asset portfolios.
There are currently 1.5 million producing wells on the planet, with another 90,000 wells drilled every year. The average well needs to be worked over every three to five years to maintain acceptable levels of production. This creates significant opportunities for Halliburton, as many of these mature fields were devel- oped with yesterday’s technology. Today, access to a greater amount of geological, geophysical, and production data, combined with
    2010 ANNUAL REPORT
7
  
 8
 HALLIBURTON
current technology, enables us to significantly improve the overall economics of these fields. State-owned and international oil companies alike are looking to use updated methodologies to reinvigorate the life of their mature fields, making this an excellent growth market for us.
With more than 500 technical consultants across the world who have extensive expertise in geosciences and engineering, coupled with the added production expertise from the recently completed acquisition of Boots & Coots, Halliburton is the largest well-intervention company in the world, with all the required components to fully address the underserved mature fields market.
lOOkING AHEAd Our growth in the coming years will be fueled by global opportunities to deliver services and technology to developing unconventional reservoirs, deepwater environments, and mature fields. We are placing a significant amount of focus on these three high-growth areas, and we are committed to spending $3 billion this year to invest in our business, infrastructure, and global supply chain to position us to continue to outgrow our competition. We are also committed to maintaining our North American margin leadership and compressing the international margin gap with our leading competitor.
Halliburton has made strategic investments and aligned with the right customers in the right markets; as a result, we are uniquely positioned to benefit from the expected upturn in the energy cycle. We are not resting on the laurels of our outstanding financial and operating performance of the past year. Instead, we are investing in the technologies, people, and processes that will allow us to continue to deliver superior growth, superior margins, and superior returns for our shareholders. It is in our DNA.
   david J. lesar
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
Mark A. McCollum
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Albert O. Cornelison, Jr.
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Timothy J. Probert
President, Strategy and Corporate Development
     