    ADVANCING TECHNOLOGY
DELIVERING RESULTS
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
We are very proud to report that 2011 was a highly successful year for our Company. Increased demand for our services and solid execution drove record revenues of $24.8 billion and operating income of $4.7 billion. We achieved return on average capital employed of 19 percent, revenue growth of 38 percent and operating income growth of 57 percent. Our growth, margins and returns in 2011 were superior to the financial results of our primary competitors.
The foundation of our successful strategy, based on leveraging three key market segments to drive superior growth, remains unchanged. We will continue to diligently pursue opportunities in unconventional plays, deepwater projects and mature fields.
LEAdING IN UNCONVENTIONAL PLAys Our technology leadership played a significant role in unconventional fields in 2011. We introduced our new RapidSuiteTM sliding sleeve system, which provides our customers with a dramatic increase in efficiency in the completion of horizontal unconventional reservoirs.
We continued to deploy our CleanSuiteTM technologies in 2011, a group of products and services designed to reduce the use of chemicals and water in hydraulic fracturing operations. The CleanSuite system represents our commitment to responsible energy development.
In the North America unconventional market, we have made great progress in deploying elements of our
“Frac of the Future” strategic initiative to improve our capital and operational efficiency, such as our ADPTM advanced dry polymer blenders and SandCastle® proppant storage systems. Additionally, we are rolling out our firstseriesofQ10TM pumps,whichhavedemonstratedsignificantreliabilityandmaintenanceadvantagesinfield testing over our current fleet, which is already generally considered to be the best in the industry. These new technologies are also delivering improvements in our environmental performance.
As the industry leader in unconventional shale plays, we performed the first shale fracture treatments in numerous countries around the globe, including Argentina, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, Australia, and Poland. Furthermore, customer consulting agreements have given us an opportunity to screen some 150 unconventional worldwide basins and perform over 60 detailed studies allowing us to enhance our understanding of global shale resources.
MAkING dEEPwATER AdVANCEMENTs In 2011, we broke ground at the construction site of our new technology center at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro Technology Park. This groundbreaking event represents a milestone in the Technology Collaboration Agreement signed in 2009 between Halliburton and Petrobras for the purpose of providing deepwater research and technology development in Brazil and around the world.
We continued to invest in our deepwater business in 2011. Our wireline team advanced technology in deepwater, setting a new world record for hostile pressure testing and sampling operations. In addition, our Sperry Drilling product service line further solidified its leadership position in high-temperature drilling applications with its unique high-temperature motors and SOLARTM Geo-Pilot® high-temperature rotary steerable system, which are unmatched in the industry today.
     02 HALLIBURTON

  Technology permeates its way across all of our product service lines
During the year, we secured key deepwater contract wins in East Africa, Vietnam, Malaysia, Australia, China and Brazil, as well as other markets. We opened three new field offices in East Africa, setting the foundation for future activity in this important deepwater basin.
Our outstanding service quality continues to be recognized by our customers. We believe that our strengthening market position and service quality reputation will benefit us as newbuild deepwater rigs are deployed in 2012 and beyond.
MAxIMIzINGMATURE-FIELdPERFORMANCE Inmaturefields,ournewtechnologiesareallowingourcustomers to improve their hydrocarbon recovery rates economically. Halliburton’s Boots & Coots product service line offers a unique new service to help clients efficiently perform stimulation and remedial operations to enhance production in very long lateral wells. This PowerReachSM service combines coiled tubing and jointed pipe to deliver game- changing technology in extended-reach applications.
Throughout 2011, we continued to build our capabilities to service mature fields, and we supported that effort with several acquisitions that enable us to broaden the scope of our mature-field offerings. The most significant of these was Multi-Chem, a premier provider of production and completion chemicals focused on production assurance throughout the life of our customers’ wells. This acquisition will enable us to deliver additional value to our customers and shareholders as we expand the global footprint of this product line.
BUILdINGRELATIONshIPs,dELIVERINGREsULTs Everyday,ourfocusisondeliveringresultsforourcustomers, and we believe that our performance was commendable in 2011. As proof of this, Halliburton was selected as one
of seven world leaders out of 40 companies in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, winning Best in Class for Human Capital Development, Standards for Suppliers, Corporate Governance, and Customer Relationship Management.
Looking forward, we continue to have a positive outlook for energy demand and related oilfield activity growth as our customers invest in their resources and optimize their development plans focused on increasingly complex projects. As such, we will continue expanding our capabilities and driving efficiency through technology and logistical improvements to enable this growth.
Finally, we would like to thank our board of directors, employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders who have enabled Halliburton to reach these new heights.
  david J. Lesar
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
Mark A. McCollum
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Albert O. Cornelison, Jr.
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Timothy J. Probert
President, Strategy and Corporate Development
2011 ANNUAL REPORT 03
       