To Our Shareholders

FROM THE CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Fiscal Year 2009 was a time of both extraordinary challenge and accomplishment for Harman International. We experienced the deepest global economic crisis of a lifetime, while launching a record number of new audio and infotainment platforms to start delivering on the largest project backlog in Harman's history. As more than 70 companies in the automotive sector declared insolvency, Harman fought back aggressively to optimize its cost structure while continuing its legacy of innovation. We are emerging as a stronger company and we are well positioned to gain market share and grow profitably in the coming years. Net sales for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2009 were $2.9 billion, a decrease of 30 percent from the previous year as consumer confidence and spending activity fell to the lowest level in a generation. Amidst this sharp drop in market volume, we recorded an operating loss of $509 million including non-recurring costs. Net loss was $423 million and loss per diluted share was $7.19 including non-recurring costs. As the fiscal year began, global economic concerns were deepening amidst a widespread credit crisis spurred by sub-prime lending. Strategically, Harman had acted earlier to launch its $400 million STEP Change permanent cost savings and productivity improvement program. Nearly 250 distinct measures were defined to optimize the Company's cost structure and operations, driven by a dedicated project team and real-time tracking systems. STEP Change achievements to date include the closure or consolidation of more than a dozen facilities and the reduction of nearly 2,000 jobs in the mature markets to optimize our global footprint. We recognize the hardship these actions bring to some employees and we have worked hard to treat them with respect and dignity while clearly communicating our strategy for long-term success. Other STEP Change measures focus on such areas as supply-chain efficiencies, information technology infrastructure, simplified sales channels and new strategic providers for travel, consulting and services. As of year end, we achieved $190 million in sustainable cost savings, well ahead of our $144 million target for the year. The full $400 million STEP Change program will be completed by the end of fiscal year 2011, positioning Harman International to more profitably serve pent-up market demand as the world economy rebounds. Amidst this environment of aggressive cost reduction and prudent cash management, we took many other steps to strengthen Harman for the future. Managing liquidity was an area of intense focus during the year. Beyond the sustainable STEP Change measures under way, we took incremental actions to weather the economic storm by freezing salaries and suspending pension contributions where permitted and reducing travel costs by 30 percent through mandatory controls. Our capital investment programs were guided by an executive tribunal which allowed us to reduce capital outlays by more than 40 percent from the previous year without compromising innovation or customer programs. To further strengthen liquidity, we successfully amended our primary revolving credit facility to extend its maturity through December 2011. We launched a successful capital offering of more than ten million common

Harman International Annual Report 2009

3

shares, raising gross proceeds of $191 million. As of June 30, 2009, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of $591 million, a comfortable liquidity position as we complete our turnaround and execute on the STEP Change program. While optimizing the Company's higher-cost operations, we have invested strategically in the emerging markets where untapped opportunity abounds for Harman. We opened new R&D centers in Bangalore, India and Shanghai, China, where we now employ nearly 200 highly qualified software and product development engineers. We inaugurated a new world-class manufacturing plant in Suzhou, China and were quickly rewarded with a new automotive audio project from BMW China. We expanded our production facilities in Hungary and Mexico, and divested or outsourced several non-core activities. We launched a comprehensive growth and channel strategy for the Asian markets. Despite the severe challenges of the global economic crisis, Harman continued to invest in innovation and to execute on its large project backlog. Our automotive team successfully completed the last of 13 major platform launches by year end, and as a result, we have been rewarded with new business by our satisfied customers. As this annual report goes to press, our company has been awarded two strategic orders for next-generation infotainment systems from BMW and Daimler. Including these new orders, we now have an estimated $10 billion in awarded audio and infotainment business which will be delivered over the next several years. Our recent platform introductions and new awards have lifted our company to a new level that is the envy of our competition. This large volume of awarded business validates Harman's strong competitive advantage and it will serve our company both technologically and commercially for many years to come. We can be proud of the fact that the majority of luxury cars worldwide now have Harman infotainment systems and that we ship some two million branded audio systems annually to enrich the driving experience and help automakers market their cars at premium prices. An estimated 20 million vehicles on the road today are equipped with Harman systems for audio, navigation, infotainment and driver assistance. Our innovative products helped automakers earn numerous honors during Fiscal Year 2009, including the Harman equipped HyundaiTM Genesis Sedan which was named 2009 North American Car of the Year at the Detroit Auto Show and the BMW® 7-Series which was judged as technologically most advanced car by a leading analyst. To continue this legacy of innovation, we launched the Harman GreenEdgeTM series of energysaving audio and infotainment systems and formed an exclusive partnership with Lotus Engineering of the UK to develop advanced sound management solutions for the coming wave of hybrid and electric vehicles. Our Consumer Division sharpened its focus by eliminating under-achieving products, yielding a net SKU reduction of 50 percent. This freed precious resources to improve execution on development and market launches. The division introduced a number of strategic new products, including a premium Blu-ray Disc® player, a line of stylish audio products co-branded with fashion leader Roxy, and high-fidelity speakers for computer makers Lenovo and Toshiba. Harman Consumer products were honored by leading journalists and trade associations, boosting the brand recognition that helps drive customer loyalty in the Company's other businesses.

4 Harman International Annual Report 2009

Harman's Professional Division launched more than 100 new products during the fiscal year, leveraging the power of its HiQnetTM integration protocol which makes our products a favorite among leading sound contractors and the artists and facilities they serve. New Harman systems premiered at such venues as the new Yankees and Mets baseballs stadiums, the luxury Atlantis resort in Dubai, the Vienna State Opera, and Broadway's renewal of the classic West Side Story. Our audio systems served one of the largest public outdoor crowds ever assembled during the historic 2009 U.S. Presidential Inauguration. We celebrated the ultimate recognition of our sound quality leadership as Official Sound Partner to the Recording Academy's GRAMMY® Awards. Recognizing that the right talent is key to continuous improvement, we welcomed the contributions of several seasoned new executives during the year - including a new Chief Financial Officer, Herbert Parker; a new General Counsel, Todd Suko; a new Chief Technology Officer, Sachin Lawande; and new heads of the Automotive and Consumer divisions, Klaus Blickle and David Slump respectively. David also leads our Corporate Development initiatives. We have appointed seasoned country managers to guide our activities in the US, Japan, India, China and North Asia. Each of these individuals brings battle-tested expertise in turnaround and growth while supporting our belief that a global company must be led by executives who have successfully managed across a variety of global markets. The Harman Board was similarly strengthened during the year with the appointment of Ann McLaughlin Korologos as lead director and the election of Rajat K. Gupta, Senior Partner Emeritus - McKinsey & Company and Hellene Runtagh - Former President and CEO, Berwind Group to succeed two retiring members. I was privileged to succeed Dr. Sidney Harman as Chairman at the beginning of the year and I am grateful to the distinguished individuals who share my commitment to making Harman's Board of Directors a model of candid governance and visible leadership. I am honored to enjoy a continued friendship with Dr. Harman in his role of Chairman Emeritus as he pursues his teaching and philanthropic projects at the young age of 91. Reaching deeper into the Harman human capital resource pool, we implemented new programs for employee development and succession planning, and for most closely linking compensation to measurable business targets. We are rolling out new talent referral and wellness programs to ensure that our employee team remains strong and sound. It is often said that diversity breeds new strength, and I believe Harman's achievements during Fiscal Year 2009 validate this axiom. While navigating a severe economic storm that devastated so many others, we responded with a renewed culture of execution, accountability and innovation. We enjoy the most positive customer relationships ever, while our record volume of awarded business and new product portfolio across all three business divisions positions Harman for a strong comeback to profitable growth. Hard work remains, as does Harman's commitment to delivering sustainable, long-term value to our shareholders and we are grateful for your support.

Best regards,

Dinesh C. Paliwal Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Harman International Annual Report 2009

5

