 Message from The Executive Chairman
 The Next Stage
WE LIVED AN EVENTFUL YEAR IN 2005, AND WE TITLE THIS REPORT THE NEXT STAGE BECAUSE WE SEE THE YEAR PAST AS POWERFUL PROLOGUE.
 In the past year, the Company set new records for sales and earnings. Sales increased 12% to $3.0 billion. Earnings per share reached $3.31, a robust 46% increase above last year. Sales have been growing at an average annual rate of 15% since 2001. In that same period, earnings have grown at a potent 62% per year.
During the course of the past year, we saw significant development in each of our three operating groups: Automotive OEM, Consumer and Professional. On these pages, we review the primary developments, and we clarify how the year became the platform for The Next Stage of the Company’s development.
Automotive OEM has been the backbone of the Company for a decade. Harman International pio- neered the integrated digital automotive systems known as Infotainment. Not surprisingly, the first adopters were the luxury carmakers, Mercedes, Audi, BMW and Porsche. There was much speculation over the years as to whether Infotainment Systems would be limited to only the most expensive cars. Were they a rich person’s novelty, a fashion, a fad? Did Harman’s engagement, in effect, define it as a niche company with a pleasant but limited future?
During the year, the answer became clear. Infotainment has become a virtually indispensable
part of the vehicle; some identify it as the central nervous system of the car. It is now widely held that, since approximately sixty million vehicles are produced annually worldwide, it will not be many years before sixty million expressions of Infotainment are produced each year. That, by anyone’s definition, is no niche product—no passing fancy. We, along with others, including the leading automakers, have developed, improved and firmly established the digital integrated Infotainment System as fundamental to the car. That realization prompted one financial analyst to conclude that every electronics company on earth would seek the business and that, as a result, the field would become extraordinarily competitive. The analyst feared that our Company would then encounter diffi- cult waters in which to navigate. His concern prompted some selling of the Company’s stock—but his conclusion was incorrect. The field is surely growing and we are demonstrating our leadership across the board as it grows.
A year ago we were awarded the Chrysler NTG 4 systems business. It marked the first bold step into the world of Infotainment by one of the Big Three. In May 2005, Harman was awarded Chrysler’s new REN entertainment system. It represented the first significant entry-level award in the automotive industry, and it was ours. In that same period, Audi
3

 
  There is no justification for compromise of quality, performance or componentry. Luxury systems simply provide more functions, more services.
 advised us that we would receive all of its Infotainment System business moving across every Audi platform including the A3, A4, A6, A8 and the Audi Q7 SUV. And Harley-Davidson broke new ground by incorporating a new Harman/Kardon branded Infotainment System in its new touring models. In combination those four awards confirmed the Company’s relevance across the full band of Infotainment Systems, moving through entry-level, mid-level and luxury-level systems. And together they presaged the new era, The Next Stage.
works well in the laboratory is merely the first step. Validating its design in the real-time, complex, rigorous environment of the automobile is the next great demanding step. The debugging of the system, the modifying, detailing and management required to assure that it will work effectively and without interference with other electrical systems in the car is the tough, demanding part. It simply does not hold that, if you can do it in the lab, you have it made in the automobile. The ability to make the leap from lab to roadway is the mark of the company that can be depended upon to get the job done. Over the years, Harman International has demonstrated that it can do just that. The Year 2005 confirmed it and helped set the stage for the future.
In the old analog world, if one made a luxury product such as a radio, a music system or a suit of clothing, the move to a less costly entry-level version dictated a compromise in the quality of the material or the com- ponentry, a further compromise in performance and a compromise of margin for the manufacturer. The new digital model does not work that way. The differentiation at various levels of price is in functionality and serv- ices rendered. There is no justification for com- promise of quality, performance or componentry. Luxury systems simply provide more functions, more services. Luxury systems provide them more quickly and seamlessly. And, since the mid-level and entry-level systems are informed by the same tech- nology developed for the luxury systems, operating margins need not be sacrificed. Grades of system are distinguished not in terms of quality, but primarily in terms of functionality. And so we speak of scalability.
As this report is written, our Company has, in hand, all of the Automotive OEM business we had forecast for the Years 2006 and 2007. We have 85% of the business we forecast for 2008 and the book is growing for the Years 2009, 2010 and beyond.
Long-held attitudes in business yield slowly to new visions. There is an old attitude that must be clarified and updated if one is to truly understand our business. In the old analog world, if one began with a luxury product (whether a pair of shoes, a multi-band radio, a high fidelity music system or a suit of clothing), the operating rules were invariable. If the design worked well in the engineering or design department, it could be placed in production with confidence that it would work well at home. In the new digital world, however, the development of a product or system that
6

  Because increased functionality is the key to under- standing our Automotive OEM business and its future, I think a brief review is useful. In early Infotainment Systems, the services provided typically included tele- phone, navigation and music reproduction. Not much more. Today’s most elaborated system, such as that which we now provide for the all new Mercedes S Class, includes voice-activated telephone and climate control, navigation, rear-seat entertainment, Internet access, hard disk recording and a superb Harman/Kardon audio system. The navigation information is displayed in high-resolution three dimensions. The voice control and facility for acquiring and managing the music library are more intuitive and more forgiving. Voice control/speech recognition no longer requires precise diction nor is it limited to English. Favorite programs can be recorded while driving and preserved and transferred with ease. The new Infotainment Systems are seamless, intuitive, multi-functional and fast. The next cycle of growth will feature increased driver assistance, security, lane guidance and distance control.
As we look to the years ahead, The Next Stage becomes increasingly clear. The automobile becomes safer even as it becomes more entertaining. It becomes sanctuary, yet it is part of a network which permits the easy transfer of entertainment from the home, to the motorcycle, the car, the office or the walk.
The cover of this Annual Report suggests the powerful new Harley-Davidson Street Glide touring motorcycle. It is an exciting illustration of the broadening applica- tion of Harman Infotainment Systems to automobiles, SUVs, trucks and now motorcycles. The Next Stage in
this exciting marketplace will provide even greater driver assistance and the beginning of automatic diag- nostics and correction for a growing number of auto- motive platforms.
The Consumer Group enjoyed a similarly exciting and promising Fiscal 2005. Multimedia activity was the star but, by no means, the only bright aspect. JBL’s OnTour and OnStage were extremely successful and were honored with Silver Design Awards by Business Week in their Annual Industrial Design Issue. JBL OnStage and OnTour suggest our growing grasp of the marketplace and the technology which now drives the consumer elec- tronics world. These products are the harbinger of more to come for use at home, on foot or in the car. The new expressions will add greater functionality for systems that serve Apple’s stunningly successful iPod as well as other MP3 players. The next big thing in this space is the widely anticipated music-enabled cell phone. Cellular firms are rapidly moving to third generation (3G) technology so that the new phones can provide music and other services. The new music phones will download from the satellites and will thus have access to the full Internet bandwidth. It is expected that by the Year 2009 over 1 billion music-enabled cell phones will be produced and sold annually. The opportunities for companies which understand the technology and its applications are exciting indeed. We are just such a company and, in this next consumer electronics stage, we will also pro- vide products and systems for easy automotive aftermarket application. An example is our newly- announced “Drive+Play” which provides full iPod control and interface along with a highly visible display. Music management, choice by album, genre or artist
7

 
  and, ultimately, control by voice will facilitate the easy transfer of the iPod from home to car and back. “Drive+Play” won the coveted “Best in Show 2005” award at the Macworld Conference and Expo in Boston.
We see a consumer business that will double in the next several years but one that will also stick to the principles that have driven its successful turnaround.
In the new year, the Consumer Group will also intro- duce a group of new “media-servers.” These are the next generation of the traditional or legacy high fidelity music products. They provide for the collection, management and distribution of large libraries of music. The new Harman media-servers will illustrate the Company’s commitment to “technology that serves the genuine needs of consumers—serves, not intimi- dates.” With them, creating a stored music library will result from listening and ripping simultaneously—no computer required. Access to the library will be effort- less and achievable from a single or multiple locations.
More—the latent custom audio business is coming alive. It was latent because, although the demand had been growing for years, the necessary distribution channel had not developed. Traditional high-fidelity retailers were either not focused on or not equipped to deal with it, and the market was largely left to freelance installers—who frequently came from the home security business. Now, a quite professional network of specialized dealers and certified installers, each with appropriate infrastructure, has developed across the nation, and the custom business “is off and running.” Our Consumer Group will be very much in that run.
As we look to The Next Stage, we see a consumer business that will double in the next several years but one that will also stick to the principles that have driven its successful turnaround. Those principles include honored brand names, adherence to the highest quality standards and the offering of genuinely creative products and services. The turnaround in the Harman Consumer Group was accompanied by a commitment to eschew volume and market share at any cost, coupled with insistence on appropriate operating margins for the Company. That principle will remain inviolate.
The Professional Group made great strides in 2005. It has pretty well completed the integration of thirteen separate and separated units into a cohesive whole. That integration includes engineering, market-
ing, distribution and finance. Today the Professional Group functions aggressively in six areas: contracting, portable PA, musical instrument, tour sound, record- ing/ broadcast and cinema.
Our diligent development of relationships
with key domestic and international
sound contractors and consultants has
growth of large-scale projects in the contracting or installed sound market. In 2005, we received the award for the magnificent new National Grand Theatre at Tiananmen Square. The Theatre will include no less than four concert halls. And we received awards for renova- tion of the system at Candlestick Park in San Francisco and for the Hong Kong Stadium. Systems were installed around the world—at the Houston Toyota Center, the Federal Express Arena in Memphis, at Hampden Park in the U.K., the Palace at Auburn Hills and at the True
driven the
 10

  North Arena Stadium in Winnipeg, Canada. Systems were installed in such high profile performing arts cen- ters as the Ryman Auditorium in Nashville, The Greek Theater in Los Angeles, Overture Hall in Madison, Wisconsin, Massey Hall in Toronto and the Shanghai Oriental Arts Center in China. We expect this activity to continue to grow with many markets in clear need of effective professional audio systems. Those markets include restaurants, houses of worship, sports facilities, nightclubs, education, boardroom and meeting facili- ties. It is a splendid business.
The portable PA market is our second largest market and is served by numerous music product retailers. They range from one-location “mom and pop” opera- tions to national chains such as Guitar Center. These dealers sell smaller sound systems and accessories that are often used by local bands, church groups and school systems.
The musical instrument field provides products, other than the actual instruments, which musicians use in the creation of music. They include guitar pedals and multi-effects processors in which we are the market leader. Tour Sound comprises several related customer groups that purchase audio products for professional presentation and performance support. It is an activity that continues to expand, serving the demand for continuous enhancement of audio performance by touring companies and individual stars. Those who perform with our equipment include Neil Diamond, Paul McCartney, Bruce Springsteen, the Eagles and U2.
The HiQnet System
The recording/broadcast sector forms the third largest vertical market for our Professional Group. Our customers are the recording studios, the home hobbyists and the broadcast stations. It is a broad range of cus- tomers, all of whom have seen significant shifts in the technology. The arrival of computer-based recording has meant the virtual end of such classic instruments as tape machines and large format music mixing consoles; new digital systems and powered loud speakers are the key new instrumentation. There are two dominant segments in the broadcast arena, the state- owned and the private. In general, the state-owned sector is still driven by large investment where quality, flexibility, and long-term relationships are critical. The second demands shorter term, more cost-effective solutions. We are vigorously engaged in both.
 11

  
 14

  Our corporate team. From the left: Bernie Girod, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Dr. Sidney Harman, Executive Chairman; Frank Meredith, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and Dr. Erich Geiger, Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer
 The Year 2005 has provided both new bench- marks and a launching platform going forward.
The last of our vertical segments is cinema. While motion picture theaters in the United States are expand- ing modestly, the bulk of new screens are expected to be built in international areas such as Asia, South America and Russia. China is and will continue to be a growing market for us. Warner Bros. International Cinemas has committed to build thirty multiplexes in the next three years throughout China. We have supplied equipment for two of them and will vigorously pursue the others. The arrival of digital cinema has been anticipated for years. It will provide major advantages to the producers and the distributors, but its emergence has been delayed by a not-yet-resolved struggle over who should bear the financial responsibility. There are fewer than 250 digital projection systems worldwide today, and only ninety of those are installed in the U.S. and Canada. When the inevitable resolution occurs, we will confront a substan- tial opportunity—and we are ready for it. Key to the future and indicative of the progressive approach the Company continues to take in this interesting field is our HiQnet protocol. This networking system will replace numerous networking protocols used throughout our Professional Group. For the first time, it will be possible to configure, connect and control a complete profes- sional sound system from microphone to speaker on one unified digital network. It will eliminate duplication and confusion. It will further enhance the integration process, and it will encourage the choice of our JBL, Crown, dbx, BSS, Lexicon, Soundcraft, Studer and AKG professional products throughout the professional world. The first HiQnet systems are now being installed
in the Hong Kong Stadium and in the Universal Amphitheatre in Los Angeles.
In summary, it is fair to say that Harman International is sticking to its knitting. That knitting has become impressively sophisticated over the years, and the Year 2005 has provided both new benchmarks and a launching platform going forward. It is, for that reason, that we have entitled this Annual Report, The Next Stage. We look forward to it—eagerly.
Sincerely,
Sidney Harman
Executive Chairman
 15
