Chairman's Letter
To Our Shareholders ­ Fiscal year 2015 was a year of incredible change and growth for HARMAN, culminating in outstanding financial results that reflect our relentless commitment to innovation, execution and cost leadership:
Y Y Y Y

Revenue reached a record high of $6.16 billion, up 15% over the prior year. Operating income was up 29%* to $554* million compared to $430* million in FY2014. Earnings Per Share (EPS) was up 29%* to $5.71*. Automotive backlog of awarded business hit a record high $23 billion.

With our entry onto the Fortune 500 list, HARMAN now has delivered nine consecutive quarters of top and bottom line growth. This performance could not have been achieved without the dedication and teamwork of our employees and partners. It is a testament to their integrity, ingenuity and work ethic that we produced such impressive results. I am exceptionally proud of our leadership and organization for the flexibility they demonstrated as we took bold steps to transform HARMAN and improve our competitive position in an increasingly connected ­ and complex ­ world.

billion, up 10% over fiscal year 2014. EBITDA was up 33%*. HARMAN's Infotainment backlog of awarded business reached $17 billion. We capitalized on higher automotive production and increasing demand for a connected car experience by increasing take rates, delivering platform expansions and winning competitive replacement awards and follow-on business with strategic accounts. In fiscal year 2015, the HARMAN Infotainment team won additional next-generation business with long-time customers BMW and Daimler. In Japan, HARMAN won a competitive replacement award from Subaru for their car lines globally. In addition, Suzuki launched its new Lapin vehicle with an all-new infotainment system from HARMAN. This is the first time a non-Asian supplier has delivered an infotainment solution designed specifically for the Japanese market, and it is an excellent example of how our scalable platform delivers speed-to-market and flexible design to global OEMs. HARMAN also continued its strides in China with follow-on business from Chinese automaker Guangzhou Automobile, a jointventure partner of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. To maintain our leadership in infotainment, HARMAN continued to invest in innovations that reflect OEM and driver demands for a broader embedded and integrated connected car experience. In fiscal year 2015, HARMAN introduced a 5 + 1 multi-layer security solution, the first Learning Navigation & National Data Standard (NDS)-based navigation system with OTA updating capabilities, and a Smart Essentials entry-level platform leveraging smartphone connectivity. HARMAN's recent acquisitions give HARMAN further scope to expand into automotive cloud services, including more sophisticated OTA capabilities with Redbend which we believe will become the de facto standard for OTA software services for mobile devices and automotive applications. While HARMAN technologies and solutions are forming the building blocks for autonomous driving, the connected car itself presents very exciting opportunities for a safer, more secure and more immersive driving experience, and we have only just begun to tap into the potential of this growing market. LIFESTYLE

HARMAN's vision is to make life more connected, entertaining, personalized and productive. Our mission is to design and deliver smart products, systems, software and services that connect people wherever they are.
Over the last couple of years, HARMAN has been emphasizing the growing importance of software and services in a world driven by the Internet of Things (IoT). To meet the demand for seamless connectivity across the car, home and enterprise, in January 2015, HARMAN announced the acquisition of Mountain View-based Symphony Teleca, a software engineering and integration services company, and Israel-based Redbend, a leading provider of Over-TheAir (OTA) software and firmware upgrading services for automotive and consumer devices. These acquisitions brought to HARMAN more than 8,000 talented individuals, many of them software engineers and designers, and gave us immediate scale to deliver solutions at the convergence of cloud, mobility and analytics. Now, we are positioned to design, deliver, integrate and manage connected technologies for all markets. Turning to our business performance, HARMAN had a banner year in each of our four divisions with customer wins and new product introductions that underscore the expanding role of connectivity and software within the markets we serve. INFOTAINMENT In many ways, this was a breakout year for the connected car with HARMAN expanding our leadership in this growing market. In 2015, HARMAN's net sales in our Infotainment division reached $3.125

In fiscal year 2015, HARMAN introduced exciting home and multimedia and car audio solutions that raised the standard in sound quality, design and performance. Reflecting a growing demand for HARMAN's robust and diverse audio brands, HARMAN's

Lifestyle division achieved record revenue of $1.887 million in fiscal year 2015, up 14% over FY 2014, and produced an all-time high EBITDA growth of 14%* over the prior year. Our car audio backlog of awarded business also reached an all-time high level of $6.0 billion, representing a growth of 40% over the previous year. This growth was driven by wins with BMW, Daimler, Kia, Lexus, Lincoln and Hyundai. HARMAN has earned its leadership position in car audio by designing and engineering the most technologically sophisticated sound systems in the world and building the strongest portfolio of brands that help our customers distinguish their own unique brand propositions. To build on this strategy, in 2015 HARMAN acquired the Bang & Olufsen® car audio business. Bang & Olufsen is a distinctive brand with sound systems available in a wide range of Audi, Aston Martin, BMW and Mercedes-Benz car models. We believe this brand complements HARMAN's existing premium branded offerings and strengthens our position in this segment as we expand the Bang & Olufsen branded solutions at the top of the high-end luxury segment and look to rapidly grow B&O PLAY® branded solutions in the larger mass luxury market. In home and multimedia, HARMAN also had an outstanding year. HARMAN is now the global volume leader in portable speakers and the global market leader in sports headphones, selling more units than any other company in the industry. In calendar year 2014, we secured a record-setting total of 51 design and innovation awards for 34 different products. At the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in January 2015, HARMAN won seven spots on CNET's Best Wireless Headphones list and led the industry with five "world's first" product launches in FY 2015. PROFESSIONAL Despite continued currency headwinds and sluggish growth in Europe and emerging markets, net sales in HARMAN's Professional division were up 23% to $1.05 billion, primarily due to the expansion of our portfolio into enterprise control and automation. Big stadium wins included the Atlanta Hawks, Cleveland Browns, Green Bay Packers, Wrigley Field expansion and Arthur Ashe Stadium. HARMAN also secured video wins with Condé Nast (1 WTC), Nike, Chevron, Federal Reserve, and Nanjing Olympic Stadium. Innovation played a key role in our growth in the Professional division with the launch of more than 200 products. Further validating our success, we were recognized with 38 industry awards for our entertainment and enterprise solutions. In fiscal year 2015, HARMAN's audio, video, lighting and enterprise automation solutions were selected by leading system integrators and installers around the world. Some notable projects include NATO Headquarters in Brussels, the Daytona International Speedway in Florida and the SuperVia Urban Trains system in Brazil, a transportation network connecting 12 cities and serving roughly 165 million passengers annually. This project is a complete network software package and just one example of the connected solutions we are driving in the enterprise space. With a few key acquisitions and an organizational restructuring that began in FY 2015, we believe that HARMAN's Professional division is now resourced and structured to win these types of large infrastructure projects that are being initiated around the world. SERVICES The HARMAN Services division was officially formed on July 1, 2015, combining Symphony Teleca, Redbend and HARMAN Automotive Services. With an impressive client base of more than 400 top companies around the world, including Microsoft, Morgan

Stanley and Adobe, this high-margin business presents many opportunities for HARMAN to elevate our existing solutions in our other divisions and expand into new and growing markets. In fiscal year 2015, Symphony Teleca added $89 million for three months of revenue to HARMAN's performance, including new business wins with Microsoft, GE Healthcare, Jaguar Land Rover, Verizon and Blackberry. Reflecting the division's growing influence with its customers, HARMAN Services was recognized as the Microsoft 2015 IoT Partner of the Year for accelerating innovation across the connected car, connected home and connected enterprise. HARMAN also achieved Automotive SPICE Level 3 certification, positioning HARMAN as one of the few organizations in the world to be recognized for outstanding software development capabilities and practices in automotive electronics and embedded systems. Turning to HARMAN's broader corporate strategy, our five strategic pillars continue to serve as our roadmap for profitable, sustainable growth. Extend Technology Leadership HARMAN's pipeline of innovations has never been stronger with approximately 5,700 patents and patents pending. Our Corporate Technology Group works closely with our divisions to identify new opportunities that can set us apart and produce profitable returns for HARMAN. Our consistent investments have paid off with industry first innovations in infotainment and audio that have advanced the connected car, connected enterprise and connected lifestyle. In 2015 at CES, we showcased HARMAN's scalable embedded infotainment offerings to address the full spectrum of vehicle segments, including entry- to mid-level cars, with a feature-rich, automotive-grade platform that integrates the latest smartphone apps such as Apple CarPlayTM, Android Auto, Google Automotive LinkTM and China's Baidu CarLife. With our platform approach, OEMs can roll out connected experiences globally in a costeffective manner on a flexible platform with a future-proof design. In audio, HARMAN partnered with music legend Quincy Jones to launch the AKG® N90Q headphone, the world's first headphone offering personalized, high-definition sound using TruNote technology. We also introduced industry-first technologies in sound management, including new additions to our suite of road noise cancellation technologies, Quantum Logic® 3D and Individual Sound Zones, an in-cabin technology that enables drivers and passengers to create sonic zones between individuals for the ultimate personalized car audio experience. Capitalize on Iconic Brands HARMAN's portfolio of audio and professional entertainment and enterprise technology brands is unmatched, and we continued to invest in marketing programs that strengthen and leverage the equity of these assets. This year, HARMAN became the official headphone, speaker and audio partner of the National Basketball Association (NBA) through a multi-year relationship that includes advertising, co-branded products and events. Further leveraging the connection between sports and music, we signed Portland Trail Blazers star Damian Lillard and two-time NBA All-Star and MVP Steph Curry as brand ambassadors for JBL®. Also an important part of our marketing mix, HARMAN's flagship stores around the world ­ from Shanghai and Seoul to Moscow and Manhattan ­ have become excellent customer experience centers

to promote our brands. Mariano Rivera, the famed Yankee relief pitcher and JBL brand ambassador, was greeted by a standing-roomonly crowd of thousands of people at our store in Seoul last November. HARMAN's marketing outcomes can be measured in many different ways. JBL brand awareness scores increased 19% over the last two years and Harman Kardon® awareness was up 12% in the same time period. Ultimately, this increase in awareness contributed to record Lifestyle Audio and e-commerce sales as well as a significant increase in car audio take rates. Grow Emerging Markets Despite challenging economic environments in Brazil, Russia and India, as well as recent headwinds in China, HARMAN surpassed the $1 billion mark in revenues for the first time in our BRIC markets. In fact, since FY 2009, HARMAN's growth in emerging markets has been exceptional with a 63% compounded annual growth rate. China now contributes nearly $700 million to the top line. In India, HARMAN received the TATA Motors Supplier of the Year Award recognizing our role in TATA Motor's `ConnectNext' initiative to provide best-in-class infotainment and connectivity features for passenger vehicles. While macro-economic challenges are likely to persist, we see a lot of potential in emerging markets. In addition, HARMAN sees potential in additional growth markets, including Mexico, Indonesia, Nigeria and Turkey. Optimize Cost and Capital Structure HARMAN has earned a reputation for operational excellence and cost leadership. In fiscal year 2015, we reduced procurement expenses, realized production synergies and achieved greater footprint efficiencies that strengthened our supply chain, led to very good margin expansion and strengthened our engineering and manufacturing capabilities. We are seeing great talent emerging in India and also Hungary, now home to our largest facility in Europe. HARMAN's location in Shenzhen, China has become our audio Center of Excellence and the source of many of our design awards, and Mexico is a strong and growing operation with opportunities for future expansion. Regarding our capital structure, in FY 2015, HARMAN put in place long-term financing to support the expansion of our business as we grow our capabilities and technology pipeline. To finance our recent acquisitions and maintain a strong balance sheet, HARMAN closed on a five-year senior unsecured credit facility that provided us with a $1.2 billion revolving line of credit, a 14% increase over our previous credit facility. HARMAN issued $400 million in 10-year senior notes in the U.S. and 350 million in 7-year senior notes in Europe, both at competitive interest rates. In addition, in fiscal year 2015, our Board authorized a $500 million share repurchase program, enabling us to be opportunistic buyers of our shares.

We also increased our annual dividend for fiscal year 2016 by 6% to $1.40 per share. Diversify Markets In addition to the Symphony Teleca, Redbend and Bang & Olufsen Automotive acquisitions, HARMAN made strategic acquisitions in our Lifestyle and Professional divisions that added key technologies to our portfolio. In December, we announced the acquisition of S1nn GmbH & Co. KG, an innovative developer of infotainment systems, connectivity and car audio solutions, and in June, we announced the acquisition of SVSi, a leading provider of Pro A/V distribution equipment. For FY 2016, our focus will be on integrating and capitalizing on these acquisitions. A New Look HARMAN's vision is to make life more connected, entertaining, personalized and productive. Our mission is to design and deliver smart products, systems, software and services that connect people wherever they are. To reflect these aspirations and the recent changes in our portfolio of technologies, HARMAN revealed a new logo in 2015 that is brighter, more dynamic and more open, which in many ways is how we describe our culture ­ bold, innovative and fast paced. We also introduced a new tagline ­ Expect Brilliance ­ that I believe perfectly encapsulates what we offer as a technology partner, employer and investment choice. We work hard. We create useful, playful, beautiful things. We strive for excellence. We aim to win. We expect ­ and deliver ­ brilliance. A Look Ahead In August 2015, HARMAN provided guidance to the market for fiscal year 2016. We indicated that, in constant currency, revenue is expected to grow 18%** to $7 billion and EBITDA is expected to grow 29%**, reaching 12.5%* with an EPS of $6.50* compared to $5.71* in fiscal year 2015. We see a bright future for HARMAN. We will continue to play our own game and stand committed to achieving our goals. As always, I am proud of our organization and grateful to the 27,000 people, plus our exceptional leadership team, Board of Directors and many partners and suppliers who make HARMAN so strong. Because of our vast and growing network of talent, HARMAN is a powerful, proven and progressive technology company at the center of the connected car, connected home and connected enterprise. We are eager ­ and prepared ­ to meet the challenges of an everchanging world and to seize the many opportunities before us.

Dinesh C. Paliwal
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

*A non-GAAP measure, excludes restructuring and non-recurring items. See reconciliation of non-GAAP measures in HARMAN's August 4, 2015 earnings press release. ** A non-GAPP measure, excludes restructuring, non-recurring items and currency. See reconciliation of non-GAAP measures in HARMAN's August 4, 2015 earnings press release.

Corporate Headquarters 400 Atlantic Street, Stamford, CT 06901 203-328-3500 To view the full 10-K report visit www.harman.com. Harman Kardon, Infinity and JBL are trademarks of HARMAN International Industries, Incorporated, registered in the United States and/or other countries. Clari-Fi is a trademark of HARMAN International Industries, Incorporated. All other marks are the property of their respective owners. © 2015 HARMAN International Industries, Incorporated. All rights reserved.

