From the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Fiscal Year 2008 has been a time of remarkable transition at Harman International. A cancelled private equity transaction, following a complex, one-year CEO succession search, distracted the company from its execution on a record backlog of new automotive platforms. We paid the price in unusually high engineering costs, warranty issues, and poor performance in the Portable Navigation Device (PND) business which we have since dramatically streamlined. Although these clearly impacted margins, we have met our planned launch commitments and maintained the confidence of our customers. Against this backdrop, I am pleased to report some very encouraging developments during Fiscal Year 2008. Although we faced, like others, an economic climate that is very fragile, we grew net sales to $4.113 billion, an increase of 16 percent, and our cash flow from operations increased by 47 percent to $317 million. Operating income for the fiscal year was sharply restrained by the factors noted earlier. All three Harman divisions enjoyed net sales increases for the year during a period of general market weakness. The Harman Professional division continues to be a performance leader, posting both record sales and earnings for the year. Automotive operating income declined sharply, remaining as the focus of many operational improvements. In the Consumer division, we have hard work ahead to improve profitability before we grow the top line ­ improving execution on new product launches and geographic penetration while sharpening the cost structure so that we may seize the right market opportunities. We incurred $46 million of restructuring costs during the year. To address operational efficiency, we announced the closure of four high-cost facilities, launching an era of dramatic footprint optimization. We completed a world-class automotive manufacturing facility in China, while doubling capacity at our plants in Mexico and Hungary. To address structural efficiency, we outsourced our Information Technology infrastructure services, created a shared financial services center, and outsourced selected warehousing and distribution activities. The company also made a series of key leadership changes to support its evolving strategy. We expanded our board to nine members, of whom seven are independent. We invited Brian Carroll of KKR to join the board, bringing global financial expertise. Dr. Harald Einsmann, a former group president at Procter & Gamble, also joined the board ­ along with Gary Steel, a seasoned global human resources executive with ABB Group, and Kenneth Reiss, a former managing partner with Ernst & Young. Ann McLaughlin Korologos, who has served the Harman Board with distinction since 1995, was elected as Lead Director. These changes bring a rich global diversity which now spans four nationalities from the Americas, Europe and Asia. In May, Dr. Sidney Harman announced that he would retire as Chairman concurrent with the new fiscal year. He has retained his equity holdings in the company and remains its largest individual shareholder. I am privileged to succeed Dr. Harman as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from July 1st, and thank him for his support and more than 50 years of leadership.

Harman International Annual Report 2008

3

Similar transformation characterized the company's executive management team during Fiscal Year 2008, with appointments including Herbert Parker as Chief Financial Officer; John Stacey as Chief Human Resources Officer; Richard Sorota as President, Consumer Division; Dr. Klaus Blickle as CEO, Automotive Division; and David Karch as Vice President of Operational Excellence. As this annual report goes to press, Todd A. Suko is joining us as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. These executives strengthen key functional roles while adding deep expertise in areas such as global footprint optimization, mergers and acquisitions, governance, supply chain and sourcing, legal, human resources and brand management. While executing on a record backlog of new automotive platform launches, Harman continues to enjoy the confidence of prestigious customers. Project awards in fiscal year 2008 include new or extended contracts from such customers as Audi, Ferrari and Mercedes. Ferrari also honored us with its prestigious Technology Award for 2008. Successful project launches extended our penetration of the Asian markets at Subaru and Ssangyong. We also formed an exclusive global alliance with UK-based Bowers & Wilkins, adding another premium brand to our automotive infotainment portfolio. During 2008, the Consumer division launched a number of innovations including new docking stations for Apple® iPod® and iPhoneTM products, a new line of premium aftermarket automotive speakers, and new home theater solutions. The Professional Division continues to serve an array of world-class entertainers and venues with its smart audio products, enabled and integrated with our robust HiQnetTM communications protocol. 2008 events such as the Academy Awards, NFL Super Bowl and NBA All Star Game featured Harman systems, while tour artists including Celine Dion, Rod Stewart and Bob Dylan performed with our products. Harman systems were installed in more than a dozen venues at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games in China and played a starring role in the remarkable Olympic Opening and Closing Ceremonies from Beijing's "Bird's Nest" stadium. Amidst these achievements, we recognize the need for continuous and significant operational and structural improvements. It became clear during Fiscal Year 2008 that our organization was not fully equipped to execute cost effectively on its record business backlog. We also concluded that the company lacked the clarity of a strong, single voice in promoting its diverse product and brand range. During May, we completed a comprehensive review of long-term business strategy with the Harman Board. This blueprint recognizes both challenges and opportunities, including more aggressive penetration of emerging markets, global footprint optimization, and aligning our technology efforts with evolving market trends. Harman is privileged to enjoy a large and diverse product portfolio that far surpasses its competitors. We will leverage this advantage to provide customers with a rich and integrated experience and to attract a greater share of their discretionary purchases. To help drive profitable growth, Harman continues to invest in world-class innovation based on our deep expertise in areas such as acoustics, signal processing, software, and systems integration. We have launched a major market opportunity analysis and channel strategy for China, to accelerate the deployment of our

4

Harman International Annual Report 2008

premium brands in this large, fast-growing region. This initiative will also provide a template for expansion of our activities in Russia and India. To characterize the new energy of Harman International and to unify its voice, we have implemented programs to strengthen both internal and external collaboration. A cross-functional team spanning executive management, functional and geographic managers now guides key decisions. A new group Intranet and town hall meetings with executives are reinforcing to employees the rewards of working as One Harman and embracing key strategic principles. New corporate advertising and sponsorship activities will commence in the fall of 2008 to strengthen our brand presence and highlight the "star power" that characterizes every element of our global business. While facing up to challenge and opportunity, we have dramatically sharpened the impact of our most important asset ­ People. New initiatives are in place to attract, develop and motivate the best team in the business. A measurable approach to compensation clearly links group strategy and vision with rewards at every level. A clear spirit of social responsibility remains in the forefront as we support the communities where we operate and contribute generously to those affected by natural disasters at home and around the world. Complementing these initiatives, we launched a sweeping productivity improvement program called STEP Change on July 1st. This 24-month initiative will employ a "bottom up" approach, involving every level of the organization to deliver measurable operational and structural cost savings. Consistent with and inclusive of the goals we outlined in February, this program is targeted to yield about $400 million in sustainable enterprise­ wide savings beyond 2010. Along with other initiatives, STEP Change will contribute substantially toward lifting our company's operating margins into the double digit range. As I reflect on my first year at the helm of Harman International, I am pleased but not yet satisfied with the company's achievements. Most important, I am energized by the opportunities that lie ahead. Just as Fiscal Year 2008 was a year of dramatic transition, the next twelve months will be a time of decisive execution toward our vision of achieving clear industry leadership in market impact, shareholder value creation, and profitable growth. We will delight our customers by delivering a superior audio and infotainment experience, shaped through an environment of innovation, operational excellence and integrity. With our strategy and vision clearly defined, we will focus on measuring our progress and raising the bar of our performance at every strategic milestone. Continuous improvement will be the guiding principle as we leverage Harman's robust product portfolio, talented people and global market opportunities to create sustained value for our shareholders. Best regards,

Dinesh C. Paliwal Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Harman International Annual Report 2008

5

