TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

Fiscal Year 2010 was a time of significant accomplishment for HARMAN International. We delivered on our commitment to grow, and to reduce costs and increase productivity. We continued our rapid expansion in the emerging markets, to tap new growth opportunities while leveraging cost and productivity advantages. Our customers rewarded us with new multi-year contracts that have brought HARMAN's backlog of awarded business to $12.2 billion. Net sales in fiscal 2010 were $3.4 billion, an increase of 18 percent compared to the prior year. Net sales increased in all three divisions and the Company gained market share in the Automotive Division. Operating income, including non-recurring items, in fiscal year 2010 was $86 million compared to an operating loss of ($504 million) on the same basis in the prior year. Our cash and short-term investments balance increased to $646 million during the fiscal year, driven by positive cash from operations and a net gain from divestitures. This provides HARMAN with significant flexibility for the strategic initiatives ahead. As the fiscal year began, we announced that HARMAN had successfully delivered a record thirteen major audio and infotainment platforms to global automotive customers during the previous 24 months. This achievement, believed to be the largest such project backlog ever in our industry, has solidified a stream of revenues that will span several years. We also introduced a record number of new products in our consumer and professional businesses, leveraging the brand loyalty of customers from every genre and generation. In order to execute more profitably on these achievements, we continue to deliver ahead of target on our 24-month STEP Change program. We completed more than 200 separate STEP Change projects to yield more than $350 million in permanent cost savings as of year end. Our early action on this program was instrumental in helping HARMAN to weather the recent global economic crisis, and we will continue to wring out every dollar of available improvement as part of the streamlined group culture that STEP Change has empowered. While sharpening our cost structure, we have invested strategically to position HARMAN for new areas of opportunity. In our automotive business, we launched a scalable, next-generation infotainment system that

soon brought new multi-year awards from Toyota and Chrysler/Fiat. We are dramatically expanding capacity at our facilities in China and in Hungary, which now hosts our largest manufacturing facility with 12 production lines. These activities contributed to a significant increase in emerging-markets sales during the fiscal year, and we are well positioned toward our goal of $1.5 billion in sales to these fast-growing markets by 2015.

While deploying our own resources in areas of opportunity, HARMAN continues to seek strategic partners who can complement our skills, accelerate our innovation programs and improve overall cost efficiency. We formed a strategic partnership with China's Neusoft Corporation to accelerate development of next-generation automotive electronics, while teaming with other partners to advance such innovations as exterior sound synthesis for electric vehicles, intelligent linking of smart-grid battery charging infrastructure with vehicle infotainment systems, and a standard interface for smart mobile phones. We are bringing true mobile computing capabilities within reach of motorists, delivering wireless in-car broadband access to audio and video libraries, e-mail, and SMS text messaging without compromising driver safety. Our customers have recognized HARMAN's technology leadership with new multi-year awards. BMW and Daimler selected our premium infotainment systems for their upcoming luxury platforms, and Chrysler specified our branded audio for its SRT series of high-performance vehicles. BMW awarded

HARMAN Annual Report 2010

3

HARMAN an additional infotainment contract for entry-level luxury cars and we launched new branded audio systems for several automakers. As this annual report goes to press, we have also announced new awards for HARMAN infotainment in Toyota vehicles sold in North America, complementing a European award announced earlier. We also announced a new award from Chrysler Group and Fiat, which further validates the technical superiority of our scalable, next-generation infotainment system. We are delighted to welcome these new infotainment partners, and we will work with every global automaker to deliver the most sophisticated in-car experience available today. We appointed new automotive division leadership during the year, naming HARMAN veterans Sachin Lawande and Michael Mauser as co-presidents. Their collective expertise in technology, finance and project management is complementary and provides a strong leadership platform to grow profitably while keeping a sharp focus on innovation and execution. In the consumer division, we introduced some 90 award-winning new products while sharpening

our resources for marketing and distribution. More than 400 store-within-a-store installations have been completed to improve bundling of premium audio with flat-screen televisions. New HARMAN Consumer web sites now serve customers in more than 25 countries and an expanded social networking presence builds loyalty among the connected generation. We implemented a new direct-to-consumer distribution model in the United States, while appointing a seasoned channel partner to support our China growth strategy. The consumer division also opened a new Global Product Development Center in Shenzhen, China, putting these operations in close proximity to major suppliers, contract manufacturers, and the fastest growing consumer markets. Our professional division continued to set the benchmark for audio performance among legendary artists, sporting organizations and the venues where they perform. Our AKG® brand was recognized with a prestigious Technical GRAMMY® Award, complementing an earlier award to our JBL® brand to make HARMAN the only company to be thus honored twice by the GRAMMY® organization. We outfitted more than 25 venues across the Shanghai World Expo 2010, including a role as an Official Sound Partner. The division introduced nearly 100 new products during the year, and several of these were recently featured in the first-ever professionalgrade application of the Ethernet Audio Video Bridge protocol for synchronized streaming audio and video. We took several steps to sharpen HARMAN's portfolio during the year, including the sale of QNX Software Systems in a $200 million cash transaction. Soon after, we completed the acquisition of Brazil's market leader for professional audio, Selenium. Selenium's robust market presence and distribution channels give us a strong foothold in this region and our resources there will drive new opportunities across the consumer, automotive and professional audio markets. We continue to strengthen both the cultural diversity and competence of our Board and management. Dr. Jiren Liu, one of Asia's most respected business leaders, is the most recent addition ­ bringing vast experience in the Asia markets to our Board which now spans five nationalities among nine independent directors.

4 HARMAN Annual Report 2010

In order to best characterize the Company's energy and growth initiatives, we launched a bold new HARMAN brand this year. Although many stakeholders first met HARMAN through one or more of our legendary consumer brands, it is clear that many more value the synergy and systems integration expertise made possible across our broader portfolio of distinguished brands. The co-branding phrase "by HARMAN" now accompanies our established product brand logos on digital, print and packaging materials to reinforce that the same great passion comes in every package. The new tagline WHERE SOUND MATTERS helps celebrate our more than 60 years of contribution to the science of premium audio. Several high-profile sponsorships are also driving new awareness across global markets. We launched our first prime-time television advertising as Official Sound Partner to the GRAMMY® Awards. Our Music Voyager TV series is taking viewers on a musical journey around the world in cooperation with National Geographic Channels and the Public Broadcasting System. We helped entertain more than 200,000 fans at the Coachella and Stagecoach Music Festivals in California and provided the official sound for a holiday Bon Jovi concert in New York. An estimated 70 million visitors experienced HARMAN sound during the Shanghai World Expo 2010 in China where we served as an Official Sound Partner and equipped some 25 different venues with our audio systems. In order to achieve greater synergy among these and similar programs, we recently appointed a veteran Chief Marketing Officer who will direct the Company's programs for market research, customer insights, competitive intelligence, advertising and sponsorships, and other marketing activities to strengthen HARMAN's brand portfolio and directly link these programs to our strategies for profitable growth. Recognizing that our talented employees are among HARMAN's most valuable assets, we implemented several innovative new people programs during the fiscal year. We launched a Global Learning and Development Initiative to educate current and future company leaders on best practices through an intensive eight-month program. We rolled out a new global job grading system that will standardize compensation bands and job titles across all HARMAN operations. Variable compensation at every level is now linked to both group performance and the achievement of measurable, individual goals monitored through an online target-management system. I am very proud of the effort our team has made in the past year ­ taking the defensive steps necessary to weather an unprecedented economic cycle while keeping on the offense with innovation, execution, and continuous improvement. The caliber of our management team has improved dramatically from just a couple of years ago ­ and their unrelenting commitment to HARMAN's success is clear. Our employees are energized, and they are embracing this new culture of confidence. As always, we recognize that much hard work remains, and we are prepared to complete the actions that will transform our company to truly best-in-class. Our achievements during Fiscal Year 2010 clearly demonstrate that HARMAN is a growth company and we are very grateful for the support our stakeholders have shown during this period of exciting transformation. Our management and employees are energized and committed to continuous improvement. Our customers continue to reward us with new business, yielding the largest backlog in our history. Our shareholders have been candid in their expectations and in their support for our clear strategy. We will continue to work hard in order to earn this trust as we drive toward HARMAN's singular goal of creating value. Best regards,

Dinesh C. Paliwal Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

HARMAN Annual Report 2010

5

