Message from the Executive Chairman

Harman International enters the new fiscal year in firm control of its future. 2007 was a time of both achievement and challenge, as well as some significant distractions. They are behind us and we are moving forward. On October 22, 2007, we agreed with KKR and GS Capital Partners to terminate our merger agreement and we signed a new agreement providing for a $400 million investment by KKR and GSCP. The investment is in the form of five year notes, convertible into Harman common stock at $104 per share. The notes will bear interest of 1.25%, and the investors have agreed to a one year lock up during which they may not sell or hedge the investment. We will use the new investment for a large and orderly buy-back of our company's shares through an accelerated share repurchase

(ASR) program. Brian Carroll, a member of KKR whom we have come to know well in the past year, will join the Harman Board. We do not agree with the reasons for cancellation of the original merger agreement. But when it became clear that the merger would not close, we carefully reviewed our options. A court trial seeking payment of the break-up fee would be very expensive and would absorb an enormous amount of our attention and our time ­ resources which our board determined are far better spent in the conduct of our business and the continued development of our company. It is a view I truly share and one I am hopeful you too will share. Three phases of growth characterize the development of most significant companies. Typically, an entrepreneur of vision and energy creates and drives the business in its first stage. That stage is followed by a lengthy period during which the business significantly expands and discipline and processes are added. Finally, the time arrives when a large and vibrant company recognizes the need for refinement and tuning to provide the best platform for additional strong and profitable growth. Harman International is in the third stage of that

Our company enters 2008 poised to capitalize on its deep experience in every business segment.

Harman International 2007 Annual Report

3

As lifestyles evolve around the world, so will the demand grow for high-fidelity music, theater and sports.
three-stage business cycle. We have the energy and the critical mass which characterize a global leader, and we are determined to continue to create value for our shareholders. As we fine tune our business and its processes, I am gratified to have the support of Dinesh Paliwal as Chief Executive Officer. The CEO search and transition were significant distractions, but we have concluded the process with the selection of a world-class global executive. Because of my great confidence in Dinesh, I have proposed, and our Board of Directors has agreed, that effective at our December 17, 2007 Annual Meeting, I will take the title of Chairman. In that note, I look forward to a long and close working relationship with our Chief Executive Officer. Our company enters 2008 poised to capitalize on its deep experience in each of our business segments. Our Consumer division will benefit from the ground-breaking technology we have developed in our OEM operations over the years. The long-awaited age of seamless connectivity is arriving, and we have the tools and the determination to lead it. Our software prowess carries the promise of new market leadership, increased margins and new revenue streams. Harman's automotive business will continue to grow as we build on our strong position in the premium markets and move further into the mid-range and entry-level vehicle segments. We expect that the shorter R&D and launch cycles that characterize this segment will tend to offset lower margins.

Harman amplifiers, sound processors and speakers deliver the audio action as the 2006 World Series of baseball opens at Busch Stadium in St. Louis.

The Harman Entertainment LoungeTM provides leading retailers with proven, modular solutions for merchandising of high-definition audio and infotainment products.

4 Harman International 2007 Annual Report

All this places our company in an enviable position. Our products have long been in demand for bookshelves, dashboards, and stages around the world. More important, our integration capabilities enable us to express the best of our technologies in scalable and highly satisfying lifestyle responsive systems. I remember when "infotainment" was considered something of a fad. Customers and analysts wondered if the trend would last. Few now question the "legs" of the infotainment phenomenon, and even fewer would leave home without the communications, entertainment and navigation tools that have become an essential part of daily life. In Professional audio, we are privileged to serve the world's leading artists and entertainment venues. As lifestyles evolve around the world, demand will grow for high quality audio in

theater and sports venues. Our proven expertise in outfitting such facilities, combined with a growing footprint in the developing world, will spur our wonderful Professional Audio business further. These are times of extraordinary challenge and opportunity, and we are well prepared. We are blessed with a team of extraordinary employees, suppliers and business partners. Our company is strong financially and we possess a wonderful product portfolio that carries the industry's leading names. We look forward to the future with renewed enthusiasm and confidence. Sincerely,

Sidney Harman
Executive Chairman

The Harman/Becker Traffic AssistTM offers aftermarket consumers a rich infotainment experience blending audio, navigation and multimedia in one compact device.

More than 200,000 visitors attended the IFA Consumer Electronics Show in Berlin, Germany where Harman hosted customers, partners, and press from around the world.

Harman International 2007 Annual Report

5

