To Our Shareholders,
We would like to begin this Shareholder letter by thanking you for the investment you made in Hasbro. Equally important, we want you to know that Hasbro's management team is committed to seeing your investment grow. 2006 was a year of significant achievement for Hasbro, one of the strongest in our Company's history. Not only did we achieve record financial results, we made critical process improvements that will improve our execution in the years ahead. 2006 was particularly rewarding as it not only represented the highest net earnings in our history but was also our 6th consecutive year of earnings per share growth.

Financial Results
In 2006 we delivered: · Earnings per share growth of 18% to $1.29 per share, compared to $1.09 per share in 2005. · Worldwide net revenue growth of 2% to $3.2 billion, driven principally by the excellent performance of our core brands. Excluding STAR WARS, revenues grew 11% or $273 million for the year, further proof that our core brand strategy is working. · Operating profit of $376 million or 11.9% of revenue, the highest operating profit in our history and a 21% improvement compared to $311 million or 10.1% of revenue in 2005. In recognition of our strong financial performance and our commitment to creating value for our shareholders, the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend in February by $0.04 per share to $0.16 per share, the highest quarterly dividend in Hasbro's history. In addition, since June of 2005, we have repurchased 25.2 million shares of common stock, or 14% of our shares outstanding, at a total cost of $504.8 million. As we have delivered on our goals over the years, it is rewarding for us, and surely for you, our shareholders, to see our accomplishments reflected in our share price. At the end of 2006, our share price was $27.25, representing a 34% increase in our stock price from the prior year end. In comparison, it is even more meaningful to go back to 2000. If you had invested $100 in Hasbro stock at the end of 2000, your investment would have been worth $276 at the end of 2006, including reinvestment of dividends and stock price appreciation, far exceeding the performance of the S&P 500 Index and the Russell 1000 Consumer Discretionary Index.

Better Execution
In 2006 we continued to focus on execution. We combined U.S. Toys, Games, Canada and Mexico into one cohesive organization ­ the North American business unit. This has allowed us to more effectively share best practices and leverage resources and talent across our business. In addition, we are now able to provide even better customer service by combining our U.S. toy and game sales forces and aligning our customer marketing and support services accordingly. Also, in our games business we went from two separate centers of design excellence (U.K. and U.S.) to one coordinated effort that has improved our global design collaboration. Another exciting way that we are improving our execution is "The Way To Play" ­ our new brand management methodology. "The Way to Play" will enable us to replicate core brand success on a more consistent and global basis. This process will provide our marketing teams with a comprehensive "playbook" of tools and resources based on our own best practices, to help drive our brands going forward.

Innovation
Our strategy is not much different than it has been over the past several years ­ the key to our success is our continued focus on innovation. Today, Hasbro is arguably the most innovative toy and game company in the industry. We have been committed to bringing to market great products that leverage the latest technologies through our incredible portfolio of brands. In addition, we are creating new categories through innovation inspired by consumer insights with a goal of providing a wide variety of entertainment for the entire family. In 2006, we continued to add to our world-class portfolio of brands with new innovative products in all of our consumer categories. A great example of this was BUTTERSCOTCH MY FURREAL FRIENDS PONY. This addition to our successful FURREAL FRIENDS brand was a breakthrough product that delivered an amazing level of realism in a format that enabled little girls to role-play as if they had a "real" pony. It impressed consumers, retailers and industry veterans alike and was awarded two prestigious T.O.T.Y. (Toy of the Year) Awards by the Toy Industry Association ­ one for "Best Girl Toy of the Year" and the other for the "Most Innovative Toy of the Year." In 2007, we will build on our expertise in animatronics technology with SQUAWKERS McCAW, the next best thing to having a real parrot. It speaks, responds to touch and even

dances, and was one of the hits of the 2007 American International Toy Fair in New York City. MONOPOLY ­ HERE & NOW edition was an example of how we contemporize our brands to make them exciting and relevant to consumers today. Developed by our team in the U.K., it is an illustration of how we are collaborating more effectively on a global basis. Initially faced with the design challenge of how we make the U.K. game relevant to U.S. consumers, we introduced a novel concept: let consumers themselves decide! The campaign was an incredible success ­ consumers cast over three million votes online in the spring of 2006 to determine what locations would appear on the board, and MONOPOLY ­ HERE & NOW edition sold over 1.1 million units at retail ­ helping to make MONOPOLY the #1 board game in the U.S. in 2006. More innovation will be coming in 2007 when MONOPOLY ­ HERE & NOW ELECTRONIC
BANKING edition launches in several markets after having a very successful launch in Europe

last year. Electronic banking eliminates all cash and replaces this play with credit cards and a central electronic bank that quickly manages all financial transactions. In addition, even our original MONOPOLY game gets a consumer-insight inspired update ­ speed die! Now, both electronic banking and the regular MONOPOLY game with speed die intensify the play of this great game ­ playing off a key consumer insight by allowing families everywhere to complete a full game of MONOPOLY even when they don't have a lot of time to play. Today we remain the market leader in tween electronics. In fact, we created the tween electronics category several years ago by being among the first to recognize the significance of this growing segment and by responding rapidly with unique, trendy and cutting-edge products such as HIT CLIPS, VIDEO NOW and I-DOG. In 2007, we are introducing the POWER TOUR Electric Guitar in collaboration with industry powerhouse Gibson Guitars, which enables kids to pick up the guitar very quickly. In addition, we are launching NET JET, an instant online game system just for tweens. Both products leverage two fast growing categories of interest for this critical age group: music and internet game play.

Core Brand Growth
One of our greatest assets is the strength of our core toy and game brands. We have the best and most beloved brands in the business ­ brands that are well-known, trusted and valued by millions of consumers worldwide for providing fun, entertaining play experiences for the kid that exists in all of us. Our mission to "Make the World Smile!"

is built on helping families and loved ones establish deeper connections through the joy of laughter and play. Consumers love board games and our portfolio continues to lead the market as evidenced by our success with the MONOPOLY game. When you play a game, everyone wins! Games have rewards that extend beyond playing time, such as learning, family togetherness, fun, relaxation, and the thrill of winning! They're also a great value and an inexpensive way to entertain the entire family. THE GAME
OF LIFE ­ TWISTS & TURNS is a great example of core brand reinvention. Coming in

2007, it introduces a fun new play pattern that is all about choice, control and consequences as players determine which path in life to take.
PLAYSKOOL is another example of our core brand success. With

80 years of brand heritage, PLAYSKOOL has strong associations of trust and quality with moms and dads, leading to an impressive 49% growth in our preschool business in 2006. Several new lines will be arriving on shelves in 2007, including DREAMTOWN, an enchanting system of role-play environments and accessories. Over the last several years, we have been focused on growing our girls' business, and we have established a strong strategic presence in this category by reintroducing some of our most successful brands like MY LITTLE PONY. Originally introduced in 1982, MY LITTLE
PONY continues to do well today. LITTLEST PET SHOP, first unveiled in 1993 and re-imagined in 2005, was one of

the hottest properties of 2006 and grew on a dollar basis more than any other girls' brand in the industry, according to NPD marketing data. BABY ALIVE, another great classic from the `70s, also came back in 2006 ­ proving the relevance and staying power of this brand. Part of our strategy is to take a more holistic approach to our brands, while creating the most effective and appropriate brand experience for our consumers. Our approach to growing the TRANSFORMERS brand is an excellent example of this. The highlyanticipated release of the new live-action TRANSFORMERS film from DreamWorks Pictures and Paramount Pictures will help drive our franchise to new levels. Our great toy and game product line goes on sale June 2nd, and we have also partnered with over 200 licensees worldwide to bring consumers everything from video games to school supplies, sneakers and apparel.

Strategic Licenses
Being opportunistic and leveraging the "right" licenses have also contributed to our success during the past several years and will be a key focus going forward. STAR WARS and MARVEL are two of our best examples. STAR WARS was the #1 property in the boys' business for the second year running and continues to demonstrate its long term viability. Revenue for the entire STAR WARS line was $285 million in 2006, compared to $494 million in 2005, showing that an entertainment brand layered with new innovation can perform significantly in a year following the movie. We expect
STAR WARS to continue to make a

meaningful contribution to our overall performance in the years ahead, as the brand is scheduled to appear on major network television in 2008 via an all-new animated series and in 2009 as a live-action series. We also expect our multi-year license with Marvel to contribute to our leadership in the boys' category with properties such as GHOST RIDER, SPIDER-MAN and
FANTASTIC FOUR, all supported by major motion pictures in 2007, and movies

for THE INCREDIBLE HULK and IRON MAN in 2008. Importantly, we see a significant opportunity in tapping the underleveraged SPIDER-MAN collector business with an aggressive program using the Marvel ORIGINS brand.

Stretching Our Boundaries
We are constantly looking for ways to grow our business and enter new categories and markets by stretching the boundaries beyond what we know as traditional toys and games. Some recent examples highlighting our efforts include growth in emerging markets, TOOTH TUNES and digital gaming. Today, our emerging markets business represents a relatively small portion of our revenue base which means we have a significant growth opportunity in the years ahead. Initially, we would expect our expansion to be more focused in countries like Brazil, Argentina, India, China, Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic and follow very closely the expansion plans of our global partners including Wal-Mart, Toys "R" Us, Carrefour, Metro and Tesco. TOOTH TUNES is a musical toothbrush that encourages kids to brush for the full two minutes (dentist recommended) while enjoying their favorite music ­ in their head! TOOTH TUNES has enabled us to expand beyond the traditional toy and game aisles at retail and is being hailed by dentists as one of the best innovations

in oral care in recent years. Today there is a huge opportunity in the rapidly growing mobile and on-line casual gaming market. We believe our game and toy properties have the potential to be killer applications in the casual gaming market, and we are investigating many potential opportunities in this arena.

Charitable Giving
As a result of our success, we have been able to continue to give back to the community in a meaningful way. The Hasbro Children's Fund, which handles our global, national and local grant making, selected a number of key philanthropic partners, establishing three-year relationships that will allow us to make an even greater impact helping those who are less fortunate. Our partners include World Vision, Operation Smile, Give Kids the World, America's Second Harvest, Teammates 4 Kids, Starlight Starbright, Angel Flight, Dunn Institute, Boundless Playgrounds, Big Apple Circus, Toys For Tots, Fisher House, Hasbro Children's Hospital and Hole in the Wall Gang Camps. With these new relationships established, we are proud to report that in 2006, the Hasbro Children's Fund helped nearly six million children through charitable grants, product donations, and our Team Hasbro employee volunteer program.

Moving For ward
2006 was a very good year for Hasbro and we're excited about the opportunities that lie ahead in 2007 and beyond. Creating value for our shareholders remains our number one priority. To deliver on this goal, we will continue to focus on our execution and innovation, while at the same time exploring new ways to extend and expand the marketplace we serve. We are very proud of what we have been able to accomplish this past year. We appreciate your support and the hard work of all of our global employees and look forward to many more years of continued success. Sincerely,

Alfred J. Verrecchia
President and Chief Executive Offi cer

Alan G. Hassenfeld
Chairman of the Board

