







To Our Shareholders,
We entered 2001 confident that Hasbro could succeed by becoming a smaller but more profitable company. Despite unfavorable POKEMON and FURBY comparisons, lost revenues from the sale of HASBRO INTERACTIVE, which we sold at the beginning of the year - along with a tough economy and retail environment. .. we achieved our goal of returning to profitability and began 2002 a much stronger company than we were just one year ago.

This success comes in large part due to our disciplined financial management. We increased net earnings, excluding charges, by $83 million despite a $931 million decrease in revenues.  We said we  would take costs  out of our business and reduce our breakeven - our objective  in 2001  was a $50 to $70 million reduction  in  fixed overhead. We  achieved approximately $100 million in reductions and we  have initiated a program  to take a second $100 million in reductions over the next two to three years.

We said we would manage our business for cash and reduce debt, and we delivered against this objective as well. We reduced debt net of cash by $300 million during the year through improvements in our supply chain management -  resulting in lower  inventories  - reduced capital spending,  and tighter controls  on  our receivables.

We said we would run our business more efficiently. We did this by further aligning our businesses, expanding roles for many of our key senior executives, as well as adding new senior management talent.
Finally, we said we would refocus on Hasbro-owned core brands such as G.I. JOE, TRANSFORMERS, and many of our board games and we are very pleased with our early success in this area. We selected a few core brands from our extensive portfolio to focus on in 2001 and the results were dramatic.
G.I. JOE posted a 59% sales increase over 2000, and was up significantly in every quarter in 2001. TRANSFORMERS was up 66% in the fourth quarter, thanks to the re-introduction of the brand's ROBOTS IN DISGUISE line. Our GET TOGETHER GAMES campaign helped drive our adult game category, resulting in a 26% increase in U.S. retail takeaway at our top accounts.
 



For those attending Toy Fair, the annual trade show where our newest toys and games are showcased, there was ample evidence that our concentration on core brands is continuing in 2002. Not only are we driving our  core brands, but we are working as well on two other key areas - great strategic  licenses  and  being opportunistic when we identify a trend that can be translated into fun toys and games.

For the year, we reported net revenues of $2.9  billion  compared  to  $3.8  billion  in  2000.  Revenue  reductions due to POKEMON, HASBRO INTERACTIVE and FURBY were $1.1 billion. When you exclude these product lines, we grew our revenue by approximately  $127 million or 5%.  As we  have stated,  we  planned  to be a smaller but more profitable company in 2001, as we continued to reduce our dependency  on major licensing products.
Net earnings were $72.1 million or $0.42 per diluted share, excluding a loss of $11.3 million or $0.07 per diluted share related to deteriorating business operations in Argentina, as well as the implementation of FASB
133. On a reported basis, net earnings for the year were $59.7 million or $0.35 per diluted share.

Gross margin for the year was 57.2%, compared to 55.8% in 2000. Our focus on expense reductions in the fourth quarter continued to be evident across all operating  expense  categories.  We were especially  pleased that cost savings in 2001 exceeded the goal of $50 to $70 million that we set at the end of 2000.
Our business is reported as three principal segments - U.S. Toys, Games and International. We are very pleased with the performance of the U.S. Toys segment, registering a 6% increase in revenues despite lower POKEMON volumes. Specifically, U.S. Toys posted revenues of $787.9 million in 2001, compared with $744.9 million in 2000. Excluding POKEMON, revenue was up $114.3  million,  or 17.5% .  Importantly,  the segment was profitable compared to a substantial loss in 2000.
U.S. Toys' success was driven by the aforementioned G.I. JOE and TRANSFORMERS products, along with other key core brands and great licensed product from MONSTERS, INC. and BOB THE BUILDER, where our ELECTRONIC TALKING SCOOP was named "Best Licensed Toy" by the Toy Industry Association (TIA). E-KARA - an example of an opportunistic product - is a portable handheld karaoke system that was a best seller and was also cited by the TIA as the 2001 Toy of the Year in the girl's category. With E-KARA, we took a hot category - music - and brought it to  market  in a  format  that  is attractive  to  a  wide  range  of  young consumers.

Our Games segment had total revenue of $1.1 billion in 2001, compared with revenue of $1.8 billion in 2000. At Wizards of the Coast, MAGIC: THE GATHERING was up a strong 23% for the year; and the adult board game business was up significantly, but it was not enough to offset the substantial decline in POKEMON trading card games . Lower sales of FURBY and other robotic products and the sale of HASBRO INTERACTIVE also contributed to this segment's revenue decline. With all that, the Games segment continued to be profitable in 2001, proving once again the strength of our Games business.
 



International segment revenues were $837.2 million, compared with revenue of $1.1  billion  in  2000.  However, excluding the decline attributable to FURBY and POKEMON, International revenue increased approximately 5%.
Moving forward, we hope to grow revenues by mid single digits and we are working to return Hasbro to the operating margins we have enjoyed historically. During the five-year period 1995-1999,  operating margins were in the range of 10% - 11%, excluding one-time charges. 2001 was a  major  step towards  this  goal and over time, we would expect operating returns to be higher.

Before we close, we would like to mention how delighted we are to welcome two new members to the Hasbro Board of Directors, Frank J. Biondi, Jr. and Dr. Paula Stern. Both Frank and Paula are highly respected business leaders who have enjoyed incredible success throughout their careers. We welcome their invaluable experience and wisdom to our board. We would also like to thank our retiring directors, Sylvia Hassenfeld and Norma Pace, for their many years of dedication and seNice to the board. They will be m issed.
Hasbro  entered  2001  with  many  challenges  and  we  finished  the  year  as  a  profitable  and  more focused company.
We are confident that we are making the right moves to make Hasbro leaner and more consistently profitable for our shareholders.
2001 was a gratifying year, both in terms of what we accomplished, and what we believe is ahead of  us. Simply put, our plan is w orking, thanks to great people, great brands, a solid strategy and our commitment to financial discipline.





u)f:ef'
Alan G. Hassenfeld
Chairman  and Chief Executive Officer	President and Chief Operating Office r






,_
