   To Our Shareholders
We all know that 2000 was a very disappointing year for Hasbro. A host of factors contributed to a loss year that we view as an aberration when you look at our results over the long term. We are confident that we now have the right strategy, a strong management team led by experienced toy and game people to execute that strategy, and are developing a product mix of core and non-core businesses that will help us better leverage our revenue and earnings stream going forward.
Before looking ahead, a look back is warranted. The strong performance of our traditional board and trading card games and International divisions, could not overcome the poor performance of our Interactive software line and U.S. toy group. We have made dramatic changes in both, including the sale of Hasbro Interactive and Games.com and the consolidation of our U.S. toy business.
What is Different from 2000?
Specifically, we announced in the fourth quarter of 2000, a series of initiatives that increases our focus on the Company’s core businesses while reducing costs and lowering our breakevens.
Some of the important moves included:
• The sale of Hasbro Interactive and Games.com to Infogrames Entertainment SA. We have eliminated businesses that, including charges, lost over $100 million in each of the past two years and built in an on-going revenue stream through a long-term licensing agreement with Infogrames.
• The consolidation of our U.S. toy group into one focused, cohesive group based in Rhode Island. Having virtually all of our teams under one roof has already simplified the communications process and will increase the creative output of our core teams. As part of this consolidation, we have closed our Cincinnati, Napa and San Francisco offices, thereby reducing duplication and costs.
• A head count reduction program of approximately 850 people, including the U.S. toy group but not counting Hasbro Interactive and Games.com. In addition to these consolidation initiatives, we are moving forward with a strategy that will focus more on our Hasbro owned or controlled core intellectual properties. While we value our relationships with our key entertainment partners and recognize that they will always be important, we must put a higher emphasis on growing our core brands.
1

  2
Growing Our Core Brands — To be specific, our core business is derived from revenues produced from
a comprehensive portfolio of evergreen-owned or controlled brands that has proven over time to produce reliable revenue and earnings streams. Some of the brands that we define as core include TONKA, TRANSFORMERS, G.I. JOE and ACTION MAN in boys; TINKERTOY, PLAY-DOH, LITE-BRITE, KOOSH, and EASY BAKE in creative play and girls; PLAYSKOOL and MR. POTATO HEAD in preschool; and in games such as MAGIC: THE GATHERING and our “Hasbro 30,” which is comprised of our most popular game brands, including MONOPOLY, CANDYLAND, RISK, SORRY and SCRABBLE. These examples provide just a glimpse into Hasbro’s powerful portfolio of brands upon which we intend to increase our focus going forward.
This core business will be supplemented by revenues that we can reasonably expect to generate annually from strategic licenses. Some examples of strategic licenses include STAR WARS, JURASSIC PARK and BATMAN. Other contributions this year will come from HARRY POTTER and BOB THE BUILDER, as well as our partnership with Disney. In addition, the Company will continue to derive varying, incremental revenues each year — as we have in the past — from new product launches and opportunistic, “non-strategic” licensing initiatives.
Our plan is to be a smaller, more profitable company in 2001, with a balanced and diversified product line. The moves we have taken have set a solid foundation for sustainable, profitable growth. We have plenty to be optimistic about going forward, including:
Experienced Management Team — In addition to the two of us, we have the deepest and most knowledgeable toy and game management team in Hasbro’s history. The key words are toy and game management team. Today we have people like George Volanakis, formerly the chief executive officer of Ertl and a 32-year industry veteran who helped streamline our International group, overseeing U.S. toy in addition to International. Brian Goldner, in charge of U.S. toy, is a highly respected and energetic executive who we promoted in August after joining us earlier in 2000 from Bandai, where he served as chief operating officer of their U.S. subsidiary.
Our board game team, led by the highly knowledgeable and experienced Dave Wilson, has done very well in managing and growing our amazing portfolio of game brands. Roger Shiffman’s stewardship continues to result in the innovation and creativity we have come to expect from the Tiger line. Vince Caluori and his team at Wizards of the Coast are continuing to spread the “Magic” of trading card games and role playing games. Simon Gardner leads our International toy and game business which is number one or number
two in all of Europe’s major markets. Willa Perlman heads the Hasbro Properties Group in its mission to leverage Hasbro’s intellectual properties beyond traditional toys and games through out-licensing and other forms of entertainment.

 An important part of strong management in our industry is the ability to build brands, identify trends, develop hot product and leverage strong intellectual properties. Going forward, we are confident that we will be successful in all of these areas. Tiger’s ability to consistently produce hit products — staking claim to the number one toy and game product for the past two years, including POO-CHI in 2000 — proves that we have the ability and track record to be successful.
The Right Strategic Partners — As we said earlier, while we are structuring ourselves to be less reliant on licensed properties going forward, we will continue to embrace the right partners, at the right terms. For 2001, we are very excited about HARRY POTTER, JURASSIC PARK III, BOB THE BUILDER and the Disney/Pixar release of MONSTERS, INC.
We are thrilled with the strategic corporate alliance we formed with Disney last fall, enabling us to develop and market toys and games associated with upcoming Disney-branded film properties. Hasbro is also the Official Toy and Game Company for Walt Disney World Resort, Disneyland Resort and Disneyland Paris Resort. Our ability to win these rights under mutually beneficial terms gives us incredible opportunities, and we couldn’t be more pleased with this win-win situation.
Our goals are simple. We must grow our core brands, improve our cash flow, lower our debt levels and be selective in choosing licensing partners as we strive for long term, sustainable growth and profitability. We will do that by focusing on what we do best — making
great toys, games and lifestyle products.
Looking ahead, we expect to make significant progress in 2001, however, we realize that we will not enjoy all of the benefits overnight. We are confident that the moves we are making throughout our organization will bear fruit over time, and benefit our shareholders. In closing, we understand what we need to do, and we can assure you that we will stay disciplined and focused on executing our strategy.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     Alan G. Hassenfeld
Alfred J. Verrecchia
President and Chief Operating Officer
3
