To Our Shareholders
There is no better mission in life than "Making the World Smile!" At Hasbro, our business is built on fun, and our nearly 6,000 employees worldwide are all focused on bringing joy and exciting play experiences to millions of kids and families across the globe. You can see this commitment and passion in everything we do --- from the toys, games and licensed products we bring to market, to how we manage our business, and create value for our shareholders. As you read about all of the great things happening within your company, we hope that Hasbro brings out the kid in all of you and that you continue to personally discover the magic within our brands!

2007 Highlights
In 2007, Hasbro had a very strong year and delivered record-breaking results, in spite of the challenges facing the toy industry. We started 2007 strong, performed well throughout the year, and finished with a robust fourth quarter, even though the industry saw a holiday season that was negatively affected by a weak retail environment and the impact of the lead paint recalls. We were proud that Hasbro avoided any lead paint recalls --a tribute to our commitment to product safety. Our growth was broad based, both in terms of geography and product categories, and we continued to drive innovation in all aspects of our business. All in all, Hasbro had an extraordinary year! We have accomplished a great deal over the past six years --- growing revenues at a compounded annual growth rate of over 6%, surpassing our longer-term goal of 3-5% per year, and achieving an operating margin of 13.5%, also exceeding our target of 12% or better, set several years ago.

Financial Results
In 2007, Hasbro reached new financial milestones. We delivered our third consecutive year of record net earnings, which totaled $333 million, an increase of over $100 million compared to 2006's record net earnings of $230.1 million. We increased earnings per share 53% to $1.97, resulting in our seventh consecutive year of net earnings and earnings per share growth. Worldwide net revenues grew 22% to $3.8 billion, an increase of $686.1 million, compared to $3.2 billion a year ago, reflecting the success we have had in growing our core brands, particularly TRANSFORMERS and LITTLEST PET SHOP. Our operating profit improved 38% to $519.4 million or 13.5% of net revenues. In recognition of our strong financial performance and our commitment to creating value for our shareholders, in February 2008, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend, payable in May, of $0.20 per common share, an increase of $0.04 per share or 25% from the previous quarterly dividend of $0.16 per common share. Also in February of 2008, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase an additional $500 million in common stock.

Products Shown: Are You Smarter Than A 5th Grader? Transformers® BumblebeeTM Turbo Tooth TunesTM Toothbrush Littlest Pet Shop® VIPs

For the full-year 2007, the Company repurchased 20.8 million shares of common stock at a total cost of $587 million. From the resumption of our share buy-back program in 2005 through the end of 2007, we have spent $1.1 billion to repurchase more than 45.9 million shares. In addition, in 2007, we exercised our rights to purchase the Lucas warrants for $200 million --- bringing our total reduction in shares and warrants from 2005 through 2007 to approximately 62 million shares. Our buy-back program reflects both our significant cash generation, our expectations for the business going forward, and our commitment to create value for our shareholders.

World-class Brands
Since 2001, we have focused on re-inventing, re-imagining, re-igniting and growing Hasbro's world-class brands. This commitment remained as strong as ever in 2007, and as a result, our boys, girls, preschool, games and puzzles categories all performed well on a global basis. The boys business was particularly strong in 2007 with TRANSFORMERS, SPIDER-MAN and STAR WARS leading the charge as the top three boys properties in the industry. TRANSFORMERS generated approximately $480 million in revenue, while STAR WARS and MARVEL also delivered significant revenue. With several upcoming theatrical releases, The Incredible Hulk, Iron Man, Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, and Star Wars: The Clone Wars, and the planned release of SPIDER-MAN television animation, we expect the boys business to remain strong in 2008. Hasbro has emerged as a powerful player in the girls arena as well. Our girls business has grown substantially from $57 million in 2000 to $697 million in 2007, driven by strong performances from our core brands. We have consistently redefined this category by delivering innovative and exciting new product, and in 2008, we plan to continue this with the introduction of FURREAL FRIENDS BISCUIT, MY LOVIN' PUP, the worldwide launch of LITTLEST PET SHOP VIRTUAL INTERACTIVE PETS (VIPs), and the 25th birthday celebration of MY LITTLE PONY. PLAYSKOOL also had a good year and is a major priority for us again in 2008 as we celebrate the brand's 80th anniversary. In addition to our strong continuing product line, you'll see a number of new introductions for 2008. As a worldwide leader in games, we saw growth in our traditional board games business in 2007, resulting from strong performances from our core brands, as well as new introductions such as ARE YOU SMARTER THAN A 5TH GRADER?. In 2008, we've added new evergreen properties to our portfolio with the acquisition of Cranium, Inc., and we are continuing to drive our core brands with new additions like MONOPOLY HERE & NOW: THE WORLD EDITION. We also unveiled a great adjacency business in 2007 with the introduction of TOOTH TUNES. In 2008, we will be expanding the brand internationally and introducing TOOTH TUNES JUNIOR and TURBO TOOTH TUNES.

Digital Gaming and Marketing Initiatives
Changing consumer lifestyles have led to major opportunities in digital and casual gaming, and Hasbro is working with Electronic Arts (EA) to become a leader in casual gaming. This partnership is helping us to extend our core brands and offer consumers new and exciting ways to enjoy their favorite brands while on-the-go. In 2008, you'll see a number of new digital introductions based on Hasbro's most popular brands, including LITTLEST PET SHOP, NERF, MONOPOLY, CLUE, OPERATION, TRIVIAL PURSUIT and SCRABBLE.

Entertainment Experiences
Delivering new immersive entertainment experiences by expanding and contemporizing our brands continues to be a major focus for Hasbro. Building on the success of TRANSFORMERS, we are working with DreamWorks Pictures and Paramount Pictures on the next installment of the TRANSFORMERS story and with Paramount Pictures on G.I. JOE. Both movies are scheduled for release in 2009. We also have a new six-year strategic partnership with Universal Pictures to produce at least four motion pictures based on some of our world's best-known and beloved brands. The first movie is expected to be released in 2010 or 2011, and Universal will release at least one film a year thereafter. We're also working on a new game show, TRIVIAL PURSUIT: AMERICA PLAYS, in partnership with Debmar-Mercury for launch on television this fall.

Global Growth
International growth continues to be an important part of our strategy, with a dedicated focus on emerging markets. We have been increasing our investment in these markets by continuing to add marketing and sales support in countries like Brazil, Russia, India and China, as well as in Latin and South America and Eastern Europe --- all regions that we believe represent great long-term opportunities for Hasbro to grow. Last year we opened an office in Brazil and are in the process of opening offices in Russia and China, as we seek to drive our brands on a global basis.

Environmental Sustainability
Hasbro is committed to the preservation of the environment for the benefit of families today and future generations. We have a longstanding commitment to sustainability. Producing products and packaging consistent with our environmental responsibility is a major priority. Our stewardship includes careful conservation of the natural resources we use in all the areas of the company. We continue looking for ways to reduce waste, promote recycling, and increase efficiency of our energy and water use. Our goal is to take an active role in using both natural and recycled resources in an environmentally sound manner.

Outlook for 2008 and Beyond
As we look to the future, we are confident that we can continue to drive the results you expect. Since 2001, we've grown and strengthened our company, our leadership team, and are well positioned to continue to succeed. We have a world-class portfolio of brands, and we are continuing to exercise the strong financial discipline that has served us so well. In addition to strong brands and solid financial performance, great leadership is vital to Hasbro's future success. Therefore, we couldn't be more pleased that Brian Goldner, Chief Operating Officer, will be assuming the role of Chief Executive Officer on May 22, 2008. Brian has worked side-by-side with us for the past eight years and has proven himself to be an extraordinary leader. With his entrepreneurial spirit, creative stewardship and strong leadership, Brian has the right attributes to take Hasbro to the next level. Going forward, we will continue to be actively involved in Hasbro, with Al assuming the role of Hasbro's Chairman of the Board, and Alan remaining on the Board of Directors and continuing to Chair the Board's Executive Committee. We would also like to welcome Kenneth Bronfin, President of Hearst Interactive Media, to our Board of Directors. With 22 years of experience in the media and entertainment industry, Ken is one of the key forces behind Hearst Corporation's transformation from a traditional media company to an interactive media leader. His experience will be a great asset as we provide more immersive ways for consumers to enjoy our brands. Looking to 2008 and beyond, you can be sure that we're committed to creating value for all of our stakeholders. We plan to achieve this by continuing to drive innovation in all aspects of our business, leveraging our incredible world-class brand portfolio, managing our business efficiently, and operating under the highest legal and ethical ideals. In closing, I would like to invite you to stay informed of all the latest happenings within your company by visiting Hasbro's website at www.hasbro.com. There you will find the latest information on earnings, new products, corporate social responsibility, as well as other important updates. We thank you for your continued support, and we look forward to another successful year in 2008!

Alfred J. Verrecchia
President and Chief Executive Officer

Alan G. Hassenfeld
Chairman of the Board

