A N N U A L

R E P O R T

2 0 1 6

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDER,

2016

Revenues
$5.0B

+13%
$4.4B

2015

2016

Operating Profit
$788M

+14%
$692M

2015

2016

Diluted Earnings per Share
$4.34

+22%
$3.57

2015

2016

was a very good year for our Company. Over the past ten years, we have assembled an exceptional team with the capabilities to execute our Brand Blueprint with excellence. The blueprint has remained a constant, our North Star, guiding our strategic decisions and investments while we built an organization with differentiated brands, capabilities and approaches to the consumer. The investments we are making and the cultural mindset we are instilling are not only delivering improving results but also creating strategic differentiators for Hasbro. Through our consumer insight and story-led brand focus, we e are creating innovative play and compelling entertainment to successfully operate as a global play and entertainment company and enhance long-term m shareholder value, for you, our shareholders. Our focus on driving the profitable growth of Hasbro delivered a record year. Revenues grew 13% and it was Hasbro's first $5 billion revenue year. Operating profit increased 14% and diluted earnings per share grew to $4.34 per share. All regions contributed to the strong 2016 performance. Revenues in the U.S. and Canada segment increased 15% for the year, the International segment gained 11% and the Entertainment and Licensing segment was up 8%. We grew in major developed ped economies including the U.S., U.K., France, Germany many and Canada. Revenue also increased in Brazil, Russia and China. In total, revenues in the emerging markets grew approximately 12% in constant dollars. Hasbro's growth in 2016 outpaced the overall rall market and we gained share in almost every country we track. ack. This includes share gains in the U.S., U.K., Brazil and Russia. We finished the year strong. Hasbro was ranked number one in market share in rew to become the industry for the month of December. We grew the top market share company in the Brazilian market for the sition last year, and, after taking over the number two position ion and year in Europe, we gained share across the region were the top company in Spain.*

*Source: NPD, among the top nine markets tracked by NPD.

During 2016, we returned $400 million to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase program and ended the year with $1.3 billion in cash. Given our recent success and favorable outlook, in February 2017, Hasbro's Board of Directors declared a 12% increase in the quarterly dividend, to $0.57 per share. This marked the 13th increase in our quarterly dividend over the past 14 years. As of December 31, 2016, Hasbro's total shareholder return outpaced both the S&P 500 and Russell 1000 Consumer Discretionary Index over each of the 1-year, 3-year, 5-year and 10-year periods. We remain committed to unlocking the full potential of our brands and our business, while continuing to enhance long-term shareholder value. Our strategy to accomplish these goals is imbedded in our Brand Blueprint. Brand Blueprint
Toy & Game Product Innovation

compound annual growth rate over the last 10 years with a combined operating profit margin well above company average, approaching 20% and above. We are working with the industry's best partners to develop toys and games that enhance their brand stories and help them grow. In 2016, we added DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN to our robust Partner Brand portfolio, which includes STAR WARS, MARVEL and several other amazing properties. DREAMWORKS' TROLLS also joined the portfolio last year, which further includes SESAME STREET, BEYBLADE and YOKAI WATCH. In 2016, Partner Brand revenues grew 28% to $1.4 billion. Share of Life To grow and extend our brands into new expressions, new categories and new experiences, we are focused on the Share of Life that our brands capture. We are reaching a broader spectrum of consumers and audiences across an expanding range of demographics, psychographics and geographies than ever before in our greater than 90-year history. We believe we are still very much in the early days of developing many of our brands and realizing their full potential. Approximately 20% of Hasbro's products are consumed by people over 14 years of age. This demographic is one of our fastest growing. We are strategically expanding our demographic base through several new initiatives targeting the rapidly-growing and increasingly diverse fan economy, including TRANSFORMERS: GENERATIONS, STAR WARS BLACK SERIES and MARVEL LEGENDS. Each of these target the growing fan economy, which now stretches across ages and genders from casual fans to our more fervent super fans. We are also expanding our demographics by investing in and growing brands like MAGIC: THE GATHERING and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS that primarily appeal to teenage and adult gamers. We are growing our adult gaming business with brands like TABOO, CRANIUM DARK, TRIVIAL PURSUIT, as well as digital games including MONOPOLY, SCRABBLE

STORYTELLING

Digital Gaming

HASBRO BRANDS
CONSUMER INSIGHTS

Consumer Products

GLOBAL MARKETS
Developed Developing Emerging

Immersive Entertainment Experiences
OMNI-CHANNEL RETAIL PARTNERSHIPS

Brands Brands sit at the center of everything we do and we are mining one of the richest brand portfolios in the industry. Hasbro's Brand Blueprint was established to build a meaningful 360-degree, all-inclusive relationship between our brands and people globally. Our global brand teams seek out the essence of each brand: what it means to fans, children and families. Each interaction creates emotional connections between our brands and their fans. This connection evolves over time. Hasbro's Franchise Brands represent our greatest opportunity for growth in revenue, operating profit and consumer engagement across the blueprint. These brands grew a combined 2% to $2.3 billion in 2016, a 10%

Franchise Brands

2

and YAHTZEE that are played primarily by older consumers. Finally, we are expanding our NERF audience to include older consumers with our new rapidly growing NERF RIVAL segment, which targets consumers who are 14 years of age and older. Our proprietary insights and analytics identified inclusivity as a key strategic platform to expand and diversify our audiences. We are purposely moving beyond traditional gender and demographic stereotypes. We are successfully growing our audiences with more girls and women than ever before for brands including our own TRANSFORMERS and NERF, as well as brands like STAR WARS and MARVEL. We have tripled our TRANSFORMERS toy sales amongst females in the U.S. over the past few years as we have introduced strong female characters in our storytelling. With NERF, we have evolved our marketing to be much more inclusive and more appropriately reflect the true diversity of our NERF consumer base. The result? We've doubled our NERF sales amongst females in the last four years. We've significantly grown our BABY ALIVE business, by expanding our product line to include more ethnicities and by designing product and marketing for both girls and boys. With Partner Brands, we've adopted dual-gender campaigns, like the new MARVEL "Heroes Come in All Sizes" campaign, that feature both girls and boys. Our brands are expansive and inclusive. To match how we manage the business and communicate the progress we are making, beginning with the first quarter 2017, we will report our category revenue in line with our Brand Portfolio: Franchise Brands, Partner Brands, Hasbro Gaming and Emerging Brands. Global Consumer Insights As our reach expands, we are increasingly mining proprietary Global Consumer Insights. Hasbro's global insight hunters inform brand development by identifying what consumers truly want and need. They undertake research, including foundational studies and direct interaction with kids and families globally. These efforts orient our organization to begin with consumer learning and discovery across our portfolio more deeply and in more places. In 2016 alone, we spoke to more than 76,000 individuals in 14 countries. Insights uncovered lead to significant new initiatives for Hasbro. They enable us to rethink long-standing market approaches, including innovating brands like NERF and BABY ALIVE, and taking a fresh approach with creative development for the DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY FROZEN toy lines. Storytelling Storytelling joins consumer insights to surround and inform brands at the center of our blueprint. Telling stories across mediums creates immersive brand experiences. Hasbro's world-class storytellers are developing content for all audiences on all screens in entertainment, publishing, through social media, on websites and in digital gaming. This includes more than 1,600 half-hours of original programming and 1,100 pieces of short-form content created by Hasbro Studios. Since establishing Hasbro Studios in 2009, we've invested approximately $350 million in cash on content which in turn has delivered more than $2 billion in associated revenues and delivered our brands in as many as 190 territories worldwide, including the increasingly important emerging markets. This past summer we acquired Boulder Media to advance our animation capability, improve our cost efficiency and increase our speed to market. The team in Ireland has a raft of animation experience and is supporting Hasbro

On October 6, 2017, Hasbro's Allspark Pictures and Lionsgate will premier our first animated feature film, MY LITTLE PONY: THE MOVIE. MY LITTLE PONY is a brand founded in storytelling. We engage with our consumers every day around the world with best-in-class content that allows them to journey into the world of Equestria and get to know our relatable and lovable characters. This, coupled with staying grounded in our consistent and authentic message of friendship, is what makes the magic of our brand come alive and what has allowed us to enjoy 250% net revenue growth since our reignition of the brand in 2010. We have created over 130 episodes of MY LITTLE PONY: FRIENDSHIP IS MAGIC and hundreds of minutes of short-form and special content. In 2017, we will be telling our story in a whole new way as we head to the big screen. This global theatrical event will not only bring a fresh story to our fans that are already engaging heavily with the brand, but it offers a whole new entry point for new audiences and fans.

3

Studios and will shortly support our film label, Allspark Pictures. To further extend the reach of Hasbro's brand content, our digital team reaches global audiences daily, bringing Hasbro brands to life across digital mediums. The advent of Facebook, YouTube, and the iPhone just a decade ago revolutionized technology usage. At their earliest days, we saw consumers increasingly connecting to stories. We invested in building our storytelling capabilities and focused Hasbro to capitalize on the tremendous growth coming from entertainmentbacked properties. Today, fans around the world enhance our efforts by creating their own authentic content on Hasbro brands. Digital Gaming To further differentiate our brands, we are focused on building our brand portfolio and expertise within digital gaming. Mobile gaming has become one of the largest segments of gaming with the largest projected growth. Over the past 10 years, given our game brand assets, we have positioned Hasbro better than any other competitor to capitalize on this immense opportunity. Beginning in 2007, we initiated licensing efforts to bring Hasbro's vast brand portfolio to digital gaming. We have expanded these efforts as our experts work with the industry's best companies across a growing number of platforms. We built our own capabilities and in 2013 invested in Backflip Studios. The studio had successful launches of TRANSFORMERS EARTH WARS and DRAGONVALE WORLD last year. This success, combined with growth of our licensed games, notably YAHTZEE WITH BUDDIES from Scopely, drove greater than 50% revenue growth in Hasbro's mobile gaming revenues last year. Nearly 4 million people play our digital games

across all of Hasbro Gaming and all of Hasbro brands every day. The mobile gaming market is dynamic, and much has changed since 2013 when we first invested in Backflip. During the fourth quarter 2016, we recorded a $32.9 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge related to that investment. We remain committed to the team and investing to grow Hasbro's brands in digital gaming. Beginning in the first quarter 2017, we began operating Backflip as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hasbro. Going forward, Backflip will be focused on fewer, bigger initiatives, including new Hasbro-branded games, and will continue to build our expertise in this important and strategic gaming market. In total, Hasbro gaming across analog and digital platforms represented $1.4 billion in revenue for Hasbro last year, an increase of 9%. Our gaming portfolio is unparalleled and addresses broader demographics and play experiences than any other company. Last year, according to NPD, Hasbro had 13 of the top 15 overall face-to-face games in the U.S. and all five of the top five new games. In addition, MAGIC: THE GATHERING delivered its eighth consecutive year of revenue growth, and we grew brands like DUEL MASTERS and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS. Consumer Products Our brand-building efforts, informed by insights and storytelling, are creating brands that consumers want to buy into more deeply. Hasbro's Consumer Products team has expanded our licensing business by geography, category and franchise. Today we have a global consumer products business in 23 offices with category expertise and best-in-class licensees. Our investment has delivered an average revenue growth rate of 10% and operating profit margin increases of 14% over five years.

Mobile has become one of the largest segments of gaming with the largest projected growth.

4

Innovative, insight-driven and story-led brands appeal to global consumers and audiences.

Hasbro global brands execute at retail across categories as one voice. This coordinated execution is empowering a stronger presence at retail and unlocking opportunities in emerging markets and new consumer segments and experiences. Consumer products will be integral to launching new brands, such as HANAZUKI in 2017, and building deeper relationships with our fans and our retail partners. These partners are highly supportive of our 2017 entertainment initiatives including TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT and MY LITTLE PONY: THE MOVIE. Toy & Game Innovation We have traveled full circle around the blueprint to where Hasbro began its journey -- in toy and game innovation. Innovative, insight-driven and story-led brands appeal to global consumers and audiences. They drive deeper engagement with brands and innovative approaches to play. We invested over $1 billion in product development over the past five years. This investment represents a higher percentage of sales than other companies in our industry. Our commitment to investing in innovation ensures the deep consumer engagement we are building through content, digital gaming and consumer products is enhanced by tremendous experiences with our toys and games. Today, our brands cross genres and demographics, representing a significant area of current and future growth. We have created immersive in-store experiences and dramatically increased our reach in growing emerging markets. We have opened offices in 12 emerging markets since 2008, and will add India in 2017. To capitalize fully on the rich brand experiences we are creating, consumers are increasingly able to engage in and buy into our brands anytime and anywhere. In addition to our rich global retailer relationships, we've expanded in growing new channels including e-commerce and value.

E-commerce lives at the intersection of storytelling and innovation. Our ability to engage with consumers online, provide online and omnichannel retailers with superior assets, and drive profitable sales conversion delivered e-commerce growth in the U.S. in 2016 three times greater than our total traditional consumer takeaway. E-commerce represents one of our largest growth drivers. We are investing in people, marketing, data and technology to create world-class e-commerce experiences. It allows us to revolutionize and stretch the retail calendar and drive higher price point purchases, which in turn fuels the growing fan economy and our expanding Share of Life. We continue to strengthen our partnerships with leading retailers around the globe, turning digital content into commerce. In 2016, our China team partnered with Tmall and their parent company, Alibaba, on integrating TRANSFORMERS into their 11/11 Singles' Day celebration, the largest online retail event in the world. This carefully orchestrated event included a live streaming event from Alibaba's campus and a TRANSFORMERS TV spot that transformed the Tmall mascot. The event culminated with OPTIMUS PRIME and BUMBLEBEE kicking off Tmall's 11/11 live televised stage show. At Tmall in China, this partnership drove a 47% lift in the TRANSFORMERS business year-over-year during Singles' Day and it had the halo effect of lifting all Hasbro brands by 50%, the strongest result for anyone in our space. We are also leading with innovative new e-commerce experiences like Amazon Dash shopping buttons for NERF and PLAY-DOH, while working with our top retailers to deliver integrated toy and consumer product campaigns and immersive marketing experiences. In fact, Hasbro was the only company in the toy and game business to be nominated by Walmart USA for e-commerce supplier of the year.

5

Making the World a Better Place Our teams are aligned globally to execute at a high level. Hasbro has the best people in our business, or any business, driving our strategy, creativity and results. Every day they are inspired to achieve our purpose of making the world a better place for children and their families. In 2016, 93% of our employees gave a total of 67,000 volunteer hours through our Team Hasbro program. Over the past year, Hasbro provided $14 million in total philanthropic support, impacting more than three million children worldwide. Our fourth annual Global Day of Joy took place on December 15, 2016, and Team Hasbro employees in 40 countries volunteered with more than 200 charitable organizations to make a difference for 95,000 children across the globe through the power of volunteerism. In addition, Hasbro launched BE FEARLESS BE KIND, a signature philanthropic initiative designed to inspire and empower kids to have the compassion, empathy and courage to stand up for others and be inclusive throughout their lives. By elevating this issue and providing resources to help parents and kids, we are building a kinder generation. Being the "World's Best" is built on a strong corporate social responsibility (CSR) mindset which is powered by our belief that every day is a chance to be better. Joy, creativity and problem solving ­ the things we love most about play ­ inspire us to make a positive and enduring difference in the world. Thinking and acting responsibly guides us toward smarter ways of doing business. It unlocks new opportunities to improve how we design, create, manufacture and market our iconic brands. Our deep commitment to CSR reflects our desire to help build a safer, more sustainable world for future generations. Product safety continues to be one of our highest priorities and we maintained our outstanding product safety record with no consumer product recalls in 2016. We continue to take ambitious steps to reduce our environmental footprint, including the use of renewable energy for 100 percent of our U.S. electricity consumption. In 2016, we launched Hasbro's Sustainability Center of Excellence marking the next phase of our sustainability journey to drive our environmental strategy across the global organization.

We also work closely with our suppliers to ensure ethical sourcing in our supply chain. Our actions continue to rank us among leading companies globally including the Ethisphere Institute's World's Most Ethical Company ranking for the sixth consecutive year; Corporate Responsibility Magazine's 100 Best Corporate Citizens for the fifth straight year ­ taking the top spot for Most Responsible Company in the Consumer Items Industry Sector; one of America's most community-minded companies in The Civic50, an initiative of Points of Light, in partnership with Bloomberg LP; and one of America's most reputable companies on the U.S. RepTrak 100 List. We continue to benefit from the strategic guidance of an experienced and diverse Board of Directors. In 2016, Mary Beth West, former Executive Vice President, Chief Customer and Marketing Officer for J.C. Penney Company, and Hope Cochran, former Chief Financial Officer of King Digital and current Venture Partner at Madrona Venture Group, joined our Board. Mary Beth and Hope bring experience in strategically important areas and industries. We are already benefitting from their perspective and insight. I want to also thank two long-standing Board members who will not stand for re-election at this year's annual shareholder meeting, Basil Anderson and Alan Batkin. We have truly benefited from their viewpoints, guidance and debate over the years and thank them for their contribution to Hasbro. As we look ahead, our global Hasbro teams have a clear line of sight toward achieving our mission of Creating the World's Best Play Experiences. In our Brand Blueprint, we have a strategic roadmap guiding our actions. Our financial strength enables us to continue investing in our business while driving the long-term profitable growth of Hasbro. Our consumers, our industry and our global environment continue to evolve. With your continued support, the leadership of our Board, our management team and the 5,000 plus dedicated Hasbro employees around the world, we are committed to leading in our actions and our performance every day. Brian D. Goldner Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

6

