 To Our Fellow
Shareholders
Over the past several years, we have shared with you our vision and our plan to develop Hasbro into a global, branded-play company. Together, we are building an industry-
leading organization with global reach and multi-faceted competencies. This begins
with our unmatched portfolio of Hasbro and partner brands and reaches across consumer experiences, including innovative and fun toys, games, digital engagement, lifestyle licensing and entertainment experiences.
We are still in the early stages of unlocking the full potential of our brands, but our
brand blueprint strategy is working. Our infrastructure to execute this strategy is in place and everyone at Hasbro is focused on brand building that resonates globally with consumers and retailers.
We have streamlined our organization and identified the highest-potential, global opportunities for our teams. Today, we are in a strong financial and competitive position to achieve this potential. Through the global execution of our branded-play strategy,
the Hasbro team is working to deliver long- term, profitable growth and enhanced total shareholder return.
 2012 In Review
In 2012, we made significant strides toward accomplishing many objectives we set and communicated for Hasbro.
 We grew 2012 EPS to $2.81 versus $2.74 per share in 2011, including a ten cent negative impact of foreign exchange. This excludes restructuring charges in both years and a tax benefit in 2011.*
 We returned the U.S. & Canada segment to historical operating profit margins, despite recording lower revenues in the year. In turn, overall operating profit margin for Hasbro increased to 14.7% excluding charges.*
 We leveraged our international investments, growing our emerging markets’ revenues by 16%. These are markets in which we have significantly invested over the past several years. Importantly, we delivered better than break even profit for all major emerging markets, outside of China, one year ahead of plan.
 We grew the Games category against an objective of stabilization and improved operating profit margins in the category.
 We grew revenue in our Girls category, driven by innovation and immersive experiences across the FURBY and MY LITTLE PONY brands.
 Although we did not originally state this goal, we grew Entertainment and Licensing segment revenues and operating profit in a year following a major TRANSFORMERS motion picture.
        Our full-year 2012 net revenues were $4.09 billion and included a $98.5 million negative impact from foreign exchange and
a more than $100 million reduction in retail inventories.
During the year, we faced challenging economic conditions
in developed economies and a difficult comparison with 2011, when we had recorded nearly $1 billion in revenues from the TRANSFORMERS and BEYBLADE brands.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
Table of Contents
 To Our Fellow Shareholders
Board of Directors and Executive Officers 5-Year Total Shareholder Return
FORM 10-K Part I
Item 1. Business.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Item 2. Properties
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Part II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Item 6. Selected Financial Data
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Item 9B. Other Information
Part III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Item 11. Executive Compensation
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services
Part IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
Signatures
Shareholder Information

We begin 2013 in a strong position with good quality inventory at Hasbro and our retail partners, as well as compelling brand innovation. This is despite not achieving our objective of growing 2012 revenues absent the impact of foreign exchange versus $4.29 billion in revenues in 2011.
Generating, Investing and Returning Cash
Over the past five years, Hasbro has generated $2.2
billion in operating cash flow. We have used that cash to strategically invest more than $400 million in expanding our global footprint and capabilities across several long- term growth opportunities, including the emerging markets, entertainment - including Hasbro Studios - and licensing.
In 2009, we also invested $300 million in our joint venture with Discovery Communications to establish THE HUB kids’ television network in the U.S. In 2012, THE HUB had a record year in terms of ratings and was the fastest growing children’s cable network in both distribution and ratings growth. This strategic investment was the catalyst for launching Hasbro Studios and our global television strategy. Today, we have Hasbro television programs airing in more than 170 countries around the world.
During that five-year period, we have remained committed to returning cash to you, our shareholders. We have paid $731 million through our dividend program and spent $1.6 billion in share repurchases.
In 2012, we generated $535 million in operating
cash flow, ahead of our $500 million annual target. Our consistent cash generation continues to provide us with capital to both strategically deploy back into our business and return to you, our shareholders.
As a result, last year we were able to return $323.5 million dollars to shareholders. This included $225.5 million through our quarterly dividend program, including $46.6 million dollars associated with the accelerated payment
of our historical February dividend, which we paid in December 2012.
Importantly, in February 2013, we announced the ninth increase of our dividend over the last ten years. The new quarterly dividend rate is $0.40 per share, up 11%, or $0.04, from the previous rate of $0.36 per share. Our ability to increase the dividend continues to speak to the confidence our Board of Directors has in the long-term opportunities for our company.
During 2012, we also spent $100 million on share repurchases, buying back 2.7 million shares at an average price of $37.11.
Increasing Focus, Streamlining the Company
As we continue to accelerate the transformation of our company while operating in markets with new consumer and retail dynamics, we have outlined a company wide cost savings initiative designed to deliver $100 million in annual savings by 2015.
We are reviewing the organization from top to bottom to identify cost-saving opportunities. To date, these include an approximate 10% reduction in work force, including
an early retirement offering, facility consolidation, the continuation of our item and SKU count reduction programs and the implementation of process improvements. These actions are global in nature and reach across multiple disciplines and functions.
Our 2012 results include a pre-tax charge of $36 million related to the initial implementation of this program and we anticipate $20-$30 million in additional charges in 2013. We expect to realize 2013 net savings of $15-$25 million with the remainder of the savings being fully recognized by 2015 as all aspects of the plan are implemented.
Over the past several years, we’ve invested in strategic growth opportunities for Hasbro. We’ve added new brand- building capabilities, while eliminating many historical complex and costly SKU-making behaviors. We will continue investing strategically for the long-term where we anticipate strong returns on that investment, but we are accelerating our cost-saving efforts to reflect the market environment and our strategic decision to focus on fewer, more significant initiatives. Our objective remains to help ensure that, in any environment, we continue to enhance our total shareholder returns, while delivering great innovation and play experiences to our global customers and consumers.
Building Global Brands
Innovation, entertainment, digital engagement, engaging storytelling and global consumer insights are at the center of our brand initiatives year in and year out.
In 2012, the combination of these elements of our blueprint enabled several brands to stand out.
As one of our franchise brands, MY LITTLE PONY continued on its growth trajectory last year. With the support of global television, product innovation, inventive licensing, a new digital app game, online experiences and a strong retail execution, MY LITTLE PONY posted very robust, double-digit growth year-over-year. In 2013, the magical storytelling behind our global animation will focus on an all-new theme and we will unveil an entirely new intellectual property based on the brand.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
FURBY returned to our line in English-speaking
markets last year and delivered a great year. By November, the UK was entirely out of stock and FURBY was named “Toy of the Year” at the Toy Industry Awards in that country. In 2013, FURBY goes global and we will continue to add new, innovative brand experiences that combine the uniqueness of FURBY with great digital engagement.
Within our partner brands, we had a record year last year with our Marvel partnership. Supported by two great films, Marvel’s The Avengers and The Amazing Spider-Man, our brand initiatives leveraged the tremendous innovation and storytelling from Marvel, combined with the global scope and strong consumer-oriented approach of Disney. We are very excited about the potential for growing our partnership with Disney and helping to build global brands together.
As mentioned earlier, in 2012, our Games category revenues grew versus our objective of stabilization.
The MAGIC: THE GATHERING brand had another tremendous year, growing more than 30% and marking the brand’s fourth consecutive year of 25% revenue growth or greater. The team has leveraged three basic elements: digital investment, serialized entertainment and in-store branded play to drive higher levels of player engagement and attract new players. As a result, our player population and revenue is growing. Today, there are approximately 3.3 million active MAGIC: THE GATHERING players worldwide.
Our games success, however, was not limited to the continued growth of MAGIC: THE GATHERING. In 2011, we established our new Gaming Center of Excellence, which brought to Rhode Island our gaming design, development and marketing talent. In 2012, we are already seeing results generated by the new ideas and gaming reinvention from the team. Understanding that gaming is changing, but remains very relevant to kids and families, we are no longer primarily focused on board games, but instead on delivering engaging gaming experiences across all gaming platforms.
As a result, we had a number of new games initiatives that performed well last year, including TWISTER DANCE, MONOPOLY MILLIONAIRE and BATTLESHIP. We launched a very successful new Action Battling gaming initiative across several brands, including TRANSFORMERS BOT SHOTS, STAR WARS FIGHTER PODS and, despite launching late
in the year, received a strong contribution from our new partnership with Rovio Entertainment and Lucasfilm for ANGRY BIRDS STAR WARS.
We continued to partner with industry-leading, digital gaming companies, including Electronic Arts, Activision, Gameloft, DeNA and Callaway, to extend the reach and
engagement with our consumers across digital gaming platforms. In 2012, these partnerships resulted in a more than 90% increase in mobile digital downloads of Hasbro brands. Tens of millions of people are experiencing Hasbro brands digitally every year.
Expanding Globally
To build global brands, an organization has to truly be global. Several years ago, we organized Hasbro around global brands, marketing and development teams. We supported these teams with investments in new offices, opening multiple new offices in emerging markets. We established new warehouses, including a new warehouse in Russia in 2012, and we established new infrastructure, headlined by a global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system and the implementation of supporting shared services functions. We continue to roll this ERP system out globally.
In 2012, our emerging markets business grew 16% and represented more than 10% of our total revenues. We have outpaced industry growth rates in the emerging markets by more than two times over the last five years. We’ve also achieved positive profitability ahead of our schedule in virtually all our major emerging markets.
Within the emerging markets, we are seeing growth and the potential for growth across categories. Our brands resonate with consumers. Hasbro television programming is airing in these markets. In addition, China, Russia and Brazil are the three fastest-growing markets in terms of global box office. Our brand blueprint is coming to life in the emerging markets, and our entertainment and non-entertainment supported brands are benefitting.
Leading Globally
One thing that has always been true at Hasbro is the tremendous talent we have representing the company across the world. In early 2013, we made some changes to our senior management team that recognize outstanding leadership and assign new responsibilities as part of Hasbro’s commitment to realizing the full global potential of our brands.
David Hargreaves, a 30-year veteran of Hasbro and most recently our Chief Operating Officer, has assumed the newly-created position of Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. In this role, David is focused
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
on building Hasbro’s new business pipeline, identifying opportunities for long-term growth and fostering relationships with not only our current partners, but with new partners as well. David will continue to be a critically important member of our senior management team.
We are also very pleased to appoint Wiebe Tinga,
a 25-year veteran of Hasbro, in the newly-created role of Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer.
In this position, Wiebe is responsible for the leadership of
all commercial activities in North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific. Prior to this appointment, Wiebe was President of North America, and has previously served as Hasbro’s President, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Emerging Markets and General Manager of Hasbro’s Northern and Central European Region. Over the past year, Wiebe’s leadership helped return our U.S. and Canada segment to historical levels of operating profit.
Hasbro is only as strong as the team we have globally
and we are proud of the talented, passionate people we have around the world. In early 2013, for the third year in a row, we were named to Fortune Magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For.” This recognition is a terrific reflection of the culture and community we aspire to at Hasbro.
Playing Responsibly
At Hasbro, our passion for fulfilling the fundamental human need for play goes hand in hand with playing responsibly
– for our company, our consumers, and our world. We are committed to playing fair, making safe products and being socially and environmentally responsible. We believe it will be the companies that recognize, systematically address and sustain strong corporate social responsibility (CSR) practices, and view such practices as a strategic imperative, that will enjoy the greatest success today and well into the future.
We have made great strides in our CSR efforts and continue our momentum to design more environmentally sustainable packaging. In 2012, we announced our commitment to reduce product packaging materials for
Brian D. Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer
many of our popular brands and products by improving the average product-to-package ratio beginning that year. Beginning in 2013, we will eliminate PVC from new core toy and game packaging. These packaging improvements are the most recent efforts in a long series of sustainable packaging initiatives we have undertaken over the past years, all of which are designed to minimize the impact on our natural resources.
We are honored to be the recipient of several prestigious recognitions, including being named on Ethisphere’s “World’s Most Ethical Companies” list in 2012 and 2013; ranking #23 on Corporate Responsibility’s 2012 “100 Best Corporate Citizens” list; ranking #10 on Bloomberg News’ “The Civic 50” list; and receiving the U.S. EPA’s Climate Leadership Award for Excellence in Greenhouse Gas Management Goal Achievement.
Importantly, Hasbro also has a long and proud tradition of supporting children worldwide through a variety of philanthropic programs, and this past year was no different. In 2012, Hasbro contributed over $14 million in philanthropic support through the Hasbro Children’s Fund and our Gift of Play product donation program to more than three million children worldwide from Beijing, China to Pawtucket, RI. Additionally, our Team Hasbro employees volunteered more than 20,000 hours of talent and expertise during the year, reaffirming that, at Hasbro, every day, we strive to use our global assets to empower childhood for those who need us most.
Looking Forward
In 2013, Hasbro is celebrating its 90th year. What began as a small, local textile company in Rhode Island is today a global leader in branded play with many of the best known brands in the industry. It is amazing to look back and see all that we have accomplished since that time, while fully understanding the scope of opportunities ahead of us.
Together, we look forward to taking the next steps in our company’s evolution with you.
Alfred J. Verrecchia, Chairman of the Board
           * Net earnings for the full-year 2012 were $336.0 million, or $2.55 per diluted share, versus $385.4 million, or $2.82 per diluted share, in 2011. 2012 net earnings include $47.2 million pre-tax, or $0.26 per diluted share, of restructuring charges. 2012 operating profit margins as reported were 13.5%. Excluding these charges, net earnings were $370.8 million, or $2.81 per diluted share and operating profit margins were 14.7%.
The Company’s reported 2011 earnings per diluted share included the impact of a $20.5 million favorable tax adjustment, or $0.15 per diluted share, and pre-tax expense of $14.4 million, or $0.07 per diluted share, related to costs associated with establishing Hasbro’s Gaming Center of Excellence in Rhode Island. Earnings per diluted share for 2011 excluding these two items were $2.74.
Hasbro Annual Report 2012
 