 Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2013 represented an important inflection point for Hasbro as we heightened our focus and execution around our most important global initiatives, our Franchise Brands, across
our brand blueprint.
Over the past five years, we established, invested in and honed our brand blueprint. Today, it informs everything we do. As Hasbro and our markets experience ongoing change across our global consumer and retailer base,
the blueprint directs our decision making.
Hasbro brands and our Partner Brands sit at the center of this blueprint. We execute these brand experiences to create the innovative toys and games Hasbro is known for around the world. For Hasbro brands, we also create engaging and impactful digital media, immersive entertainment and lifestyle licensing experiences for consumers and audiences globally.
In 2013, we heightened our focus on Hasbro’s Franchise Brands: LITTLEST PET
SHOP, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF, PLAY-DOH
and TRANSFORMERS. We streamlined our organization, putting more resources and investments behind these valuable brands because we believe they offer the greatest long-term potential in terms of revenues, profitability and expansion across the blueprint. Importantly, we believe we are very early on in executing against the full potential globally for Hasbro’s Franchise Brands.
We also strengthened our Partner Brand initiatives by expanding our strategic merchandising relationship with The Walt Disney Company for major entertainment brands, Marvel and Star Wars. Presently, our agreements for Marvel and Star Wars extend to the end of 2020 and cover all film and television over that time. The Walt Disney Company’s planned entertainment slate provides extensive franchise support to build upon for years to come.
As a result of our brand blueprint execution and focus on Franchise Brands and Partner Brands globally, Hasbro is creating a revolution
in play: across Geographies, Consumer engagement
and at Hasbro.
annual 2013report

2013: Focusing our Business
Our increased focus on Hasbro Franchise Brands and the execution of our brand blueprint is evident in our 2013 results. For the year, Hasbro revenues were $4.08 billion and, excluding charges, operating profit margin was 14.6%, both essentially flat with 2012 results.1
Hasbro’s Franchise Brands delivered revenue growth in 2013 of 15% year-over-year and together they represented 44% of total revenues. Franchise Brands grew double digits in both the U.S. and Canada segment and the International segment.
Additionally, in 2013, our investment in Emerging Markets continued to deliver double-digit revenue growth for Hasbro in these markets. In 2013, our Emerging Market revenue grew 25% to $575 million or 14% of Hasbro’s revenues globally. Emerging Market growth helped deliver higher revenues in all Hasbro’s major international regions: Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific.
Profitability in the Emerging Markets also increased, growing more than 40% year-over-year to 10.1% operating profit margin versus 8.9% in 2012. This improvement is the result of strong top-line growth driven by the execution of our brand blueprint, as
we begin leveraging our investments in these higher growth markets. We believe over time these margins will improve to approach company average operating profit margin levels.
2013, however, presented difficult comparisons given the entertainment calendar in 2013 versus 2012 and continued challenges in developed economies such as the U.S. and Australia. Despite these challenges, revenues grew in the Girls, Games and Preschool categories offsetting the decline in the Boys category following a strong 2012 entertainment year.
We remain focused on growing our profitability faster than revenues over time. Throughout Hasbro,
we have been actively implementing our cost savings initiative to deliver $100 million in underlying cost savings by the end of 2015. From a strategic perspective this program focuses our efforts on fewer brand initiatives while we tactically streamline the organization, exit unprofitable brands, license out select brands and build
Hasbro’s global team orientation. In 2013, we incurred a number of restructuring and other charges, mostly associated with the transformation of our business, but we are better positioned today to deliver long-term profitable growth in our business and enhanced total shareholder return.
Our balance sheet remained strong and in 2013 we generated $401 million in operating cash flow. We are committed to strategically investing in our business and returning excess cash to our shareholders through our dividend and buyback programs.
In February 2014, we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend of $0.03 per share, or 8%, to $0.43 per share. This is the 10th increase in 11 years and fifth consecutive year with an increase in our dividend. In fact, over the last decade our quarterly dividend has grown from $0.06 per share to its current rate of $0.43 per share.
Additionally, in August 2013, the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase an additional $500 million of our common stock. $524.8 million remained available at year-end in current share repurchase authorizations.
Over the past five years, we’ve returned $2.1 billion to you, our shareholders, through our dividend and buyback programs. This represented 121% of our net earnings during this period and, after investing in our business, remains our top priority for use of excess cash.
Our target remains to generate $500 million in operating cash flow on average per year. In 2013, operating cash flow would have exceeded $500 million if not for $125 million in long-term royalty advances we paid during the year as we extended our strategic merchandising relationship with The Walt Disney Company.
revolution across Geographies
The Revolution in Play we are creating begins with a Revolution in Geography, where we have significantly invested in establishing and orienting Hasbro globally. We are turning the pyramid of global growth on its head, investing in emerging markets to achieve double- digit growth, improving our execution in developing
    annual 2013report

 economies where we believe we can deliver above industry average growth and innovating in our developed economies to gain share and grow over time.
Over the past five years, we opened and expanded offices in new and emerging markets and implemented global development and marketing organizations. As a result, Emerging Market revenues grew at a 30% compound annual growth rate for the five year period, while operating profit in these markets expanded 96% during the same time.
In the U.S. and Canada, we are poised for improvement, with a focus on Franchise and Partner Brands, strong television and film entertainment and the right innovative products at retail. Our future performance will be driven by sustained brand building and an entertainment calendar which does not peak in 2014, but builds over a several year period.
revolution in Consumer engagement: anytime, anywhere, any Medium
As we compete around the world, our brands are the key point of engagement for global
consumers and audiences.
Recognizing this trend for several years now, we made substantial investments to build and enhance our story telling and content creation capabilities. We use these investments to bring our brands to life for consumers globally with compelling and emotionally resonant characters and stories.
At Hasbro Studios, we’ve produced over 1,000 half hours of television programming since we began a few years ago. In 2013, our shows aired
in 180 territories globally, including in the U.S. on Hub Network. This investment
in programming created
more than $400 million
in television-backed revenues for Hasbro brands during 2013 including MY LITTLE PONY, TRANSFORMERS and LITTLEST PET SHOP.
We also invested in and expanded our digital engagement with consumers globally. In 2013, 85 million consumers visited a Hasbro digital experience, whether it was a mobile app, one of our branded sites or on our social media pages. Today, we engage more consumers on their terms, where, when and how they want, and we are doing so more efficiently and effectively than ever.
An essential component of this digital engagement
is the continued expansion of digital gaming. In 2013, we strengthened our digital gaming presence through several new and renewed partnerships across gaming platforms.
Also, we added new resources and talent to Hasbro with the addition of Boulder, CO based Backflip Studios to our gaming portfolio via our majority investment in the studio in July 2013. The Backflip team is focused
in three areas: driving its already successful brands
like Dragonvale; launching new game brands such as Dwarven Den and several others; and launching games based on Hasbro brands that connect across digital and
analog play.
The result of our investments
around the brand blueprint is evident in the brands we are most focused on, Hasbro’s Franchise Brands. We
are executing these brands across the blueprint and across consumer groups by creating compelling, immersive play
experiences globally.
revolution in Hasbro: Innovation, Story telling, Global execution Deliver
record Year for Girls
Over the past ten years, our creation of new brands and investment in re-imagining
existing brands grew Hasbro’s Girls category revenues from nearly $300 million to more
than $1 billion in 2013: a record level for Hasbro’s Girls portfolio and 26% revenue
growth in 2013 versus 2012.
annual 2013report

Behind a successful global entertainment, licensing and retail strategy which re-launched MY LITTLE PONY
in 2010, MY LITTLE PONY has grown to represent approximately $650 million at retail across the brand blueprint. In 2013, we grew both the core MY LITTLE PONY products as well as successfully launched MY LITTLE PONY EQUESTRIA GIRLS. According to NPD, for the week of Christmas, December 22 to 28, 2013, Hasbro’s MY LITTLE PONY EQUESTRIA GIRLS was the #1 selling
NERF REBELLE was the #1 new brand in the Sports Activities & Game category for 2013
Fashion Themed Doll in the United States, taking the top spot from veteran players in this toy category.2
The combination of strong consumer insights, global digital content and engaging storytelling, innovative products and comprehensive retail execution, enabled MY LITTLE PONY to post three years of revenue growth, expand its geographic and demographic reach and be well positioned entering 2014.
We also expanded another Franchise Brand, NERF, into the Girls space in 2013 with the launch of NERF REBELLE. The introduction of NERF REBELLE offered an entirely new play pattern for girls around the world. According to NPD, across five markets, NERF REBELLE was the #1 new brand in the Sports Activities & Game category for 2013.3 Importantly, our core NERF business grew overall and in both the U.S. and Canada segment as well as internationally excluding NERF REBELLE.
Additionally, in its second year since re-launch, FURBY continued to contribute to the Girls category year-over-year gains. FURBY launched in non-English speaking markets in 2013, and had a very strong performance internationally with more than 70% of revenues emanating from outside the U.S. and Canada segment. In its second year, FURBY was the #1 toy in the top five European markets according to NPD.4
Leveraging the success of our global television content, LITTLEST PET SHOP, is poised for re-launch in 2014 with new product and an integrated entertainment, social media and digital campaign adding to the robust global Girls portfolio of Hasbro brands.
Additionally, our Preschool category grew revenues in 2013 with growth in our Franchise Brands PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS RESCUE BOTS as well as growth in SESAME STREET, highlighted by BIG HUGS ELMO. It’s worth noting that 2013 was the largest revenue year for PLAY-DOH in the brand’s 60 year history and we are excited about the new innovation in the brand for 2014.
Gaming turnaround Continues
In 2013, our Games category grew 10%, marking two consecutive years of increases. In 2011, we made the decision to dramatically change our approach to gaming, and to invest more heavily in fewer initiatives. We are now
    annual 2013report

 seeing the positive results of this decision. We have the capability and are committed to providing the growing population of global game players the opportunity to play our tremendous Hasbro game brands and new brands across every gaming format, anytime and anywhere.
Elspeth, Sun’s Champion
Planeswalker — Elspeth
Oo4OoWOoW
the TRANSFORMERS franchise, Transformers: Age of Extinction, is scheduled for release in June and will feature all new characters and storylines.
In addition to our Franchise Brands we are partnering with some of the very best developers of intellectual property in the world, including Disney, Marvel, Lucasfilm, Rovio and Sesame Street, to bring their characters and their brands to life with innovative toys and games for children and families globally. All of our partners have robust plans in place for new entertainment over the next several years and we’re working in close partnership with them to realize the full potential of these great entertainment-based properties.
This year, Marvel Studios is releasing two new feature films, including Captain America: The Winter Soldier and an all-new franchise in the making, Guardians of the Galaxy. Sony Pictures is releasing The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Finally, Lucasfilm is unveiling all new Star Wars Rebels television programming late in 2014.
2014 is just the first year of an unprecedented era of new boys entertainment which builds over the next several year period with major theatrical releases scheduled in 2014, 2015 and beyond.
tremendous people
We are so proud of the people who represent our company globally. Every day, they help us live up to our commitment to corporate social responsibility, which is driven by
our desire to play a part in building a joyful, safe and sustainable world for future generations. We established new sustainability goals for 2020, aiming to reduce waste to landfill, energy consumption, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and water use across our global operations.
Our 2020 goals build upon our successful 2012 reduction efforts, and are just a few of the ways in which we’re advancing environmental sustainability within Hasbro.
We also continued our philanthropic mission to help empower childhood around the globe. In 2013, Hasbro provided over $14 million in total philanthropic support, impacting more than three million children worldwide. Our employees volunteered more than 25,000 hours of their time and talents to benefit children in their communities through the Team Hasbro volunteer program.
MW02_THS 149143
Elspeth, Sun’s Champion
MAGIC: THE GATHERING
is the premiere trading card
game offering integrated
digital and analog play and in 2013 aP-gPlaneinswaplkeor sted st0r0o09n_MgTGTHS growth, contributing to the overall category performance. We continue to invest in MAGIC: THE GATHERING to grow this brand globally from both a digital and analog perspective.
At the core of our games business are the Hasbro games brands and new initiatives that constitute the majority of the category. These brand initiatives had
a number of successes in 2013, including growth in MONOPOLY and several of our Games Mega Brands such as ELEFUN & FRIENDS, JENGA and TWISTER. We also launched new initiatives including TELEPODS featuring Angry Birds and the introduction of our value gaming line.
Excluding both Games Franchise Brands, MAGIC: THE GATHERING and MONOPOLY, our Games category revenues grew in 2013—reflecting the strength of innovation within the category and the positive results of the investments we have made in Hasbro Gaming.
Multi-Year entertainment Slate
Our Boys category had difficult comparisons with 2012 and did not grow in 2013. Growth in NERF in the Boys category and in TRANSFORMERS during a non-movie year did not offset the declines in entertainment-backed properties during 2013.
Within the Boys category, we continue to develop innovative multi-tiered immersive experiences while also leveraging film and television entertainment. 2014 is the first of a robust multi-year entertainment slate for our Boys brands. The fourth feature film in
+1 : Put three 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens onto the battlefield.
-3 : Destroy all creatures with power 4 or greater.
-7 : You get an emblem with “Creatures you control get +2/+2 and have flying.”
Eric Deschamps 4
TM & © 2013 Wizards of the Coast 9/249
annual 2013report

                            On December 6, 2013, Hasbro’s volunteer spirit reached new levels when employees from 35 countries spread joy to children in need through our first
ever Global Day of Joy. Employees volunteered with more than 100 charitable organizations worldwide, many of which Hasbro works closely with during the year through its philanthropic programs.
We are honored by the recognition we receive for our programs, including being named on Ethisphere’s 2014 World’s Most Ethical Companies® list; ranking #7 on Corporate Responsibility Magazine’s 2013 “100 Best Corporate Citizens” list; ranking #2 in the Consumer Discretionary Industry on Bloomberg News’ “The Civic 50” list; and again receiving an U.S. EPA’s “Climate Leadership Award” for Excellence in Greenhouse Gas Management (Goal Setting).
Most rewarding, however, is the impact our actions have on our consumers, our communities and the children’s lives we touch each and every year.
Creating a revolution in play
Hasbro is creating a branded play world with global brands, engaging storytelling, immersive
experiences and tremendous digital and analog innovation for consumers across all geographies. Through our focus on Franchise and Partner Brands, we are a stronger company today and in a position of financial strength to continue driving our brand innovation in 2014 and beyond.
Thank you for your continued support of our company as together we create a Revolution in Play.
Brian D. Goldner, President and Chief Executive Officer alfred J. Verrecchia, Chairman of the Board
                                                   1 Net earnings for the full-year 2013 were $286.2 million, or $2.17 per diluted share, versus $336.0 million, or $2.55 per diluted share, in 2012. 2013 net earnings include pre-tax charges of $36.7 million associated with restructuring, $7.0 million of related pension costs, $61.1 million associated with the settlement of an adverse arbitration award, $40.6 million of charges related to certain non-strategic brands as well as a $23.6 million favorable tax adjustment. 2013 operating profit margins as reported were 11.4%. Excluding these items, 2013 net earnings were $372.4 million, or $2.83 per diluted share and operating profit margins were 14.6%. Net earnings for the full- year 2012 were $336.0 million, or $2.55 per diluted share. 2012 operating profit margins as reported were 13.5%. Excluding pre-tax restructuring charges of $47.2 million, or $0.26 per diluted share, 2012 net earnings were $370.8 million, or $2.81 per diluted share and operating profit margins were 14.7%.
2 Source: The NPD Group | U.S. Retail Tracking Service
3 Source: The NPD Group | Retail Tracking Service, Annual 2013 (U.S., Germany, Spain, U.K., France)
4 Source: The NPD Group | Retail Tracking Service, Annual 2013 (U.K., Germany, Spain, France, Italy combined)
  annual 2013report
