 ANNUAL 2015 REPORT
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDER
Throughout 2015 Hasbro’s global teams delivered against our mission of “Creating the World’s Best Play Experiences.” Through our focus on building global brand franchises, we have redefined our company and built the capabilities to successfully execute our strategy.
Today, we have global teams not only developing innovative toys and games, but driving digital experiences, creating immersive
entertainment and executing our brands across consumer product categories.
In 2015, Hasbro’s record performance was the result of the
strength of our global teams and the power of our Brand Blueprint. Through
a focus on Hasbro Franchise Brands and strategic Partner Brands, consumer insight
led innovation and compelling storytelling, we are connecting with consumers more deeply and across more demographics than ever before. It has taken us ten years and significant investment to be in the position of successfully executing our strategy. We have begun to unlock the full economic value of our brands in our pursuit of “Creating the World’s Best Play Experiences.”
In 2015 our revenues increased 4% to $4.45 billion. Throughout the year foreign exchange presented a significant challenge and ultimately represented a negative $395 million impact to revenues. Absent foreign exchange, Hasbro revenues increased 13%.

 2 LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
Demand for Hasbro initiatives was strong globally last year. Revenues in the U.S. & Canada segment
grew 10%, the International Segment increased 16% absent foreign exchange (versus a 3% decline including the impact of currency) and the Entertainment and Licensing Segment was up 11%.
Our investments in emerging markets continued
to build our brands in these strategically important countries. In 2015 emerging market revenues grew
15% absent foreign exchange (versus a 9% decline including the impact of currency). Several of these countries experienced significant currency devaluation and economic challenges, but demand for our brands remained strong. We continued to gain share and
have positioned Hasbro for long-term success. We recently opened new offices in Dubai, South Africa and Thailand and we continued to build scale and expand our presence in high priority markets including Brazil, Russia and China.
The benefits of our strategy are not only delivering revenue gains, but also driving higher levels of profitability. Operating profit margins increased to 15.6% of revenues and Earnings per Share reached $3.57 per diluted share. As a result of the economic benefits of our strategy and our focus on improving operational efficiency, we believe these margins are sustainable in the near term. We are confident that our strategy will allow us to successfully grow operating profit margins in the years to come.
In addition, we generated $552 million in operating
cash flow, ending the year with close to $1 billion in cash on our balance sheet. In recognition of the strength of the year and our positive outlook, in February 2016, our Board raised the quarterly dividend 11% to $0.51 per share. This higher dividend reinforces our commitment to enhancing shareholder value over the long term.
We remain committed to our capital priorities. First, we are investing to profitably grow Hasbro
over the long term. Second, we are returning excess cash to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase program. In total, in 2015, we returned $311 million to shareholders bringing the ten year total from our dividend and share repurchase programs to $4.8 billion. Finally, our capital priorities reinforce our commitment to maintain our investment grade status.
IT ALL BEGINS WITH OUR BRAND BLUEPRINT
Hasbro’s Brand Blueprint informs and directs our brand efforts through the insights we uncover, the innovation we develop and the investments we are making. Through its execution, we have the framework to develop multi-year plans that leverage brands to their full potential. These capabilities are largely in place, but we will continue to selectively invest to maintain our leading position. We view the blueprint not as a destination, but as a point of departure from which we are building our brands and differentiating Hasbro from the competition.
The strategy works. 52% of our revenue came from our seven Franchise Brands last year. These are
Our Brand Blueprint
We view the blueprint not as a destination, but as a point of departure from which we are building our brands and differentiating Hasbro from the competition.
Digital Media
Toy & Game Product Innovation
Storytelling
HASBRO BRANDS
Consumer Insights
Immersive Entertainment Experiences
Strategic Retail Partnerships
Consumer Products
Global Markets
• Developed • Developing • Emerging

 our highest priority brands: LITTLEST PET SHOP, MAGIC: THE GATHERING, MONOPOLY, MY LITTLE PONY, NERF, PLAY-DOH and TRANSFORMERS. These brands are also the furthest developed in executing the Brand Blueprint.
In total for 2015, Franchise Brands’ revenue grew 7% absent foreign exchange, growing despite a significant decline in TRANSFORMERS following the 2014 movie year. NERF was our largest brand across the Company, posting 13% revenue growth for the year (22% absent foreign exchange). PLAY-DOH had another record
year with revenue growth of 32% (47% absent foreign exchange).
MAGIC: THE GATHERING delivered its seventh consecutive year of revenue growth. Combined with growth in MONOPOLY, and our top selling new game PIE FACE, Hasbro’s Games category revenues grew, increasing 8% absent foreign exchange. According to NPD, in 2015, Hasbro had nine of the top ten selling games in the U.S.
The investments we made over the past several years have successfully repositioned our gaming efforts with how consumers want to play today. Gaming capitalizes on the multi-generational appeal of our brands and in 2015 we saw families and gamers of all ages coming back to gaming.
EXPANDING OUR SHARE OF LIFE
From award winning, innovative toys & games, to a broadening array of consumer products, to digital gaming across all major platforms, to a wide range of entertainment experiences, Hasbro’s brands are connecting with more consumers, across more demographics, more deeply and in more ways than ever before.
We accomplish this by broadening the audience for our brands. For example, in 2015 we introduced an entirely new innovative segment for older NERF consumers, called NERF RIVAL and expanded MY LITTLE PONY to the preschool segment with MY LITTLE PONY FRIENDS by PLAYSKOOL.
We are also effectively expanding demographics through brand activation beyond toys and games. This includes comprehensive consumer products across
apparel, accessories, hard goods, consumables, and publishing; to digital gaming and a wide range of entertainment experiences, from movies and TV shows, to digital shorts, theme park rides, and live events.
We’ve significantly increased the “Share of Life” that our brands occupy in our consumers’ lives. We plan to continue to increase this by delivering products, content, experiences and digital interactions that actively engage our fans with our brands, and offer them more ways to enjoy our brands throughout their day.
EXPANDING BEYOND TOYS & GAMES
Our focus on the strategic execution of our Brand Blueprint to expand the “Share of Life” drove the fifth straight year of revenue growth in the Entertainment and Licensing segment. Over the past five years, revenues in the segment have grown at a 12% compound annual growth rate. Over the same time period, the segment has grown from 4% of revenues to 6% at an average operating profit margin of 28%.
We continue to hone our skills to execute against this opportunity. We are investing in these teams, geographically and in cross-category disciplines. Hasbro’s consumer products presence outside the toy and game aisle is growing and now represents more than $2 billion at retail.
Last year I outlined for you the 2010 relaunch of MY LITTLE PONY through television programming and how we are successfully building this brand by executing around the Brand Blueprint. In 2015, MY LITTLE PONY was our top licensed brand. Through the development of characters and stories, MY LITTLE PONY is integrated into our fans’ everyday lives. It is bedroom décor, comic books, a television program and a live
LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN 3

 4 LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
action show. In 2017, ALLSPARK PICTURES, Hasbro’s film label, in partnership with Lionsgate, is scheduled
to bring MY LITTLE PONY to the big screen in our first animated feature film. A billion dollar brand at retail, we continue to build our consumer base through innovation and great storytelling.
TELLING GREAT STORIES
Storytelling has evolved beyond creating a television show or a major theatrical film. Today, storytelling is creating personal connections which drive fans to embrace not only the stories but the world created in support of the stories.
We identified the connection between stories and consumers a number of years ago and began building the skills and orientation we would require to effectively meet this need.
In 2009 we formed Hasbro Studios to develop television programming based on our brands. Since its
foundation, the studio has created more than 1,500 half hours of television programming which air in more than 180 territories globally. In total our
programming investment has delivered $1.6 billion in television-backed merchandise revenues.
In 2014, we established ALLSPARK PICTURES which allows us to take broader control of our film strategy. We have the ability to develop scripts, shepherd those scripts into film production, and importantly, tell one
contiguous story
across a brand. We
have greater control
than ever over the
timing of our films,
allowing us to work with our retail partners on long lead planning to support our feature film slate. We continue to work with the top studios for distribution of our ALLSPARK films and for the development of larger budget films such as TRANSFORMERS 5 slated for release in June 2017. We are now better positioned to work with these partners on the marketing and
distribution of our films.
By fostering and inculcating a storytelling
culture within Hasbro, we are creating story-led brands that create deep and unique connections with our consumers.
LEVERAGING STORIES ACROSS THE PORTFOLIO
Great stories were a significant driver in 2015,
for both Hasbro brands and our Partner Brands. STAR WARS, MARVEL and JURASSIC WORLD were significant contributors to our revenue growth for the year. Each told a fun and engaging
story with global reach and broad
demographic appeal.
Consumers around the world embraced STAR WARS: THE FORCE AWAKENS from the time it hit shelves on September 4th, to when it debuted in theatres on December 18th and into 2016. With amazing characters and untold stories, STAR WARS’ multi-
year film slate will continue with the December 2016 release of ROGUE ONE: A STAR WARS STORY.
MARVEL’S robust entertainment slate featured MARVEL’S AVENGERS: AGE OF ULTRON, which helped drive growth in our Marvel revenue in 2015 ending the year just behind Star Wars. In 2016, MARVEL’S CAPTAIN AMERICA: CIVIL WAR is hitting theaters.
Finally, JURASSIC WORLD returned, with amazing new dinosaurs and stories, which exceeded our expectations.
Each of these properties contributed to the strong growth in Partner Brands, which in total equaled 28% of Hasbro revenues for the year. Hasbro is uniquely positioned to support not only the toy and game development for the industry’s leading properties, but also to assist in furthering the brand aspirations and stories.
In 2016, Hasbro’s DISNEY PRINCESS and DISNEY’S FROZEN fashion doll and small doll lines hit shelves around the world. Through our Modern Princess foundational research, we were inspired to deliver all new experiences and expressions to our

 consumers, celebrating extraordinary Princess moments through play. We are so excited to bring the characters and stories of these franchises through all new play experiences. It is a significant opportunity with amazing, iconic brands.
CREATING THE WORLD’S BEST COMPANY
Our mission of “Creating the World’s Best Play Experiences,” is supported by our purpose to make the world a better place for children and their families. Our behaviors and actions are how Hasbro can truly standout today and into the future. Supported by
our guiding principles, a commitment to our people, the global execution of our Brand Blueprint and our values, Hasbro is connecting with more people in more ways than ever before.
Our task of being the “World’s Best” is built on a strong corporate social responsibility (CSR) mindset which is powered by our belief
that every day is a chance to
be better. Joy, creativity, and
problem solving – the things
we love most about play –
inspire us to make a positive
and enduring difference
in the world. Thinking and
acting responsibly guides
us toward smarter ways of
doing business. It unlocks new
opportunities to improve how
we design, create, manufacture
and market our iconic brands.
Our deep commitment to
CSR reflects our desire to help
build a safer, more sustainable
world for future generations.
Product safety continues
to be a top priority, and we
maintained a strong product safety record in 2015. We continue to take ambitious steps to reduce our environmental footprint. In 2015 we achieved our goal of deriving 90 percent of paper and paperboard packaging from recycled materials, or from sources that practice sustainable forest management. We
encourage our suppliers to operate responsibly and adopt best practices, respecting human rights and empowering children through our global giving programs.
In 2015, Hasbro provided more than $14 million
in total philanthropic support, impacting more
than three million children worldwide. Our third annual Global Day of Joy took place on December
15, 2015, and Team Hasbro employees in 40
countries volunteered with more than 100 charitable organizations to make a difference to 90,000 children across the globe through the power of volunteerism. This past summer Hasbro and generationOn, the youth division of Points of Light, sponsored a global campaign to encourage kids to volunteer in their school, neighborhood, or broader community in advance of the globally recognized International Day of Friendship. The campaign used the core cast of
characters from the iconic MY LITTLE PONY brand to teach children about helping others and the power of friendship, messages which are core to the brand.
As a result of these efforts and many others, we were recently named a World’s Most Ethical Company by the Ethisphere Institute for the fifth consecutive year; one of Corporate Responsibility Magazine’s 100 Best Corporate Citizens for the fourth straight year; we remain one of America’s most community-minded companies in The Civic50, an initiative of Points of Light, in partnership
with Bloomberg LP; and for the first time Hasbro was named as one of America’s most reputable companies on the U.S. RepTrak 100 List.
Further guiding our principles is the leadership of our company. As chairman of Hasbro’s Board
of Directors, I work with an incredible group of experienced executives who bring diverse thinking and backgrounds to the table.
LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN 5

 6 LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
The toy industry had a
very good 2015 and is projected to grow. The top 13 markets grew
last year, adding in our estimation approximately $3 billion of aggregate market growth. Russia, Mexico and Poland grew double digits, and several developed economies, including Germany, the U.S. and U.K. posted strong growth as well.
Looking ahead, Euromonitor International is projecting the global market to grow 10% from 2015 to 2019. This represents growth in each region, the U.S. and Canada; Europe & Africa; Asia Pacific; and Latin America, with the strongest forecasted growth in emerging markets.
In addition, industry data continues
to illustrate how entertainment backed properties fuel greater than industry growth rates. Over the past two years, according to NPD*, entertainment backed brands grew 10%, two times the rate of the total market. For Hasbro, our investment in storytelling and immersive entertainment is directly correlated to capitalizing on this trend to build global brand franchises.
*Source: NPD POS Data. 80% market coverage (U.S.); Entertainment: TV/DVD/Digital, movie, Video Digital Games
In 2015, Basil Anderson was named to the newly created role of Lead Independent Director. This role was created to replace the role of Presiding Director with enhanced duties and responsibilities. Basil brings more than 30 years of business experience as both a Board member and corporate executive and has been a tremendous partner on Hasbro’s Board.
In addition, the Board recently appointed Sir Crispin Davis as an independent director to our Board of Directors. He is the former chief executive officer of Reed Elsevier, Plc. (now RELX Group), a leading publisher and provider of information solutions. Crispin’s skillset and experience will be a valuable asset to Hasbro’s Board.
Total Market Size
US$B, 2015F
U.S. & Canada Europe & Africa Asia Pacific Latin America
Source: Euromonitor
A Growing Industry: Annual 2015 vs. 2014 Russia
Mexico Poland Brazil
Germany Canada Spain U.S. U.K. Italy Belgium France Australia
13% 10%
8% 8% 8%
7%
7% 6%
6% 4%
$8.6 $22.5
$24.0 $32.0
3% Source: The NPD Group/Retail Tracking Service (U.S., Canada, U.K., France,
3% Germany, Italy, Spain, Poland, Australia, Russia, Mexico, Belgium); SIM Brazil
MOVING FORWARD
I strongly believe that there are no ceilings in our business, only floors that represent a springboard toward fully achieving Hasbro’s potential. With the support of you, our shareholders, and the talented individuals who represent Hasbro around the world, we have tremendous confidence in our ability to not only grow Hasbro but to successfully transform Hasbro into the global brand organization we aspire to be.
Brian D. Goldner, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
26%
