To Our Investors:
hanesbrands is at an exciting inflection point. Our company has emerged from the recession of 2009 with significant momentum, and we are ready to bring to bear the full power of the new growth platform we have steadily built over the past three years.
We have remade our company through focused investment, diligent change management, and a carefully crafted set of sell more, spend less and generate cash strategies. Our mission is simple: To be the largest apparel essentials company in the world by leveraging the three planks of our growth platform: using our big brands to drive sales growth domestically and internationally; using our low-cost global supply chain to drive margin improvement; and using our strong cash flow for further earnings growth.

Growth Platform The first plank of our growth platform is the size and power of our brands. We have made
significant investment in our consumer insights capability, innovative product development, and marketing. We have very large U.S. share positions, with the No. 1 share in all of our innerwear categories and strong positions in outerwear categories, but we have ample opportunities to further build share. Internationally, our commercial markets include Mexico, Canada, Japan, India, Brazil and China where a substantial amount of gross domestic product growth outside the United States will be concentrated over the next decade. The growth platform's second plank is the unique, low-cost global supply chain that we have built. No other company in the world has a supply chain as geographically balanced and as low cost across the entire apparel essentials category. The scale and position of our supply chain is designed for the global market, not just the United States. Our supply chain has generated significant cost savings, margin expansion and contributions to cash flow and will continue to do so as we further optimize our size, scale and production capability. Our third growth plank is our ability to consistently generate strong cash flow. Over the past four years, we used $1.3 billion to invest in our business and significantly delever our balance sheet. We have the potential to increase cash flow, and we have a new flexible long-term capital structure that allows us to use cash in executing multiple strategies for earnings growth, including debt reduction and selective tactical acquisitions.

Long-Term Goals This is a very exciting time for Hanesbrands. As we leverage our growth platform, our long-term growth targets are 2 percent to 4 percent for net sales and 10 percent to 20 percent for EPS.
Because of the collective efforts in our company to reshape our business, manage change and confront the recession, we have a very bright future. We are now poised like never before to drive growth, build market share and change the profile of our company.

Richard A. Noll, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2, 2010

