To our investors:

We are very proud of our results and accomplishments in 2007. Eighteen months ago, we spun off as an independent public company with a core set of strategies and a lot of potential for improvement. Today, we are delivering results based on a sharp focus on the strategies we laid out to build our brands, reduce our costs and generate cash. Sell more, spend less and generate cash has become our mantra. 1. sell more: We drive profitable growth by consistently offering consumers the brands they love and trust and products with unsurpassed value. 2. spend less: We are integrating our organization to leverage its size and global reach to reduce costs, improve flexibility and provide a high level of service. 3. Generate cash: We are effectively generating and investing cash to provide superior returns for both our equity and debt investors. Our growth model is straightforward. Our generation of strong, consistent cash flow combined with cost-reduction efforts and modest sales growth yields significant opportunity to increase non-gaap diluted eps.

+ $

long-term growth goals
REVENUES  OPERATING PROFIT* EARNINGS PER SHARE* 1 TO 3% ANNUALLY, EXCLUDING ACQUISITIONS 6 TO 8% ANNUALLY ANNUAL DOUBLE-DIGIT GROWTH

*Operating profit and earnings per share excluding one-time actions and restructuring, which are not generally accepted accounting principle measures

Cover pages of this document are printed on Forest Stewardship Council certified Mohawk Paper Mills Options 100 percent postconsumer recycled paper stock. The papers were manufactured entirely with wind-generated electricity and are acid free. The 10-K financial section of this document is printed on Sustainable Forestry Initiative certified Fraser Paper manufactured using 10 percent postconsumer waste. Typesetting the 10-K financial section reduced page count by 30 percent.

Successful first year

In 2007, our first full year as an independent public company, we did what we said we would do to deliver strong results. We sold more ­ sales were up 1.6 percent ­ reversing years of sales declines. We grew in each quarter of the year, achieved growth for three of our four largest brands ­ Hanes, Champion and Bali ­ and increased sales to our three largest customers. We spent less, increasing our non-gaap operating margin by 20 basis points. We achieved this by exceeding our goal of offsetting increased standalone costs and investment in our strategic initiatives with savings from continued consolidation and supply-chain globalization. And we generated cash, increasing our cash flow nearly 30 percent to $359 million and utilizing that cash to pay down debt and create value for investors. From spinoff through the end of 2007, we had paid down $285 million in longterm debt, made voluntary pension plan contributions of $96 million (making our qualified pension plans 97 percent funded), and repurchased $44 million in stock. As a result, we have lowered our adjusted debt to ebitdar ratio to 4.6 from 5.2 times.(1)

2008 AND BEYOND

We are seeking to build on the momentum we achieved in 2007. We have major marketing programs under way in core categories with our largest and strongest brands. We continue to consolidate our organization and develop a global supply chain in lower-cost countries. To complement our offshore sewing operations, we have opened textile plants in Central America and the Caribbean and have an additional plant under construction in China. Due to the replenishment nature of our core categories, including underwear, socks and intimate apparel, we have strong and consistent cash flow. Our first priority is to invest in our business. With our excess cash flow, we are paying down debt and repurchasing shares. Our leverage goal is 4.0 times adjusted debt to ebitdar, with a range of 3.5 to less than 5.0.

our goal is to Deliver value

We are focused on continuing to execute our strategies as we strive to achieve our long-term growth goals for sales, operating profit and eps in 2008. Our goals for the next three to five years are to achieve 1 percent to 3 percent annual sales growth, 6 percent to 8 percent annual operating profit growth and double-digit annual growth for diluted eps. This is a very exciting time for Hanesbrands. We have momentum and many initiatives under way, and we have nearly 50,000 employees focused on executing these initiatives. Our ability to execute and to deliver results will ultimately be the best measure of our success. We have clear objectives and closely aligned incentives, and we are well-positioned to reach our goals and create value for our investors.

Lee A. Chaden Chairman February 29, 2008

Richard A. Noll Chief Executive Officer

(1)Adjusted debt and EBITDAR are non-GAAP measures. Adjusted debt includes operating leases and underfunded pension liabilities. EBITDAR is earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation, amortization and rent.

