To our investors:

In the midst of one of the worst recessions we have seen in decades, I am pleased with the accomplishments we achieved in 2008, thankful for the resiliency of our business model and strategies, and confident in the priorities we have set for 2009. Our goal is to emerge from this economic downturn with momentum and as an even stronger company.
We have been successfully executing against the same set of Sell More, Spend Less and Generate Cash strategies for the past three years. That consistency is paying off. Our progress has been evident during the period since our spinoff as an independent company in 2006. We invested in media at the second-highest level in the company's history, gaining share in our key innerwear segment. We moved all remaining knit textile production offshore ahead of schedule, and made significant progress in building our supply chain in Asia. We paid down $139 million of debt in 2008, and we have paid down more than $420 million of debt since the spinoff.

strong strategies Under our Sell More
strategy, Hanesbrands has major brand-building initiatives under way in core categories with its strongest and largest brands, including Hanes, Champion, Playtex and Bali. We are using our brands, the investments we make in our brands and the essential nature of our basic apparel products to advance strategic partnerships with key retailers. With our Spend Less strategy, we are ahead of schedule in realigning our global supply chain into lower-cost countries, consolidating and streamlining our organization and distribution network, and leveraging the collective size and power of our purchasing organization. We have been using our Generate Cash strategy to reduce our debt leverage by using free cash flow to prepay debt, and we will continue to do so over the next 12 to 24 months. In this economic climate, we intend to stay sharply focused on conservatively managing inventory and costs, actively managing our capital structure, generating cash to pay down debt, and maximizing the power of our brands and global supply chain.

2009 and long-term goals Our single
biggest challenge in 2009 is the economic recession and its impact on our top line. While it is highly unlikely in this environment that we will achieve our long-term financial growth goals in 2009, these goals remain appropriate for our company: to expand operating profit excluding actions and earnings per share excluding actions at a faster rate than sales. Our priorities for operating through the economic downturn are: 1) to maintain liquidity and reduce debt, 2) to gain market share to mitigate revenue declines, 3) to continue to improve our cost competitiveness, and 4) to maintain reasonable levels of profit and cash flow. We have opportunities to mitigate the impact of the recession, including a recently implemented price increase, cost reductions, and favorable commodity costs in the second half. Our strategies are sound and strong, and we are executing well. People are still wearing underwear, socks, bras, T-shirts and activewear as often as before and will need to replenish. Our cash flow should be adequate to support our debt and to provide ample cushion to weather the storm. At some point, the recession will end. Our sound business model and our consistent execution against our strategies will allow us to emerge as a stronger company.

2008 accomplishments We had many achievements in 2008, a year in which we faced rising commodity costs and an unprecedented collapse in the consumer retail sales environment. We successfully controlled year-end inventories, paid down debt, reduced costs, executed our supply chain strategy ahead of schedule, and announced a price increase. In the end, we delivered diluted EPS excluding actions growth of more than 25 percent despite a 5 percent sales decline.*

*Diluted EPS excluding actions is a non-GAAP measure used to better assess underlying business performance because it excludes the effect of unusual actions that are not directly related to operations, which was $2.09 for 2008 compared to GAAP diluted EPS of $1.34. The unusual actions in 2008 were restructuring and related charges and the tax effect on these items.

Richard A. Noll Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 5, 2009

