To Our Valued Shareholders:
2015 was a record earnings year for HCA. The Company's proven operational strategies and focus on clinical excellence delivered another successful performance in the hospital sector, but HCA is much more than a hospital company. It is a fully integrated provider system that stretches across 42 markets in the U.S. and the U.K., giving unique insights through an expansive view of the health care landscape. Every day, over 230,000 HCA employees engage in work that is mission-critical for our patients, not only at the bedside, but everywhere within the organization. Through this integrated system, we continuously measure safety and patient experience to improve care. We use understanding and knowledge gained from over 20 million annual patient encounters to personalize care, outperform others in key clinical performance measures and reinforce continuous improvement, all while leveraging our size, scale and experience to deliver positive results. There are multiple strategies that contribute to our consistent nancial performance, but our investments in health care facilities in large, fast-growing urban markets across a vast geography, which results in a strong, diversi ed asset portfolio, has long been the cornerstone of our successful topline growth. No market comprised more than seven percent of revenues or 10 percent of Adjusted EBITDA in 2015. We are also diversi ed in our service lines, with no one area representing more than 13 percent of the Company's 2015 revenues. Our capital spending re ects the diversity of our assets and focuses on capacity and program development that increase the availability and complexity of service o erings in our facilities, in areas such as trauma, cardiac care and the neurosciences. We continue to enhance market access points for these services through the development of freestanding emergency rooms and the acquisition and development of additional urgent care centers in our markets. At year-end, we had 55 freestanding emergency rooms and 66 urgent care centers. We expect this growth to continue throughout 2016. The success of these e orts is re ected in our results. We have reported same facility admissions and equivalent admissions growth for eight consecutive years, same facility emergency room growth for nine consecutive years and same facility surgical growth for seven consecutive quarters. In 2015, we experienced strong volume growth, improved payor and service mix, and e ective cost management. Revenues increased 7.5 percent, Adjusted EBITDA increased 6.5 percent and earnings per diluted share increased 20.0 percent when compared to the prior year. The consistent and successful execution of our growth strategy has resulted in consistent growth in our earnings and continued strong cash ows. Since our IPO in March 2011, we have maintained a well-balanced approach to capital allocation. For example, since the IPO, through 2015, we have generated $20.1 billion of cash ows from operating activities. Over the same period, we invested $9.7 billion in our markets through capital expenditures (48 percent of cash generated) and returned cash to shareholders, either in the form of special dividends or through share repurchase, in the amount of $9.3 billion (46 percent of cash generated). In 2015, the Company generated $4.7 billion of cash ows from operating activities, an increase of 6.4 percent over the prior year. We continued a balanced approach of capital allocation by investing approximately $2.4 billion in capital spending and approximately $2.4 billion in share repurchases. In 2015, we repurchased approximately 32 million shares of our stock, and we had approximately $2.6 billion remaining under our existing $3 billion share repurchase authorization at year-end. We believe the delivery of high quality care and a positive patient experience are essential to sustaining our nancial strength. During 2015, more than three-quarters (78 percent) of HCA's licensed a liated U.S. hospitals reporting core measure performance data for 2014 were named to The Joint Commission's (TJC) "Top Performers" on Key Quality Measures list, compared to less than one-third of all TJC-accredited hospitals reporting core measure performance data for 2014. Of the HCA hospitals

Admissions

1.9M 1.4M

3.8% 7.1%
Delivering Strong Topline Growth

ER Visits

8.1M

Surgeries

2.5% 7.2%

$39.7B
Revenue

"We believe the delivery of high quality care and a positive patient experience are essential to sustaining our financial strength."
R. Milton Johnson, Chairman and CEO

Numbers re ect 2015 results ­ percentages are 5-year CAGR 2010-2015

recognized, 43 have been Top Performers all ve years of the program's existence. Additionally, in October 2015, 68 percent of HCA facilities received a grade of "A" on The Leapfrog Group Hospital Safety Scorecard, compared with 28 percent of non-HCA providers. Our commitment to excellence begins with caregivers, and HCA's Five Year Plan for Nursing Excellence is an investment in professional development to ensure patient care is based on the latest and best knowledge. This year, more than 1,000 nurses obtained nursing specialty certi cation in our inaugural Excellence in Medical-Surgical Nursing program. Nearly 500 Med-Surg units participated in the program and were evaluated on their performance in leadership, professional practice, operations and outcomes. The top ve percent of all Med-Surg units received a 2015 HCA Unit of Distinction Award and a $25,000 educational grant. HCA's unrelenting commitment to consistent, positive outcomes depends on the e ective engagement of physicians and other clinical teams in the detection and reduction of unintended clinical variation and optimal use of technology. Through the Clinical Excellence program, we continue to drive performance in publicly reported measures; improve sepsis, cardiac, ICU and other service line care; and develop supply chain best practices. These strategies have helped to reduce complications for patients and improved their overall care experience. During 2015, we also made demonstrable progress in using big data from our own clinical data warehouse to improve each patient's care and enhance the clinician experience. This data provides real-time information and evidence-based guidance, enabling better decisionmaking and support at the point of care. HCA is embracing and deploying technologies that support linkages among patients, caregivers and medical knowledge. Technologyenabling assets such as PatientKeeper, InVivoLink and iMobile are transforming our ability to provide patientcentered care that is well coordinated across the care

continuum. Our vast clinical data, combined with our ability to conduct pragmatic clinical research to solve current and future health delivery challenges, will, we believe, allow HCA to contribute to the evolution of health care in a substantial way. In 2016, we will continue to leverage clinical technology, especially in concepts of big data, data analytics and clinical informatics, to deliver safe, high-quality and patient-focused care. We also will continue to focus on programmatic development of our service line strategies directed at expanding our clinical depth and capabilities. We remain committed to continuous improvement in quality of care and service as we strategically position the Company to deliver value for all our stakeholders. One of our founders, Dr. Thomas F. Frist, Sr., was fond of saying, "Focus on the patient, and the business will follow." We are fortunate to have a deep bench of experienced leaders who embrace that philosophy. Their commitment allows us to pursue our vision of health care as it was intended, with patients at the center of the care model. As we continue to invest in clinical technologies and best practices that improve quality of care, expand access points, increase the complexities and capabilities of our service o erings and partner with our physicians and other clinicians to improve our patients' experiences, we believe the Company is well-positioned for continued success. I am proud of our accomplishments in 2015 and look forward to our future opportunities. Sincerely,

R. Milton Johnson Chairman and Chief Executive O cer

Positive Industry Outlook
U.S. health spending projected to grow 5.8% annually from 2014-2024
HCA markets compare favorably to U.S. average in population growth, health care demand, GDP growth and unemployment rates.

Stable commercial pricing environment
The Company is contracted for 85% of its commercial revenue in 2016, over 50% for 2017, and approximately 20% for 2018 at terms and pricing consistent with the past few years.

No signi cant change in competitive dynamics
The competitive landscape is mostly unchanged with complementary "in-market" acquisitions available, especially in the outpatient area.

