                                         > To our stockholders, customers and associates
“we have an infinite capacity to grow
It is an honor and a privilege to write this letter for the first time as President and CEO of The Home Depot. I come to this Company with respect for its past, a deep appreci- ation of its powerful culture and tremendous enthusiasm for the great opportunities that are in front of us. I am eager to expand upon our history of unparalleled growth, enviable trust and brand recognition built on outstanding customer service, broad mer- chandise assortments and the lowest prices in the industry.
In deciding to join The Home Depot, I looked at this business as would any investor. By every standard I could find, I joined a runaway winner. Now that I am here and have met every Home Depot store manager, I am more convinced of that than ever.
This is a company with a proud heritage, powerful track record, strong balance sheet and unmatched resources. First and foremost, our associates are central to our finan- cial success and our longstanding relationships with our customers. They operate in a boundary-less environment, where excitement and new ideas are part of the fabric of our Company. They are backed by terrific support from Home Depot’s vendors and ser- vice partners and the strongest balance sheet in retailing.
Our long-term stockholders also appreciate the strength of this Company’s culture, which encourages entrepreneurship, fosters new ideas and adaptation and relishes com- petition. These are familiar characteristics of great companies where I’ve had the opportunity to develop and hone my skills over the past 30 years. At Home Depot, the foundation is in place and we have an infinite capacity to continue to grow. What remains is executing on our potential after a relatively difficult year in fiscal 2000.
Results, Achievements, Milestones For the fiscal year, Home Depot posted record earn- ings and solid sales gains. At some companies, that might be enough. A slowing economy in the second half of the year pressured sales and margins, resulting in performance that was inconsistent with historic standards and below our expectations. Twice within the past decade this Company has rebounded strongly from slower economic conditions, emerging as a stronger and more formidable competitor. We are committed to doing it again.
Summarizing the fiscal year:
• Sales totaled $45.7 billion, a 19% increase for the year.
• We opened 204 new stores, ending the year with 1,134 stores.
• Net earnings reached $2.6 billion, an 11% increase for the year.
•Fiscal 2000 diluted earnings per share were $1.10, compared to $1.00 per share
in the previous year.
 robert l. nardelli, President and chief executive officer
<

                                          and improve upon everything we do.”
In addition, The Home Depot reached a number of milestones during the year. Among them:
• We continued to move up on Fortune’s Most Admired Companies list, climbing to sixth from ninth the previous
year and being named the most admired specialty retailer for the eighth consecutive year.
•We ranked first in social responsibility in the most recent Harris Interactive survey.
•We opened our 1,000th store in July with a celebration that ran all the way to Wall Street, where we
decorated the New York Stock Exchange with the world’s largest orange apron and several hundred Home Depot associates built gazebos to benefit local parks.
While fiscal 2000 was a challenging year financially, a broad range of opportunities remains to build on the suc- cess of the past two decades at The Home Depot during fiscal 2001 and beyond.
Looking ahead, a growth business We continue to be a great growth business, with plans to more than double our sales over the next few years. The approach is straightforward: our growth will be driven by new stores, com- parable sales increases in existing stores and through adjacent businesses. Our growth will be both productive and profitable.
In every market in which we operate, The Home Depot has the ability to increase its presence. Our growth will not focus simply on the number of stores opened, but on the quality of stores opened. In fiscal 2001, we will open about 200 stores, continuing a pace of rapid expansion, but we will also open stores earlier in the year, with “neighborhood friendly” merchandise, lower investments and associates who are fully trained and ready to serve new customers. We expect this to give us a greater sales benefit in the first year of new store operations.
In addition, we will continue to be innovative and more productive in existing stores. After meeting with every store manager and thousands of other associates, I am convinced we have the ingenuity and talent to grow sales and implement best practices from existing stores across the enterprise. This has led us to accelerate the roll- out of professional customer programs in fiscal 2001, focusing resources on the fastest growing customer segment in our business. In addition, our Service Performance Improvement program, or SPI, will be in every Home Depot store by the end of fiscal 2001. Tested during fiscal 2000, SPI shifts most of the handling of inven- tory to hours after the store is closed. As a result, the store is easier for our customers to shop, products are more readily available and our associates can focus all of their time on serving customers. SPI improves sales productivity and customer satisfaction.
Innovative programs to improve store performance are key elements of our growth plans, but a heightened emphasis on merchandising and store execution is equally critical. New product lines, sharper assortments to enhance the vitality of our inventory, and a dedication to improving inventory velocity are central to these efforts. For example, Home Depot’s introduction of major appliances in fiscal 2000 added substantial sales and profits, while offering our customers a complete kitchen or laundry project package. With incremental support from product line expansion, advertising and training, we expect to double this business during the coming year.
 02 03
 
                                          “this is a company with great opportunities to continue to gain market share.”
We have the most recognizable brand in home improvement, which gives us the power to extend our Home Depot success into formats that are complementary to our core business. We grew our EXPO Design Center concept from 15 to 26 stores during fiscal 2000 and anticipate continued strong expansion in 2001. We are also testing new store concepts such as Villager’s Hardware, with four stores in New Jersey, and a Home Depot Floor Store in Plano, Texas, which we launched in mid-year to such success that we had to slow advertising to keep up with customer response.
Five Business Imperatives for Fiscal 2001 All of our future plans are supported by five key business imperatives: customer service and loyalty; innovation and entrepreneurship; merchandising and advertising excellence; oper- ational efficiency and competitive leadership; and talent and leadership development.
All of these imperatives are important, but the last is both critical and too frequently overlooked in the corporate world. As we grow, the unique Home Depot culture and values must be passed on to an increasing number of diverse orange-aproned associates. Therefore, we are committed to enhancing training throughout the organi- zation and developing more focused accountability in clearly defined business units. Sharing ideas through elec- tronic communication will be important to this process. Our structure, the processes we are putting in place and our people all support our strategy. Coupled with these imperatives, we have the roadmap for success.
Despite a slower economic environment, all the elements for growth are in place. It is up to us to broaden our business base so that we are more resistant to economic shifts and to offer a full array of products and services to a wider range of customers. I am challenging our organization to continue the pace of creativity and change that has made us so successful to date. We know where we want to go and we are determined to get there.
Even with our rapid growth in the past two decades, we have less than a 10% share of home improvement and building materials industry sales today. Our strategy for future market share growth begins with a metamarket view of the business, which includes broadening our reach in the industry, identifying new customer segments, analyzing their home improvement needs and gaining an increasingly larger percentage of their expenditures. Whether in opening new stores, adding volume to existing stores or extending the brand globally and through new platforms, The Home Depot is in the strongest position in the industry for continued growth in the coming years.
Special Thanks I want to express a special thank you to Bernie, Arthur and the Board of Directors for their support through this initial transition, and particularly to Arthur as he retires as Co-Chairman to pursue new endeavors. I am grateful for their confidence in my ability to take over the reins of the company they created and nurtured into a retailing legend, and I am committed to taking The Home Depot to the next level.
I hope you share my excitement for the future prospects of our Company. Sincerely,
Robert L. Nardelli
President and Chief Executive Officer February 19, 2001
 