      Dear Shareholders:
In fiscal year 2013, we grew sales for the fourth consecutive year, with positive sales in all three U.S. Divisions, Canada and Mexico. Comparable store sales were up 6.8 percent; total sales were up 5.4 percent; and diluted earnings per share were up 25.3 percent.
In the U.S., comparable store sales were up 7.5 percent. This was the best comparable store sales performance we have had in the U.S. since 1999. These results reflect the benefit of continued focus on our strategic framework, as well as what we believe is the continued healing of the U.S. housing market.
Our international businesses in both Canada and Mexico had positive comparable store sales for every quarter of the year. This year continued the Mexican team’s record of consistent performance, with 41 quarters in a row of positive comparable store sales.
For our business’s strategic framework, we have borrowed from Jim Collins and focus on addressing three priorities:
1) What we are passionate about: Customer Service;
2) What we want to be best in the world at: Product Authority for Home Improvement; and 3) What drives our economic engine: Disciplined Capital Allocation.
The lines between online and brick and mortar retail stores are increasingly blurring, and interconnected retail is now part of the fabric of our business. Over 30 percent of our online orders are picked up in a store, and for many of our product categories, our customers use the internet as their primary source for research and product comparisons. Interconnected retail is a part of each one of our three strategic priorities and provides us the opportunity to strengthen our performance in each element. We are investing to improve the core functionalities of our website as well as our mobile web and mobile app capabilities. And we will continue to drive a better interconnected experience for both our do-it-yourself and pro customers.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
We believe our more than 300,000 associates are a competitive advantage. For us, customer service begins by investing in our associates, in their training and in their success. We are proud that we continue to set company records for Success Sharing, our bonus program for our hourly associates. For 2013, our Success Sharing payout increased 25 percent versus last year and totaled almost a quarter of a billion dollars. We have focused additional training on interconnected retail, adjusting our Customer FIRST training to incorporate the interconnected retail experience. We continue to enhance our Buy

Online, Pick-up In Store and Buy Online, Ship to Store services and have seen consistent improvement in our related customer surveys. We are now expanding our existing store delivery program to include Buy Online, Deliver From Store. And we have continued on the path of redirecting store hours from tasking activity to customer service.
PRODUCT AUTHORITY
Our merchants have the responsibility of being the customer’s advocate for value. Their job is to provide our customers products that make their home improvement projects or job site tasks simpler, with an assortment of compelling values. To help with this job, over the past several years we have been building the competencies we call collectively Merchandising Transformation. This effort has focused on providing our merchants better tools for, among other things, forecasting and replenishment and assortment and space allocation. The tools are largely in place, and we can begin to use them to create additional value for our customers, associates and shareholders.
We have also begun the development of three new direct fulfillment centers. These will support our online channel. We opened the first facility in the first quarter of 2014, and we will complete the last by the end of 2015. Our intent is for these facilities to provide us the ability to deliver 90 percent of our customers’ parcel orders in the U.S. within two days.
DISCIPLINED CAPITAL ALLOCATION
Our shareholder return principles are straightforward and have not changed over the last several years. We will invest to maintain and grow our business; we look to increase our dividend every year, targeting a payout ratio of 50 percent of net earnings; and we will return excess cash to our shareholders through share buy backs.
In fiscal 2013, we repurchased a total of $8.5 billion or 111 million shares of our outstanding stock. At the end of fiscal 2013, we had $8.5 billion remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. Since 2002, we have repurchased approximately 1.1 billion shares, returning more than $46 billion to our shareholders. In early 2014, we announced a 21 percent increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.47 per share, or an annual dividend of $1.88 per share.
2014
In 2014, we will continue on the path of gaining share and improving customer service, as we also strive for improved financial performance. I hope you will visit us often in our stores and online.
Francis S. Blake March 27, 2014
 