      Dear Shareholders:
It is only appropriate to start by thanking Frank Blake for his leadership over the past eight years as Chairman and CEO. Frank positioned The Home Depot to achieve the success we experienced this year and established a strong foundation for our future. I among others have benefited from his leadership and guidance. We will be forever grateful.
Our 2014 fiscal year was a great year for The Home Depot; we had record retail sales, and all three U.S. Divisions, Canada and Mexico had positive comparable store sales. Our sales growth in the year was $4.4 billion, or 5.5
percent, with comparable store sales up 5.3 percent for the Company and 6.1 percent in the U.S. Our digital channels accounted for over $1 billion of our total growth. We also achieved the highest net earnings in Company history. Diluted earnings per share were up 25.3 percent to $4.71 per diluted share, and we returned over $9.5 billion dollars to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. These results reflect our continued focus on internal initiatives, an improving U.S. economy, and the continued recovery of the U.S. housing market.
As you know, in September we reported a payment data breach. We immediately took action to ensure our customers would be taken care of and expedited encryption of customer payment data in the U.S., which offers significant
new protection for our customers. As our breach and other recent security breaches confirm, the threat posed by cybersecurity attacks is increasing, and we are enhancing our investments in data security to combat this evolving threat. I would like to thank our customers for their continued trust in The Home Depot and thank all of our associates who worked tirelessly to earn that trust by providing excellent service to our customers.
The retail industry is becoming more interconnected. Our business strategy continues to evolve towards leveraging our digital assets to support customers shopping in our stores, and leveraging our stores to support customers shopping through our digital assets. Our strategy continues to be rooted in our three-legged stool, which stands for customer service, product authority for home improvement and disciplined capital allocation.
What we are passionate about: customer service
The internet has changed the way our customers shop, and they expect a seamless shopping experience whether
they transact in store or online. To meet this challenge, we have re-trained all of our associates on our FIRST for Interconnected customer service program and have completed the roll out of the second generation of our FIRST Phone. This web-enabled handheld device allows our associates to check inventory levels, access the internet for how- to videos, research products, and even complete sales in the aisle of a store.
We will continue to build out our interconnecting retail capabilities to connect with customers across multiple channels, including Buy Online, Pick-up In Store; Buy Online, Ship to Store; and Buy Online, Deliver From Store. Today, almost 40% of all U.S. online orders are picked up in our stores.
What we want to best in the world at: product authority
Our goal is to be the best in the world at product authority for home improvement by offering our customers the best brands at compelling values, while driving innovation in the market. During the year, we built out sophisticated planning and assortment tools to assist our merchants in improving our product offering, including better local

assortments. While we are in the early days of a multi-year plan to bring a more scientific, data-driven approach to determining the optimal assortment of products in our stores, results to date have been promising.
What drives our economic engine: disciplined capital allocation
Our utilization of capital focuses on a few key factors: investing to maintain the asset base of our business; investing to drive efficiency; and investing to enable our interconnected retail experience. In 2014, we opened two new direct fulfillment centers to support our online channel; a third will be completed in 2015. We are currently in pilot with Buy Online, Deliver From Store, which will allow product to be delivered to the job site or home within a time-specific delivery window. We will continue to make investments like these to allow our customers to shop when, where and how they want with The Home Depot.
Our shareholder return principles are straightforward and have not changed over the last several years. We intend to increase our dividend every year, targeting a payout ratio of 50 percent of net earnings, and we will return excess cash to our shareholders through share buy backs.
In 2014, we repurchased a total of $7 billion, or 80 million shares, of our outstanding stock. In February 2015 we announced a new $18 billion share repurchase program. We also announced a 26 percent increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.59 per share, or an annual dividend of $2.36 per share.
Our Culture
The Home Depot continues to be a business driven by a commitment to its values and strong culture. In 2014, Team Depot, our associate-led volunteer force, completed 1,200 projects to improve veterans’ homes and housing facilities across 882 cities. Through The Home Depot Foundation, we have invested more than $80 million to support the housing needs of veterans over the past four years.
In 2014, we received the ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year—Sustained Excellence Award for outstanding contributions to reducing greenhouse gas emissions through promotion of energy-efficient products. Additionally, we have implemented operational standards throughout our U.S. facilities that establish energy efficient practices, and since 2004 we have saved roughly 8.6 billion kilowatt hours of electricity.
My vision for our company is simple:
• The Home Depot needs to be the best place for associates to work and have the opportunity to advance their careers;
• The Home Depot needs to be the best place for our business partners to grow and deliver higher profitability for their businesses; and
• The Home Depot needs to be the best place for investors to put their money.
Achieving this vision requires The Home Depot to be the best place for customers to receive a great, seamless, interconnected experience and thus their first choice of places to shop for home improvement products. We’re excited for the opportunities ahead, and the value to be unlocked as we move forward.
Craig Menear March 26, 2015
 