To Our Shareholders, Customers and Associates:
2002 was a year that challenged our Company both externally and internally. While we delivered upon a number of commitments during the year, I am personally disappointed in the poor performance of our stock price and its impact on our shareholders and associates.
A Look at Our Accomplishments
Let me share with you what we did accomplish. Internally, we continued to challenge ourselves to improve upon everything we do and position ourselves for future growth. While sales performance in 2002 was lower than our original forecast, we did continue to grow market share. For the year, we delivered revenue growth of 9%, earn- ings per share growth of 21%, and a return on invested capital of 18.8%. Excluding the extra week in 2001, we experienced revenue growth of 11% and earnings per share growth of 24%. We also ended the year with $2.3 billion in cash and short-term investments after a $2 billion stock repurchase and returned value to our shareholders by increasing our quarterly dividend by 20% in the fourth quarter.
During the year, our Company underwent unprece- dented change that, while disruptive to our customers and our stores, was necessary as part of our ongoing
transformation. We were not deterred by a turbulent economy and conflicting indicators that ranged from a booming housing market to the lowest consumer con- fidence in 10 years, nor were we deterred by global conflict. We stayed on strategy by opening 203 new stores, adding approximately 40,000 new jobs, and making significant investments in merchandising resets and information technology.
We also invested more than 19 million hours in our associates, including our first-ever learning and development forums for every store manager and district manager in the Company, which resulted in alignment, commitment and enthusiasm for driving our business. In addition, we introduced new leader- ship programs to recruit new talent and develop our existing talent. Our Store Leadership Program gives new high-potential leaders the opportunity to rotate through four challenging assignments prior to assum- ing a store leadership role. Other development programs for leaders include our Executive Leadership Program, Accelerated Leadership Program, Business Leadership Program and Leadership Development Rotation. These initiatives are designed to help us build our leadership pipeline and successfully manage our growth with great talent.
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
  2
Each Store Manager and District Manager recently attended a weeklong Learning Forum designed to enhance their leadership skills. Here, at our Annual Managers’ Meetings, they were briefed on Company plans and priorities to ensure alignment across the organization.
 
A Commitment to Strong Corporate Governance
Over the past year, there has been a significant focus on corporate governance by Congress, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and shareholders, among others. I am very proud to say that The Home Depot has always been a leader in corporate governance matters, having been at the forefront in adopting the recommen- dations of the SEC sponsored Blue Ribbon Committee back in 1999.
During 2002, we implemented several new practices to build on our strong corporate governance and to improve the transparency of our financial reporting. These include the expensing of stock options, the implementa- tion of a corporate compliance council and improvement of internal processes and procedures to ensure continued clarity in our financial reporting.
The Board of Directors has tremendous depth of experience and is actively engaged in our business. Beyond attendance at regularly scheduled Board meet- ings, the Board conducts routine store visits and is engaged in the operational review of many stores throughout the year. A substantial majority of the Directors on our Board are independent, and each Director serving as a member of the Board’s Audit and Compensation Committees is independent.
The Company’s independent auditors, KPMG LLP, report directly to the Audit Committee and are only per- mitted to perform pre-approved audit related and limited pre-approved non-audit related services, in conformity with recent SEC rules. Also, while many companies have recently commenced efforts to add a financial expert to their boards, The Home Depot has had a financial expert on its Board for many years. Given the breadth of experi- ence, independence, expertise and business engagement, it was no surprise to us that our Board was recently recognized as one of the “Top 10 Best Boards” by a national business publication.
Business Overview
From a financial perspective, we delivered positive results during what was clearly one of the most challenging retail environments in over 20 years. Here is how we delivered on a number of key financial metrics:
• Revenue of $58.2 billion, 9% growth (11% when adjusted for the extra week in 2001)
• Gross Margin of 31%, a 94 basis point improvement over fiscal year 2001
• Net Earnings of $3.7 billion
• Earnings Per Share of $1.56, a 21% improvement
year over year (24% when adjusted for the extra
week in 2001)
• $2.3 billion in Cash and Short-Term Investments
• Repurchase of 69 million shares, valued at $2 billion • Quarterly Dividend increase of 20%
• Return on Invested Capital of 18.8%, a 50 basis point
improvement over fiscal year 2001
With $19.8 billion in equity, a low debt-to-equity ratio of 6.7%, and strong liquidity, the financial strength of The Home Depot is unparalleled and is an enabler for our transformation.
For us, the transformation starts with a “customer- back” approach. Whether it is our do-it-yourselfer (DIY), the do-it-for-me (DIFM), the professional or one of many emerging and diverse customer segments, we have rededicated ourselves to delivering a customer experience that is second to none and that will enhance loyalty to our brand.
Our commitment to meeting the changing needs of the marketplace is evidenced by the growth of our services business in 2002 and our commitment to strengthening that business in the years ahead. In addition, we have begun to tap the residential homebuilders’ market through our acquisition of three of the top 10 turnkey providers of installed flooring for new residential con- struction in the United States.
The Customer Experience
Internally, we talk about the Orange Experience. To us, that means offering a shopping experience that truly engages the customer. It means offering great products, excep- tional customer service, a pleasant shopping experience, and merchandise at everyday low prices. It also means having knowledgeable, friendly and helpful associates who provide solutions and know-how. The greatest compet- itive advantage we have is our talented associates. Our new marketing campaign reinforces that
message: “The Home Depot is more than a store. It’s a place full of possibilities that can take our customers from wondering how to knowing how. It’s a brand our customers have come to rely upon, backed by a com- mitment they can trust. You can do it. We can help.”
As the pioneer and innovator in home improvement retailing, our Company defined the standard others have
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
 3

  4
The Home Depot is more than a store. It’s a place full of possibilities that can take our customers from wondering how to knowing how. It’s a brand our customers have come to rely upon, backed by a commitment they can trust. You can do it. We can helpSM.
followed. The founders of this great Company had a vision that was right for the market and right for the times. As our Company has grown and the competitive environment has changed, so have the challenges we now face. We have embarked upon a transformation that will help us take the business to new levels, new customers, and new markets.
For example, The Home Depot continues to expand its international operations. We have successfully entered Mexico, a $12.5 billion home improvement market opportunity. In just under 18 months, we have established 12 stores and are now the largest home improvement retailer in Mexico. We are also continuing our success- ful and profitable growth through our 89 Home Depot stores in Canada.
During 2002, we made significant investments in technology, operations, merchandising and our associ- ates, all of which will contribute to our continued success in years ahead. In total, nearly $3 billion was reinvested in our business. Highlights include:
Merchandising
• We made an unprecedented investment in merchan- dising resets – more in 2002 than in the previous four years combined. Our ongoing appliance reset, for example, allowed us to become the country’s third largest retailer of appliances this year.
• We improved product assortment, giving our customers the broadest selection of quality merchandise at the lowest prices. As a result of centralized merchandis- ing, we were able to identify and remove outdated, slow-moving merchandise to make room for new, fashion-forward and innovative products, from both national and proprietary brands.
Technology
We tripled our investment in information technology to build better systems, simplify operations and digitize our business to support future growth.
Advancements include:
• Introduction of the home improvement industry’s first
self-checkout registers to allow customers more control
of their shopping experience.
• Improved network connectivity for new stores and
increased functionality of store systems, ensuring better in-stock positions and resulting in an 8% increase in inventory levels on a per-store basis at the end of the year.
Operations
• We enhanced the shopping experience through Service Performance Improvement (SPI), where re- stocking and other activities were moved to night hours, making our stores more shoppable for customers.
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
 
• We enhanced our logistics by opening four Transit Facilities, bringing the total to 10, and by adding two more Import Distribution Centers.
Associates
• We enhanced pay and benefits for our associates by improving tuition reimbursement and by establishing our Success Sharing program, which creates an oppor- tunity for every one of our hourly associates to benefit from their contribution to the Company’s success.
• We conducted our first-ever Employer of Choice sur- vey with all of our associates and received an 81% response rate. One of the key findings was that nearly 70% of our associates said they plan to stay with The Home Depot. Our results were favorable compared to consumer industry averages but also highlighted opportunities that we will be addressing in 2003. Overall, there was a very strong commit- ment to the Company and its direction.
• We introduced new e-Learning Product Knowledge modules for associates in every store.
Our Community Focus
Beyond the financial accomplishments, our Company also delivered on its commitment and long-standing heritage of “giving back” to the communities in which we live and work. Some of the more notable accom- plishments for the year include:
• Our associates’ contribution of seven million volunteer hours to thousands of worthy causes through Team Depot, our associate volunteer program.
• Sponsoring the Declaration of Independence Road Trip, a three-year program that will bring an original copy of “America’s Birth Certificate” to hundreds of cities across the U.S. to inspire Americans – particularly young people – to participate and exercise their rights, especially the right to vote.
• Completing our 100th KaBOOM!TM Playground with a commitment to build 100 more by 2004.
• Completing our 150th home for Habitat for Humanity, which builds affordable, energy-efficient and envi- ronmentally-friendly houses in partnership with those in need of adequate shelter.
• Increasing our commitment to support Olympic hopefuls through our Olympic Job Opportunity Program (OJOP), which provides athletes full-time pay and benefits while they are in training.
Our Company also has a proud history of “doing the right thing.” Among a long list of very noteworthy honors we received this past year, we are especially proud of two:
• The Home Depot received the “Corporate Patriotism
Award” from the American Veterans Association in recognition of our continuing support of our military and reserve associates and their families.
• President Bush named The Home Depot one of only two companies in the U.S. to serve on the newly- formed President’s Council on Service and Civic Participation, honoring The Home Depot as a model corporate citizen.
As the world’s largest home improvement retailer and the second largest retailer in America, The Home Depot has always been, and will continue to be, “more than a store” to our valued customers, associates, communities and shareholders. While the economic landscape before us is more difficult than ever to predict, I am more confident now than at any other time that we have a solid foundation upon which we can transform and build our business to deliver sustained profitability and growth. We have a proud past, but we have an even brighter future. And that brighter future will be shaped as we continue to listen to our customers, learn about new opportunities, and launch programs that will deliver value for our customers and our shareholders.
I want to recognize the tremendous efforts, support and dedication of The Home Depot associates. I have immense respect for their talent, their dedication and their commitment to winning in the marketplace. Let there be no doubt, the “orange-blooded” culture is alive, well and ready to take our business to new heights.
Sincerely,
Bob Nardelli
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 24, 2003
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
  5
