 Dear Shareholders:
In 2008, our retail sales declined by 7.8 percent, with comp sales down 8.7 percent. Our adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations declined 22 percent. In ordinary times, these would be very disappointing results. But 2008 was not an ordinary year.
Despite the difficult economic environment, we continued to improve our retail business, through investing in our associates and our stores, rebuilding our supply chain and improving customer service. We also made several strategic decisions to optimize our capital allocation, concentrating our efforts on our core business.
In the first quarter, we closed 15 underperforming stores and reduced our pipeline of new stores by 50. In the third quarter, we renegotiated our private label credit card agreement, capping our cost of private label credit. In the fourth quarter, we announced our decision to exit EXPO and related businesses. These actions will make the Company stronger.
On the financial side, we ended the year with a solid operating profit and $41 billion in assets. We generated cash from the business of approximately $5.5 billion, which allowed us to invest in the business where necessary and reduce our debt obligations while maintaining a healthy dividend.
On the operational side, we implemented an “Aprons on the Floor” initiative, which deployed over $200 million in annualized savings onto the floor of the stores for customer service. Our customer service levels, as measured by our Voice of Customer surveys and other external sources, continue to improve.
We launched our “New Lower Price” campaign in the fall and have been very pleased with the customer response to this program. More than ever, our customers expect great value and exciting products in our stores, and we are committed to providing for these expectations.
We started the roll-out of our enhanced supply chain. At the end of January, we opened our fifth Rapid Deployment Center (RDC), and RDCs now serve approximately 500 of our U.S. stores. Our goal is to have approximately 20 RDCs in place by the end of 2010, serving all of our U.S. stores.

We also rolled out new merchandising tools allowing our merchants to better plan and assort our products. These tools helped us drive better inventory productivity and provided better markdown control, particularly for our seasonal categories.
On the international front, our stores in Mexico continued their strong performance, ending the year with double digit positive comps. We also took a major step in transforming our information technology application footprint by converting our Canadian business to a new enterprise resource planning platform. The rest of the business will benefit from the lessons learned from the Canadian effort.
None of these activities would be possible without outstanding associates. Our associates carry our service culture to our customers every day. For 2008, we issued success sharing checks in excess of $88 million to our hourly associates. This is a Company record, and it is a source of pride that we can take care of associates in economically difficult times like these. Furthermore, associates under the officer level will receive performance based merit increases and our 401(k) matching program remains intact. Taking care of our associates is an important part of taking care of our customers.
We are expecting another challenging year in 2009. Across the business, we are making the adjustments necessary to respond to the economic environment. We are carefully controlling our discretionary spending, scrutinizing every dollar of capital, and — most importantly — intensifying our focus on our customers.
Our strategy is simple and straightforward: We are passionate about customer service. We are — and must continue to be — the number one authority on products in the home improvement market. And we will drive shareholder return through disciplined capital allocation.
Above all, we are a values-based business. The Home Depot was founded in 1979 when the U.S. was in the middle of a recession. Our values — taking care of our customers and taking care of our associates — speak even more powerfully in difficult times.
I hope as you spend time in our stores you will notice our continuing improvement.
Francis S. Blake
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer April 2, 2009
 