Dear Shareholders:
In 2009, our comp sales declined by 6.6 percent, with total sales down 7.2 percent. Earnings per share from continuing operations were up 13.1 percent from last year, but on an adjusted basis declined 6.7 percent. At the end of 2008, the U.S. economy was in the most severe recession it has experienced since the great depression. We planned for this tough economic environment, and we executed well against our plan, exceeding the sales and earnings targets we set forth at the beginning of the year. We gained over 100 basis points of U.S. market share in 2009, a notable accomplishment on a base of fewer stores.
We saw sequential improvement in our performance during the year and exited the year with a positive comp in the fourth quarter. We also saw signs of stabilization in some key macroeconomic indicators, such as Private Fixed Residential Investment as a percent of GDP. In Canada, the demand for home improvement products is showing improvement. And our Mexican team delivered positive comps for the year in a very tough economic environment. As we look to 2010, we believe we will see modest economic recovery in the markets we serve and expect our performance to continue to improve as the economy undergoes a steady, though slow, recovery.
As a company, we made significant progress against our strategic imperatives in 2009. We enhanced customer service in our stores, introduced new and innovative products with compelling values, and drove productivity and efficiency.
Our customer service levels, as measured by our Voice of the Customer surveys and other external sources, continue to improve. A key factor in this improvement was the launch of a new customer service program called “Customers FIRST.” All associates in the company, from our stores to our store support center, were trained in Customers FIRST in 2009. We view FIRST as a sustaining long-term program and a commitment to continued improvement in the service levels in our stores.
We also continued our supply chain transformation. At the end of January 2010, we opened our twelfth Rapid Deployment Center or “RDC.” RDCs now serve approximately 1,250, or 65 percent, of our U.S. stores. We will reach our goal of serving 100 percent of our U.S. stores by the end of fiscal year 2010. While our supply chain team is proceeding with the rollout of these new RDC facilities, we are also restructuring and improving other parts of our supply chain. We have closed legacy distribution centers, optimized distribution center operations and enhanced our transportation management systems, driving further supply chain efficiency in addition to the RDC rollout.
During the year we continued to implement new merchandising tools that provide

better forecasting capabilities and assortment management. Over 70 percent of our products are now on centralized automated replenishment. Through the combined efforts of our supply chain, merchandising, operations and finance teams, we reduced inventory by almost half a billion dollars in 2009, while at the same time improving our in-stock position.
We continued to drive our “New Lower Price” campaign and are very pleased with the customer response to the program. We have saved our customers over $600 million so far. More than ever, our customers expect great value. They also expect new products that will simplify their home improvement projects, like our new line of
paint, Behr Premium Plus Ultra®, which is paint and primer in one can. Through our focus on everyday low pricing and innovation, we are committed to meeting those expectations.
Your company is financially strong. During the year we retired $1.75 billion of senior notes and re-entered the share repurchase market, repurchasing approximately $200 million of outstanding shares. On February 23, 2010, your Board of Directors approved a 5 percent increase in our dividend, the first increase since 2006.
At The Home Depot, our goal is to provide the best customer service and product authority in home improvement retail. Taking care of our associates is an important part of taking care of our customers. For 2009, we issued success sharing checks in excess of $146 million to our hourly associates. This is more than we have ever paid out.
Our strategy remains simple and straightforward: We are passionate about customer service. We are – and must continue to be – the number one authority on products in the home improvement market. And we will drive shareholder return through disciplined capital allocation.
I hope as you spend time in our stores you will notice our continuing improvement.
Francis S. Blake
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer March 25, 2010
