                                         To Our Stockholders, Customers and Associates:
On the heels of fiscal 1998’s record performance, many of our investors wondered, “What will The Home Depot do for an encore?” The encore we performed during fiscal 1999 is worthy of a “Bravo!” response. We are extremely proud of our accom- plishments during fiscal 1999, particularly because they demonstrate the ongoing commitment of 201,000 associates who understand that superior customer service is the key to success for them, the Company and our investors.
We entered fiscal 1999 with confidence and a list of goals, which fit into three main categories:
1. To continue a pattern of strong and consistent sales and earnings growth.
2.To increase our ability to be a total solutions provider to do-it-yourself and professional home improvement customers.
3. To lead the marketplace to a better world.
We achieved all of our goals, exceeding most of them. As a result, we further strengthened our competitive position in the home improvement industry and solidly positioned the Company for long-term success.
Strong and Consistent Growth
Net earnings grew 44% during fiscal 1999, a key area where we exceeded our goal.
One hundred sixty-nine new stores and a 10% increase in sales at existing stores contributed to a 27% total sales gain for the year. A healthy economic environment helped, but the strength in sales was due mainly to new products and services, sharper product assortments and customer service enhancements.
We reduced product costs through efforts such as product line reviews, and imports and logistics effi- ciencies. These improvements gave us the financial flexibility to make further customer service-related investments in our stores, as well as invest in long- term growth initiatives, even as we recorded our 14th consecutive year of record earnings and our strongest year-over-year earnings gain since 1992.
We are firmly positioned to continue this pattern of consistent growth. New stores are planned to open at a steady rate of 21–22%. When combined with many new initiatives to enhance customer ser- vice, sales and productivity in our existing stores, we
 Arthur M. Blank, President and Chief Executive Officer
3
   w

                                         4
During fiscal 1999, The Home Depot was recognized for its industry and stock market leadership by being added to the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
are confident in our ability to continue the consistent sales and earnings growth our stockholders have come to expect.
Providing Total Solutions
We reached further into our industry to find new ways to serve customers.
Our commitment to new and existing customers has expanded inside and outside the walls of Home Depot stores. As the North American home- ownership base has grown and become more diverse, so have our customers’ needs. Plain vanilla is not enough – our customers want what they want, when they want it and where they want it.
In response, we added new products and services to our stores during the year. For example, we intro- duced a broad assortment of major appliances at nearly 150 Home Depot stores. Appliances are a natural extension of the products and services we currently offer. They also provide us with another opportunity to extend the trusting relationship we have with our customers. We expect to offer appli- ances in all remaining U.S. Home Depot stores during fiscal 2000.
We expanded our line of proprietary brands to include highly recognized names, such as
General Electric® and Thomasville®. During fiscal 1999, we completed the introduction of GE SmartWaterTM water heaters into all our stores. We also reached agreements to begin selling a new line of kitchen cabinets under the Thomasville name beginning in fiscal 2000. These new product lines are excellent examples of our merchants’ creativity in developing proprietary brands that provide our customers with more choices of quality products at value prices – available only at The Home Depot.
Nearly 50,000 customers sharpened their do-it- yourself skills at Home Depot UniversitySM, a four-week customer education program that premiered in all our stores during fiscal 1999. In addition, we added tool rental centers to 104 stores during the year, bringing the total to 150. W e also further r efined our test of new services for professional customers in three markets, and we added this package of services to ten additional markets.
Behind the scenes, we worked to enhance the customer service experience in our stor es. W e implemented new systems, tested new store for- mats and tweaked our staffing models, all with the mission to make our stores easier to shop and our associates more accessible to customers. We firmly believe that there is always room for improvement.
    
                                             $40.33
$55.63
 Attractive Stockholder Returns Split Adjusted Stock Prices at Fiscal Year-End
$20.17
 $11.00
1995 1996 1997 1998 1999
Developing Our Capabilities to our customers. Therefore, our e-commerce strat-
$10.03
We’re smart enough to know what we don’t know. If we don’t have the expertise or experience we need, we get it. During fiscal 1999, we acquired two companies for the purpose of developing our capabilities in two important segments of the home improvement business. Georgia Lighting, purchased in June 1999, is known throughout the lighting industry for its expertise in lighting design, sourcing, merchandising and training programs. Home Depot and EXPO Design Center stores are benefiting today from this acquisition in all four areas.
In January 2000, we acquired Apex Supply Company, a wholesale distributor of plumbing, HVAC and related products. Going forward, we plan to leverage Apex’s expertise and resources to better serve the needs of professional plumbers shopping in Home Depot stores.
Exploring E-Commerce
As the world watched the developments of electronic commerce, we were busy laying the foun- dation for our own e-commerce efforts. We view the Internet not as an alternate channel but as an addi- tional channel to provide flexibility and convenience
egy starts with our stores.
Beginning in fiscal 2000, Home Depot customers
in our initial launch markets will be able to purchase electronically all of the products available in their local Home Depot store. If they want the products delivered, we’ll deliver them. If they want to pick them up at the store, we’ll have the order ready for them. With nearly 1,000 Home Depot stores spread across North America, we will have the inventory and delivery systems instantly in place to serve e-commerce customers. During this period of dot-com mania, we firmly believe that, in the long run, the most successful online retailers will be those who know how to extend to the Internet the power of their brands, the leverage of their bricks-and- mortar assets and the value of their customer service.
Launching New Ventures
Outside the walls of Home Depot, we made great pr ogr ess with EXPO Design Center . W e opened seven EXPO Design Center stores during fiscal 1999, and each store opening was more successful than the one before it. More customers doing remodeling and decorating projects are attracted by EXPO’s ability to complete design work, product
5
 
                                        Consistent Store Growth Number of Stores at Fiscal Year-End
   624 512
761
930
1999
1998 1997 1996 1995
      423
selection and installation coordination – all under one roof. Like Home Depot 20 years ago, EXPO is poised to revolutionize this segment of the home improvement market.
We also learned more about serving the hard- ware convenience customer. During fiscal 1999, we opened two Villager’s Hardware test stores in New Jersey. Designed primarily to serve smaller project or home enhancement customers, Villager’s Hardware complements Home Depot stores with its product mix differences and a different type of shopping experience. We plan to open two more test stores in fiscal 2000. Villager’s Hardware is a good example of our willingness to test new ideas and prove their success before rolling them out. By doing this, our customers and our stockholders win.
Expanding Globally
Global expansion will become a more important part of our growth plans during the next decade. Like the Internet, trends in global retailing are accelerating, as retailers consolidate, capitalize on the power of their brands throughout the world and create the scale to achieve greater operating efficiencies. The opportunities we see to serve homeowners around the world, combined with our
experiences to-date in Canada, Chile and Puerto Rico, make us excited about our long-term prospects for successful expansion outside North America. Our primary focus continues to be on growing our presence in Latin America. However, we are also exploring other opportunities around the world for further international growth.
These and many other initiatives support our goal of providing total solutions to our customers. Coupled with this goal is our objective that every initiative maintain or enhance our current return on invested capital. Given this high hurdle, for every initiative we undertake, many others have been discarded. Even so, there are still many opportunities for us to con- tinue to widen our leadership position in the industry.
Leading the Marketplace to a Better World
Every day, we have the ability to touch millions of lives.
During fiscal 1999, we completed 797 million cus- tomer transactions. With each transaction, we had the opportunity to touch the lives of our customers by providing them with a wide assortment of low-priced home improvement products. In many cases, we also gave our do-it-yourself customers the knowledge and confidence to complete their own projects.
 6
  
                                        Career Opportunities Number of Associates at Fiscal Year-End
124,400 98,100
201,400
  156,700
1999
1998 1997 1996 1995
      80,800
At the end of fiscal 1999, we employed over 201, 000 associates. W e have the opportunity to touch each of their lives by building a better work- place in which every associate understands the culture and values upon which this Company was built. We have a responsibility to build an inclusive and diverse organization of the very best people, and foster an environment that supports diversity, providing the opportunity for everyone to excel.
During fiscal 1999, The Home Depot gave $15 million to support disaster relief and the build- ing of affordable housing, to aid youth at risk and to protect the environment. We touched thousands of lives through our financial support and thousands more through our volunteer efforts.
Our actions today in protecting the environment will touch millions of lives for many years to come. Last year, we told you about our commitment to leadership in addressing sustainable forestry and certification issues. This year, we put the stake in the ground by pledging to stop selling any wood products from endangered regions by the end of 2002. Further, we will give preference to vendors that supply us with products made from certified wood. We will use the power of our purchasing dollars to promote products that do the most to
preserve environmentally sensitive areas and make the most efficient use of wood.
The key to our success in this area is in the partnerships we develop with environmental groups and suppliers. I am happy to report that many envi- ronmental organizations have publicly voiced their support of our efforts, and our vendors are quickly climbing on the bandwagon. As The Home Depot expands its global presence, sustaining the environ- ment will become an even more important issue for the Company and our vendor partners.
During fiscal 1999, The Home Depot celebrated its 20th year of business. We have achieved so much in just 20 years of history. But even more opportunity exists for us in the next 20 years. The encore per- formance in fiscal 1999 was outstanding – but the curtain remains wide open.
Arthur M. Blank
President & Chief Executive Officer February 25, 2000
   7
  