To Our Customers, Suppliers, Shareholders and Associates:
Looking back at 2004, our strong performance was the result of focusing on our core purpose: Improve Everything We Touch. This core purpose, which we shared with our associates at our 25th anniversary celebration last summer, captures both who we are as a company and how we came together as a team in 2004 to build on our proud past and create an even brighter future.
Driven by our core purpose, we focused on the execution of our unwavering strategy to enhance the core, extend the business and expand our markets. As a result, we deliv- ered record financial performance, with sales growth of 12.8% to $73 billion. To put that into perspective, from 2000 to 2004, we have grown our top line sales by more than $27 billion, roughly the sales of a company ranking among the top 60 in the Fortune 500.
Earnings per diluted share grew 20.2% to $2.26 in 2004. Average ticket reached $54.89, gross margin climbed to 33.4% and oper- ating margin increased to 10.8% – all company records. We also drove comparable store sales of 5.4%, our best comparable store sales performance since 1999.
At the same time, we maintained one of the strongest balance sheets in retail, ending the year with shareholders’ equity of $24 billion; $39 billion in assets, including $2.2 billion in cash and short-term investments; and a debt-to-equity ratio of 8.9%.
We had a great year when measured across virtually every key metric. Our outstanding financial performance allowed us to continue reinvesting in our business and return approximately $4 billion of cash to our shareholders last year through share repurchases and dividends. Over the past four years, total share repurchases and dividends returned to shareholders equated to $3.90 per diluted share, or approximately 56% of our cumulative earnings.
I could not be more proud of what our 325,000 associates achieved from both an operational and a financial perspective. In 2004, we accomplished something even more meaningful: building a foun- dation for continued growth and profitability well into the future.
Enhancing the Core
In 2004, we continued our focus to improve the customer experi- ence in our stores by investing approximately $1 billion in store remodels and refreshes.
At the center of these efforts were continued performance improve- ments from major merchandising resets in core areas such as lighting, flooring, kitchen and appliances, to name a few. We also launched a steady stream of innovative and distinctive new prod- ucts that received a record number of accolades from leading consumer publications. We continued to use technology, installing human resource and financial systems, to improve our operating systems and enable future growth. And, in all U.S. stores, we completed our installation of POS systems, which allowed us to roll out cordless scan guns to all stores and have over 1,000 self- checkout systems in place. These technologies shorten checkout times and enhance the customer experience.
We invested heavily not only in our physical assets, but also in our associates, through more than 23 million hours in learning, which helped our associates deliver better customer service. We enhanced our compensation and rewards programs with record Success Sharing payouts of approximately $90 million. We launched exciting new hiring partnerships with AARP and the Departments of Defense, Veterans Affairs and Labor, and we added new benefits programs that are available to full- and part-time associates, making us an employment practices leader in the retail industry.
Extending the Business
We opened 183 net new stores, including several new and excit- ing store formats in Manhattan, New York and Park Royal, West Vancouver. These stunning new urban formats represent the best of The Home Depot when it comes to innovation in design, merchandising, product selection and service delivery, and have opened up future revenue opportunities for The Home Depot.
 The Home Depot, Inc. 1

We also continued to focus on services, with 23 national programs handling more than 11,000 installations per weekday. Our services revenue increased by 28% in 2004.
Responding to the growing demand for online shopping, we revamped our homedepot.com site, making dramatic improve- ments in the overall navigability of the site with more than 15,000 product SKUs for sale online, including appliances.
All of these extensions to our business are proof positive that our market-back customer approach is allowing us to successfully offer the right products and services to meet the changing needs of our diverse customer base.
Expanding the Market
We also made several important moves to expand our global market presence. With the acquisition of Home Mart in Mexico, we have become the largest home improvement retailer in that market in less than three years with 44 stores at year-end. In Canada, we celebrated our 10-year anniversary in 2004 and opened 15 stores, bringing our total there to 117. We also announced plans to expand our presence in China, capitalizing on our learning from our two merchandising offices, to enter the retail sector in this rapidly growing market.
We made several important acquisitions within the professional customer market: most notably White Cap Construction Supply, in June 2004, a leading professional distribution business; Creative Touch Interiors, in January 2004, a leading national design center partner for production homebuilders, which is now part of The Home Depot Supply, Builder Solutions; and Litemor, in February 2005, Canada’s largest national commercial lighting distributor. These acquisitions give us strong entry points into the $400+ billion professional market. We intend to continue growing in the market both organically and through future acquisitions.
Improve Everything We Touch
We celebrated our 25th anniversary in 2004 and used this year to reaffirm the values that have made this company so special.
We rejuvenated our Team Depot volunteer program by creating our first annual Week of Service, contributing more than 260,000 volunteer hours in just seven days through more than 1,600 proj- ects in our communities.
That same spirit of giving back and supporting our communities vividly came to life as four hurricanes struck the Southeastern U.S., and The Home Depot mobilized to deliver the largest relief and resupply effort in our company’s history. In total, we donated more than $4 million in contributions to rebuilding efforts throughout the impacted areas.
We also stepped up and recommitted to our troops serving over- seas, with a $1 million tool donation to support their rebuilding efforts in Iraq.
Finally, we witnessed our own Olympic Job Opportunity Program associates pursue their dreams of winning as they participated in the Olympics and Paralympics in Athens, Greece, bringing home a record 41 medals.
These and other efforts reflecting our values earned us prestigious recognition, including the 2004 Citizenship in Action Award from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Freedom Award from the U.S. Department of Defense.
2005: A Turning Point
We have built an impressive track record of performance and success over the past several years and have a tremendous amount of momentum as we move into 2005.
Capitalizing on that momentum will require continued discipline and focus on execution. As we open 175 new stores in 2005 and continue to invest in the modernization of our stores, it is customer satisfaction, customer conversion and average ticket that will be key to driving growth in our core retail business. With approximately 1.3 billion customer transactions a year, even slight improvements in these key metrics can drive exponential gains in our financial performance. At the same time, we will stay focused on develop- ing multiple platforms for sustainable, profitable growth in excit- ing new customer markets, product and service categories, and new geographies.
2005 is a turning point in our history: a year to build on our strong momentum and proven strategy, to continue to execute on our plan and to continually improve the customer shopping experience. This is a company with a proud past and increasingly bright future and we recognize that our associates are our competitive advantage.
In the four years I have been here, our 325,000 orange-blooded associates have proven to me time and again that when we set our minds on something, we always get it done – the right way – and that is exactly what we intend to do in 2005.
Thank you for your continued support, which was instrumental in helping us deliver on our core purpose to Improve Everything We Touch in 2004. I hope you are as excited as I am about the opportunities that lie ahead for our great company.
Sincerely,
Bob Nardelli
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer March 28, 2005
You can do it. We can help.SM
  2
