 04
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS, ASSOciATES, cUSTOMERS, SUPPLiERS AND cOMMUNiTiES:
 This past year was one of the most difficult our company has faced. Year-over-year retail sales declined by 2.1 percent, with comp sales down 6.7 percent. Our operating margin declined 186 basis points and our earnings per share from continuing operations were down 11 percent.
We began the year with the objectives of focusing on our retail business, investing in our associates and stores, and improving our customer service. We stayed true to those objectives despite the economic headwinds and invested over $2 billion in five key priorities: associate engagement, product excitement, product availability, shopping environment and own the pro. These investments put additional pressure on earnings in a difficult environment, but we are convinced the right long-term strategy starts with the customer experience in our stores. in each priority area, we made significant progress.
ASSOCIATE ENGAGEMENT:
Our founders emphasized the importance of taking care of our associates who take care of our customers. This is as important today as it was twenty years ago. it is an investment we know will strengthen our market leadership position. This past year, we took significant steps to improve the compensation and recognition of our associates and to build on the expertise in our stores. We implemented a new restricted stock bonus program for our assistant store managers. We are the only retailer of our size to award equity grants at that level of management. For us, it is important that our assistant store managers feel and act like owners. We significantly increased participation and payout of our Success Sharing bonuses for hourly associates and rolled out a new Homer Badge merit program to recognize great customer service. i hope as you shop our stores you will notice the associates who are proudly wearing these badges. We hired more than 2,500 Master Trade Specialists in our plumbing and electrical departments. These associates are licensed plumbers and electricians and provide both knowledgeable service to our customers and great training for associates. As a result of these and other efforts, full time voluntary attrition was down almost 20 percent in 2007.
PRODUCT EXCITEMENT:
Our customers expect great value and exciting products in our stores. in 2007, as in the past, we focused on meeting those expectations. We invested significantly in merchandising resets, drove product innovation through our successful launch of the Ryobi Lithium One+ line of power tools and our Eco Options program, and revamped
product lines to drive greater value for our customers. We are particularly proud of the leadership we maintained in a number of categories including appliances, outdoor living, live goods, and paint.
PRODUCT AVAILABILITY:
in 2007, we took an important first step in transforming our supply chain. We piloted a new distribution network and technology - Rapid Deployment centers (RDcs). The pilot was successful, and we will be rolling out RDcs throughout 2008 and 2009. We are confident that our future supply chain will dramatically improve our supply chain efficiency, improve our in stock levels, improve our asset efficiency, and improve our ability to meet increasingly differentiated customer needs.
SHOPPING ENVIRONMENT:
Our store base is getting older, and we have to protect one of our most important assets. We increased store maintenance in 2007, spending 38 percent more than our 2006 maintenance levels and two times our 2005 maintenance levels. We developed a sustainable programmatic approach to maintenance, with specific schedules for polishing floors, remodeling restrooms, and replacing major equipment such as air conditioners and service desks. As shown through our “Voice of the customer” surveys, our customers appreciate these investments.
OwN THE PRO:
We know that the professional customer is a critically important customer for us. This year we rolled out several programs aimed at better serving our pros. One of these is our pro bid room, which allows us to better manage large customer orders. Our professional customers look to us for the right products in the right quantities to make their jobs easier. We reinforced our job lot quantity program in our stores and revised our delivery service for better utilization. We are also leveraging our customer data to build stronger relationships with this key customer segment.
INTERNATIONAL:
While discussing progress in 2007, i’d like to give special recognition to our international businesses in Mexico, canada and china. Our stores in Mexico had double digit positive comps for the year. Our stores in canada posted positive comps. in china, once we launched our Home Depot brand in August 2007, our stores posted positive comps. Our international stores contributed almost 10 percent of sales and 12 percent of operating profit in 2007. These results demonstrate how well our format translates and the sizable opportunity to
THE HOME DEPOT

VALUES WHEEL
expand to new areas such as Guam, where we opened our first store this year.
As i complete my first year in this role, i want to thank the Board of Directors for their support and dedication. i would especially like to recognize our directors that are retiring this year: John clendenin, claudio González, Mitch Hart, and Ken Langone – one of our founders. Their guidance and counsel has been instrumental in the success of our company.
OUR STRATEGY IS SIMPLE:
We have clearly defined The Home Depot as a retail business. The sale of HD Supply in August of 2007 was the critical step in achieving that clarity and focus. We also defined our capital allocation strategy: We will be focused on improving our return on invested capital and will benchmark all uses of excess cash against the value created for shareholders through share repurchases. With that in mind, we used the proceeds from the sale of HD Supply and cash on hand to buy back $10.7 billion of stock. This puts us approximately halfway through our announced $22.5 billion recapitalization plan. Our cash flow will help determine the timing of the remaining steps in the recapitalization plan, as we look to maintain an adjusted debt/EBiTDAR ratio of 2.5 times. We are targeting a payout ratio of 30 percent, amongst the highest ratios in retail.
Our strategy: focus on our retail business, invest in our people, improve our stores, bring great products at great value to our customers, drive a high return on invested capital, and return excess cash to our shareholders.
For 2008, we are expecting a year every bit as challenging as 2007. We plan on opening fewer stores than has been our historical practice as we continue to invest and sharpen our focus on existing stores. We will continue to invest in our business along the five priorities set
out in 2007. As part of our investment plan, we have aggressive plans to build out our U.S. supply chain, to put more associates on the selling floor through a major “aprons on the floor” initiative, and to take the first step in transforming our information technology infrastructure by converting our canadian business to an Enterprise Resource Planning platform focused on enhancing our merchandising and customer facing activities. As our market improves and as the benefits of these investments in our business take hold, we look forward over the next four years to returning to a double digit operating margin.
We will also continue to build relationships and strengthen ties with our communities. This has been a hallmark of The Home Depot. One of the best parts of my job is hearing about the extraordinary things our associates do to help each other, help our customers and help our communities every day. We are a values based business, and we do our best to live and celebrate the values represented on the wheel depicted on this page. We recognize the self-reinforcing strength of these values builds great customer service. i hope, as you shop in our stores, you will notice our continuing improvement and the value of the investments we are making.
Francis S. Blake Chairman & Chief Executive Officer April 3, 2008
    2007 ANNUAL REPORT
05
