                                        2
Our strategic plan is to build a portfolio of assets that enhance financial performance and provide long-term profitable growth. We have made significant progress in the last five years to improve our competitive position both in exploration and production and refining and marketing. Exploration and production
is our engine for profitable growth where we invest the majority of our capital expenditures. We have strengthened future profitability through an increase
in new field developments, sales of lower value, mature properties and a focused, higher impact exploration program. We intend to continue to increase reserves and production outside the mature regions of the United States and North Sea. With respect to refining and marketing, we plan to enhance financial returns from our existing assets and to grow retail marketing opportunistically.
In 2003, our major accomplishments were:
• MAJOR SHIFT IN EXPENDITURES TO FIELD DEVELOPMENTS
Over the past several years we have significantly shifted our exploration and production capital expenditures to field developments. In 2003 we invested approximately $700 million, or 56% of our upstream capital spending in developments, and in 2004, we plan to invest approximately
$900 million, or about 60% of our upstream capital expenditures in developments. These amounts compare to average annual development spending
during 2000-2002 of $423 million, or 37% of upstream capital expenditures.
We are currently investing in 12 field developments in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, West Africa, North Sea and Southeast Asia. We estimate that these developments should add in excess of 100,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day of new production by 2006. In addition, the lower costs of this new production combined with other cost cutting initiatives should reduce unit costs by $2-3 per barrel by 2006.
• RESHAPING OUR EXISTING ASSET PORTFOLIO
In 2003 we sold $545 million of assets of which $478 million were mature or high cost exploration and production properties. We sold our interests in the shallow water Gulf of Mexico, the Jabung Field in Indonesia, and in several small fields in the United Kingdom sector of the North Sea.
We also completed three significant asset swaps
in 2003. In the first, we swapped mature, high cost assets in Colombia for a 25% interest in significant, long-lived natural gas reserves in the Malaysia- Thailand Joint Development Area, bringing
our interest in the area to 50%. In the second transaction, we transferred a 14% interest and
the operatorship of the Scott and Telford Fields
in the North Sea in exchange for an additional 22.5% interest in the Llano Field in the deepwater
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:
 “We have strengthened future profitability through an increase in new field developments, sales
of lower value, mature properties and a focused, higher impact exploration program.”
John B. Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

                                        Gulf of Mexico, bringing our interest in the field to 50%. We also exchanged our 25% stake in Premier Oil plc for a 23% interest in the Natuna Sea Block A in Indonesia.
• RESTRUCTURING OUR EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION ORGANIZATION
Last year we took steps to restructure our explo- ration and production business. As part of this reorganization, we reduced headcount by about 30%, or roughly 700 positions. As a result, we expect to achieve annual after-tax cost savings
of $30 million. Sixty percent of these savings are expected to be realized in 2004, and the full amount in 2005.
• CREATING VALUE THROUGH FOCUSED, HIGH-IMPACT EXPLORATION
Our exploration strategy is to drill fewer, but higher impact wells than in the past. In 2004, we expect to drill about 15 high impact exploration and appraisal wells. In 2004, over one half of our exploration activity will be in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico.
Last year we announced several discoveries, includ- ing two significant deepwater Gulf of Mexico wells: the successful appraisal of our Shenzi discovery,
in which we have a 28% interest and which encoun- tered about 500 feet of net oil pay, and Tubular Bells, in which we have a 20% interest. Both Shenzi and Tubular Bells will be further appraised in 2004.
• REFINING AND MARKETING
Our refining and marketing business posted its best annual results in a decade. Earnings at HOVENSA, our refining joint venture in the U.S. Virgin Islands, and our retail and energy marketing businesses were strong.
Net income per barrel of refined products sold ranked in the top quartile versus competitors for 2003. The first quarter of 2004 has started well, and we antici- pate another year of strong financial performance for our refining and marketing business.
• STRENGTHENING OUR FINANCIAL POSITION
We significantly strengthened the Corporation’s financial position in 2003. Proceeds from asset sales totaled $545 million; we generated free
cash flow, after capital spending and dividends,
in excess of $150 million, and during the fourth quarter we issued $675 million of Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock. These steps allowed us to reduce debt by over $1 billion in 2003 and resulted in our year-end debt to capitalization ratio declining to 42.5% from 54% at the end of 2002. With $518 million of cash at the end of the year, an undrawn credit facility of $1.5 billion and negligible debt maturities over the next several years, we believe that we will have ample liquidity and finan- cial flexibility for the foreseeable future.
We deeply appreciate the many contributions and dedication of our employees. We are grateful to our directors for their advice and guidance. We thank our shareholders for their continued support.
JOHN B. HESS
Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer March 3, 2004
 3
