                                         2
JOHN B. HESS
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:
We achieved record financial results in 2006. Our earnings rose to $1.9 billion, or $6.07 per share, benefiting from the strong crude oil and natural gas price environment that existed for much of the year.
Our capital and exploratory expenditures in 2006 totaled approximately $4.1 billion. We invested $3.9 billion in Exploration and Production and $169 million in Marketing and Refining. Our strong financial results enabled us to improve our debt to capitalization ratio from 37.6 percent a year ago to 31.7 percent at year end.
We continued throughout the year to make significant progress in executing our strategy to increase shareholder value over the long term. In Exploration and Production, we are making the substantial investments required to grow reserves and production on a sustainable basis. In Marketing and Refining,
we are delivering strong financial performance generating near term earnings and free cash flow.
In Exploration and Production, 2006 was a year of significant activity and strong operational performance:
• Our year end proved reserves grew by 14 percent to 1.24 billion barrels of oil equivalent.
• We replaced 232 percent of production at a finding, development and acquisition cost of $12.54 per barrel, bringing our three year average to 162 percent at $12.50 per barrel.
• Our reserve life increased to 9.3 years, marking the fourth consecutive year of improvement.
• Our worldwide oil and gas production grew by 7 percent to an average of 359,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
• We brought four new field developments into production, including our company operated Okume Complex
in Equatorial Guinea and Phu Horm Project in Thailand, both of which were completed on budget and ahead
of schedule.
• We made a significant discovery at our Pony prospect in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, which we operate with a 100 percent interest.
In Marketing and Refining, where we have a strong brand and a tightly focused regional business model, we generated solid financial performance, despite the negative impact of margin pressures and milder than normal weather. We continued the selective expansion of our Retail and Energy Marketing businesses during the year.
EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION
We have built a strong organization with the technical capabilities that enable us to undertake the world
class challenges of developing crude oil and natural
gas resources around the globe. During 2006, we commenced production in four new fields: the Okume Complex in Equatorial Guinea; the Phu Horm Project
in Thailand; Atlantic and Cromarty in the United Kingdom North Sea; and Azeri-Chirag-Gunashli Phase 2 in Azerbaijan.

                                        We also sanctioned the Shenzi development located in the Green Canyon area of the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and advanced the Ujung Pangkah oil development in Indonesia and the Residual Oil Zone development at the Seminole-San Andres Unit in West Texas.
Our exploration program continued to create value. At our Pony prospect on Green Canyon Block 468 in the Gulf
of Mexico, we made a significant discovery and drilled a successful appraisal sidetrack well that confirmed our pre-drill estimate of 100 to 600 million barrels of oil equivalent. A successful appraisal well was also drilled at our Tubular Bells prospect on Mississippi Canyon Blocks 682, 683 and 726, in which we have a 20 percent interest.
During the year, we also acquired new acreage in Egypt, Ghana, Norway, Ireland, Russia, Brazil and Peru. Our primary focus in exploration in 2007 will be on drilling to appraise our existing discoveries in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and to begin evaluation of our newly acquired acreage in the North West Shelf of Australia.
We continue to upgrade our portfolio of assets. During 2006, we sold mature properties in the United States Permian Basin and Gulf Coast. With our reentry into Libya in 2006, we began to recognize reserves and production from our Waha concessions, in which we have an 8 percent interest. We completed the acquisition of a 55 percent interest in and now operate the deepwater portion of the West Mediterranean Block 1 Concession in Egypt and announced the purchase of a 28 percent interest in the Genghis Khan development in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico.
MARKETING AND REFINING
Our refineries continued to operate reliably throughout 2006, with the exception of some unplanned downtime early in the year at our HOVENSA joint venture refinery in the United States Virgin Islands. We successfully completed low sulfur fuel projects at both refineries. Our Retail Marketing business continued to experience consistent growth. For the first time, our convenience store annual revenues, excluding petroleum products, exceeded $1 billion in 2006. Energy Marketing achieved increased sales of natural gas and electricity as a result of both organic growth and selective acquisitions, building
a stronger and more profitable business for the future.
We remain committed to having a positive impact on
the communities where we operate. In Equatorial Guinea, we have developed and initiated a multi-year program,
in partnership with the government, to support education in the country. We are funding $20 million of a $40 million project which will focus on strengthening the country’s educational system for children by improving teacher training, learning initiatives and infrastructure development. In 2006, following the devastating earthquake in Java, Indonesia we provided $1 million in critical emergency support, which supplied over 200,000 people with clean drinking water and urgent medical care.
We changed our corporate name to Hess Corporation. The “Hess” brand is firmly established with our customers in the company’s Marketing and Refining operations and is increasingly identified with our global Exploration and Production activities. Our new name strengthens recognition of our brand across all of our operations. Following our name change, we began trading under a new stock symbol “HES”. The company also effected a three-for-one stock split.
We are pleased with the performance of our assets and proud of the strength of our organization. We remain confident that the investments we are making for the future will sustain profitable growth and create significant value for our shareholders.
We deeply appreciate our employees for their hard work and dedication, our Board of Directors for their excellent leadership and wise counsel and our stockholders for their continued interest and support.
 JOHN B. HESS
Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2007
3
