TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 JOHN B. HESS
Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer
In 2008, our company delivered another year of strong financial and operational performance as we executed our strategy to invest in the sustainable growth of reserves and production in Exploration and Production and manage for near-term earnings and free cash flow in Marketing and Refining.
For the year, our company achieved record earnings of $2.36 billion, or $7.24 per share, on the strength of high crude oil prices and growth in our worldwide crude oil and natural gas production. By the end
of 2008, we had lowered our ratio of debt to capitalization to 24.3 percent from 28.9 percent in the prior year.
Exploration and Production, which earned $2.4 billion, delivered outstanding operational performance:
• Proved reserves grew to 1.43 billion barrels of oil equivalent, an increase of 8 percent.
• Reserve life increased to 10 years, marking the sixth consecutive year of improvement.
• We replaced 171 percent of production at a finding, development and acquisition cost of $19 per barrel of oil equivalent.
• Worldwide crude oil and natural gas production grew to an average of 381,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
Marketing and Refining, which earned $277 million, continued to contribute to our company:
• Refining was negatively impacted by significant declines in refining margins due to the challenging economic environment.
• Energy Marketing results benefited from strong margins and volume growth.
• Retail Marketing experienced higher average margins, which more than offset lower sales for gasoline and convenience stores on a per site basis.
We continue to build a global franchise in Exploration and Production with world class technical expertise and a portfolio of assets that is balanced geographically between the United States, Europe, Africa and Asia. Our exploration program had a successful year, which positions the company for future growth in reserves and production.
As we manage our business through a severe period of economic weakness, we are committed to maintaining financial strength while protecting
our long-term growth options. We have responded
to the reduction in global energy demand and the precipitous drop in crude oil and natural gas prices by sizing our 2009 capital and exploratory expenditure program to $3.2 billion compared with $4.8 billion
in 2008. As in previous years, nearly all of our
2009 spending will be targeted to Exploration and Production, with $1.4 billion budgeted for production operations, $900 million for developments and $800 million for exploration.
EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION
Crude oil and natural gas production in 2008 was up one percent versus the prior year despite the impact of devastating hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, which reduced our full year production
by about 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Production growth was underpinned by strong performance at the Hess operated Okume Complex in Equatorial Guinea and the commencement of Phase 2 natural gas sales at the Malaysia/Thailand Joint Development Area (JDA).
Throughout the year, we advanced several key developments in our global portfolio, including the JDA, the Shenzi Field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, Ujung Pangkah crude oil and liquefied petroleum gas in Indonesia and the Valhall Field redevelopment in Norway.
 2

In exploration, we executed a successful program that resulted in offshore discoveries in Australia, Libya and Egypt. We conducted appraisal drilling
in our Pony Field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, where we drilled to a total depth of more than 32,000 feet. We also made significant additions to our exploration acreage, including the acquisition of 47 blocks in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and the Semai V block in Indonesia.
MARKETING AND REFINING
While we continued our strategy of running our refineries for cash flow, high crude oil prices and weak refined product demand pressured margins for most of 2008, resulting in lower profitability for the year.
The growth for Hess Energy Marketing, which provides energy to 17,000 commercial and industrial customers in the eastern United States, occurred largely in sales of natural gas and electricity. Energy Marketing also introduced a slate of green products and services, such as Demand Response and Carbon Neutral programs.
In Retail Marketing, which has 1,366 gasoline and convenience stores along the East Coast of the U.S., higher average margins more than offset weaker gasoline sales. The rollout of Dunkin’ Donuts self- service offerings in our retail network has been enthusiastically received by our customers.
SAFETY AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
In 2008 we achieved our best-ever performance in employee safety. While we are proud of the progress we are making, we remain focused on building a culture of continuous improvement in safety performance.
Our company is committed to making a long-lasting positive impact on the communities in which we operate. Last year, our contributions to support health, education and community development grew to $21 million from $16 million in 2007 and included
$3 million to the Greater Houston Community Foundation for Hurricane Ike relief efforts. Our partnership with the government in Equatorial Guinea to improve primary education made substantial progress in 2008 by training 1,165 teachers and renovating 40 model schools.
We are extremely pleased that Greg Hill has joined us as President, Worldwide Exploration and Production. Greg had a distinguished 25-year career at Shell, where he most recently was Executive Vice-President, Asia Pacific E&P.
He also served in leadership roles in the United States and Europe. He brings global experience
in operations excellence, technology, development projects and building world-class organizations through investment in people.
Greg succeeds John O’Connor, who is retiring after more than seven years of outstanding leadership. We want to express our deep appreciation to John for the extraordinary job he has done in developing a global franchise in Exploration and Production. His vision to grow reserves and production on a sustainable and financially disciplined basis has provided us a strong foundation for the future.
We appreciate our employees’ hard work and dedication to build a company that has the capability to meet the world’s energy challenges with the entrepreneurial spirit of an independent. We are grateful for the outstanding advice and guidance of our Board of Directors. We especially thank you, our stockholders, for your support and interest.
John B. Hess
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 4, 2009
  3
