                                        2
To Our Stockholders
 JOHN B. HESS
Chairman of the Board
and Chief Executive Officer
2007 was another year of strong achievement for our company, as we successfully executed our strategy of growing our reserves and production on a sustainable basis in Exploration and Production and managing for near-term earnings and free cash flow in Marketing and Refining.
Our financial performance benefited from higher volumes of crude oil and natural gas production and strong commodity prices, which were partially offset by higher industry costs in Exploration and Production and lower margins in Marketing and Refining. Our corporate net income was $1.8 billion, or $5.74 per share. While we continued to reinvest the majority of our cash flow in Exploration and Production, we strengthened our financial position in 2007 with debt-to-capitalization improving to 28.9 percent at year end compared to 31.6 percent at the end of 2006.
Exploration and Production, which earned $1.8 billion, delivered strong operational performance:
• Our year end proved reserves grew by 7 percent to 1.33 billion barrels of oil equivalent.
• We replaced 167 percent of production at a finding, development and acquisition cost of about $16.20 per barrel.
• Our reserve life increased to 9.5 years, marking the fifth consecutive year of improvement.
• Our worldwide crude oil and natural gas production grew by 5 percent versus the prior year to an average of 377,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
Marketing and Refining, which earned $300 million, continued to contribute to our company’s progress:
• Refining generated solid financial performance in a challenging environment with $193 million in earnings.
• Energy Marketing experienced strong growth in sales and margin improvements in natural gas and electricity.
• Retail Marketing showed increases in both fuel sales and convenience store sales, but this improvement in volumes was more than offset by lower fuel margins.
We have worked hard over the past five years to reshape our company, build a global organization with strong technical capability and deliver the performance for which we are starting to receive recognition. Our total shareholder return for the year was up 104 percent, an increase that was first among integrated oil companies and tenth in the S&P 500.
Going forward, we will continue to invest our cash flow in a disciplined manner to sustain long-term profitable growth. For 2008, capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be $4.4 billion, with $1.6 billion for production, $1.5 billion for field developments and $1.2 billion for exploration. We believe this investment program will create significant value for our shareholders.
EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION
In 2007, production grew with major contributions from Hess operated projects including a substantial increase in crude oil production at the Okume Complex in Equatorial Guinea, where our working interest is 85 percent; the commencement of natural gas production from the Ujung Pangkah Field in Indonesia, in which we have a 75 percent working interest; and a full year of natural gas sales at Sinphuhorm, onshore Thailand, where our working interest is 35 percent.

                                        We advanced several Hess operated field development projects, including the Bakken Shale in North Dakota,
the Residual Oil Zone at the Seminole San Andres Unit
in West Texas, and Ujung Pangkah Oil in Indonesia. We also made significant progress in the development of
the Shenzi Field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, where Hess has a 28 percent interest. In addition, we sanctioned during the past year two new field developments: the Hess operated Jambi Merang natural gas project in Indonesia and the Valhall Field Redevelopment in Norway.
In exploration, we continued the appraisal of the Pony and Tubular Bells discoveries in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. Hess has a 100 percent interest in Pony and a 20 percent interest in Tubular Bells.
MARKETING AND REFINING
Our refineries operated reliably last year. However, full year financial results for the HOVENSA refinery were impacted by the turnaround of the delayed coker in the second quarter and the lower margin environment that existed in the second half of the year.
In Retail Marketing, we announced in December an exclusive agreement with Dunkin’ Donuts, the world’s largest coffee and baked goods chain, to create innovative self-service offerings in many of our convenience store locations from Massachusetts to Florida. This strategic partnership expands our ability to provide an exciting new range
of coffee and food products for our customers.
Hess Energy Marketing, which provides energy to commercial and industrial customers in the eastern United States, doubled electricity sales compared to the previous year and increased natural gas sales.
SAFETY AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
We are encouraged by the progress we are making in safety. In 2007, we achieved our best safety performance since the company began recording such data more than 20 years ago. The incident rate was approximately one-third the rate it was in 2000 and has improved seven of the past eight years. While we celebrate our success, we strive for continued improvement by building a culture of safety.
Social responsibility is a core value of our company and we remain committed to making a positive, sustainable difference in the communities where we do business. Our company’s charitable contributions grew from $6 million in 2006 to more than $16 million in 2007 as we provided support for education, health and community development in numerous countries throughout the world. We are particularly proud of the program we initiated in Equatorial Guinea in partnership with the government to strengthen the educational system and of the steps taken in 2007: 100 teachers and 1,000 school directors were trained and the first five of 45 schools were refurbished.
We deeply appreciate the hard work and dedication of our employees. We are grateful to our Board of Directors for their outstanding leadership and guidance. We especially want to thank you, our stockholders, for your continued interest and support.
JOHN B. HESS
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 5, 2008
 3
