hfcDeAr StockholDerS
I am pleased to report that 2012 was an outstanding year both operationally and financially for HollyFrontier. We deliv- ered strong operating performance at our refineries, generated record earnings and executed a capital return program that included dividends to our stockholders and stock repurchases. We are well positioned to continue building on the success of our tremendous year.
Consistently Outstanding Financial Results
In 2012, we continued to benefit from attractive market conditions and structural advantages that give HollyFrontier
a competitive edge in our industry. Our outstanding financial results reflect our prudent investments in our high-complexity refineries that resulted in our ability to process lower price crude feedstocks that are closer to our refineries than most refiners. Our performance also reflects our favorable geo- graphic position that allows our refineries to be located near the markets we serve in the middle of the country.
Delivering Value by Returning Capital to Stockholders
In 2012, HollyFrontier returned over $860 million to stock- holders through regular dividends, special dividends and share repurchases. During the year, the HollyFrontier Board of Directors increased the Company’s regular quarterly cash dividend by 100% – from $0.10 per share to $0.20 per share – and approved five special dividends of $0.50 per share each. On an annualized basis, the Company’s cash dividend yield was approximately 7% as of year end. In addition, the Board of Directors authorized $700 million of share repurchases during the year, and we completed the repurchase of $210 million worth of shares. Overall, since completing the HollyFrontier merger in July 2011, the Company has more than doubled its earnings and has returned over $1.1 billion in capital to stock- holders through dividends and share repurchases.
As we look forward, we expect that the structural advantages that are currently increasing our operating margins will continue to drive strong free cash generation, allowing us
to maintain our strategy of providing substantial cash returns to our stockholders.
Operational Excellence
Operations are running well across our refineries, which are among the most complex in the industry and have the ability to process domestic and Canadian crudes. We have reinvested over $1 billion of cash flow generated in recent years into our facilities, with the goal of improving our refining capabilities. This investment in the safety, efficiency and processing capacity of our facilities is a critical element of our mission and values.
 The numbers are terrific – in 2012 we achieved:
• Net Income attributable to HFC stockholders of $1.7 billion
• Gross refining margins of $24.89 per produced barrel
• Record operating cash flow of $1.7 billion
• One of the strongest balance sheets in our industry. As of December 31, 2012, we had $2.4 billion in cash and short-term investments, compared to $1.3 billion in long-term debt.
These 2012 financial results underscore the fundamental strength of our business and reaffirm the benefits of the strategic plan we have successfully executed since completing the HollyFrontier merger in 2011.
2 HollyFrontier Corporation 2012 Annual Report

 Operational highlights in 2012 include:
Health, safety and environmental stewardship remain our top corporate values. We continue to execute on an expectation that “no one gets hurt” and “nothing gets harmed” as we conduct everyday operations at all of our facilities.
HollyFrontier’s outstanding operational performance is the result of the dedication and efforts of the Company’s talented employees. Our 2,500 employees do a terrific job every day efficiently and safely running our operations. Their hard work has enabled HollyFrontier to deliver the outstanding results we achieved in 2012. We extend our deepest appreciation and thanks to our employees for their service and hard work.
In addition, we would like to thank Matthew Clifton, who retired as Executive Chairman of HollyFrontier on January 1, 2013.
We are extremely appreciative of his 30 plus years of leadership and service to HollyFrontier and its predecessors, and we are pleased that he will continue as Chairman and CEO of Holly Energy Partners.
Looking Ahead
We are excited about where we are as a company today. Financially and operationally, HollyFrontier is firing on all cylinders, and we believe the Company is well positioned for the future, even when market conditions inevitably shift. We look forward to continuing to meet our standards of operational excellence, execute on our strategic goals
and enhance value for our stockholders. Sincerely,
Michael C. Jennings
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
• Record throughput levels. Overall crude throughput levels increased over 2011, with our El Dorado and Navajo refineries reaching record annual levels of 131,400 and 93,800 BPD, respectively.
• Increased processing of heavy and sour crude.
We increased our processing of heavy and sour crude feedstocks from 35% of our total crude slate in 2011 to 39% in 2012.
• Completion of capital improvement projects. Capital improvement projects completed in 2012 include MSAT2/ liquid yield improvements at the Navajo and Woods Cross refineries, a new coker charge heater at El Dorado and an FCC flu gas scrubber at Woods Cross.
• Start-up of the UNEV Pipeline. In early 2012, the UNEV pipeline, our 400-mile, 12-inch refined products line that runs from Salt Lake City to Las Vegas, became fully operational. The UNEV pipeline enables us to supply the Las Vegas and Cedar City markets at a considerable cost advantage to our competitors.
• Saleof75%UNEVPipelineinteresttoHollyEnergy Partners. In July 2012, we sold our 75% interest in the UNEV Pipeline to Holly Energy Partners, our Master Limited Partnership, for $315 million. The UNEV dropdown trans- action reflects the synergistic nature of our refining and related logistics operations.
• Woods Cross refinery expansion and modernization program. We announced an agreement with Newfield Exploration Company to supply waxy crude upon completion of the ongoing modernization and expansion of our Woods Cross refinery. This will provide increased capacity to serve the important Las Vegas market through the UNEV Pipeline,
as well as our traditional customers in Salt Lake City and the Inter-Mountain West.
“2012 financial results underscore the fundamental strength of our business and reaffirm the benefits of the strategic plan we have successfully executed since completing the merger of HollyFrontier
in 2011”.
Michael C. Jennings
  3
