                       DeAr StockholDerS
2011 was a year of exceptional achievement at HollyFrontier. We completed our merger, generated record earnings, delivered strong operating performance at our refineries and significantly increased dividends paid to stockholders.
HollyFrontier was created through the highly strategic and synergistic merger of Holly Corporation and Frontier Oil Corporation, which was completed on July 1, 2011. The transaction combined two of the most profitable and highest return-on-capital refiners in the independent refining sector, establishing HollyFrontier as a stronger and more geographically diversified refining company. Today, with our outstanding and complementary assets in the Mid-Continent, Southwest and Rocky Mountain Regions, the Company is well-positioned for continued growth and shareholder value creation.
we have set our sights on being “the premier u.S. petroleum refining, pipeline and terminal company.” this objective spans a variety of important areas, including:
• operating our assets safely, reliably and in an environmentally responsible way
• Leveraging our existing assets to create value
• Providing our customers with superior products and service
• Seeking to grow our business in a way that builds long-term shareholder value while also generating near-term returns
In addition to completing our merger during 2011, we capitalized on the very attractive market opportunity that resulted from depressed inland crude prices associated with higher oil production in the U.S. and Canada. Our record financial results in 2011 included total net income of $1,023 million, earnings per share of $6.42 and free cash flow per share of $6.05.
The Company’s outstanding financial performance reflects two fundamental attributes that differentiate HollyFrontier: First, our focused investment in Mid-Continent, Southwest and Rocky Mountain refining capacity paid off as higher crude production in these regions created advantaged pricing for local refiners. Second, because of our facility upgrade and expansion projects and commitment to operational excellence, our refining system delivered very strong throughput and product yields through many months of high-margin opportunity.
Following the merger, an initial key activity was to develop and articulate a business strategy that would help focus our attention and resources. This process benefitted greatly from the experiences gained at the legacy companies, which both had lengthy track records of managing through business cycles, investing capital in disciplined but productive manners and generating solid returns for shareholders.
looking forward, we have a conservative bias, an opportunistic outlook and a business strategy that involves:
• Exploiting our geographic position relative to increasing crude supplies and niche product markets
• Investing in our refineries and logistics assets to further enhance our competitive position and improve our overall refining margins
• Maintaining disciplined capital spending and emphasizing the return of capital to shareholders
• Creating even stronger operations by linking our refineries logistically and sharing best practices
• Partnering with Holly Energy Partners (our MLP affiliate) to create additional value by connecting our refineries, crude supply points and product market opportunities
HollyFrontier’s capital structure is a differentiating strength, and at December 31, 2011 we were the sole U.S. independent refiner with cash in excess of debt outstanding. This is due to two factors. First, we maintain a strong and liquid balance sheet to provide flexibility to address industry cyclicality, volatile working capital needs and strategic opportunities. Second, we participated in an outstanding margin environment during 2011 and generated substantial cash, most of which remained on our balance sheet at year end.
  2 HollyFrontier Corporation 2011 Annual Report

 Matthew P. Clifton and Michael C. Jennings
Quantitatively (and including Frontier Oil free cash flow for Q1 and Q2), our operating cash flow for the year exceeded capital expenditures by $1.3 billion. Our year-ending balance sheet reflected cash of $1.8 billion, and debt (excluding non-recourse HEP debt) of $689 million. We also held 11.1 million limited partnership units of Holly Energy Partners, which closed the year with a $53.78 value per unit, and our HEP General Partner interest, which received distributions of $16 million during 2011.
HollyFrontier is well positioned and is committed to returning value to shareholders, while investing in our business and managing through the business cycles we encounter in the downstream petroleum sector. Distributions to stockholders during 2011 included two special dividends and a 33% increase in our regular dividend rate. In addition, we repurchased 1.3 million shares and affected a two-for-one split of HollyFrontier common stock. The Board of Directors has established a new policy for the combined Company regarding the return of capital to shareholders, under which we plan to grow our regular dividends progressively and pay special cash dividends as we deem appropriate based on available liquidity and other investment opportunities. We will also repurchase shares opportunistically and to offset dilution from our stock-based compensation programs. We believe this combination of tools, used in differing quantities as dictated by the business environment, will allow us to maximize shareholder returns, both in the form of price appreciation and cash yield.
We are proud of HollyFrontier and all that we achieved in 2011. The headline event, from a corporate standpoint, was completion of our merger. This transaction went far beyond a change of name and ticker symbol; it created a stronger company that faces new and exciting opportunities as we work to rationalize, improve and grow.
In addition, we have taken a number of initiatives to improve and expand our operations. Our recently-announced expansion of our Woods Cross Refinery and associated Utah Black Wax crude supply arrangement showcases the type of organic growth we are successfully achieving. The Woods Cross project capitalizes on our existing capabilities and infrastructure while facili- tating volume growth that will develop in parallel with Utah crude oil production, effectively displacing foreign imported crude with cost effective domestic Utah crude oil. We believe opportunities like this will further bolster our competitive position, grow our business and generate attractive cash returns.
Our UNEV pipeline, which connects the Wood Cross Refinery to the Las Vegas market, is now fully operational. We expect the access afforded by this pipeline to offer an attractive outlet for current and expanding Woods Cross Refinery production and other Rocky Mountain refiners at economic transportation costs, driving profits in years to come.
HollyFrontier’s outstanding operational performance and value creating potential are built on the dedication of the Company’s talented employees. Their efforts have enabled HollyFrontier to maintain and improve our operations across our asset base and to execute on our growth strategy. We extend our deepest appreciation and thanks to our employees for their service and continued hard work.
We also extend heartfelt thanks to our stockholders for their investment and confidence in HollyFrontier Corporation, to our trading partners for relationships that sustain our business, and to the communities that host our operations, enabling the development of our Company and the careers of our people.
This is an exciting time for HollyFrontier, and we are optimistic about the Company’s future. We look forward to meeting and exceeding our operational goals and executing on our business strategy to continue enhancing value for HollyFrontier stockholders.
Matthew P. clifton Michael c. jennings
Executive Chairman Chief Executive Officer and President
    3
