 DEAR STOCKHOLDERS
HollyFrontier Corporation reported
Net Income attributable to HollyFrontier stockholders of $281 million, or
$525 million excluding a $397 million non-cash, pre-tax charge for inventory valuation adjustment. We were not immune to commodity price volatility
in 2014, during which domestic
crude prices plummeted 46% and
the WTI/Brent crude differential compressed 40%. Our reported
gross margin per barrel declined only 13% to $13.98 per barrel reflecting
our advantaged geographic location close to inland crude production
and niche product markets.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
In 2014 we achieved:
2 HollyFrontier Corporation 2014 Annual Report
•
• • •
•
Net Income attributable to HFC stockholders of $281 million, $525 million excluding the lower of cost or market “LOCM” adjustment
Gross refining margins of $13.98 per produced barrel Operating cash flow of $758.6 million
$1 billion in cash and short-term investments as
of December 31, 2014, compared to approximately $187 million in long-term debt (exclusive of HEP debt)
Over $780 million of capital returned to shareholders
In 2014, HollyFrontier delivered improved operational perfor- mance across our refineries. We are seeing the benefit of
past and ongoing investments being made across our refining system. Our consolidated refinery utilization rate in 2014 was 91.7%, above our five-year average utilization rate and nearly
a 5% improvement relative to 2013 levels due to a combination of less planned maintenance activity and lower unplanned downtime. In 2015 and beyond, we will continue to focus on improving our operational efficiency, reliability, advantaged crude access and refinery yield improvement.
STRONG TRACK RECORD OF RETURNING
CAPITAL TO STOCKHOLDERS
HollyFrontier remains committed to generating shareholder value by returning cash to shareholders. In 2014, HollyFrontier returned over $780 million to stockholders through regular quarterly dividends, special dividends and share repurchases. On an annualized basis, the Company’s cash dividend yield was 8.7% as of year-end 2014. In February 2015, the Board of Direc- tors authorized a new $500 million share repurchase program reflecting our renewed focus on share repurchases to augment our dividend program. Since completing the HollyFrontier merger in July 2011, the Company has returned approximately $2.8 billion in capital to stockholders.
INVESTING IN OUR OPERATIONS
In 2014, we invested $485 million in our facilities improving
our refining capabilities, safety and refinery reliability and minimizing our environmental impact. Several of our investments are scheduled to complete in 2015 and once operational will augment HollyFrontier’s margins and drive sustainable long-term value. Our 2014 capital investment projects included:

 “In 2014, HollyFrontier delivered improved operational performance across our refineries. We are seeing the benefit of past and ongoing investments being made across
our refining system.”
MICHAEL C. JENNINGS
 • Woods Cross Refinery Expansion: Our Woods Cross expansion will increase capacity at our Woods Cross facility located near Salt Lake City, Utah from 31,000 to 45,000 barrels per day while at the same time reducing emissions. As part of the expansion, we are increasing
our capacity to process locally sourced black wax crude from 10,000 barrels to 24,000 barrels a day. Upon comple- tion, the refinery will have the capability of providing the Las Vegas market with refined products through the UNEV Pipeline, as well as serving our traditional Salt Lake City and other markets across the Inter-Mountain West. We are on track to complete the expansion in the fourth quarter of 2015.
• El Dorado Naphtha Fractionation: Our ongoing work at our El Dorado Refinery, in El Dorado, Kansas, will improve liquid yields by reducing byproducts such as fuel gas, propane and butane and reduce the benzene content of our gasoline pool lower. We are on track for completion in the spring of 2015.
• Tulsa Refinery Modernization: In 2014, we filed a permit to encompass the full 170,000 barrels per day of crude distilla- tion capacity at our Tulsa Refinery providing flexibility for future improvement projects. Currently, plans are underway to modernize the fluid catalytic cracking unit (FCCU) includ- ing the installation of updated feed nozzles, an upgraded catalyst stripper and riser termination device. The investments being made will increase FCC capacity by 4,000 barrels per day and improve conversion rates from heavy oils to gasoline and diesel a further 1%. We are on track to complete the FCC modernization project in the first quarter of 2016.
• Holly Energy Partners’ Crude Gathering System Expansion:
In 2014, Holly Energy Partners completed the expansion of 800 miles of pipeline in southeastern New Mexico. The expanded gathering system has capacity up to 100,000 barrels per day and provides additional delivery capacity to our Navajo Refinery while also connecting
to major clearing points in Cushing, Oklahoma, Midland, Texas and Crane, Texas.
In addition to these initiatives, we announced the appointment of George Damiris to serve as our new Chief Operating Officer in 2014. George has been a key member for the leadership team since joining the Company in 2007 and has more than
25 years of refining industry experience. We look forward to benefiting from his leadership as we continue to improve operational reliability and safety while also completing our slate of strategic growth projects.
COMMITTED TO THE ENVIRONMENT,
HEALTH, SAFETY AND OUR COMMUNITIES
HollyFrontier Corporation’s core values are health, safety, corporate citizenship and environmental stewardship. We are actively investing to reduce the environmental impact of our operations. Emissions at the Woods Cross Refinery are being reduced through new investments despite a 50% increase in plant capacity. We have invested to reduce our water needs, bringing our usage to half the industry average and have an active campaign upgrading fired heaters and boilers across our refineries to reduce our carbon dioxide emissions.
At HollyFrontier, we consider the communities we operate in as a part of our extended family and are committed to promoting sustainable social and economic benefits in the areas we oper- ate. We endeavor to give back both through volunteerism and charitable giving to improve the lives of those who share the community where our employees live and work.
Finally, we are dedicated to providing the American consumer with a secure supply of affordable transportation fuel produced in a safe and environmentally responsible manner. In 2014, both the Tulsa and Woods Cross Refineries received the American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers Association’s Meritorious Safety Performance Award. We are appreciative for the service and dedication of all of HollyFrontier’s 2,686 employees who work hard every day to ensure our business operations are conducted safely and reliably.
Sincerely,
MICHAEL C. JENNINGS
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
 3
