 2
HollyFrontier Corporation 2015 Annual Report
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
2015 was a year of transition and continuous improvement for HollyFrontier. We established and began executing a strategy to both improve our refining operations through reliability improvement initiatives, and enhance our gross margin and free cash generation through commercial optimization and opportunity capital investments. Our reported full-year operational results illustrate the initial benefits and execution of our business improvement plan.
We reported strong earnings driven by record refinery utilization rates and lower operating costs. We also made significant progress on key capital investment projects that are making our refining systems even stronger. We are confident that the actions we are taking will enable us to increase our competitive advantages and extend our lengthy track record of success to create further value for all HollyFrontier stockholders.
Solid Financial Results in a Volatile Market Environment
HollyFrontier’s financial results in 2015 reflect the inherent advantages of our refineries, our focus on operational execution and impact of the investments we are making to improve our refining capabilities, safety and reliability.
In 2015, we achieved:
• Net income attributable to HFC stockholders of $879 million (excluding the non-cash lower of cost or market “LOCM” adjustment);
• Gross refining margins of $16.07 per produced barrel;
• Operating cash flow of $980 million; and
• A sterling balance sheet with $211 million in cash and short-term investments as of December 31, 2015, and just $31 million in total debt (exclusive of HEP debt);
• Approximately $990 million in capital returned to shareholders.
We benefited from the growing demand for gasoline and strong margins through most of the year. The commodity price environment remains volatile and we are confident that our core motor fuels and specialty products will be highly demanded going forward. In addition, the actions we are taking to increase our core competitive advantages will position us to meet our mission of achieving superior sustainable financial performance and profitable growth.
Prudent Investments to Support Continued Growth
In 2015, we invested more than $600 million to enhance and expand our manufacturing operations, improve safety and reliability and minimize our environmental impact.
We are nearing completion on several components of
our large capital investment program. Going forward, our focus is on our opportunity capital program, where we will deploy small amounts of capital targeted at extract- ing more out of our existing refinery units. Combined,
we expect these large capital and opportunity capital investments will help us capture an annual average EBITDA opportunity of $365 million by 2018. Some of
the highlights of the capital projects from 2015 include:
• El Dorado Naphtha Fractionation: This project to increase yields by reducing byproducts such as fuel gas, propane and butane and reduce the benzene content of our gasoline pool was completed. Through it, we gained an additional 2,000 barrels per day of gasoline production. In September 2015, HollyFrontier dropped down the newly constructed naphtha fractionation and hydrogen generation units to our MLP affiliate Holly Energy Partners for consideration of approximately $62 million.
• Cheyenne Hydrogen Upgrade: At the Cheyenne Refinery, we completed installation of a new hydrogen plant in
the fourth quarter resulting in improved liquid yield and the ability to process higher volumes of advantaged heavy crude.
• Woods Cross Refinery Expansion: The initial phase of the Woods Cross expansion from 31,000 barrels per
day to 45,000 barrels per day is expected to be put into operation during the first quarter of 2016. Given the commodity price volatility which persisted through 2015, we elected to invest an incremental $20 million in this project to allow for greater crude slate flexibility.
• Opportunity Capital Program: Going forward, our focus is on our opportunity capital investment program targeting liquid yield improvement and debottlenecking opportunities. In 2016, work is scheduled at both our Tulsa and Cheyenne Refineries, where the catalytic cracking units will be modernized driving an improve- ment in liquid yield. Work is also underway to address bottlenecks at our El Dorado Refinery which we expect will increase crude capacity by 6,000 barrel per day
at minimal cost. Together we expect the opportunity capital investments identified to generate $200 million in annual EBITDA by the end of 2018.

 We are confident that through these investments, we are building a sustainable competitive advantage in our core petroleum refining business.
Our Business Plan
Looking ahead, we will continue to execute on our growth plan to create significant value for stockholders over the next three years. Through this plan, we expect to achieve $700 million in additional annual EBITDA. We will reach this EBITDA target by achieving what we believe to be very attainable goals, including:
• Running our refineries at the top quartile in operational availability, a measure of reliability;
• Creating sustainable growth in gross margin and free cash flow through opportunity capital investment and commercial optimization;
• Working within a cost structure that is in line with or better than relevant peers;
• Improving the use of our balance sheet and our syner- gistic relationship with our MLP affiliate Holly Energy Partners (HEP) to create value through capital structure; and we anticipate that additional asset dropdowns from HFC to HEP will be a value driver for both companies.
Continued Commitment to our Core Values
As we noted, 2015 was a year of transition, including our December announcement that George Damiris would be taking the reins as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer. George has been a key member of our leadership team since joining the company in 2007 and has 35 years of industry experience. George and the entire management team are committed to executing our strategic plan and maintaining the core values that underpin everything we do.
Chief among these values is the health and safety of our employees, contractors and communities. A key part of our reliability initiatives is continually increasing safety perfor- mance. To achieve that goal we are employing occupational
Michael C. Jennings
Executive Chairman
George J. Damiris
Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
and process safety management teams, upgrading safety systems and enhancing maintenance programs. In 2015, our employee recordable injury rate decreased by 20% and our process safety Tier 1 incident rate decreased by 26% over the previous year.
We are thankful for our 2,700 dedicated employees who are truly the backbone of our success and who will enable us to continue to maintain safe, responsible and reliable operations.
Looking Ahead
We are excited about the opportunities in front of HollyFrontier. We look forward to creating value day by day, investing in our future growth and positioning the company for long-term success.
Thank you for your investment in HollyFrontier. Sincerely,
George J. Damiris
Chief Executive Officer, President and Director and
Michael C. Jennings
Executive Chairman
  3
