Dear Fellow Shareholders,

I

write this letter with a great deal of pride in our accomplishments during 2003 and with optimism -- built on an objective assessment of our business outlook--for the future of our company. We served our customers well last year. Thanks to the trust they placed in us, we prospered. Our diversified business model, industry-leading distribution platform, innovative product enhancements, customer-focused service and claim management, and disciplined underwriting and risk management enabled our success. The financial results you will read about in this report show that we emerged from 2003 stronger and even better prepared than we were a year ago to continue to prosper in the future. But what really excites me is the story behind the numbers. Inside this report you will meet many of the customers, business partners and employees who made this eventful year in our history such a successful one. Their real-life experiences represent the human element behind our financial statements and inspire us to work even harder on their behalf -- and yours -- in the years ahead. Reaffirming our mission The Hartford's mission is to protect the lives and property of our business and individual customers and to help them grow and enhance their wealth. We embrace this responsibility because we know that our success will nourish our customers' retirement dreams and help them create a better future for themselves, their children and grandchildren. For almost 200 years, The Hartford has built an increasingly valuable franchise, grounded in a solid financial foundation and committed to doing right by our shareholders, customers and employees. The last several years, however, have tested us. We encountered equity market volatility, credit losses, capital challenges and the lingering and financially draining issue of asbestos. In 2003, we dealt with each of these challenges head-on, and we emerged financially stronger and better positioned to take advantage of future opportunities. Analysts, investors and ratings agencies noticed. We maintained our financial strength ratings, and our stock price went up. Positioning The Hartford for long-term growth, financial strength and stability had short-term consequences. We posted a net loss for the year. However, this masks very sound execution in all of our ongoing businesses. Not including our first quarter increase to asbestos reserves, net income rose 61 percent to $1.6 billion. Net income was split almost equally between our property-casualty and life operations. This balance positions us well in today's ever-changing market environment. We are well positioned to build on our core of financial strength and stability, and we are committed to creating long-lasting value. The opportunities the future presents give our mission increased relevance. Property-casualty -- strengthening our businesses and our partnerships Last year our property-casualty operations took three decisive actions to advance The Hartford's competitive position. First, we increased the focus on our core property-casualty businesses where we have consistent performance, scale or competitive advantage. We executed well in these businesses. Our 17,000 property-casualty employees kept their eyes on our partners and customers.

Ten

The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.

Ramani Ayer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Second, we exited the assumed property-casualty reinsurance business. While the HartRe team did a tremendous job of restoring the returns in our current reinsurance book, we were a small player in this business. Our scale did not justify the capital investment required to compete effectively. Third, we took aggressive action to reduce our cost structure to make our core businesses more competitive. Our expense ratio was 1.5 points better than in 2002. Those actions, combined with business initiatives designed to succeed in our ever-changing environment, set the stage for a successful year. Our team's collective efforts resulted in strong property-casualty results. We increased net income before the impact of the reserve action and net realized capital gains 41 percent to $725 million. As we focus on our core businesses, giving agents great products for their customers and making it easier to sell them continue to be critical priorities for us. From 1987 to 2002 the number of property-casualty agencies in the United States declined by 25 percent, while agency size grew. Studies have shown that agents give 80 percent of their business to the top three insurance companies they work with. Our agent strategy is geared to making us our agents' number-one insurance carrier. Agents have told us their top carriers are companies who are easy to do business with. In 2003 we intensified our focus on our agent and broker partners. Our strategy has three primary objectives: The first is to provide local market knowledge and professional sales support so agents can confidently sell (and cross-sell) both business and personal insurance. The second is to standardize our sales and service practices so regional and national agencies have the same positive experience with The Hartford, no matter where they do business with us. The third is to continuously develop and introduce new products and other innovations to extend our market reach. Agents and brokers want to build partnerships with financially stable companies, and they look for partners who stay on top of their customers' ever-evolving needs. The best reassurance we can give customers is to be there when they need us.

2003 Annual Report

Eleven

Our commercial insurance business showcases our forward-looking approach. Agents, brokers and customers tell us they like our service-delivery model, the technology platforms that enable them to do business with us easily, and our comprehensive products. Our performance in these areas has made us a recognized leader in the business insurance segment, where new business growth totaled 17 percent last year. Spectrum Xpand, which we introduced in 2003, adds more fuel to our business insurance product portfolio. This easy-to-write business owner's policy features enhanced coverages and customized limits for larger small businesses. As today's small businesses grow and move into workspaces with higher property values, and as they record higher annual sales and hire more employees, we are ready to provide for their evolving insurance needs. During the year we introduced more agents to our Electronic Business Center. This is an online resource agents can use to produce the customized, competitively priced policies customers demand -- and do it fast. Using our Electronic Business Center is like ordering a car online with all the custom features you want, getting the best price possible and having it delivered to your garage within days. Personal lines insurance is another part of the property-casualty business where we have recognized expertise. Through our partnership with AARP we are the recommended insurance provider to the nation's over-50 market. For customers under 50, or for those who prefer to buy auto insurance through agents, we designed a product that better reflects their individual driving characteristics. The essence of Dimensions Auto, now available in 34 states, is an analytical model that matches premium levels more precisely to driving habits and the probability of claims. Furthermore, it allows us to expand our targeted customer range. Dimensions Auto is easy for agents to use, and we know it works. This product was largely responsible for a 250 percent jump in new auto policy sales among agents in states where the product was available. With that success under our belt, we launched Dimensions Homeowners in early 2004. Dimensions Homeowners uses the same methodology as Dimensions Auto to produce more accurate homeowners insurance rates. And it gives independent agents an opportunity to offer the full complement of The Hartford's personal insurance products to more customers. All in all, from small businesses to large businesses to personal insurance, we had an impressive year in 2003 in our property-casualty operations and are set up to continue to see positive results in the years to come. Life operations -- multiple growth engines Every seven minutes a U.S. adult turns 50. They need to fund college educations, prepare for retirement and ensure that their assets are passed along according to their wishes. They want to maintain their high standards of living throughout their retirement years. Having weathered the economic and market downturn, they are approaching retirement planning with a new sense of caution. They recognize that they need professional advice and reliable investment products. In 2003 our life operations met baby boomers' needs head-on, and they bought our products in record numbers. Net income for our life operations increased 38 percent to $769 million. We reported record-breaking variable annuity sales of $15.7 billion in 2003, a 51 percent increase over 2002, because we offered a product with a principal guarantee. It is specifically designed to meet boomers' heightened awareness of the need to protect, as well as grow, their retirement income. To allow us to protect our financial strength while bringing forward this valuable product innovation, The Hartford, as always, implemented prudent risk management. We have taken what we know about selling variable annuities in the United States and applied it to Japan. We are the number-one seller of variable annuities in both countries. After just three years in the Japanese market, we are profitable. We now manage $6.2 billion in assets there. We also had record 401(k) and institutional sales in 2003. Customers who want to create a better future are building their retirement savings, and demographic trends suggest they'll be doing that for years to come. With the largest concentration of baby boomers turning 60 between 2012 and 2015, the potential market for our retirement products will double between now and then.

Twelve

The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.

This trend holds tremendous promise for The Hartford, and we are developing cutting-edge products that help create a secure future for our customers. To meet aging boomers' demand for a broader range of life insurance choices, we introduced a new suite of life insurance products. We also improved our sales execution. Customers responded, and we ended the year with two sequential quarters of life insurance sales growth. Mutual funds are also growing. They're natural complements to our variable annuity and individual life insurance businesses because they enable distributors to diversify their customers' investment portfolios within The Hartford family. We started selling retail mutual funds in 1996 with eight funds. We now offer distributors 34 retail mutual funds and manage more than $20 billion in mutual fund assets. Eighty-four percent of our funds are rated in the first or second quartile of their Lipper peer groups for investment performance. Our presence among the top 20 U.S. fund companies shows the strength of The Hartford brand, especially when you consider that many of our competitors have been in the mutual fund business for more than 50 years. In 2003 we laid the groundwork to intensify our mutual fund focus. We are broadening our distribution, introducing new product offerings and creating excitement behind our portfolio through effective marketing. Our life operations closed the year with an acquisition that reaffirms our commitment to our profitable group benefits business. Our customers recognize that group benefits are an affordable way to protect their income as part of a holistic financial plan. The addition of CNA's group benefits business will give us improved expense leverage and improved earnings. The Hartford now is the number two provider of group disability for America's workplaces. Creating the future We're always thinking ahead, but we never lose sight of what makes us strong today: a diversified, strong and balanced portfolio of businesses. Think of high-achieving small to medium-size business owners who need property-casualty insurance, 401(k) plans and group life and disability products. As individuals, they need life insurance, college-savings plans and retirement and estate planning. Now make a list of strong, customer-focused companies with nearly 200 years of experience who can provide all those products and services. It's a very short list. Our breadth of products and services and our strong financial position are what distinguish The Hartford. Customers and distributors want to put their trust in companies who they know will be there for the long term, who understand what they need, who operate with the utmost honesty and integrity and who constantly improve to deliver extraordinary service. We've been doing these things for nearly two centuries, and we're doing them better than ever today as we position The Hartford for the future. Our leadership team believes strongly in our mission to protect customers today and to help them create a more secure, fulfilling future for their families. That's why we have one of the most highly regarded management teams in this industry. I'm deeply grateful to The Hartford's leaders and to the thousands of dedicated employees who are creating the future for this company. I also thank our business partners, our board of directors and, most of all, our customers for their continued support and trust. We look forward to earning your trust for many years to come. Sincerely,

Ramani Ayer Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

2003 Annual Report

Thirteen

