what matters most

financial strength

ramani ayer, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer

Dear Shareholders:

I

'm proud to report that, by many standards, 2005 was a watershed year in The Hartford's long and eventful history. The Hartford celebrated its 10th anniversary as a publicly held company in 2005, and the company's performance over that 10-year period tells a powerful story: A longtime property and casualty insurer transforms itself into a diversified Fortune 100 financial services company, emerging as a market leader in insurance protection and investment products. How did The Hartford make this transformation? The company executed three key strategies: First, we repositioned our property and casualty businesses by focusing on a core set of markets where we have distinctive competencies and competitive advantages. As a result, we've begun to generate strong results by building scale and pricing efficiencies while exercising financial discipline. Second, we dramatically expanded our traditional life insurance operations and built market-leading positions in asset protection and wealth management businesses.

Net income

$2.3 billion

These relatively new operations have grown to generate about half of The Hartford's earnings and have achieved superior returns while increasing the diversity of our business platform across customer segments and geographic markets. Third, we managed our capital to maximize business investment opportunities and ensure consistent dividend growth while achieving strong growth in book value per share. The numbers for the decade and 2005 are compelling: The Hartford's shareholders have been well rewarded over the past 10 years with a 16 percent annualized total return, exceeding the S&P 500 return of 9.1 percent. Our book value per share has steadily increased at an average of more than 10 percent per year over the same period. And we have doubled the size of our total annual dividend in the past decade, from 80 cents to the current level of $1.60 per share. In 2005, revenues were $27.1 billion, up 19 percent over the previous year, and net income was a record $2.3 billion.

the hartford annual report 2005

Our small business property and casualty insurance is a market leader in the U.S., serving more than 755,000 small business customers.

Assets under management grew 11 percent from 2004, to $323 billion. Book value per share* improved 16 percent from 2004, to $50.41. Our net income return on equity exceeded 15 percent for the year. Wall Street responded in 2005 to The Hartford's growing success. Throughout the last quarter of the year, our share price traded at or near all-time highs and closed at a historic year-end high. Our strong credit ratings reflect consistent revenue streams, vigorous expense management, growing assets under management, and a strong balance sheet with greater financial flexibility. In other words, after 10 years as a publicly traded company, The Hartford is strong and growing stronger. How will The Hartford define the next 10 years? We will build market leadership by helping established and new customers succeed in two ways: by protecting their income and property and by growing their wealth.
Protecting Your Property and Income

Assets under management

Historically, the property and casualty insurance industry has been marked by cyclical markets. The Hartford, however, has made several strategic changes in the past decade that will help us maintain margins and sustain profitable growth in targeted markets. For The Hartford in the past decade, this meant getting out of businesses and markets not central to our core competencies; we exited reinsurance, crop insurance, and European property and casualty operations, to name a few. And it meant investing in the distinctive expertise and competitive advantages The Hartford had developed in property and casualty insurance for small and mid-sized businesses, and auto and home insurance for individuals and families. We also worked diligently to manage losses and contain costs while exercising disciplined underwriting. Smart business

$323 billion

for us means pursuing growth that is profitable and sustainable. Through this growing financial strength, we remain better positioned to take advantage of new business opportunities. This strategy has led to strong results. Despite competitive market conditions, total written premium in our property-casualty operations­personal, business, and specialty insurance­increased 5 percent to a record $10.5 billion. Core earnings also set a new record, topping $1.2 billion, a 46 percent increase from 2004. The Hartford's business insurance platform has earned an excellent reputation in the industry, with more than $5 billion in written premium in 2005, a 9 percent increase from 2004. Our small business property and casualty insurance is a market leader in the United States, serving more than 755,000 small business customers. In 2005, small business insurance written premium topped $2.5 billion, a 13 percent increase over the prior year. In the past two years, The Hartford has developed solutions that grow with our business customers. We have expanded our reach to the upper end of the small business market to businesses with revenues of $5 million to $15 million­a market that represents more than $20 billion in potential sales. This effort has begun to realize solid results. In 2005, more than a third of the $290 million increase in small business insurance written premium was generated from this market. A similar strategy has shaped The Hartford's personal lines insurance business, where competition is intensifying. The Hartford sells auto and homeowners insurance through independent agents and directly to members of AARP, a nationally known customer-affinity group and the largest association of people 50 years or older in the United States.

* Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income. Please see the "non-GAAP financial measures" footnote, page 30.

2

the hartford annual report 2005

Our future growth in asset protection and wealth management will be driven by 78 million American baby boomers seeking retirement income solutions.

The Hartford has been AARP's exclusive provider for more than 20 years. Over the past 10 years, The Hartford has been looking for ways to increase auto and homeowners insurance sales, while providing excellent service and maintaining underwriting discipline. With "Dimensions," a new personal insurance product rolled out across the United States in 2004 and 2005, The Hartford fine-tuned its pricing precision, adding greater segmentation across the spectrum of personal lines insurance and enabling greater reach into more market segments. The results have been encouraging. Sales of standard personal insurance through independent agencies saw strong growth in 2005, with an 8 percent increase over 2004. Direct sales of home and auto insurance to many of the 35 million members of AARP have increased 6 percent from 2004. In 2005, our total written premium in personal lines insurance topped $3.6 billion. Rounding out The Hartford's portfolio of protection products for small and large businesses is our group disability, life, and accident insurance operations. The Hartford's franchise in group benefits has grown significantly in recent years. Strong organic growth received a boost from the acquisition of CNA's group insurance lines in 2003, helping The Hartford become the No. 2 provider of group disability insurance and the No. 6 provider of group life insurance in the United States.* Our superior risk management and customer service have resulted in sales to small businesses as well as Fortune 100 companies. As businesses across the United States offer employees more choice in benefits and group insurance, The Hartford is poised to adapt its model to capture even more opportunities to serve customers in their workplace.

The results for 2005 were very strong: Fully insured group benefits sales were $779 million, up 23 percent over 2004, and full-year net income was up 19 percent, to $272 million. Ongoing premiums climbed 4 percent to $3.7 billion.
Protecting and Building Your Wealth

Net income return on equity

15.4%

Our future growth in asset protection and wealth management will be driven by a large segment of the population­78 million aging baby boomers seeking retirement income solutions in the United States. A similar demographic dynamic is under way in other large, developed countries around the world. Traditional employer-provided pension plans and Social Security may not be enough to support a retirement that could last 30 years or more. Some retirees will spend as many years in retirement as they did working. Coupled with increased life expectancies, there's a very real chance that many retirees will outlive their retirement incomes. In the past decade or so, The Hartford has listened closely to its customers, especially aging boomers, to offer the right product mix to meet their investment needs. The variable annuity, with investment options linked to equity markets, has been very popular. As a result, The Hartford has been a market leader in U.S. sales of retail variable annuities since 1993. In recent years, we've seen an increasingly challenging domestic marketplace for sales of variable annuities. But The Hartford has a reputation for meeting customers' needs and being quick to market with annuity innovations. In late 2005, we launched Lifetime Income Builder, an annuity benefit that guarantees income for the life of the customer. This product is hitting the marketplace just as the first baby boomers are reaching their retirement years. This increasing demand,

* June 2005 Life Insurance and Marketing Research Association survey.

the hartford annual report 2005

3

In Japan, annuity assets under management reached $26.1 billion at year-end, a 78 percent increase over the prior year.

coupled with our large, dedicated wholesale organization, has helped generate significant variable annuity market share in all of our distribution channels. Variable annuity assets under management finished 2005 at an all-time high of $105 billion. Overall, net income for individual annuities topped $618 million in 2005. In the past decade, The Hartford has proven very successful at leveraging our growing scale and strength in distribution and service to enter new businesses. Building upon our successful annuity platform­known in the industry for its low cost structure ­we developed U.S.-based 401(k) and mutual fund businesses and expanded into international markets. When The Hartford entered the competitive 401(k) market, we focused on small business customers, a segment we could access through our existing relationships with more than 75,000 financial advisors. We expanded the number of our retirement plan administration specialists across the nation and, combined with our wholesale team, we now have one of the largest sales forces in the retirement plan industry. We also support small and mid-sized companysponsored retirement plans by offering employers the option of having full program administration handled by The Hartford. Our customer service has been distinctive in this segment. In a recent ranking of major 401(k) providers by PLANSPONSOR magazine, The Hartford earned "Best in Class" in two categories ­the "micro plan market" and "small plan market." Our passion for serving customers has led to strong results. In 2005, our 401(k) sales and deposits grew to a record $3.2 billion, up 31percent from 2004. In our mutual fund business, we have built upon our existing annuity distribution system to create a dedicated

Worldwide

No.1

variable annuity sales*

wholesale team to market our fund family to financial advisors. Given the diverse needs of a demographic as large as baby boomers, The Hartford offers mutual funds with a range of risk and return profiles, from money market and bond funds to asset allocation and high-growth funds. Overall, our results were strong, especially as equity markets strengthened in 2005. Retail mutual fund sales and deposits were $5.8 billion in 2005, and assets under management in retail mutual funds ended 2005 at $29 billion, up 15 percent from 2004. In recent years, The Hartford has also learned that its annuity platform transfers well to select international markets. In Japan, the world's second-largest economy, an aging population and nearly 15 years of underperforming equity markets have left an entire generation vulnerable to a retirement savings shortfall. As a result, the country has a growing appetite for supplemental retirement solutions. After introducing our first variable annuity there in 2000, The Hartford is now the leading provider of variable annuities in Japan, with 31 percent market share, nearly double the market's No. 2 provider. Recently, we introduced a new variable annuity product that has a monthly income feature popular with customers closer to retirement. Our total annuity sales in Japan in 2005 topped $11.9 billion, a 53 percent increase over 2004. Annuity assets under management reached $26.1 billion at year-end, a 78 percent increase over the prior year. The Hartford's international expansion continued in 2005, when we launched sales of investment and retirement savings products in the United Kingdom. In addition to wealth management products, The Hartford also offers its customers a range of asset protection products.

* DataMonitor, 2004.

4

the hartford annual report 2005

In the United States, The Hartford is the second-largest seller of variable universal life insurance.

Our individual life insurance products provide solutions for a variety of customer needs ­liquidity for estate taxes, income replacement for families, protection and tax-preferred benefits for small businesses, and more. The Hartford has long been a leader in sales of variable life insurance, a type of life insurance that provides savings by investing a customer's premiums in investment funds. Overall, our growth in individual life insurance has outpaced an industry that has been relatively flat. Our success in this challenging marketplace is the result of a distinctive distribution and product mix. For instance, our dedicated sales force is the largest in the industry focused on financial advisors, and we are ranked No. 1 in U.S. stockbroker and bank sales. Today, we are the second-largest seller of variable  universal life insurance in the United States.* In 2005, we reached a record $250 million in total sales and $166 million in net income. Total individual life insurance in force rose 8 percent for 2005, to $151 billion.
Managing for the Unexpected

Book value per share improved

16%

to $50.41

The goal for any company, especially those in financial services, is to grow profitably while managing risk and planning for the unexpected. As I have suggested, the past decade in which we've been a publicly traded company has been a remarkably challenging period for managing risk, especially as risks have become more interrelated with the increase of terrorism threats, natural disasters, and equity market volatility. The risk landscape for The Hartford is as diverse as its business platform. More than ever before, we must exercise financial and operational discipline even as we manage change and protect ourselves from the unexpected.

In the past decade, and especially the past five years, The Hartford has devoted significant resources, people, and mind-share to a number of initiatives that address enterprisewide risk management. We've appointed a senior risk officer to engage all of our business segments and product lines and calculate correlated risk across the company. We continue to exercise disciplined capital management, recognizing the inherent volatility and cyclical nature of markets and economies. And, we are fostering public-private partnerships to address complex issues such as asbestos tort reform and terrorism preparedness. Managing the risks related to the wave of asbestos claims of recent years is a significant challenge to our industry. More than $70 billion in claims have been paid to date, and more than half of the money­about 59 cents of every dollar­has gone to lawyers and legal costs. It is estimated that $200 billion will be paid in claims dating from 2002 to well into the future. More than 75 major U.S. companies have been driven into bankruptcy as a result. The Hartford supports litigation reform that not only provides fair and quick compensation to workers and others who are ill, but also introduces certainty and finality to defendants' and insurers' asbestos exposure. We have opposed the trust fund legislation recently proposed in the U.S. Congress because it does not achieve either of these objectives. The Hartford is committed to working with other insurers and businesses to develop state and federal solutions that effectively address this national issue. The world's increased terrorism risk also requires a public-private solution that leverages the strengths of private markets and public institutions to safeguard the vitality of our economy.

* 4th Quarter 2005 Results, Tillinghast VALUE (Variable Annuity and Life User Exchange) Variable Life Sales Survey.  Excluding accumulated other comprehensive income. Please see the "non-GAAP financial measures" footnote, page 30.

the hartford annual report 2005

5

A commitment to the best interests of our customers and shareholders continues to guide our people and make our company strong.

In the United States, the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, or TRIA, was enacted in 2002 and, in 2005, extended for two more years. We applaud this extension, as it allows insurers such as The Hartford to manage terrorism risk in partnership with the federal government. We look forward to working on a permanent public-private solution that can serve as the nation's economic backstop for this long-term peril. Even with the best-laid plans for growth and risk management, The Hartford still faces a marketplace increasingly shaped by unanticipated events and a changing industry landscape. Paramount, of course, is preserving The Hartford's reputation for integrity. Nothing matters more to us, as trust is embedded in every product we sell. In the past year, The Hartford has cooperated with regulators to work toward the resolution of matters related to some of our business practices. We will continue to work with regulators to resolve any remaining issues. We are unwavering in our commitment to integrity. In 2005, to strengthen The Hartford's ability to deliver openly and consistently, we've enhanced our compliance efforts in several ways and, in 2006, we will do more on this front. Why? Because integrity at The Hartford means no shortcuts, no excuses. A commitment to the best interests of our customers and shareholders continues to guide our people and make our company strong.
A Passion for Service

Property and Casualty core earnings

$1.2 billion

46% increase from 2004

Across the company, The Hartford's strong business performance is linked directly to one of our key values­customer focus. Every day, the 30,000 employees of The Hartford execute with an attention to detail and a passion for superior customer service. The Hartford's nearly 200-year history is highlighted

by service standards that are legendary. In the past decade or so, The Hartford's superior customer service has moved the company and its products to stand out amid intense competition. In 2005, The Hartford won DALBAR Service Awards for customer service excellence in support of our annuities, life insurance, mutual funds, and retirement plans. And, in 2005, the excellence of our auto and homeowners insurance call center was acknowledged with a prestigious J.D. Power and Associates* certification, the first such designation awarded to a property and casualty insurance company in the United States. The Hartford's long tradition of customer service has stood up to remarkable challenges in recent years, including three catastrophic hurricanes­Katrina, Rita, and Wilma­in the southeast United States in 2005. I take personal pride in  the way the dedicated employees of The Hartford met these natural disasters head-on, making a difference in the lives of so many hurricane victims. In addition to servicing nearly 14,000 claims for Katrina victims alone­ with gross insured losses estimated at $493 million for our customers­ The Hartford and its employees donated more than $1 million in cash and resources to natural disaster relief efforts in 2005. This commitment to serving our customers, as well as being good corporate partners, grows stronger every year among The Hartford's employees. As a company, we invest in the neighborhoods in which we work and live, focusing on education as our top philanthropic priority. Other priorities include individuals with disabilities, arts and culture, and community and economic development. In 2005, The Hartford provided more than $5 million and 75,000 volunteer hours in support of these efforts.

* For J.D. Power and Associates Certified Call Center Program SM information, visit www.jdpower.com or call 1-866-842-7548.  Please see the "non-GAAP financial measures" footnote, page 30.

6

the hartford annual report 2005

the hartford is led by Ramani
Ayer, shown here third from left, with his

leadership team, pictured

from left: Neal Wolin, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; David Znamierowski, President, Hartford Investment Management Company; Ann de Raismes, Executive Vice President, Human Resources; Thomas Marra, President and Chief Operating Officer, Life Operations; David Johnson, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and David Zwiener, President and Chief Operating Officer, Property and Casualty Operations.

Looking to 2006 and Beyond

The story of The Hartford in 2005 is a compelling one. It documents a company that has strengthened its balance sheet, sharpened the focus of its business model, pushed for better execution across and within every business segment, and learned to manage correlated risks in a more interconnected global marketplace. Going forward, we remain focused on profitable and sustainable growth. As I have noted, we will be increasing our small business and personal lines insurance sales while exercising disciplined underwriting and building scale and pricing efficiencies. And we expect to capture a larger share of the expanding retirement income market for baby boomers through increased sales of lifetime income products and other asset protection and wealth management solutions. Just as we have in the past decade, we will deliver on our business goals for the next decade by anticipating and meeting the needs of our customers and distributors. We will raise our already award-winning standards in service and, with healthy investments in technology and distribution, we will increase the ease and speed of doing business with us. At the same time, we will keep an eye on expense and resource management, where we can always improve.

Our customers and shareholders deserve to have high expectations of The Hartford. Indeed, we have high expectations as well. As we face the challenges that come from a world of unprecedented change, we also see a world of opportunities. In 2006 and beyond, we expect to build on the benchmark achievements of 2005, the success of a historic decade as a publicly traded company, and the success as an enduring American and international enterprise nearing its 200th birthday. My confidence in the future of this company has never been stronger. In closing, I want to thank the employees, business partners, shareholders, Board of Directors, and loyal customers of The Hartford. Your continued trust in the company and my leadership team is gratifying. Sincerely,

Ramani Ayer Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer

Metrics in highlighted boxes are as of December 31, 2005, or for the year ended December 31, 2005, as applicable.

the hartford annual report 2005

7

