 WE ARE COMMITTED TO
CREATING LONG-TERM VALUE
 C. Michael Petters and Thomas B. Fargo
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND COMMUNITIES:
                                  At Huntington Ingalls Industries, we refer
to our obligations as “commitments.” We’re committed to you: our shareholders, employees, customers and communities. We’re committed to safety, quality, cost and schedule. And in this annual report, you will read about our commitment to retiring risk, improving performance and expanding our presence
in the energy, oil and gas markets where we believe
we can create value. We build ships that will serve our nation for half a century, we’re making investments in our facilities and our workforce that will benefit future
PAGE HUNTINGTON INGALLS INDUSTRIES
02
generations of employees, and we’re expanding our business portfolio—all critical elements of another important commitment: creating long-term value.
In 2014 we made significant progress in two very important strategic initiatives: our efforts to leverage
the hot production line at our Ingalls Shipbuilding division to get the 12th San Antonio-class amphibious transport dock (LPD 28) funded and to garner support aimed at advancing the construction of the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy (CVN 79), the second ship in the Gerald R. Ford

 class. We still have challenges on both fronts to get to the finish line, but there is solid Congressional support for the funding of LPD 28, and we signed a $1.3 billion bridge contract for CVN 79. Success in these two initiatives is critical to HII’s future.
We’re also pleased to report that we continued to improve our operating margin in 2014, and we are on track to achieve our goal of 9-plus percent operating margin in 2015. We also opened up new channels that leverage our engineering and program management competencies in the energy, oil and gas markets by acquiring The S.M. Stoller Corp. in January and UniversalPegasus International (UPI) in May. These acquisitions are part of a balanced cash deployment strategy that included increasing our quarterly cash dividend to $0.40 per share and our stock repurchase program to $600 million, further demonstrating our confidence in our future and our commitment to maximizing long-term value for all of our stakeholders.
In other areas, we strengthened our commitment to safety, elevating it to one of our Company Values, and we increased momentum in our benefits and wellness strategy. In what we consider to be the pinnacle of that strategy, we have contracted with a third-party vendor to open HII Family Health Centers in Virginia and Mississippi. Set to open in 2015, our goal is to make health care more accessible and encourage employees to take greater responsibility for their own health and wellness. Along those lines, we are also offering eligible employees
a convenient and low-cost telemedicine option for non-emergency medical care via phone, mobile app or online video, and we implemented an incentive program that encourages employees to live tobacco-free. We see these as investments in our workforce—and in the long-term future of our company.
While we invest in our employees, we are grateful to note that in turn, so many of them invest their time, talent and earnings back into their communities. In addition to company-sponsored events like the United Way campaign, regional food drives and American Red Cross blood drives, it’s heartening to know that HII employees are involved in hundreds of activities that help those less
fortunate and make the places where we do business places where people want to live.
We are proud of our accomplishments in 2014. Whatever challenges we may face in 2015 and beyond, we will confront them head-on by living our Company Values— Integrity, Safety, Honesty, Engagement, Responsibility and Performance—and always standing firm on our foundation of ethics and compliance.
Thank you for your interest and investment in HII and for supporting our commitments.
Sincerely,
ADM. THOMAS B. FARGO
U.S. Navy (Ret.)
Chairman of the Board
C. MICHAEL PETTERS
President and CEO
OUR VALUES
INTEGRITY SAFETY HONESTY ENGAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITY PERFORMANCE
    2014 ANNUAL REPORT PAGE
03
