P 02
To our customers, employees and shareholders:
 At Huntington Ingalls Industries (HII), our goal is to create value for our customers, employees and shareholders. Since March 31, 2011, when we were spun off as an independent, publicly traded company, we have been focused on execution, retiring risk, driving improved performance and margins at Ingalls Shipbuilding, improving performance and maintaining stability at Newport News Shipbuilding (NNS), and ensuring that a strategic decision regarding Avondale is executed in the best manner possible.
We’re pleased to say that we made significant progress in these areas in 2012 and continue on the path to accomplishing 9-plus percent operating margins by 2015. We also announced our first quarterly stock dividend and a share repurchase program, part of our cash allocation strategy designed to maximize long- term value for all of our stakeholders.
PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT AND SHIPBUILDING MILESTONES
Operationally, we continued to retire risk in underperforming contracts at Ingalls. We delivered two of these, the amphibious transport docks Anchorage (LPD 23) and Arlington (LPD 24), and both ships performed well on trials and have received positive reviews from our customer. These deliveries, along with the delivery of San Diego (LPD 22) at the end of 2011, leave us with two more Ingalls ships to deliver in 2013—Somerset (LPD 25) and the amphibious assault ship America (LHA 6)—making it a year of inflection for us as we retire the balance of the risk we acknowledged when we began operating as HII in 2011.
We continued to make progress on the aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford in 2012, reaching 90 percent structural completion in December. Importantly, on this first carrier in a new class, we are seeing excellent progress in a large number of cost-reduction initiatives, and we continue to drive improved performance.
Also in 2012 we continued to meet and celebrate major shipbuilding milestones at Ingalls and Newport News. We launched and christened the aforementioned Somerset and America and also launched the Virginia- class submarine Minnesota (SSN 783), to be delivered this year. We delivered the composite deckhouse for the first-of-class Zumwalt destroyer (DDG 1000) and signed several major contracts valued at approximately $6 billion, including a $2.4 billion contract for the construction of the amphibious assault ship
Tripoli (LHA 7). We also made excellent progress on the refueling and complex overhaul (RCOH) on the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN 71), and we expect to redeliver this ship in 2013, enabling it to serve our country for another quarter-century.
THE DEFENSE SPENDING ENVIRONMENT AND OUR BUSINESS LANDSCAPE
While we continued our efforts to maximize the value of our two operating segments, it is clear in this time of defense budget uncertainty that the current Navy shipbuilding plan may impact HII’s ability to create the level of value we believe we need to achieve for our shareholders. Make no mistake: The Navy is and will continue to remain the foundation of our business portfolio. Yet we are slowly and prudently expanding into adjacent markets where we can leverage our unique expertise, facilities and highly trained workforce.
In 2012, we experienced some success in these efforts as we began the year with NNS assuming the maintenance services role at the U.S. Navy’s Kesselring Research and Development Site in West Milton, N.Y. We also signed a contract with The Shaw Group to fabricate nuclear power units at our Newport News Industrial (NNI) subsidiary, and we continued our very successful joint venture with Fluor and Honeywell at the Savannah River Nuclear Site (SRNS).
AVONDALE
In 2012 we also made the important decision to vigorously market Avondale as an engineering and manufacturing provider in the energy infrastructure industry. Anticipated growth in the demand for this kind of manufacturing aligns Avondale with this market because of its 75-year legacy of excellence, unique facilities, a highly skilled workforce and technical expertise. We can scale our entrance into this market and assess our competitiveness on a smaller scale before moving on to larger, more complex products. Although Avondale’s recent focus has been primarily on Navy shipbuilding, it has a history of success
in diverse commercial markets. Our initial goal for Avondale is to be successful enough in this market to keep this facility open and its workforce employed. However, if we find we cannot be successful, we will have to close it.

 GIVING BACK
HII is strongly committed to enhancing the communities where we live and work. As a company and as individuals, we take an active role in supporting efforts to improve education to include science, technology, engineering and math in our schools. Linked to this are our efforts to improve the health of our communities and reduce the impact of poverty and hardship. In 2012, we collected thousands of pounds of non- perishables, and we donated millions of dollars to
the United Way, Special Olympics and other human services organizations, including the American Red Cross and the victims of Hurricane Sandy. Additionally, HII employees generously gave of their time and talent and volunteered thousands of hours in their respective communities.
CONTROLLING OUR OWN DESTINY
The challenge in 2013 is to continue raising the bar— and to do it in an era of shrinking defense budgets.
In addition to the all-important Somerset and America ship deliveries, we expect to begin multiple major aircraft carrier programs: the RCOH of Abraham Lincoln (CVN 72), the de-fueling and inactivation of the first nuclear-powered carrier, USS Enterprise (CVN 65), and we are planning to sign the construction contract for John F. Kennedy (CVN 79), the second ship in the Ford class. In 2013 we also expect a decision on the DDG 51 competition, and we anticipate we’ll get half of this program. These programs, along with ongoing
We have created a performance culture focused on safety, quality, cost and schedule, and we’re committed to providing the highest- quality ships and products at the lowest possible cost on or ahead of schedule, providing affordability for the customer and maximizing value for our shareholders.
left: C. Michael Petters, President and Chief Executive Officer right: Thomas B. Fargo, Chairman of the Board
carrier and submarine construction at Newport News and amphibious ship, destroyer and National Security Cutter construction at Ingalls, will make up our business base for the next several years.
In spite of federal budget challenges, we strongly believe the U.S. will always need a robust Navy, Marine Corps and Coast Guard and that no other defense contractor is better-positioned than HII to continue supporting their maritime missions. We have created a performance culture focused on safety, quality, cost and schedule, and we’re committed to providing the highest-quality ships and products at the lowest possible cost on or ahead of schedule, providing affordability for the customer and maximizing value for our shareholders. We are extremely proud of what our team of 37,000 employees accomplished last year, and we are confident we will continue to achieve our goals in 2013 and beyond.
Thank you for your support in 2012 and for your continued investment in HII.
Sincerely,
Adm. Thomas B. Fargo U.S. Navy (Ret.) Chairman of the Board
C. Michael Petters
President and CEO
P 03
    