     Thomas B. Fargo and C. Michael Petters
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND COMMUNITIES:
Whether you’ve been with Huntington Ingalls Industries since the beginning, March 31, 2011, or you joined us at some point in the last five years, you know we considered 2015 a year of inflection—in other words: a point of significant change. For our first five years, we told you that one of our primary goals was to reach 9-plus percent operating margin in our shipbuilding business by 2015. Thanks to our relentless focus on program execution and risk retirement, we are proud to report that we did exactly what we said we were going to do.
OUR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
We ended 2015 with $7.0 billion in sales and adjusted segment operating margin of 11.0 percent. Adjusted diluted earnings per share was $8.55 in 2015, compared to $6.65 in 2014, and cash provided by operating activities was $828 million in 2015, compared to $716 million in 2014.
New contract awards for the year were $7.6 billion, bringing total backlog as of Dec. 31, 2015, to $22.0 billion. We also ended the year by doubling our stock repurchase program to $1.2 billion and increasing our quarterly stock dividend to 50 cents per share.
OUR OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
In 2015, our Newport News Shipbuilding division delivered the Virginia-class submarine John Warner (SSN 785) to the U.S. Navy, and our Ingalls Shipbuilding division delivered the National Security Cutter James (WMSL 754) to the U.S. Coast Guard. Ingalls also christened John Finn (DDG 113)—the first ship in the re-start of the Arleigh Burke-class destroyer program—and the amphibious transport dock John P. Murtha (LPD 26).
Importantly, Newport News was awarded the $3.35 billion detail design and construction contract for the aircraft carrier John F. Kennedy (CVN 79), the second ship in the Gerald R. Ford class. Also of note: The Navy selected the San Antonio-
class (LPD 17) hull for its LX(R) amphibious ship program, and we were able to secure critical advanced procurement funding for LPD 28, which will serve as a bridge to the new program.
At the start of the year, we combined our Stoller and Newport News Nuclear operations into SN3, creating a “one-stop shop” for our nuclear operations and environmental services capabilities. We also acquired The Columbia Group’s Engineering Solutions Division—now our Undersea Solutions Group—positioning HII to have a role in the growing unmanned underwater vehicle market.
                                 2

    OUR VALUES
Integrity Safety
Honesty Engagement Responsibility
Performance
Despite solid performance in shipbuilding, our financial results were negatively impacted by the plummeting oil prices. However, we’ve used this challenging time to strengthen customer relationships at our UniversalPegasus International subsidiary, and we look forward to bringing its competencies to bear when the market rebounds.
OUR FUTURE
We’re proud of our success in our first five years and already executing on our plan for the next five—what we call “The Path to 2020.” This plan includes efforts to strengthen and protect our core shipbuilding business with nearly
$1.5 billion in generational capital investments aimed at making us more competitive, to optimize and expand our services portfolio by leveraging our deep technical services competencies and nuclear operations expertise, and to return substantially all free cash to shareholders with annual dividend increases of at least 10 percent and share repurchases.
While there is no future of our company that doesn’t have at its base Navy shipbuilding as our primary business, we believe we need to have a broad set of capabilities to continue creating long-term value. We are focusing on four markets: Department of Defense and Department of Homeland Security Shipbuilding, Government Services, Nuclear Operations and Environmental Services, and Oil and Gas.
Simply put: We’ve delivered on our 2011 spin-off commitments, and we’re confident we have a sustainable approach and proven management team in place for long-term value creation.
Our customers’ needs are always changing, but their goals aren’t. They defend our nation and protect our economic freedom. Our job is to support them. It’s a long-game proposition, and we believe no one is better positioned to do it than HII.
Thank you for your investment and interest in HII and for joining us on “The Path to 2020”—and beyond. Sincerely,
  Adm. Thomas B. Fargo
U.S. Navy (Ret.)
Chairman of the Board
C. Michael Petters
President and CEO
 HUNTINGTON INGALLS INDUSTRIES
3
