 2011 Annual Report
TO Our CuSTOMErS, EMPLOYEES
AND SHArEHOLDErS
left: Thomas B. Fargo, Chairman
right: C. Michael Petters, President and Chief Executive Officer
The opening highlight of 2011 was bringing Huntington Ingalls Industries (HII) to market as a “new” 125-year-old company. Equally exciting was our decision to bring back the legacy names of Newport News Shipbuilding and Ingalls Shipbuilding that form the foundation of HII. The pride our employees have in their association with these names is immense. Using the names of the historic shipyard founders in our company name (Collis P. Huntington, founder of Newport News Shipbuilding, and Robert I. Ingalls Sr., founder of Ingalls Shipbuilding) was our way of paying tribute to the tradi- tions of manufacturing excellence and the strong heritage established by both shipyards.
LEadERSHIP
Expectations were high from day one, and we are confident we have the right leadership team
in place, a team whose members have worked together since 2008 and who have more than
150 years of combined shipbuilding and manufacturing experience. We have assembled a strong and impressive Board of directors, an experienced and versatile group of individuals who have demonstrated expertise in areas critical to the success of our business and a publicly traded company. With a high level of interaction between the Board and senior management team, this kind of alignment will be invaluable to our success. all of these efforts, combined with our nearly 38,000 skilled and talented employees, enable us to focus on improving performance, creating value and achieving the full potential of the business for our customers, employees and shareholders.
a YEaR oF CHaLLENGES aNd aCComPLISHmENTS
We’re pleased to report that our first year as an independent, publicly traded company was very successful. on our second day as HII we signed a contract with the Navy valued at $1.5 billion for the amphibious transport dock LPd 26, the first of four new ship contracts and other significant
   Huntington ingalls industries 2

 awards that totaled $4.8 billion for the year. In 2011 we delivered three ships and one submarine (eight months early), began fabrication of the first submarine in the two-subs-per-year plan, and reached the 50 percent steel erection milestone on the first ship of the new class of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, Gerald R. Ford (CVN 78). also at Newport News, we are on track with the refueling complex overhaul of USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN 71) and won a key competitive contract supporting the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program at the Kesselring facility in New York. at Ingalls,
we made excellent progress in improving our quality and in the application of our class build plans. We were also awarded contracts for the destroyers John Finn (ddG 113) and Ralph Johnson (ddG 114), the first ships in the restart of the ddG 51 program—a program very important to our future success. and at the end of the year, we negotiated a contract extension with our union-eligible workforce at Ingalls. We remain on the path to consolidate our Gulf Coast operations in mississippi to better align our footprint with the Navy’s shipbuilding plans, while we continue to work with the State of Louisiana to seek redeployment opportunities in an effort to keep the thousands of talented avondale shipbuilders employed.
PRoGRESS IN oUR PERFoRmaNCE
a major focus for HII in 2011 was to retire risk in all of our programs and particularly at Ingalls. This focus will continue. as we have consistently said, our ability to improve margins is aligned with the ship deliveries of legacy underperforming contracts. We anticipate measurable margin improvement beginning in 2013 with the delivery of Somerset (LPd 25) and the amphibious assault ship America (LHa 6). Beyond 2013, we expect our margin expansion to accelerate as we leverage the benefits of serial production and work toward our 2015 goal of 9 percent returns.
a BRIGHT FUTURE
at HII, it is the people who count the most. We’re confident we have an exceptionally capable workforce and the right leadership team in place to take on the challenges of 2012 and beyond. although there is uncertainty in the defense budget environment, we do not anticipate any significant impact in the next three to five years as we work contracts that are already in place or that are currently being negotiated. This equates to business stability. and by leveraging the successes and experiences we gained in our first year, we believe HII is well-positioned to continue supporting the missions of the U.S. Navy and U.S. Coast Guard. our goal is to provide the highest-quality ships and products at the lowest possible cost on or ahead of schedule, objectives we believe will create substantial long-term value for our customers, employees and shareholders. This is a goal driven by an experienced leadership team, an engaged Board of directors and a highly skilled and dedicated workforce that is 38,000 strong.
Thank you for your support in 2011 and for your continued commitment to HII. Sincerely,
Adm. Thomas B. Fargo, U.S. Navy (Ret.) C. Michael Petters
Chairman of the Board President and CEO
  3 Huntington ingalls industries
