                   Christopher J. Nassetta
President & Chief Executive Officer
We set high expectations for what we could achieve in 2014, and are thrilled that we exceeded those expectations. The result is that we are the largest, best performing and fastest-growing major hospitality company in the world.
Our focus remains on creating value – through continued outperformance, building the foundation for future growth and executing on value enhancement opportunities.
Continued Outperformance
At our core, we are a business of people serving people, and our people are the foundation of our success. Our Team Members are connected by our performance-driven culture and an intense alignment around our key strategic priorities.
Year-Over-Year Room Growth
6% Rooms(1) 17% Pipeline Rooms
19% Rooms Under Construction
In my view, we have the best people in the business working with the best brands in the business. Together, they deliver industry-leading products and services to nearly 140 million guests a year. Connecting those brands is a world-class demand generation platform, including Digital, Sales, Revenue Management and our Hilton HHonors loyalty program –
all supporting an estimated $34 billion in system revenue.(2)
Our portfolio of brands consistently provides guests with exceptional experiences for largely every travel need they have anywhere in the world they want to be. This creates a “loyalty effect” that drives industry-leading global market share premiums that deliver more revenue and superior returns for all of our hotel owners. They in turn add more hotels to our system, resulting in our industry-leading growth.
Growing the fastest off the largest base of rooms allows
us to serve even more customers, accelerating the loyalty effect, increasing our market share and as a result, driving top line, bottom line and net unit growth outperformance.
FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS:
Our first full year as a public company has been remarkable by every measure.
  4
Hilton Worldwide 2014 Annual Report
(1) Of the Management and Franchise segment.
(2) System revenue includes estimated hotel revenues of Managed and Franchised properties in addition to revenue from properties owned and leased by Hilton.

                 Building for the Future
In laying the foundation for future growth, we also look to serve existing customers more often and attract new customers by adding new brands and by continuing to deploy existing brands in different regions around the world.
“Growing the fastest off the largest base of rooms allows us to serve even more customers, accelerating the loyalty effect, increasing our market share and as
a result, driving top line, bottom line and net unit growth outperformance.”
 In 2014, we successfully launched two new brands, both with a large base of signed deals. Curio – A Collection by Hilton includes hotels that not only retain their unique identity, but also deliver the many benefits of Hilton’s system. Canopy by Hilton debuted in October and is redefining the lifestyle segment by creating a more accessible lifestyle brand. In China, we opened our first Hilton Garden Inn and launched the Hampton by Hilton brand to add price point diversity and continue building a loyal customer base in this rapidly expanding market.
We also have leveraged our global scale, efficiently deploying technology platforms that give guests more of what they want – choice and control over their experiences. Our guests
Hilton Puerto Vallarta Resort
can now use a mobile device to check-in, select a room, request amenities and check-out at our properties worldwide. At year end, we had more than one million digital check-ins. Beginning in 2015, guests will also be able to use their smartphone as a room key, a service we plan to bring to
the entire global portfolio.
Additionally, we continue to
iconic real estate portfolio. We recently completed the sale of the Waldorf Astoria New York at a premium multiple and used the proceeds to acquire institutional quality assets in strong urban and resort markets at an attractive valuation. The Waldorf buyer has agreed to complete a major renovation to restore the property to its historic grandeur, and we will continue managing the property under a 100-year contract. In 2014, we also announced significant value-enhancement plans at the Hilton New York Midtown and Hilton Hawaiian Village.
Creating Value
unlock embedded value within our
Hilton Worldwide 2014 Annual Report 5

                 We continue to maximize value by minimizing the use of our balance sheet to grow. Our entire pipeline of 230,000 rooms, which is the largest in the industry, will be almost entirely funded by an estimated $40 to $50 billion of third-party owner investment. Moreover, our Timeshare segment is becoming increasingly capital efficient, with third-party developed timeshare intervals now comprising over 80% of our total inventory.
This capital light business model allows us to dedicate nearly all of our free cash flow to prepay debt and build equity value. In 2014 alone, we prepaid $1 billion of debt and are on track to reach our leverage goals ahead of schedule in the second half of 2015.
Looking Forward
I am extremely proud of our accomplishments in 2014 and think we are well positioned to deliver another great year in 2015.
Strong industry fundamentals look to continue in the near
to intermediate term, with solid demand growth paired with muted supply growth. This is supported by powerful long- term macro trends, with an expanding middle class expected to number five billion in 20 years fueling significant growth in global tourism. This combined with the under-penetration of
global rooms capacity in high-growth markets should continue to drive strong demand.*
Our job is to deliver more value than what the market
will deliver. Between our performance-based culture and our unique competitive advantages, I believe we are in an excellent position to continue increasing loyalty and market share, which should lead to top line, bottom line, margin and net unit growth outperformance – and ultimately build premium value for our stockholders.
On behalf of our exceptional Team Members around the world who fill the Earth with the light and warmth of hospitality every day, I thank you for continuing to return for more.
Sincerely,
Christopher J. Nassetta
President & Chief Executive Officer
         6
Hilton Worldwide 2014 Annual Report
Pictured (from left to right, and top to bottom): SLS Las Vegas Hotel & Casino, Curio Collection by Hilton; Canopy Portland | Pearl District lobby rendering; Hilton Haikou Meilan; The Grand Islander by Hilton Grand Vacations Club® (opening 2017); DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Agra.
*Source: STR, UNWTO, World Bank, OECD
