            Christopher J. Nassetta, President & Chief Executive Officer
ROOM GROWTH SINCE 2007(1)
37%
Rooms System-Wide
68%
Room Pipeline
144%
Rooms Under Construction
We outperformed our main competitors on the top line, bottom line and net unit growth in 2013.
(1) Represents data since 6/30/2007.
(2) RevPAR is hotel room revenue divided by room nights
available for guests.
(3) A reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income
attributable to Hilton stockholders can be found on page 95 of our Form 10-K included herein.
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Best Brand Portfolio in Hospitality
Tremendous Record of Growth
An Increasingly Capital Light Business Model
Iconic Real Estate Assets with Significant Embedded Value
Powerful Long-Term Macro Trends and Strong Current Fundamentals
This is what you will find at Hilton Worldwide today. Welcome.
For the past six years as a private company, we’ve been working hard to exceed the expectations of our guests, Team Members and hotel owners. Following our December initial public offering (IPO) – the largest ever in the hospitality industry – we’re once again a publicly traded company and excited about the opportunity to deliver exceptional value to shareholders. Our return marks a new chapter in Hilton’s long history – one that began in 1919 with Conrad Hilton’s first hotel and has evolved today into the most recognized name in global hospitality.
We’re off to a great start since our IPO, and I am happy to say we outperformed our main competitors on the top line, bottom line and net unit growth in 2013. Our performance was highlighted by a 5.2 percent increase in Revenue Per Available Room (RevPAR)(2) across the enterprise. In addition, our Adjusted EBITDA increased by 13 percent, to $2.21 billion(3) and we realized net unit growth of 4.5 percent in our Management and Franchise segment.
The Opportunity for Growth
Our ability to perform at this level is the result of a strategic transformation that began in 2007, following the acquisition of the company by Blackstone. We had a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to take a nearly 100-year-old company – once a clear leader in the hospitality industry – and return it to a leadership position. Many of the pieces were there, including a strong portfolio of brands and commercial engines, but these were neither optimized nor strategically aligned.
The first step we took was to align our organization around a common vision, mission, set of values and key strategic priorities. At the same time, we shifted to a more capital light business model that allowed us to grow with less capital investment and to focus on our global development strategy. Our work is ongoing, but six years later we’ve successfully transformed our business into a lean and unified organization with a performance-driven culture – one that we believe is positioned to outperform now and in the future.
   Hilton Worldwide 2013 Annual Report 1

 Putting Our Growth Plans
into Action
In the hospitality industry, scale and diversification matter. Today Hilton Worldwide has a global reach, with 4,115 properties and 678,630 rooms in 91 countries and territories. We have 10 distinct brands and scaled commercial engines that drive an
of that success has come from the strength of our 10 distinct brands, cov- ering all segments of the marketplace: luxury, full service, limited service and timeshare. This brand portfolio is a significant strategic advantage, offering diverse choices to meet customer needs in every major region and at every price point and service level.
 We have 10 distinct brands and scaled commercial engines that drive an industry-leading global RevPAR premium of 15 percent.
  Hilton Worldwide’s Ownership segment contains iconic properties such as the Waldorf Astoria New York (top), Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki Beach Resort (middle) and London Hilton on Park Lane (bottom).
industry-leading global RevPAR premium of 15 percent. Tying this all together is our award-winning Hilton HHonors Loyalty Program, with
40 million members who today make up 50 percent of our total system-wide occupancy.
Our goal is simple: to serve any customer, anywhere in the world, for any lodging need they have. By doing so, we drive customer loyalty, higher market share premiums and better returns for our hotel owners, which in turn drives faster net unit growth and premium returns for our stockholders.
Our strong brand portfolio and a strategic approach to how we deploy these brands globally allow us to grow our system in all regions and under all macroeconomic conditions. In fact, we’re already number one in global pipeline and number one in rooms under construction in every major region throughout the world. Much
Our strategy allows us to invest minimal amounts of capital in growing our Management and Franchise segment, while providing owners with a valuable platform of commercial services and development opportunities. We’ve grown this segment by over 180,000 rooms since 2007 – a 37 percent increase accomplished with a mere $47 million in capital investment.
We’re also increasing the profitability of our Ownership segment, which represents 37 percent of aggregate segment Adjusted EBITDA and includes iconic hotel and resort properties in cities like New York, London, São Paulo, Tokyo and Sydney. These assets not only promote Hilton as an industry leader, but also present opportunities to unlock significant embedded value. Among these opportunities are premium earnings growth driven
by revenue, cost management and value enhancement initiatives.
LEADING THE WORLD OF HOSPITALITY FOR NEARLY 100 YEARS
Conrad Hilton purchases first hotel in Cisco, TX
First Hilton opens in Dallas, TX
Hilton Hotels Corporation lists on NYSE
Hilton goes international with the opening of the Caribe Hilton
Hilton Introduces Hilton HHonors loyalty program
      1919 1925 1947 1949 1987
2 Hilton Worldwide 2013 Annual Report
     
 Finally, our Timeshare segment is achieving sales growth and margins that consistently outperform the com- petition and is becoming increasingly more capital efficient. At the end of 2013, our supply of third-party developed timeshare intervals was approximately 78 percent of total supply. By further expanding the capital efficiency of this business, as well as incrementally developing properties already on our balance sheet, we can continue to grow this business with minimal capital investment.
Benefitting From Strong
Industry Fundamentals
Industry trends are another catalyst allowing us to grow our system at a significant rate. Over the past 20 years, growth in global tourism – as mea- sured by tourist arrivals – has doubled and is forecast to double again over the next 20 years. A middle class that is expanding from 1 billion people globally in 1990 to a projected 5 billion in 2030 will help drive this growth.
At the same time, hotel rooms per capita in underserved markets like China and Brazil are a mere fraction of the levels seen in developed markets like the United States. On a near term basis, the supply and demand environ- ment in the business remains strong with healthy demand growth outpacing levels of supply growth that are still well below long-term averages. Taken together, these trends paint a picture of strong, sustainable growth for years to come and the outlook for our industry is as good as I’ve ever seen.
Traveling with Purpose
As we continue to grow around the world, so does our commitment to Corporate Responsibility – Travel with PurposeTM. Our Team Members and operations have a significant impact on the thousands of local communities in which we’re located – providing jobs, supporting local suppliers, protecting the environment and enhancing tourism. We become partners with each of these communities to help deliver a shared economic and social value that benefits all of our stakeholders.
Continuing Our Journey
From my vantage point, I see a company poised on the brink of a new era. We’ve better enabled our Team Members to deliver great guest experiences, while also delivering great results to our hotel owners and shareholders. We may be nearly 100 years old, but we plan to continue our legacy of innovation and firsts that transform the industry. We’re only in the initial stages of achieving our potential as the clear leader in hospitality.
I’m excited about our potential. To the more than 314,000 Hilton Worldwide Team Members who have helped us reach this point – thank you. And on all of their behalf, I welcome you to the future of Hilton Worldwide.
Hilton Hotels
Corporation
purchases Corporation
The Blackstone Group acquires Hilton Hotels Corporation, and appoints Christopher
J. Nassetta President & Chief Executive Officer
2007
Hilton Hotels Corporation becomes Hilton Worldwide and relocates to McLean, VA
2009
Promus Hotel Corporation
1999
reunites with Hilton International
2006
Hilton Hotels
Hilton returns to the public markets NYSE:HLT
2013
Sincerely,
Christopher J. Nassetta
President & Chief Executive Officer
Hilton Worldwide has been the fastest growing global hotel company since 2007 and opened its 4,000th hotel, Hilton Shijiazhuang, in the Hebei province of China in 2013.
Hilton Worldwide 2013
Annual Report 3
