 Our mission is to be the preeminent global hospitality company – the first choice of guests, team members and owners alike.
Christopher J. Nassetta
President & Chief Executive Officer
 FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
We are focused on industry-leading growth and performance.
Hilton Worldwide achieved record expansion and financial results in 2015, continuing to lead the industry as the largest, best-performing and fastest-growing hospitality company.
Our mission is to be the preeminent global hospitality company – the first choice of guests, team members and owners alike. In this report, we highlight how our competitive advantages of global scale and the best brand portfolio in the business work together to provide exceptional results and opportunities to each one of these key stakeholders.
 2015
Highlights 2 Hilton Worldwide
RevPAR
5.4%(1)
Adj. EBITDA margin
290 BPS(2)
Adj. EBITDA
13%
Net unit growth
6.6%(3)
    (1) Revenue Per Available Room (RevPAR) is hotel room revenue divided by room nights available for guests.
(2) Adjusted EBITDA Margin is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA divided by total revenues, excluding other revenues from Managed and Franchised properties. (3) Management and Franchise segment.
  
     Launch of our largest global marketing campaign ever.
   Focused Portfolio of Market-Leading Brands
Our 13 clearly defined, market-leading brands serve customers for practically any travel need across more than 100 countries and territories worldwide. That drives our market share premiums – the highest in the business – as we consistently provide our guests compelling products and services across price points and geographies.
Our brands operate at scale and, as a result, we have significant system resources we can use to drive demand. For example, we just launched our largest global marketing campaign ever, entitled “Stop Clicking Around,” highlighting for customers the benefits of joining Hilton HHonors and booking directly with Hilton. This includes offering HHonors members loyalty points of course, as well as preferential pricing, free Wi-Fi and the ability to check-in and choose their room online. Further innovation at scale such as Digital Keyless Entry capabilities are deploying to all our hotels globally. By broadly marketing these benefits, we hope
to drive growth of our preferred channels, including our industry-leading mobile app, which will increase our value proposition to our guests and owners.
Focused on Growth
When we drive leading investment returns to our hotel owners, they continue to invest in our system growth. In 2015, Hilton opened approximately 50,000 gross and 43,000 net rooms, representing 6.6 percent net unit growth in our managed and franchised segment and a nearly 20 percent increase versus 2014. This was accomplished with no meaningful capital expen- ditures or brand acquisitions on our part and included more than 14,000 rooms converted from competitors' brands and independent hotels.
We continue to grow our industry-leading pipeline, signing a Hilton record of over 100,000 rooms in the year for a total global development pipeline of 275,000 rooms, including rooms approved but not yet signed. More than half of our pipeline is already under construction and represents nearly one in five of all rooms under construction globally – more than any other hotel company.
Our market-leading growth is supercharged by new brands that bring new customers into our system and offer more opportunities for existing customers to stay with us. Since 2007, we have expanded by more than 50 percent and have successfully launched three new brands, Home2 Suites by Hilton, Curio – A Collection by Hilton and Canopy by Hilton, which collectively have over 60,000 rooms either open or in various stages of development.
Our goal is to win everywhere, and having a diverse portfolio of brands enables growth as markets ebb and flow. In China, for example, we signed more deals this year than last through our strategic deployment of focused service brands, which gives us incremental growth and builds market share. Through our strategic partnership with Plateno Hotels Group, one of China’s leading hospitality companies, we are launching more than 400 Hampton by Hilton properties to serve the increas- ing demand from China’s growing middle class.
Our growth rate in coming years will also benefit from our most recently launched midscale brand, Tru by Hilton. The brand's innovative design will appeal to a broad range of customers, particularly next-generation travelers, with a price point 25 percent lower than Hampton. We see it as a major market disruptor that will further strengthen our network effect. The design offers very attractive economics to own- ers, evidenced by more than 160 commitments – all from existing Hilton owners – with the first opening expected later this year, or early next.
Focused on Value Creation
In 2015, we continued driving stockholder value, reducing long-term debt by nearly $1 billion and paying our first cash dividend. We also completed the sale of the Waldorf Astoria New York, at a multiple of 32 times adjusted EBITDA, retained a 100-year management contract, obtained a commitment from the buyer to renovate the property and used the net proceeds to acquire high-quality assets in some of the fastest-growing and highest barrier-to-entry domestic markets at an aggregate multiple of just over 13 times adjusted EBITDA. We remain committed to achieving a low-grade investment-grade credit profile, and expect to initiate a stock buyback program later this year.
 2015 Annual Report 3

            Official launch event of Tru by Hilton.
      We also intend to enhance long-term value by separating our real estate and timeshare business segments, resulting in three pure-play, public companies. By simplifying our business, we will enable dedicated management teams to fully activate their respective businesses, taking advantage of both organic and inorganic growth opportunities as well as capital market and tax efficiencies. Our intention is to complete these spins by the end of the year with appropriate leadership, strategies and capital structures in place to set up all three companies for great success.
In Closing
We remain optimistic that fundamentals will continue
to support top-line growth in 2016. Long term, we believe that execution of our clear strategy, our scaled commercial engines, our well-defined brand portfolio and the best team members in the business will continue delivering value for our stockholders.
Sincerely,
Christopher J. Nassetta
President & Chief Executive Officer
     HILTON VALUE PROPOSITION
  FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
STRONG BRANDS &
COMMERCIAL SERVICES PLATFORM
Value proposition starts with award-winning brands and an industry-leading commercial services platform
SATISFIED CUSTOMERS
This leads to satisfied customers, including more than 50 million Hilton HHonors loyalty members
PREMIUM PERFORMANCE
Which results in our global RevPAR premium – the highest in the business
SATISFIED OWNERS
These hotel operating premiums drive strong financial returns, which benefit our hotel owners
LEADING HOTEL SUPPLY & PIPELINE
Satisfied existing and new owners continue to invest in growing Hilton’s brands, making us a global leader in hotel supply and pipeline
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
We believe the reinforcing nature of these activities will allow Hilton to outperform the competition
     LEADING HOTEL SUPPLY & PIPELINE
SATISFIED OWNERS
STRONG BRANDS & COMMERCIAL SERVICES PLATFORM
SATISFIED CUSTOMERS
       PREMIUM PERFORMANCE
   4
Hilton Worldwide
