Report to Shareholders



Record Revenues & Earnings



Acquisitions

Our strategy of improving the quality of health care in non-urban and rural communities throughout the southeast and southwest United States, through selective acquisitions, expansion of services and physician recruitment continues to prove sound. We are pleased to report the 13th consecutive year of growth in revenue and operating earnings, an achievement unmatched hospital by any other publicly-traded management company in the nation. For the year ended September 30, 2001, net patient service revenue increased 19% to $1.9 billion. Net earnings, before non-cash, nonrecurring charges, increased 22% to $205 million, or $.80 per diluted share,
JOSEPH V. VUMBACCO, PRESIDENT AND CEO compared with $168 million, or $.68 (LEFT), WITH WILLIAM J. SCHOEN, CHAIRMAN per diluted share, in fiscal 2000.


We made three acquisitions during the past year and announced our first acquisition of fiscal year 2002 just eight days into the new fiscal year. During the year, we completed the acquisition of the 149bed Davis Medical Center in Statesville, NC, the 200-bed Carlisle Hospital in Carlisle, PA, and the 80-bed Lee County Community Hospital in Pennington Gap, VA. On November 30, 2001, we completed the acquisition of 88-bed East Pointe Hospital, in the rapidly growing market of Lehigh Acres, FL. HMA now operates 39 hospitals in 12 states with 5,406 licensed beds, and is the largest non-urban, general acute care hospital operator in the nation.


Share Repurchase Program

Our Board of Directors has approved a plan to repurchase up to five million shares of HMA Class A Common Stock in the open market. The repurchase program illustrates our continued confidence in HMA's future and our support for the financial markets in the wake of the terrorist attacks of September 11th. The stock repurchases are accretive for the Company and balance our historical use of stock for employee stock options and grants.


Financial Strength

HMA concluded fiscal year 2001 with the highest operating margins and the strongest balance sheet in the industry. We also maintained the lowest debt-tototal capitalization ratio of any publicly traded hospital company with equity comprising 75% of total capitalization and debt only 25%. Cash flow from operations of $290 million enabled HMA to repay $95 million under its $450 million unsecured line of credit, leaving $405 million available for future growth opportunities.

New Directors

Last May the Company appointed Donald E. Kiernan and Joseph V. Vumbacco to its Board of Directors, increasing its membership from seven to nine. Both individuals bring a wealth of experience to our Board. Mr. Kiernan is the recently retired Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of SBC Communications, Inc. of San Antonio, Texas. He was formerly a partner with the CPA firm of Ernst & Young LLP.

2

Brought to you by Global Reports

Mr. Vumbacco, HMA's President and CEO, joined HMA in January, 1996. During his tenure, the Company has more than doubled its revenues and profits. In December 2001, the Board of Directors honored Charles M. Lees, for his years of dedicated service and exemplary contributions by unanimously electing Mr. Lees our first Director-Emeritus. Mr. Lees has been a member of the Board of Directors since 1988, and has been instrumental in the tremendous financial and strategic success of the Company. As Director-Emeritus we will continue to rely on Mr. Lees for his wisdom and invaluable counsel.


however,

remains

the

significant

demographic shift in the population base born in the 20-year period immediately following World War II. The birth rates between 1944 and 1964 saw tremendous growth, and this segment of the population is moving into a period of increased health care utilization. HMA's positioning in select non-urban communities compliments this demographic shift as an aging population exits urban sprawl for agreeable and welcoming non-urban and rural communities. Combined with recent acquisitions, which are now entering a phase of traditional rapid growth, and those acquisitions that we will complete in Fiscal Year 2002, the prospects for exceeding our record year in 2001 look very promising. The quality of our communities continues to weave the fabric of consistent growth at HMA. Our employees and medical staffs have exhibited tireless dedication since the events of September 11th, and they continue to inspire through their courageous efforts to compassionately treat our patients during these ever-changing and trying times. We are most appreciative of the ongoing, day-to-day dedication of our physicians, nurses and other health care professionals, vendors and our 21,000 employees, who have made HMA the finest, non-urban hospital management company in the nation. Sincerely,
01 00 99 99 01 00

Net Patient Service Revenues
$--billions

$1.9

$1.6

$1.4

HMA Stock Added to S&P 500 Index

On November 6, 2001, Standard & Poor's added HMA to its S&P 500 index. This inclusion reflects our leading position in the acute care hospital industry over a long period of time and marks a significant milestone in our history.


Net Income
$--millions $195

Outlook

The outlook for fiscal 2002 is excellent. During 2001 Congress recognized the need to supplement Medicare reimbursement in order to compensate for the drastic reductions resulting from the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. We applaud their efforts, and anticipate potential opportunities for continued financial support for non-urban, rural health care providers. Recent upgrades and capital expenditures to our "same-facility" hospitals generated record revenues and earnings for fiscal year 2001. Samefacility is defined as hospitals owned for a year or more. A favorable pricing environment for commercial insurance payments is expected to offer continuing opportunities. A more compelling driver of growth over the foreseeable future,

$168

$150

William J. Schoen, Chairman

Joseph V. Vumbacco President and Chief Executive Officer Naples, Florida, December 12, 2001

3

Brought to you by Global Reports

