 R e p o r t t o Shareholders

he news is excellent. For We seek to attract the best the 15th consecutive year, and brightest people to our revenue and earnings join our organization. We exceeded those of the previexamine every detail when ous year. For fiscal year 2003, evaluating hospital acquisition prospects, and we then our revenue was up 13 percent to $2.6 billion, and net invest our capital wisely to income rose even faster--up transform HMA hospitals 15 percent to $283 million. into some of the finest hospitals in the nation. We also Earnings per share (diluted) pursue physician and nurse advanced 17 percent to $1.13 recruitment with the same compared with $0.97 for fiscal year 2002. These strong intensity. Finally, our timetested, proprietary Pulse results reflect our continued William J. Schoen, Chairman, (left) and SystemTM is employed at focus on delivering high qualJoseph V. Vumbacco, President and CEO ity health care in non-urban every HMA hospital, creating communities with a proven demographic need. uniformity, familiarity and consistency of informaUnique to the hospital industry, HMA employs tion technology. This enables us to consolidate a decentralized approach to hospital managefinancial data efficiently, greatly improving the integration of new acquisitions. ment, while maintaining centralized financial controls through the implementation of our propriThe net effect of our focus on quality and etary Pulse SystemTM management information consistency is profound. Patients who once went technology. Our local leadership teams, who to distant urban hospitals for medical treatment have access to HMA's considerable corporate now return to their community hospitals in resources and expertise, make the day-to-day increasing numbers each year. These increased operational decisions in our hospitals. This stratpatient volumes transform once struggling egy has earned HMA the reputation as one of hospitals into vibrant medical centers that become a source of pride in every community we enter. the best hospital operators in the nation, based The secret to our success is quite simple. on both our Quality Service Management ratings and our industry leading operating margins. People want quality health care, and they want to Our consistent record of unprecedented sucreceive that care in their own community. This is cess during the past 15 years can be traced precisely the goal we continue to achieve. to two standards that pervade every aspect of Quality Hospital Performances our operations. We put quality first and apply it Improvements in patient care at HMA consistently to every aspect of our operations. hospitals also continued last year. During fiscal 2003, the Joint Commission on Brief Overview Accreditation of Health Care Organizations  Revenue (JCAHO) reviewed 22 HMA hospitals and (in billions) gave them an average score of 94. This '99 $1.36 average score exceeded our objective of $1.58 '00 90 or better and further indicates the in$1.88 '01 creasing level of quality that can be found in HMA hospitals. In addition, we contin$2.26 '02 ue to meet and exceed the expectations $2.56 '03 of our patients as their Quality Service Net Income Management satisfaction scores averaged (in millions) 96 of a possible 100 points. $150 '99 These scores attest to the efficacy of $168 '00 our "Quality First" efforts and indicate our $195 '01 ability to consistently improve the level $246 '02 of hospital care at HMA hospitals, even $283 '03 during periods of rapid growth.
2 Health Management Associates, Inc.

T

"The consistent delivery of high quality health care remains our primary focus; from that focus has grown fifteen consecutive years of increased operating earnings."
--William J. Schoen, Chairman



Acquisitions Acquisitions serve to accelerate our growth, and fiscal year 2003 proved another good year for acquisitions. We acquired four hospitals during the past fiscal year and completed the purchase of five more hospitals on November 1, 2003. These nine hospitals should provide material growth in subsequent years and deliver the cash flow needed to grow the company in future years. Moreover, there is no shortage of acquisition prospects. Cost pressures and financial market conditions continue to adversely affect hospital operations at many community hospitals throughout the nation. Many hospitals lack the resources needed to cope with these financial pressures and are losing physicians and patients as a result. In those instances where our disciplined acquisition criteria are met, we will act accordingly with a financial and managerial commitment to revitalize and restore medical excellence to the community. Improved Financing We took advantage of the prevailing interest rates last year by issuing $575 million (gross proceeds) of 1.5% Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes due 2023 and used $311 million of those proceeds to redeem an earlier issue of 3.0% Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes due 2020. These two transactions removed 14.5 million shares from our diluted number of shares outstanding, effectively doubling the amount of the financing while maintaining the same annual interest expense. The remaining proceeds from the issuance have been used to partially fund the five hospital acquisitions completed on November 1, 2003. New Hospital For Collier County, Florida After a thorough review, demonstrating conclusively that the Collier County community, home to HMA's corporate headquarters in Naples, Florida, was medically underserved, the State of Florida's Agency for Health Care Administration approved our application to build a 100-bed hospital in Collier County. This is a wonderful opportunity for us to bring additional high quality hospital care to Collier County, the secondfastest growing community in the nation. We are presently in the planning stages to build a state-of-the-art hospital that will be a premier health care facility in the Naples area.

Outlook We believe our immediate outlook is promising and the longer term even more so as our recent acquisitions gain momentum and attract increasing patient volumes through better quality health care. The facts are compelling. Our hospitals continue to serve more patients each year. Based on community need, we recruit more doctors to serve our communities every year, and we provide our physicians with upgraded facilities and equipment to enable them to practice modern-day medicine more effectively. In addition, our nation's population continues to age, triggering an increased demand for health care. As "baby-boomers" demand more health care services, and migrate to non-urban communities in greater numbers, HMA has positioned itself to be the hospital provider of choice. Congress recently passed watershed legislation providing hospitals with additional reimbursement, effectively addressing the existing reimbursement disparity between urban and rural hospital providers. While this legislation may assist some hospitals, the complexity of reimbursement, cost pressures and increasing capital needs will continue to overwhelm many stand-alone non-urban hospitals. Their present condition provides us with unprecedented acquisition opportunities to select the best from among many. Our financial condition and credit standing are excellent, allowing us to simultaneously upgrade our present hospitals and make additional acquisitions. To conclude, we would like to express our gratitude to our physicians, nurses and health care professionals whose steadfast dedication to the delivery of high quality health care and enduring compassion for our patients continue to make HMA the finest non-urban hospital provider in the nation. We believe the best for HMA is yet to come.

William J. Schoen, Chairman

Joseph V. Vumbacco, President and CEO Naples, Florida December 12, 2003
2003 Annual Report 3

