REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS

F

iscal year 2004 marked HMA's 16th consecutive year of record-setting performance. Compared to fiscal year 2003, fiscal year 2004's net patient service revenue rose 25.2% to $3.2 billion. Net income increased 14.7% to $325 million, and earnings per share (diluted) advanced 16.8% to $1.32 from $1.13 the previous year. Earnings and revenues would have been even higher, but for four hurricanes that swept through Florida, where we own and operate 14 hospitals. Although all HMA's Florida hospitals were affected by these storms, eight hospitals were directly impacted and their hospital services were disrupted for some time. The financial impact of these violent storms, which included significant costs incurred to keep our hospitals running, reduced net income by
Revenue
(in billions)

$9.5 million, or four cents a share in the fourth quarter -- despite this, we achieved record earnings for the fiscal year. Without question, the quality and consistency we apply to every facet of our hospital operations, together with the extraordinary efforts of our employees and medical staffs, remain the key ingredients that continue to produce record results for our shareholders.

food and water and distributed them to those in need. This is the human face of HMA, and we want shareholders to know what valuable contributions HMA employees make in our communities.
Acquisitions

S

Community Impact

$3.21 $2.56 $2.26

$1.88 $1.58

'00

'01

'02

'03

'04 $325

Net Income
(in millions)

$283 $246 $195 $168

'00

'01

'02

'03

'04

adly, it took several powerful hurricanes to further illustrate the tremendous benefits HMA hospitals provide to the communities we serve. Many of these community benefits transcend health care delivery, and represent vital needs, particularly in times of stress. Hurricane Charley devastated Punta Gorda, Florida in August 2004. At least one-third of the homes were destroyed or rendered uninhabitable. The delivery of water and electricity services was disrupted for days. Even our Charlotte Regional Medical Center was severely damaged and forced to suspend services for a week. Our employees and medical staff responded to these disasters with tenacity and resolve. They transported dozens of patients to other hospitals that were out of harm's way, including one sister HMA hospital. HMA's recovery teams worked 24 hours a day, seven days a week to restore services and reopen our emergency department in 168 hours, and by the third week, our surgeons were once again performing open-heart surgery. Even though many had lost their homes, our employees collected untold boxes of clothes, blankets, batteries, flashlights,

We acquired five hospitals on November 1, 2003, increasing our hospital total to then 52, and we extended our geographic reach into Missouri, making it the 16th state where we operate. Collectively, these hospitals increased our licensed beds to 7,464 from 6,479, a 15.2% increase in capacity. Each of these hospitals performed at or above expectations during fiscal year 2004, and we expect they will have a continuing beneficial impact on revenues and earnings going forward.

A

Strong Financial Position

t fiscal year-end 2004, our balance sheet remained the strongest in the industry. Our debt-to-equity ratio was the lowest in the industry, and current assets were nearly three times current liabilities. The acquisitions we purchased on November 1, 2003 were partially financed by our line of credit. Our cash flow from operations improved considerably during the year, and as a result, we repaid all $275 million borrowed under the line of credit by the end of the fiscal year. HMA's cash flow from operations allows us to internally fund a significant portion of our growth. We are also better prepared to take advantage of opportunities as they present themselves. In May 2004, we renegotiated better terms and increased our line of credit. The entire $600 million line of credit is available,

2

Health Management Associates, Inc.

providing us with substantial flexibility.
Certificates of Need

On September 29, 2004, Florida's First District Court of Appeals affirmed a previously issued Certificate of Need that permits us to build a 100-bed hospital in Naples (Collier County), FL, one of the fastest growing areas in Florida and the United States. The Court's final decision has paved the way for HMA to begin the delivery of high quality health care services to this underserved community. HMA has also received preliminary Certificate of Need approval to build two additional hospitals in Florida. We are eager to begin serving the rapidly growing areas of central and southwest Florida with a new 60-bed hospital to be located in Oviedo and a new 80-bed hospital to be located in North Port.
Honors and Awards

William J. Schoen, Chairman, (left) and Joseph V. Vumbacco, President & CEO

Placing quality first remains the decisive factor behind HMA's sixteen consecutive years of growth.

delivery we provide after we acquire a hospital. Finally, the February 2004, issue of Institutional Investor magazine, named our Chief Financial Officer, Robert Farnham, to its inaugural list of "Best CFOs in America" for health care services.

September 2004, the Board of Directors doubled HMA's quarterly cash dividend to four cents per common share payable November 29, 2004 to shareholders of record as of November 5, 2004.

O

Early Fiscal Year 2005

We were named to Forbes Platinum 400 -- "The Best Big Companies in America" -- for the fifth consecutive year. This award is based on the financial performances of more than 1,000 publicly-traded companies with revenues in excess of $1 billion. Growth in revenues, earnings per share and return on capital for the past five years and the most recent year are compared among peers in 23 industries, and HMA was accorded the top rank in the hospital industry. Our hospitals in Punta Gorda and Dade City, Florida, and Yakima, Washington, were ranked among the top 100 hospitals in the U.S. by Solucient, Inc., a national health care information company. In addition, six HMA hospitals received the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations' (JCAHO) Gold Seal of ApprovalTM. These accreditations confirm the improvement in health care

n the first day of fiscal year 2005, we acquired our first hospital of the new year, the 82-bed Chester County Hospital located in Chester, South Carolina. Chester is a growing non-urban community of 35,000 residents. Its location is approximately equidistant from Charlotte, North Carolina and Columbia, South Carolina. On November 11, 2004 we signed a definitive agreement to acquire three non-urban hospitals from the Bon Secours Health System, the 312-bed Bon Secours Venice Hospital, located in Venice, Florida, the 212-bed Bon Secours St. Joseph's Hospital located in Port Charlotte, Florida and the 133-bed Bon Secours St. Mary's Hospital located in Norton, Virginia. Upon the expected completion of this transaction in the quarter ending March 31, 2005, we will have achieved our 2005 acquisition objective.
Dividend Increase

F

Outlook

iscal year 2004 marked the fifth consecutive year in which our earnings per share have grown in excess of 15 percent. This growth reaffirms our acquisition strategy, solid operating base and the inherent strength of our markets. We intend to remain focused on delivering high quality health care to non-urban markets throughout the United States by recruiting needed physicians, investing in better health care technology and improving the management of our resources. In doing so, we believe that continued improvements in our same-hospital operations and our disciplined approach to strategic acquisitions will continue to produce outstanding results for the communities we serve and for our shareholders. Sincerely, William J. Schoen, Chairman Joseph V. Vumbacco, President and CEO Naples, Florida December 10, 2004

Citing both HMA's strong operational history over a long period of time and HMA's desire to provide shareholders with an additional opportunity for a return on their investment, in

2004 Annual Report

3

