Report to Shareholders

our new management team put all the elements into place during the latter part of 2007 that we believe are necessary to begin the Company's turnaround in 2008 and to improve our performance gradually and steadily over the next two to three years.  We have launched a new direction for our Company. And we are leading it with a new team of capable and experienced leaders. Direction Our new direction has four elements: mission, vision, strategy, and plan.  Our restated mission is to deliver compassionate and high quality health care services that improve the quality of life for our patients, physicians, and the communities we serve.  Our new vision is to lead the nation's hospital industry in quality and customer satisfaction in order to accomplish our mission and maximize our operating performance.  Our strategy is to 1) stabilize our operations; 2) build a foundation for a more sustainable performance; 3) take the necessary steps to become the hospital-industry leader in quality and customer satisfaction; 4) seize and defend market share; 5) enhance our operational discipline to increase revenue and manage resources; 6) rationalize our asset portfolio; and 7) gradually deleverage our balance sheet.

Y

Burke W. Whitman, President & CEO and William J. Schoen (right), Chairman of the Board of Directors

 We designed a detailed business plan intended to implement the strategy and accomplish our mission gradually over the next two to three years.  At the hospital level, each leadership team developed its hospital plan from the bottom up. Our hospital teams are all now fully accountable for achieving those operating results.  We have redirected our capital expenditures away from acquisitions and de novo developments in the near term. Instead, we will be reinvesting more capital into our existing hospitals than ever before in

our history in order to reinforce our mission and operating performance.  We began rationalizing our portfolio of hospitals during 2007: we sold two, began negotiations to sell another, converted one to a specialty women's hospital, and discontinued operations at another.  We have launched discussions with highly regarded local healthcare service providers in some of our local markets ­ including other hospitals and physician groups ­ to sell them minority interests in those hospitals and to exploit opportunities for mutual benefit.

Health management Associates, Inc

2

Global Reports LLC

 We expect to begin growing again through selective acquisitions after 2008, after we have completed early implementation of our operating strategy and rationalizing the portfolio. Leadership We also put new leadership into place during the latter part of 2007 in order to execute the new direction.  Our new leadership also has four elements: people, organization, culture and accountability.  We have appointed what we believe to be the right team across the organization, including new, experienced and capable CEOs to lead a number of our hospitals.  We have revised our organizational structure to add new corporate functional leaders in the key areas that can most directly and effectively support our hospitals' performance: clinical affairs, nursing, physician relations, case management, managed care, facility standards, and others.  We have increased the number of hospital divisions in order to reduce the number of hospitals per division. We believe that this will enable each division CEO and CFO to develop more meaningful relationships with the physicians who send us their patients; to reinforce financial discipline in managing our costs; and to achieve more favorable outcomes for our patients, physicians, and employees.

 Our company's corporate culture has always been based on sound principles of integrity, hard work, and discipline. We are building upon that traditional culture by introducing new elements that we believe will make us even more competitive in a challenging environment.  Chief among the elements are: leveraging our clinical excellence; developing and maintaining strong relationships with the key physicians who practice at our hospitals; making quality and customer satisfaction a continuous focus of effort; setting reasonable expectations for improvements in all these areas; and measuring, rewarding, and holding our leaders accountable for all aspects of performance.  We have tied the compensation of our leaders directly to the metrics that validate not only financial results but also those critical areas that foster more sustainable performance such as healthcare quality, patient satisfaction, physician satisfaction and recruiting, and the volume of paying patients.  Our operational leaders understand and endorse this approach. Outlook On February 20, 2008, we announced initial earnings guidance for 2008 with projected earnings per diluted share of $0.40-0.50 on anticipated net revenue of $4.5-4.7 billion.

 This guidance incorporates some of the initial improvements that we expect from the strategic and operational initiatives we commenced in earnest during the fourth quarter of 2007.  Although we continue to face industry headwinds, we expect these initiatives to improve our financial results gradually over the next two to three years. Our collective experience, backed by academic research, reinforces our enthusiasm.  With our new direction and new leadership, we believe we will accomplish our mission, achieve our vision, and ultimately increase the value of our Company.

William J. Schoen Chairman of the Board of Directors

Burke W. Whitman President and Chief Executive Officer Naples, Florida March 19, 2008

2007 Annual Report

3

Global Reports LLC

