Report to Shareholders
Placing quality first remains the decisive factor behind HMA's seventeen consecutive years of growth.

T

he fundamentals of our business remain strong. We have increased revenue and earnings for the 17th year in a row. Compared to fiscal year 2004, fiscal year 2005's total revenue rose 13.0% to $3.6 billion. Net income increased 8.6% to $353 million, and diluted net income per share advanced to $1.42 from $1.32. Hurricanes once again impacted our operations during fiscal year 2005, as several storms caused disruptions at our hospitals located in Mississippi and Florida. Revenue and earnings would have been higher except for business interruptions and damages sustained from these hurricanes. Net income was reduced by $6.9 million during the fourth quarter of 2005 as a result of damages and expenses incurred to keep our hospitals operational. In the wake of these storms, our employees and physicians once again rose to meet the challenge, by making personal sacrifices to tend to the needs of our patients during the storms and be leaders for the recovery efforts after the storms. We are very proud and grateful for their continued hard work and dedication. Business Analysis Several challenges continue to present opportunities for improvement within the hospital industry and for HMA. Despite our improved operating performance, the numbers of uninsured and underinsured patients continue to rise. As a result, charity care and indigent write-offs increased in fiscal year 2005 and approximated 4.4% of our gross revenue compared with 4.0% in fiscal year 2004. Our local hospital business office personnel continue to focus on both improving the qualification process for third party reimbursement programs such as Medicaid, and improving upfront cash collections. With approximately 38% of state governments now seeking legislation to assist the uninsured with obtaining insurance, we expect to see continued progress in the reduction of uninsured patient volumes.

Competition from physicians ` practices is the other challenge being faced by the hospital industry. Increasing physician practice expenses in the face of diminishing reimbursement has led many physicians to perform outpatient procedures in their own offices. We understand their needs and are committed to re-establishing the historical mutually beneficial relationship between doctors and hospitals. Where possible, we can and will help our physicians by sharing health care operational knowledge to benefit their practices. The key to success for HMA and our physicians is communication and relationship building. We are confident that by working together we can reach solutions that recognize and respect our longstanding tradition of mutual dependence and support of one another. Acquisitions Acquisitions remain an important element in our overall growth strategy. During fiscal year 2005, we acquired five hospitals. These hospitals collectively added 795 licensed beds and approximately $300 million in annual net revenue. All five hospitals met or exceeded management's expectations during fiscal year 2005. Already in fiscal 2006, we have announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire an 80% controlling interest in our first joint venture with a not-for-profit hospital, the Orlando Regional St. Cloud Hospital. We've also signed a purchase agreement for a non-urban hospital in Northeast Georgia and completed the acquisition of a rural hospital in Amory, Mississippi. These acquisitions will enable us to serve additional communities and allow HMA to continue to grow. We believe that the hospital acquisition environment continues to be active, and before fiscal 2006 ends, we expect to acquire several additional hospitals. There are many faith-based, not-for-profit hospitals that need additional financial resources to continue their mission,

2

Health Management Associates, Inc.

Joseph V. Vumbacco, President & CEO (left) , and William J. Schoen, Chairman

however, they are reluctant to be acquired for fear of losing their local identity. We believe HMA's decentralized management philosophy complements that local identity and promotes the mission of delivering high quality health care close to home. Stock Repurchase On August 3, 2005, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 10 million shares of our common stock. By November 14, 2005, we had repurchased the entire amount. Dividend Increase Our Board of Directors increased the quarterly cash dividend for the second year in a row -- this time by 50%, from four cents to six cents per common share, beginning with the dividend that was payable November 29, 2005 to shareholders of record as of November 4, 2005. New President On November 17, 2005, we announced the addition of Burke W. Whitman to our senior management team, effective January 1, 2006. Mr. Whitman will join us as President and Chief Operating Officer. Joseph V. Vumbacco, who will continue to serve as our CEO, will also become our Vice Chairman. We anticipate that our total revenue will exceed $4 billion in fiscal year 2006, and we believed additional senior leadership was needed to assist with that growth. Mr.

Whitman has a wealth of industry knowledge and is a Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Marine Corps reserves, having just returned from a tour of duty in Iraq. Outlook for Fiscal Year 2006 The outlook for our hospital operations is encouraging. We believe that the opportunity to make attractive acquisitions continues unabated, and that the need for more medical services increases each year as the U.S. population ages. We are committed to delivering high quality health care at our hospitals. We will continue to recruit needed physicians, invest in state-of-theart technology and improve the management of our resources. In doing so, we believe that ongoing improvements to our same hospital operations as well as our disciplined approach to strategic acquisitions will continue to produce outstanding results for our shareholders and the communities we serve. Sincerely,

William J. Schoen, Chairman

Joseph V. Vumbacco, President and CEO Naples, Florida December 13, 2005

2005 Annual Report

3

