Report to Shareholders
RECAPITALIZATION/ SPECIAL $10 CASH DIVIDEND

William J. Schoen (left), Chairman, Joseph V. Vumbacco, CEO & Vice Chairman (center), and Burke W. Whitman, President & COO

After several years of solid operational performance with little share price appreciation, we began a strategic review with the Board of Directors to seek a solution that would provide value to shareholders while continuing to position HMA to provide high quality health care to its communities. On January 17, 2007, we announced a major recapitalization. We paid a special cash dividend of $10 per share (approximately $2.4 billion) on March 1, 2007, using proceeds borrowed under our new $3.25 billion senior secured credit facilities. Amounts outstanding under our previous line of credit were also refinanced by these new credit facilities.  The $10 per share dividend was designed to deliver immediate value to shareholders while at the same time enabling them to participate in HMA's future growth. In light of the special dividend, the regular cash dividend of six cents per share has been suspended indefinitely.  Compared to our peers, we believed our balance sheet was underleveraged, and we believed that borrowing money to reward our shareholders was a sound use of our excess balance sheet capacity. This strategy is particularly timely because of the existing attractive interest rate environment. We believe that the recapitalization will substantially reduce our overall cost of capital and at the same time enable us to continue to generate sustainable free cash flow to meet our capital needs and growth objectives.  Our $250 million common stock repurchase program will remain in effect but no additional shares will be repurchased, unless we believe that our shares have become significantly undervalued. Approximately 1.8 million shares have been repurchased under this program at an aggregate cost of approximately $36.8 million.
FINANCIALS--2006

more closely aligns the Company's fiscal reporting with its strategic business plans and the financial reporting cycles of the other publicly traded hospital companies. Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2006 increased for the 29th consecutive year -- up 12.7% to approximately $4.1 billion. Earnings, however, fell short of the performance for the year ended December 31, 2005.  Increases in uninsured and underinsured patient volumes have continued to challenge the industry and HMA, and as a result, an analysis of our cash collections caused us to increase our reserve for self-pay patient receivables during 2006 by an additional $200 million or $0.50 per diluted share. Going forward, we will also reserve a significant portion of these same receivables as of the date of service.  It is important to review our bad debt policy change in the context of our recent settlement of litigation that challenged the amounts our hospitals charged for medical services to uninsured patients. Under the settlement agreement, and in the interest of increased transparency, beginning in the first quarter of 2007, HMA began offering discounts up to 60 percent to uninsured patients for non-elective procedures.  Partially offsetting the additional expense for the uninsured during 2006 was a gain of approximately $15 million related to the successful settlement of our property insurance claim for Hurricane Katrina damages sustained by our hospital in Biloxi, Mississippi in 2005.  Overall, net income for 2006 was $182.7 million, or $0.75 per diluted share, compared with $349.9 million, or $1.41 per diluted share in 2005.
OPERATIONS--2006

 During 2006, HMA changed its fiscal year end from September 30 to December 31. The Board felt the new calendar fiscal year
 Health Management Associates, Inc.

 In general, we focused our attention on enhancing our existing operations following six consecutive years of hospital acquisitions. As a result, we sold two psychiatric facilities and are actively marketing the sale or syndication of certain general acute care hospitals that no longer fit our strategic criteria.  We also acquired three hospitals outright and purchased an 80% interest in our first joint venture with a not-for-profit hospital.  To advance the quality of care in our hospitals, we invested $339 million in capital improvements and additions, which included a replacement hospital in Carlisle,

www.global-reports.com

Pennsylvania and the expansion of facilities at several other hospitals. Finally, we neared completion of Physicians Regional Medical Center ­ Collier Boulevard, our first de novo general acute care hospital, which opened and began serving the East Naples, southern Collier County, Florida area in February 2007. It is a 100-bed facility that, when combined with the 83-bed Physicians Regional Medical Center ­ Pine Ridge, comprises the Physicians Regional Health System, which has the potential to become one of the largest health care markets for HMA.
NATIONAL ISSUES

dependent on one another and solutions to accommodate each other's needs will be found. For our part, we believe collaborations are an inevitable and sound strategy.
Collaborative initiatives

 The hospital industry is under substantial financial pressure. Hospitals nationwide are experiencing a steady rise in uninsured and underinsured patients who cannot pay their bills. Many physicians are being similarly affected. To offset reduced revenue, many physicians are opening their own surgical and diagnostic centers. Others are replacing lost revenue by performing procedures in their offices that were previously performed in local hospitals. These actions have reduced the revenue dollars that hospitals receive.
EFFECT OF COMPETITION

 The demand for health care continues to grow, and doctors are competing for a share of that business through physician-owned and operated surgical centers. Some hospitals and physician-owned facilities will suffer as the cost to operate many such duplicative centers may prove uneconomical.

Competing for a larger slice of the health care dollar favors HMA  because of our reputation for quality, financial strength, and collaborative efforts with doctors and other hospitals.
 Ultimately, we believe that quality, effective cost controls, breadth of medical services and financial strength will be the deciding factors reviewed by patients when determining where to seek treatment. And these are HMA's strengths.  The overriding facts are that demand for health care will steadily increase as the nation's population continues to age.  Consequently, we believe the present competition to provide health care services will continue. Health care providers are


 Physicians are presently bearing a disproportionate share of the health care cost dilemma. This circumstance is unacceptable. One health care service provider cannot prosper indefinitely at the expense of another.  As such, where strategic to HMA, we have begun to offer doctors opportunities to partner with us in a variety of joint ventures. In addition, we have also increased our employment of doctors in certain markets.  The latter is a recent phenomenon that reflects changes in physician expectations and local market conditions.  The physicians on our medical staffs, whether employed or independent practitioners, practice cutting-edge medicine and have access to some of the finest diagnostic and surgical equipment available.  Going forward, we believe that greater flexibility in management thinking, as evidenced by our collaborative programs with physicians, our joint venture with a notfor-profit hospital, and the recapitalization of our balance sheet, is the key to continuing the growth in our markets. This philosophy helped earn HMA national recognition as Fortune Magazine's 2006 Most Admired Company in the Health Care: Medical Facilities category. We are committed to this approach and look forward to continued prosperity in the years to come. Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely, William J. Schoen, Chairman Joseph V. Vumbacco, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman

Burke W. Whitman, President and Chief Operating Officer Naples, Florida April 13, 2007
2006 Annual report 

www.global-reports.com

