2
  Left: Anthony S. “Buddy” Piszel, Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer and Jay Gellert, President & Chief Executive Officer
To our stockholders
It is a pleasure to report to you on Health Net’s excellent results in 2005. After a challenging 2004, the company dramatically improved results and achieved our key goals. We believe we demonstrated that Health Net’s franchises possess enduring value for our members and our stockholders.
Thanks go out to our Associates, whose hard work throughout the year was essential to our outstanding performance. We also deeply appreciate the ongoing support of our employer groups, health care providers and business partners.
A primary theme that emerged in 2005 is the underlying strength of our diverse franchises. Each and every one of them made positive contributions to 2005’s results.
Our diversity is a very real advantage in today’s health care marketplace. With our Medicare, TRICARE, commercial, Medicaid and behavioral health businesses, we have entrée into most corners of the health benefits market and to many organic growth opportunities. As you read through this annual report, you will find discussions of both the 2005 results and the future opportunities in each one of our franchises.
Virtually every key performance metric improved in 2005 – among them revenues, net income, Medical Care Ratios (MCRs) and cash flow.
In 2005, revenues rose approximately $300 million to $11,940,533,000 despite total enrollment declining 6
percent. This is a testament to our focus on pricing our commercial Health Maintenance Organization (HMO) and Preferred Provider Organization (PPO) products ahead of medical cost trends.
Net income in 2005 expanded more than five-fold, reaching approximately $230 million or $1.99 per fully diluted share. The MCR in our health plans improved by more than 4 percentage points, reaching 83.9 percent for the full year. It is important to note that Health Net recorded charges in both 2004 and 2005, and the above comparisons reflect the full impact on the financial results for those years.
Our overall pretax margin improved to 3.2 percent in 2005. Excluding the charges, the margin would have been 3.8 percent. We believe we can continue to improve this margin in the years ahead.
Operating cash flow turned around from a negative $54,912,000 in 2004 to a positive $191,394,000
in 2005. We believe the strength of our cash flow reaffirms the improvement in our overall financial performance. Strong cash flow helped keep the balance sheet sound. In addition, we ended the year with substantial improvements in statutory capital at our regulated entities. This progress keeps us on track for improved debt agency ratings in the future.
In 2005, our confidence in our performance and our future opportunities grew. Perhaps the best evidence
of this is the growth in our general and administrative spending. We view this spending as part of an essential investment in our future. While approximately $30 million of the $68 million increase from 2004 to
2005 was for Medicare, we also invested in products, systems and medical management improvements.
At the end of 2005, we had approximately 174,000 Medicare Advantage members, a level that we believe makes us the fifth largest Medicare plan in the country. But, that is just the beginning. On January 1, 2006,
the Federal government began implementation of its new Part D prescription drug benefit for Medicare beneficiaries. It is the single biggest change to Medicare since the program’s inception in 1965. In addition, each Medicare Advantage plan added a prescription drug benefit.

 Our 2005 spending prepared Health Net for these changes. We now offer a stand-alone Medicare prescription drug benefit in 10 states. We offer Medicare Advantage with a drug benefit in five states. This represents a remarkable growth opportunity for Health Net.
We believe we are off to an encouraging start in 2006, with more than 280,000 new members for the stand- alone prescription drug benefit and approximately 5,000 new Medicare Advantage members.
Our commercial plans, spread across six states, did very well in 2005. Enrollment declined due to our making margins the top priority. Our focused pricing was a bridge, giving us time to make certain that our provider networks were stable and our costs were consistent with expectations. We believe that our excellent MCR performance in 2005 proved that all our efforts were on target.
We worked hard on improving and expanding our provider networks in 2005. This effort included negotiating new, more favorable rates and expanding networks as necessary. For example, we augmented networks in the Northeast to reduce out-of-network utilization. We entered into new, more cost effective national contracts. We expanded our networks into Washington state. We developed more relationships with national Centers of Excellence for transplantation and other sophisticated medical procedures.
In our TRICARE business we continued to perform admirably. We are very proud of the work we do helping the families of our men and women in uniform and military retirees through our TRICARE North contract. Revenues climbed more than 14 percent
as more of the nearly 3 million beneficiaries in the North region sought care in the private sector. We have been serving TRICARE for nearly 20 years and look forward to maintaining and, perhaps, expanding this important relationship in the years ahead.
In 2005, our behavioral health subsidiary, MHN, also made important contributions to the health care of military men and women. Its behavioral health interventions also aided victims of Hurricane Katrina.
And, MHN also had another strong year with substantial gains in both revenues and profit.
On the Medicaid front, we believe we are the nation’s fourth largest Medicaid plan based on membership. Medicaid plans serve the neediest members of our society in plans funded jointly by the states and the Federal government.
Our key Medicaid market is California where we ended 2005 with approximately 700,000 members
– more than 80 percent of our total. In 2005, we won a new multi-year contract for Los Angeles County and started serving members in Stanislaus County.
In early 2006, we announced that we had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Universal
Care’s health plan businesses. It is located in Southern California. In this transaction, we are to acquire its plans and intend to secure a long-term relationship with the remaining provider group – a key part of our Medicaid network in Los Angeles County.
Our success in 2005 gives us confidence that we possess a promising and exciting future. We are making investments to help us capitalize on these opportunities. Our operations are stable. Our provider relations are sound.
In short, in 2005, we believe we put in place all the pieces necessary to ensure growth in the future.
We thank you for your support and look forward to reporting on another successful year in 2006.
Sincerely,
Jay Gellert
president & chief executive officer
Anthony S. “Buddy” Piszel
executive vice president & chief financial officer
March 15, 2006
  3
