to our stockholders
On behalf of the Board of Directors and management of Health Net, Inc., it is a pleasure to report on a year of significant progress on many fronts for
the company as our strategy of nurturing our diverse businesses yielded excellent results.
In 2007, we achieved many important financial goals. While earnings per diluted share fell by 39 percent in 2007, they included approximately $307 million in pretax charges in connection with certain litigation and regulatory matters. Excluding these charges, earnings per diluted share would have increased approximately
20 percent.
Including the charges,
margins declined to 2.5 percent. However, on an operating
basis excluding the charges,
our pretax margin expanded
to 4.7 percent. This is yet another sign of steady progress on this important measure.
Operating cash flow of $605 million was especially strong in 2007 and exceeded net income, a key metric for the company.
We also continued our
share repurchase program,
buying back 4.3 million shares
in 2007 for approximately
$230 million. Late in the year,
the Board increased the company’s share repurchase authority by
$250 million. We believe that buying back Health Net stock is one of the best ways we can enhance stockholder value.
Enrollment in our Medicare Advantage and Part D plans increased during 2007. We believe our product offerings
are attracting seniors looking
for expanded benefits and lower out-of-pocket costs. In late
2007, we launched Health Net’s Healthy Heart Plan for seniors. This innovative Medicare Advantage product is a plan designed to support the American Heart Association’s approach to a healthy lifestyle. Products such as this could prove to be an important brand differentiator
in the years ahead.
In our commercial plans,
we continued to drive a shift to our small group and individual offerings where our local focus
is of great value. We introduced new products, including a hybrid that matches the cost containment features of a health maintenance organization product with the benefits of a health reimburse- ment arrangement.
As evidence of our progress, at year-end 2007 approximately 35 percent of our commercial risk enrollment was in small group and individual plans compared with 31 percent at the end of 2006. This shift helped drive
ongoing improvement in the medical care ratio.
As further evidence of our focus on the small group segment, we purchased the Guardian
Life Insurance Company’s
50 percent interest in our Healthcare Solutions business in the Northeast for approximately $80 million on May 31, 2007.
Through Healthcare Solutions, Health Net markets health benefits to small employer groups in the New York tri-state area. It was important for us to take complete control of our small group business in the region as the acquisition enables us to expand distribution to this market.
Health Net Federal Services’ work on behalf of military families through the Department of Defense’s TRICARE program was, again, a source of great pride for the company. In 2007, we
also played a part in meeting the United States military’s growing need for the services provided by MHN, our behavioral health subsidiary. We also continue
to expand our work as one of
the few external health care contractors for the Department of Veterans Affairs.
As we entered 2007, we placed increased emphasis on providing solutions to our customers’ health care needs. In this 2007 Year-End Report,
2

 you will see several examples of innovative approaches to meeting our customers’ need for quality care, access and affordability. This focus on solving customer problems will be our touchstone in the years ahead.
Last year also saw a great deal of discussion and debate regarding health care reform, especially in California, where the year began with a sweeping reform proposal from Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. In addition, in the presidential campaign, health care reform emerged as the second most important domestic issue, behind the state of the economy.
This is one of the primary drivers behind our emphasis
on a diverse business base. In fact, we believe we are well positioned for likely changes in the health care system, especially changes designed to expand coverage to the nearly 47 million Americans who today lack health insurance coverage.
Health Net’s Board of Directors and management believe that health care in the United States will change in the years ahead. The steps we are taking today and in the future will help prepare the company to be more successful in what is certain to be a new and ever- changing environment.
On a practical level, in
the fourth quarter of 2007, Health Net embarked upon a comprehensive plan to reduce administrative expenses, enhance efficiency and streamline operations. We believe that
our administrative expenses are high relative to our competition and that we can save approxi- mately $100 million in general and administrative expenses by 2010. This plan is designed to improve our competitiveness in the years ahead and enhance our flexibility in meeting changing customer needs.
As a first step, we reorganized the company into two primary operating divisions – Health Plan and Shared Services. The Health Plan Division encompasses all the company’s commercial, Medicare and Medicaid plans in seven states. Stephen Lynch, who previously was president of the Western Health Plan Division, now heads the Health Plan Division.
The Shared Services Division includes the full range of basic operations that support the Health Plan Division. These include information technology, claims processing, enrollment and billing, call centers and the Federal Services division.
Jim Woys, Health Net’s chief operating officer, leads
Jay Gellert, President & Chief Executive Officer
the Shared Services Division. We thank Jim for the excellent work he did as our interim chief financial officer (CFO) during most of 2007.
Toward the end of the year, we welcomed our new CFO, Joseph Capezza, who joined Health Net after several years at Harvard Pilgrim Health Plan, one of New England’s leading health plans. Joe brings many years
of experience in the insurance industry to Health Net.
Lastly, let me take this opportunity to thank our more than 10,000 Associates who work hard every day to meet our customers’ needs. They are the wellspring of our success. In the future, they will provide the inspiration and innovation essential to our solving health care issues for our customers.
To our stockholders, thank you again for your support, and we all look forward to further progress in the years ahead.
Sincerely,
Jay Gellert
president &
chief executive officer
 3
