To our stockholders
One. One Company...One Vision...One Future. In 2002, more than 9,000 women and men who work for Health Net began the journey to become One, devoted to serving our members, in the words of our new Mission statement, by helping them be healthy, secure and comfortable. This renewed commitment on the part of every person associated with Health Net capped a year of continued progress on many fronts. We achieved our financial goals. We made a good start to the process of establishing a single operating structure throughout the company. We began the work that will bring us to a single information technology platform by the middle of 2004. We strengthened our management team by welcoming a number of new senior business leaders ­ Marv Rich, who is responsible for Finance and Operations; Jeff Folick, who runs our Northeast and Arizona health plans and our behavioral health subsidiary; and Chris Wing, who oversees our health plans in California and Oregon. These experienced executives have brought a renewed focus and drive to our company. We confronted the challenge of rapidly rising health care costs with new benefits and innovative product designs. In sum, 2002 was an eventful and successful year for Health Net and I am proud of all that our associates accomplished.
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

As we emerged from our turnaround last year, we set five specific financial targets. We made significant progress against each one in 2002. They are:  Earnings per share growth greater than 15 percent ­ in 2002 we were well above target, with earnings per share up by 24 percent, excluding one-time items;  An expanding margin on earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) ­ in 2002 it was 4.6 percent, up substantially from the 4.0 percent achieved in 2001. This margin excludes investment income and one-time items;  Cash flow consistent with earnings ­ in 2002 we produced operating cash flow of $420 million, well in excess of net income plus depreciation and amortization;  A stable debt-to-total capital ratio below 30 percent ­ at year-end 2002, the ratio was 23.4 percent, down from 33.8 percent at the end of 2001. In fact, we reduced debt on our revolving line of credit to zero during 2002; and  Return on equity above 20 percent ­ it was 21.8 percent at year-end 2002, compared with 20.2 percent at the end of last year, again excluding one-time items. Our financial success depends on our ability to serve our members by providing them access to health care that is affordable. Because we were able to do this more effectively and efficiently than we had in past years, our earnings grew to $1.82 per diluted share from the $.69 per diluted share we earned in 2001. Both of these numbers incorporate several one-time items, including severance and software write-downs, necessitated by our ongoing efforts to transform
8 | H E A L T H N E T, I N C .

Health Net into a well-integrated, highly-focused organization. Excluding these items, earnings grew by 24 percent to $2.21 per diluted share from $1.78 per diluted share last year. Total company revenues grew by just 1 percent to $10,201,543,000. Revenues for our health plans grew only slightly, as we continued to concentrate on new market segments. As a result, health plan membership declined by 2 percent in 2002. However, we added members in small group and middle market accounts to counter the departures from many large group accounts where it is increasingly difficult to deploy cost-effective benefit designs. As affirmation of our strategy, company-wide enrollment grew toward the latter part of the year, while California and New Jersey's membership grew handsomely in small group and middle market segments. To address market needs and cost concerns, we introduced products that focus on networks of providers that share our commitment to the twin goals of quality and cost effectiveness. In addition, we launched products with variable hospital copays. Along with these products, we provided members and physicians Internet-based information about hospital cost and quality. We hope this promotes greater consumer participation in health care decisions at a time when rapidly rising hospital costs are the primary factor driving health care inflation. Our team serving dependents of active duty military personnel and military retirees and their dependents through the Department of Defense's TRICARE program had an excellent year. Their work is vital at such a critical time for our nation's armed forces. We are in the process of bidding on a new series of TRICARE contracts and hope we have the chance to continue in this important program for many years to come. Finally, in April the Board of Directors approved a $250 million share repurchase program. During 2002, the company repurchased 6.7 million shares. Simply put, we believe that buying Health Net's stock is the single best way to affirm our belief in the company's future. I hope you, as stockholders, continue to share our faith. During the fall, I saw our commitment first hand as I traveled around the country to introduce the new Mission, Vision and Goals to our associates. And what I saw was a team coming together to focus on One Mission, One Vision and One Future ­ dedicated to serving our members and rewarding the trust placed in us by you, our stockholders. Sincerely,

"IN SUM, 2002 WAS AN EVENTFUL AND SUCCESSFUL YEAR FOR HEALTH NET AND I AM PROUD OF ALL THAT OUR ASSOCIATES ACCOMPLISHED."

JAY GELLERT PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER MARCH 19, 2003
H E A L T H N E T, I N C . | 9

