                   (left to right)
Jay Gellert, President and Chief Executive Officer James Woys, Interim Chief Financial Officer
  4
Our enrollment growth and our new sales are coming primarily in small group, individual and smaller large groups. In 2006, we determined that these segments present better growth prospects for us than the largest groups.
As a further sign of our focus on small
group business, on February 28, 2007, we announced our intent to acquire 100 percent of our Healthcare Solutions joint venture. This joint venture, in place since 1995, covers all our small group business in the New
York tri-state area. We expect to complete the transaction with the Guardian, our joint venture partner, later this year.
Our new product introductions and product enhancements included features that appeal to these segments of the health plan business. Features associated with consumer directed health plans are increasingly popular and
our product line is now broader and more flexible than it was two years ago.
In last year’s annual report, we noted the investments we were making in Medicare in light of the opportunities presented by the implementation of the new Medicare prescription drug benefit (Part D).
Our 2005 investments paid off as we enrolled more than 300,000 new members in our
Part D plans in 10 states. Given our success, we decided to expand in 2007 to all
50 states. To date this year, we have added approximately 35,000 new Part D members.
Medicare Advantage is the traditional Medicare managed care program. We
are proud of our leadership in Medicare Advantage over the years, and we believe this has helped fuel enrollment growth in this program as we added 25,000 new members in five states in 2006. We are looking to add more members in 2007 both in traditional Medicare Advantage and in new private fee-for-service plans, which were launched
in January of this year. Thus far in 2007, we have added approximately 14,000 new members in these plans.
On March 31, 2006, we completed the acquisition of Universal Care’s health plan
to our stockholders

                assets. Over the last three quarters of the year, we fully integrated the Universal Care membership into our California plan. This acquisition was accretive to earnings in 2006 and helped our enrollment, especially in Medi-Cal, which is the Medicaid program
in California.
Our general and administrative expenses
did rise substantially in 2006 compared
with 2005. We also saw capital expenditures increase year-over-year. These necessary investments helped fuel our growth and contributed to improved performance across all health plans.
TRICARE had an outstanding year in 2006. Our efforts to effectively manage care are working, as actual health care costs were significantly below projected costs in 2006. We are very pleased that, in partnership with the Department of Defense, we have been able to mitigate health care cost trends for costs incurred in the civilian sector. Because of the risk-sharing features of this contract, our profitability improves as health care cost trends improve.
Health Net takes great pride in serving these beneficiaries. We are very pleased that, according to a survey completed in 2006, TRICARE beneficiaries have the highest satisfaction rates among all health plan members nationwide.
In 2006, we expanded our relationship with the Department of Defense as our behavioral health unit, MHN, began a contract to provide counseling services to our men and women in uniform.
We improved the balance sheet and strengthened our cash position in 2006. In the third quarter, we refinanced our debt, replacing our Senior Notes with more flexible bank debt. This led to reduced interest expense in the fourth quarter and will lower interest expense in the future.
Our operating cash flow improved in 2006, reaching approximately $278 million.
Our strong cash performance allowed the board of directors to reinstitute our stock repurchase program in October.
We subsequently purchased 5.5 million shares of Health Net common stock in the fourth quarter of 2006, and an additional
1 million shares in the first quarter of 2007, spending approximately $304 million. We believe this is one of the most efficient ways to enhance shareholder value. If, as we expect, our cash position remains strong, we hope to continue repurchasing shares in 2007.
Finally, as we entered 2007, the subject of health care reform moved front and center in many states and at the federal level.
We are actively engaged in the debate everywhere it impacts us. We applaud
efforts to address the challenge of insuring the uninsured – a critical public policy and societal need. We think that any reform must be fair to all and, more importantly, must actually work when executed. We will do our part to support a sensible solution.
We further believe that our diverse book
of commercial and government businesses positions us well no matter what the eventual outcome of these reform efforts may be.
We would like to close by thanking all of our associates for their hard work in 2006. In serving our customers’ needs every day, they drive Health Net’s ongoing success.
We are proud of our associates and pleased that our performance continues to improve. We also thank you, our stockholders, for your support and look forward to even better results in the years ahead.
Best regards,
Jay M. Gellert
president & chief executive officer
James E. Woys
executive vice president interim chief financial officer
march 15, 2007
  5
