DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS: THESE ARE CHALLENGING TIMES FOR HARLEY- DAVIDSON. BUT MAKE NO MISTAKE -- WE ARE TAKING A BOLD AND DISCIPLINED APPROACH TO MEETING THE CHALLENGES HEAD- ON. FOR 106 YEARS, THROUGH EVERY KIND OF ECONOMIC CYCLE, WE'VE BUILT AN ENDURING BUSINESS. WE'VE BUILT IT THROUGH THE DETERMINATION AND TALENTS OF MANY PEOPLE. WE'VE BUILT IT BY STAYING CLOSE TO OUR CUSTOMERS. AND AT ITS CORE, WE'VE BUILT IT BY BUILDING THE WORLD'S GREATEST MOTORCYCLES.
While our durability is being tested by one of the most challenging economic times since the Great Depression, we are taking the actions required to deal with today's challenges and sustain the long-term vitality of Harley-Davidson.  Our 2008 financial results clearly reflect the significant pressures being brought to bear on our business by this severe economic downturn. Revenue decreased 2.3 percent to $5.59 billion, primarily on an 8.2 percent decline in shipments of Harley-Davidson® motorcycles as we lowered our shipments in response to deteriorating market conditions. Net income fell 29.9 percent to
$654.7 million, reflecting both the performance of
STRATEGY FOR THE CURRENT ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT > We know you rightly expect us to

GET THE COST STRUCTURE RIGHT > While we

prevalent source of funding -- were largely closed for much of 2008 and into 2009.  As I write this letter, the credit markets are progressing slowly and are still far from functioning properly. We continue to work on putting various alternatives in place to fund the lending activities of HDFS and we believe we can continue to meet
HDFS' liquidity needs.
INVEST IN THE BRAND > Great brands are built by

For example:
·

 as do women and other diverse audiences. We are heavily focused on converting that aspiration into purchases, creating new generations of riders for years to come.
·

·

And most important, we have a dedicated team of talented employees who are incredibly passionate about leading Harley-Davidson back to growth.

carefully managed the expansion of our production capacity during the vigorous growth of the 1990s and early part of this decade, the past two years of substantial shipment declines have altered the economic dynamics of our business. Our fixed cost structure is simply too high -- especially in this environment.  As a result, we have announced a number of changes, including the planned consolidation of some of our production facilities as well as our parts, accessories and general merchandise distribution operations. Our objective is to reduce excess capacity, gain significant efficiencies and substantially adjust our cost structure.  We have a fundamental belief in American manufacturing, and we're proud of the leading role we have played in demonstrating that American manufacturing can indeed compete and win on a sustained basis. We believe American manufacturing can thrive over the long term in a 21st century global economy if it continues to evolve, and we are determined to show the foresight required to make that progress happen at Harley-Davidson.
OBTAIN FUNDING FOR HDFS > Harley-Davidson

We introduced the Tri GlideTM motorcycle last July, which expands the Harley-Davidson experience and extends the riding lifecycle. In fact, there is a current waiting list for Tri Glide and we are increasing its production.

GROWING OUR CORE. We continue to develop new

This is my 40 th and final year at Harley-Davidson. As our Board of Directors moves through its process to identify my successor, please know that I am completely determined to make sure the actions we take today will be judged 40 years from now as disciplined, bold and effective. Working at Harley-Davidson continues to be a great privilege and, until the transition is fully completed, I feel an intense personal obligation to provide the strong leadership this great company deserves.  I want to thank our employees, dealers and suppliers for their remarkable efforts in the face of great challenges. Never has the Harley-Davidson spirit been so apparent, and I am grateful to work with so many exceptional people.  Most especially, I thank our shareholders. Our styling chief, the legendary Willie G. Davidson, often reminds Harley-Davidson riders that "We Ride With You. " You should know we feel the same sense of stewardship when it comes to our shareholders. Even more important, please know how much we appreciate the trust you show by riding with us. We're determined to reward that trust by making sure Harley-Davidson will indeed ride with discipline and boldness, both today and for the long term. Sincerely,

ways for existing riders to ride more and get more out of their experiences. We see solid growth potential across a broad spectrum of customers, not only as new people come into the Harley-Davidson family, but also as we extend their time in the saddle after years of riding.
·

·

We introduced the Iron 883TM in January, broadening the reach of Harley-Davidson authenticity at a suggested retail price under $8,000.

motorcycles in 2009 than last year, as we continue to prudently manage our shipments consistent with the expected slowing of consumer spending.

·

We rolled out our "Ride Free" Sportster® motorcycle trade-up program, which allows customers to buy a Sportster model and then receive full manufacturer's suggested retail price when they trade up later. "Ride Free" demonstrates our disciplined approach to triggering consumer purchases in ways that actually build brand value.

consistent investment in product development and marketing, in both good times and bad. While we are being careful to allocate our product development and marketing dollars wisely, we are strongly committed to properly supporting the brand.  The Harley-Davidson brand consistently ranks among the strongest of the strong. It is built on personal relationships and deep connections with customers, unmatched riding experiences, a proud history and, more than anything, the unique ability of our products to fulfill the dreams of every generation that comes along.  For example, our 105th Anniversary Celebration last August drew larger crowds than the milestone
100th Anniversary, despite lagging consumer
·

EXPANDING GLOBALLY. New Harley-Davidson

motorcycle retail sales outside the U.S. grew
10.3 percent in 2008, despite the global economic

manage the Company well in both good times and bad. But even more so, we feel a strong sense of stewardship, not just to guide Harley-Davidson successfully through the current economic challenges, but to do so in a way that best protects and enhances the Harley-Davidson brand as well as drives future growth over the long term. We are determined to make wise choices in the short term that will best equip Harley-Davidson for long-term success.  Consequently, we have developed a clear three-pronged strategy to guide Harley-Davidson through this difficult recession and at the same time strengthen our operations, our market presence and our financial results for the longer term.  Our three-pronged strategy is focused on:
1) getting our cost structure right; 2) obtaining

slowdown. While we expect a modest decline in overall international retail sales this year, we believe our international opportunities remain strong once the economy turns around. Our acquisition of MV Agusta last August is an example of our global strategy in action, representing a great opportunity to expand our footprint in Europe and deepen our offerings in high-performance sport motorcycles, which account for more than
70 percent of the European market.

We opened the Harley-Davidson Museum in our hometown of Milwaukee, creating a destination where riders and non-riders alike can more fully experience our brand.

Of course, the best way to strengthen the Harley-Davidson brand is to make our great motorcycles even greater. We have dedicated this annual report to sharing with you how we are focused more intensely than ever-- despite the external challenges -- on expanding this core strength and bringing products to market that resonate across the spectrum of riders.
LONG-TERM POTENTIAL > While the current circum·

the motorcycles business and lower profitability at Harley-Davidson Financial Services (HDFS). Diluted earnings per share declined 25.4 percent to $2.79. And at year-end, our share price was
63.7 percent lower than when the year started.

confidence and falling discretionary spending.  The 105th underscores the enormous appeal and drawing power of the Harley-Davidson brand and I believe bodes well for the future. It demonstrates how, even in a recession, people of all ages and from all walks of life are connecting with the richness of the Harley-Davidson experience. It also speaks to something we've known for a long time: for many people, a Harley-Davidson motorcycle is anything but discretionary. It's an essential statement of identity.  We are also expanding the brand and stimulating consumer interest and demand in many other ways.

We have the unique resources required to turn that long-term potential into reality.
·

Financial Services was profitable in 2008 and remains a consistent source of wholesale financing for dealers and retail financing for customers. This is especially important, given the reduced access to credit from other sources that consumers and dealers have faced.  As with most finance companies, the turmoil in the credit markets has substantially disrupted the access that HDFS has to the capital needed to fund its lending activities. The asset-backed securitization markets -- traditionally our most

 While these are disappointing results, it's important to keep them in perspective. Despite consumers watching their discretionary spending more closely than at any time in recent history, our dealers sold 313,769 new Harley-Davidson motorcycles worldwide, a 7.1 percent decline versus 2007, but more than a 217 percent increase versus a decade ago.  Looking ahead, we have announced our plan to ship 10­13 percent fewer Harley-Davidson

We have one of the world's most recognized and powerful brands. Our brand is one that has been built on uniquely satisfying products. We have the best motorcycle dealer network in the world, comprised of dedicated local entrepreneurs who live and breathe Harley-Davidson in their communities.

funding for HDFS to help our dealers sell motorcycles and retail customers buy them; and
3) investing in the Harley-Davidson brand.

stances are difficult, the long-term growth potential of our business remains substantial, and we see three principal means for realizing that potential.
·

Our management team is executing this threepronged strategy with discipline and boldness.

BROADENING OUR BASE. We know that younger

·

We have an amazing heritage of resilience and durability, which helps enable us to manage through challenges with poise and boldness.

JAMES L. ZIEMER

generations aspire to the attitude, authenticity and adventure that our motorcycles represent,

President and Chief Executive Officer Harley-Davidson, Inc.

