02

Harley-Davidson, Inc. 2011 Annual Report

In 2011, Harley-Davidson's journey of transformation gained great momentum. It is a multifaceted journey to make us more agile and more effective at exceeding customer expectations, and, in doing so, to create growth opportunities and sustain our business for all stakeholders far into the future.

changes in seasonal demand. We also expect to have significantly greater flexibility to adjust product mix based on retail demand. Similar changes are underway in the operating structure at our manufacturing facilities in Kansas City, Milwaukee and Tomahawk, Wis. Harley-Davidson employees in our Complete Knock-Down (CKD) production facilities in Manaus, Brazil, and Bawal, India, are implementing the same common operating system as well. And in Manaus, we moved into larger space to provide the capacity to meet the needs of that growing market. In short, every aspect of our approach to manufacturing centers on one thing: getting the right motorcycle to the right customer at the right time. Shorter Product Development Times When it comes to creating remarkable motorcycles, we have re-engineered our entire product development approach with a focus on three key elements: 1) a laser focus on the best product opportunities; 2) reduced time-to-market; and 3) increased product development capacity through eciencies. While Harley-Davidson has an outstanding lineup of products, and they are clearly a driving force behind our success at retail, what we are the most excited about is that the best is yet to come! Today in product development, there are 30 percent more projects in development than there were just two years ago. We are devoting 25 percent more engineering resources to innovation. Over the coming years, customers will see a remarkable stream of new products: motorcycles for our core market, our outreach markets and international markets. A Premium Customer Experience... the World Over At retail, Harley-Davidson and its worldwide dealer network are creating the vision and implementing the strategy to keep us great--not just as the best motorcycle dealer network, but as one of the world's best retailers.

We have come a long way from where we began just over two years ago, and our 2011 results reflect this progress. Income from continuing operations more than doubled to $548.1 million on a 9.3 percent increase in revenue, compared to 2010. At retail, the Harley-Davidson brand showed its continued power and appeal, with sales of new Harley-Davidson motorcycles up 5.9 percent globally for the full year compared to the prior year. In the fourth quarter alone, new HarleyDavidson motorcycle retail sales grew 10.9 percent globally year over year, including an 11.8 percent increase in the U.S.--our largest market. Our share of the U.S. heavyweight market stood at a record 55.7 percent in 2011. We were also number one or number two in heavyweight motorcycle market share in nine countries across Europe. We generated strong growth in Latin America as the result of a significant number of new dealers. And new Harley-Davidson motorcycle sales in the Asia Pacific region grew, despite the effects of the natural disaster early in the year in Japan--our largest market in the region.

While we celebrate these and other 2011 successes, our focus remains clearly on the road ahead and the continued execution of our transformation strategy. We expect the changes underway in our approach to product development, manufacturing and the retail experience will enable Harley-Davidson to be world-class and customer-led in everything we do, and we are pursuing this work with a relentless drive. Flexible Manufacturing In 2011, we made great strides in the transformation of our York operations. All Touring, Softail® and Tri Glide® motorcycles are now built under one roof, on one assembly line. Even more powerful than the bricks-and-mortar change is the change in the culture, where the employees on the line are creating and implementing operating improvements on a daily basis. Beginning in early 2013, we expect to have surge capability at York, enabling us to more closely match production to

03

Together with our dealers, we are marshalling the resources, the systems, the tools, capabilities and talent that will improve all the ways Harley-Davidson interacts with customers. One example is eCommerce, where later this year we will roll out an entirely new, rich and distinctly Harley-Davidson online shopping experience. The goal of this transformation at retail is quite simple: to provide a premium retail experience with every customer, every day and everywhere, while strengthening dealer profitability. Just as with the transformations in product development and manufacturing, we believe the opportunities and potential are tremendous.

contributions of Willie G. Davidson, who is retiring at the end of April after nearly half a century as head of styling. Willie will stay close to Harley-Davidson as Chief Styling Ocer Emeritus, and through special design projects and his presence at rallies and events. Few individuals have the kind of impact on an organization, a brand and a lifestyle that Willie has had, and his legacy will continue to grow, thanks to the talent he has nurtured in the HarleyDavidson styling studios. Everyone with a love for motorcycles owes a great deal to his vision and talent. All of us are honored to have been blessed by his presence. Clearly, Harley-Davidson has an amazing history and story. We also believe there is

We believe there is tremendous untapped potential in this great brand, and through our transformation we are unleashing that potential.
We also continue to expand the Harley-Davidson experience to the many roads of the world. In 2011, we added 35 dealers in international markets, including Mexico, India, Thailand, Turkey, China and Brazil. Fulfilling Dreams At the core, these three transformations-- in manufacturing, product development and at retail--come down to one thing: we must ensure, in a world of ever-increasing customer expectations, Harley-Davidson continues to fulfill dreams through remarkable motorcycles and extraordinary customer experiences far into the future. While fulfilling dreams is truly a team effort, I want to recognize, on behalf of all of us at Harley-Davidson, the extraordinary tremendous untapped potential in this great brand, and through our transformation we are unleashing that potential. While much remains to be done, we are well down the road and everyone involved deserves much credit for bringing these changes to life. I continue to be impressed by the efforts of all our employees, dealers and suppliers to deliver for our customers. No doubt there will be challenges on the road ahead. But our vision is clear and we are resolute in our determination, working as one company, one team and moving in one direction, to deliver for all our stakeholders.

Keith E. Wandell Chairman, President and Chief Executive Ocer Harley-Davidson, Inc.

