02

Lean Forward

Harley-Davidson, Inc. 2010 Annual Report

03

Keith E. Wandell President & Chief Executive Officer

Harley-Davidson made great progress in 2010 on transforming our company to be leaner, more agile and more effective than ever at delivering great products and an outstanding experience to our increasingly global community of customers.

In a year when the economy continued to place a stubborn damper on consumer spending in many markets, we expanded our international presence, saw improved results from our motorcycle business driven by the transformation of our operations, and returned Harley-Davidson Financial Services (HDFS) to solid profitability. While there is still a lot of hard work ahead, we are confident that we are positioning Harley-Davidson for ongoing improvement and success.  Our 2010 results reflect both our progress and the continued challenges of the broader economy. Although retail sales of new Harley-Davidson® motorcycles decreased 8.5 percent worldwide on a full-year basis versus 2009, fourth quarter retail sales were nearly level with the prior-year quarter, decreasing 1.0 percent worldwide and 0.2 percent in the U.S. We are encouraged by the direction at retail, yet continue to be cautious in our 2011 motorcycle sales outlook. Throughout 2010, we worked diligently to manage supply in line with demand, and we remain committed to this as it is key to maintaining our premium brand positioning.

We are pleased with the improvements we were able to achieve in our profitability this past year. Income from continuing operations more than tripled to $259.7 million compared to the prior year as HDFS returned to the black, reporting operating income of $181.9 million compared to a loss of $118.0 million in 2009, and operating income from motorcycles and related products rose 20.6 percent to $378.8 million. Delivering on Our Strategy At the center of our progress on improving our performance and moving toward growth lies the strategic direction we introduced in late 2009. We moved this strategy into high gear in 2010, focusing our investments in ways that will further strengthen the powerful Harley-Davidson brand, provide the flexibility to be more customer-responsive than ever, continue to lower our cost structure, foster continuous improvement throughout the organization and promote growth globally.  Two primary areas of focus under our strategy are the transformations currently under way in manufacturing and product development, which will make Harley-Davidson truly world-class when it comes to meeting and exceeding customer expectations.

04

Lean Forward

Harley-Davidson, Inc. 2010 Annual Report

05

16.7% Europe [$699.5]

" Two primary areas of focus under our strategy are the transformations currently under way in manufacturing and product development."

Motorcycles and Related Products Segment

5.6% Japan [$234.2]

Motorcycles and Related Products Segment

17.9% Parts & Accessories [$749.2]

REVENUE DISTRIBUTION BY REGION
dollars in millions

3.8% Canada [$157.6]

REVENUE DISTRIBUTION BY PRODUCT LINE
dollars in millions

$4,176.6

$4,176.6

3.3% Australia [$136.2] 3.1% Rest of World [$131.1] 67.5% U. S. [$2,818.0]

6.2% General Merchandise [$259.1] 0.4% Other [$15.0] 75.5% Motorcycles [$3,153.3]

Transforming Manufacturing Beginning with the implementation of a new labor agreement at our York, Pa., assembly operations in the first quarter, and followed by the ratification of new labor agreements at our Wisconsin operations last summer and just recently in Kansas City, we are moving decisively forward with the transformation of our entire approach to manufacturing. When the new production system is fully implemented, Harley-Davidson will have a best-in-class, team-based, lean operating structure across all our operations, built on a foundation of continuous improvement and standardized processes.  Much more than a way to reduce costs, the new production system is all about getting customers the motorcycles they want, when they want them. Through this transformation, we will gain a much better ability to adjust to seasonal or other fluctuations in demand and changes in customer model preferences, and enhance our ability to make "every customer a custom" through initiatives like the recently launched H-D1TM factory customization initiative. Transforming Product Development Our motorcycles and the experiences they provide have always been at the heart of our market leadership. Nothing will contribute more to our ability to grow and expand our reach still farther than bringing new generations of products to market. It is one of my highest priorities as CEO, and in 2010 we began the heavy lifting to fundamentally transform our entire approach to product development.  Whether in the ongoing evolution of our iconic V-Twin motorcycles, the development of alternate approaches to new motorcycles for the global market, or the deployment of advanced technologies, we are intent on further asserting our leadership as a global force on two-wheels.

To achieve our vision of expanded product leadership, the transformation of our product development is focused on three key areas:  One, reduce the time it takes to bring new products to market through lean product development methodologies--taking about 30 percent off the development clock.  T  wo, make sure our focus is laser sharp when choosing which products to develop. At Harley-Davidson, we live and breathe motorcycles, we ride with our customers and we have the best talent in the industry--all of which are essential to product development. But to make the best even better, we are gathering even greater levels of consumer and dealer insights into our product planning.  T  hree, increase our capacity to simultaneously handle more product development initiatives, not as a result of a major expansion of resources, but through the deployment of worldclass lean product development processes. It's all about being customer-led in our approach to products like never before. It is exciting work, our teams are energized and we've got some great things in the works that we look forward to sharing in the future.

Expanding Our Strength Worldwide We know from market share growth, along with our brand research results and the feedback we get from customers everywhere, that the Harley-Davidson brand is as strong or stronger than ever. Our multigenerational, multicultural approach calls for us to continue building on this unique strength, growing sales to our core customers while growing sales to outreach customers at a faster rate. It also calls for us to grow in international markets faster than we grow in the U.S.  In 2010, international retail Harley-Davidson motorcycle sales accounted for more than 35 percent of total sales and by 2014, we expect the number to exceed 40 percent, compared to 25 percent just four years ago. In Europe, we claimed the number two spot in the heavyweight market in 2010--no small feat in such a highly competitive motorcycling culture.  We added dealer points in 13 developing markets in 2010, including India, Russia, Mexico, Turkey, Jordan, China and Ecuador, and for the first time the number of full-service Harley-Davidson dealerships outside the U.S. exceeded the number in the U.S. We also have opened regional headquarters offices in Singapore for the Asia Pacific region and Miami for the Latin America region, joining our longstanding EMEA headquarters in Oxford, England.  In the U.S. we are the longtime heavyweight motorcycle market leader and in 2010 we grew our share of the market to a record 54.9 percent. We also are the U.S. heavyweight market share leader among young adults ages 18-34, women, and African-American and Hispanic riders.

One Company, One Team, One Direction As we look back on 2010, we feel good about our results and the progress we have made. We also know that market conditions in many places remain challenging and we have more to do if we are going to take full advantage of the many opportunities we see.  Our progress is possible only through the many extraordinary contributions of our employees, dealers and suppliers. We have dealt with a lot of change in a short amount of time and our employees are truly doing an outstanding job, including great leadership from the elected union officials. Our dealers are also to be recognized for everything they are doing to bring a premium Harley-Davidson experience to customers in a challenging business environment.  Over the past year, I have had many opportunities to meet with our dealers in the U.S. and abroad, ride with our customers and talk with our employees. Everywhere I go, I never cease to be amazed by the pride and passion that's associated with our motorcycles and our brand.  As we look to the rest of 2011 and beyond, we are confident that, leaning forward to address the challenges and create new opportunities, we will continue to make great progress and gain momentum.

Keith E. Wandell President & Chief Executive Officer

