This legend grows through

Pas on pur ose
Dear fellow Shareholder:

Harley -Davidson has thrived on its ability to see opportunity,

to take on challenges, and to adapt to changing market needs and a changing world for more than a century. It was true at the dawn of the Company, during America's transportation revolution, when dozens of startup motorcycle manufacturers were vying for a foothold in the market, and in the years that followed, as our young industry evolved from transportation to recreation. It was true during the late 1970s and early 1980s, when external economic conditions, global competitors and our own internal problems nearly overcame us or at those other times when we've hit smaller bumps in -- the road. It was true during the 1990s and early 2000s, when our volume more than tripled in an extraordinary and unprecedented explosion of growth. And it was true in 2005, as Harley -Davidson celebrated its 20th consecutive year of record revenue and earnings and continued its undisputed market leadership as always amid a changing -- landscape. Throughout our history, our passion for what we do, along with the sense of purpose that we bring to this business, have guided our success.

p. 

This legend grows through passion and purpose

          















           

HARLEY- DAVIDSON, INC. DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
In dollars, from continuing operations

Today, more than ever, we are seizing the opportunity to attract new customers, go new places and grow our leading presence in the marketplace. With our strong array of products and services and those that are in the pipeline, our dealer network and our financial resources, and with the tremendous efforts and ingenuity of all of our employees, Harley-Davidson is in a great position for sustainable, long-term growth.
2005 results    In

2005, Harley-Davidson consolidated revenue grew to $5.34 billion, a 6.5% increase over 2004, while net income grew 7.8% to $959.6 million. Diluted full-year earnings per share rose 13.7% to $3.41 compared to 2004. We shipped 329,017 new HarleyDavidson motorcycles to dealerships globally. Our dealers again retailed record numbers of new Harley-Davidson and Buell motorcycles. For the full year, worldwide retail sales of Harley-Davidson motorcycles grew 6.2% to 317,169 units and international retail sales grew 15.0% compared to 2004. Harley-Davidson Europe had an absolutely gangbuster year, with retail sales of Harley-Davidson motorcycles climbing 19.9% over the prior year. Parts & Accessories revenue grew 4.4% to $815.7 million in 2005. Revenue from General Merchandise, which includes MotorClothes® apparel and collectibles, totaled $247.9 million, a 10.8% increase over 2004. Revenue for Buell motorcycles was $93.1 million in 2005, a 17.8% increase from 2004, on a 13.3% growth

in shipments. Buell motorcycles continued to have strong appeal in international markets, which accounted for more than half of the brand's 2005 retail volume. The Buell UlyssesTM adventure sportbike launched to broad acclaim and solid sales both in the U.S. and abroad and further established Buell's credentials as a leader in technological innovation. Harley-Davidson Financial Services (HDFS) reported operating income of $191.6 million, up 1.6% from the prior year. HDFS' market share of consumer new Harley-Davidson and Buell motorcycle loans grew to approximately 45% in 2005, compared to about 40% in 2004. These hard-won results demonstrate HDFS' ability to navigate the increasingly competitive consumer lending environment and aggressively manage the business for growth. At year-end Harley -Davidson had over $1 billion of cash and marketable securities on hand, even after increasing the Company's total dividend payout 45.7% to $173.8 million for the year and repurchasing stock totaling $1.05 billion. Cash is a powerful driver of our performance, enabling us to do many things that are the underpinnings of our growth. For example, many of our motorcycles are the result of our investment in product development over the last few years, including doubling the size of the Willie G. Davidson Product Development Center. This sound investment will continue to produce results for years to come as we aggressively bring new products to market.

p. 

sustainability  One of the key stories for 2005 -- besides

the numbers -- was how Harley-Davidson continued to make the transition from operating in the unique, superheated economy and selling environment that we experienced in the 1990 s and early 2000 s to one that is sustainable on an ongoing basis. And this was an important transition to make. Quite simply, the high levels of unmet consumer demand for our bikes that we experienced for years was no way to run a business for the long term. I never met a customer who thanked me when he or she had to pay substantially over m.s.r.p. for a motorcycle, or when delivery of that motorcycle might take a year or longer. Continuous growth cannot be sustained under those kinds of circumstances. And sustainability over the long haul is what we've been about as a company and as an investment, going all the way back to our IPO 20 years ago. Some on Wall Street may have had an affinity for a

However, let's be clear. Harley-Davidson is a premium product and a premium brand. We're going to continue to run the business to protect the value of the brand by making sure that our motorcycle shipments to dealers are supported by retail growth. That's why we monitor the selling prices of new and used motorcycles so carefully. That's also why we reduced our production growth by 10,000 units in 2005. We took this precautionary step in the second quarter to maintain demand in excess of supply. We know that this action was absolutely the right thing to do to get the 2006 model year off to a great start.
retail experiences   On the road ahead, the retail selling

environment continues to grow in importance. I'm confident our dealer network is up to the challenge. Time after time over the years, Harley-Davidson dealers have adapted, expanded, invested and changed to meet the challenges of a growing, dynamic business.

the all new 2006 dyna family

T he 2006 line of Harley-Davidson® motorcycles--36 models in all--is one of the strongest ever.
product scarcity model, but it made for understandably frustrated customers, some of whom undoubtedly went down the street to a competitor. Walk into dealer showrooms today and you'll notice something different: they have new motorcycles in stock. It may come as an eye-opener to those who grew used to seeing dealerships largely devoid of new bikes (and who somehow viewed that as the proper order of things), but greater inventory is a planned result to help ensure that our dealers have bikes available when customers want to buy them. We're hard at work with our dealers -- already the best in the industry by far -- to create the ultimate customerfriendly retail experience, attract entirely new audiences and make sure we take great care of the legions of existing customers. How? Through products, services and customer experiences that are second to none. By widening our reputation as the undisputed owner of customization. By establishing and driving a product development cycle that has dramatically cut the time it takes to bring new motorcycles to market. And through MotorClothes

p. 

This legend grows through passion and purpose

apparel, participation in a broad spectrum of events that keep us close to our customers and a whole host of other initiatives. The 2006 line of Harley-Davidson  motorcycles is one of the strongest ever. We introduced seven new models, including the Street BobTM and the Street GlideTM , which have blazed new leadership trails in the custom category. We also brought a totally re-engineered family of Dyna motorcycles to market. In fact, year-over-year retail sales of Harley-Davidson motorcycles both in the U.S. and internationally grew significantly faster in the second half of 2005 than in the first half. Customer excitement over the 2006 product line introduced in July undoubtedly had an impact on that result, as did our dealers' efforts to bring in customers. In Europe, our strong performance is the result of a number of actions. Heading into 2005, we were benefiting
product impact

As we reflect on 2005, Harley-Davidson is strong and well-positioned for the road ahead. We've got great products (with more on the way), great people, great financial resources, and solid retail performance and growth prospects. And we have seasoned, creative leadership, including the addition in 2005 of Jim Haney as Vice President and Chief Information Officer; a new role for Jerry Wilke as Vice President of Customer Relationships and Motorcycle Product Planning; and the promotions of Fred Gates to General Manager, York Vehicle Operations and Jeff Merten to Managing Director, Asia Pacific and Latin America. " Legend" This legend grows    is a label that's often used to describe Harley-Davidson. My first brush with this legend came at age eight when my family moved into a home in Harley-Davidson's Juneau Avenue neighborhood in Milwaukee. The Company's motorcycle

As we reflect on 2005 , Harley-Davidson is strong and well-positioned for the road ahead.
fully from re-engineering our motorcycle supply pipeline, which provided better product selection and more timely availability. We stepped up our focus on products specifically suited to the European market. We increased our marketing investment. We continued to see the benefits of our move to subsidiary-based retail operations in a number of key European markets and the improved business capabilities of European dealers everywhere. These strategic initiatives and the results they are producing illustrate the rigor of our approach to international business.
THREE CONSTANTS  I

believe there have been three constants in our success as a company: 1. Our passion for this business, for riding, and for relating to and being one with our customers; 2. Our sense of purpose -- in other words, our focus on growing demand by offering great products and unique experiences; and 3. Operational Excellence -- which is the continuous, relentless drive to eliminate waste in all aspects of our operations and to run Harley -Davidson better and more efficiently with each passing day. And I believe these three things -- being close to our customers, growth and Operational Excellence -- hold the keys to the future.

test riders regularly went cruising past our house. One day, they stopped at a neighbor's home and gave me my first up-close-and-personal look. And for me, as for so many others, the legend grew from there. I had my first motorcycle ride at 15 and was hooked for life. After working in many parts of this great company for more than 36 years--including manufacturing, engineering, Parts & Accessories, finance and accounting, serving as Chief Financial Officer for 14 years and, way back at the start, as a freight elevator operator in the Union -- it is indeed a privilege for me, as Chief Executive Officer, to be able to help guide this legend to a great future. Harley-Davidson has had quite a story over its 103 years. It's a story of constant change and challenge, passion and purpose. But the most exciting story is the one that continues to unfold each and every day, as we witness all of the varied and imaginative ways that this legend grows.

James Ziemer
President and Chief Executive Officer, Harley-Davidson, Inc.

