TO OUR SHAREOWNERS
Pictured on opposite page
(from left to right)
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
PETER M. KREINDLER
Senior Vice President and General Counsel
NANCE K. DICCIANI
President and
Chief Executive Officer Specialty Materials
ROBERT GILLETTE
President and
Chief Executive Officer Aerospace
MARK JAMES
Senior Vice President Human Resources and Communications
SHANE TEDJARATI
President Honeywell China
DAVID M. COTE
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
ADRIANE M. BROWN
President and
Chief Executive Officer Transportation Systems
DAVID J. ANDERSON
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
LARRY E. KITTELBERGER
Senior Vice President Technology and Operations
RHONDA GERMANY
Vice President Strategy and Business Development
ROGER FRADIN
President and
Chief Executive Officer Automation and Control Solutions
We had another wonderful year ... and there are more to come.
The financials were terrific and the stock market is beginning to notice our continued outperformance of the industry. Honeywell was the number one performer in the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA). While the DJIA was up 6%, and the S&P 500 was up 4%, we were up 36%! And that performance built on a great base given that in the previous four years we significantly outperformed the indices coming in with 107% total shareowner return versus the S&P 500 at 73% and the DJIA at 49%. Not bad ... not bad at all ... and it feels good ... for all of us.
PERFORMANCE During the year, we increased sales by 10% to
$34.6 billion, increased earnings per share by 25% to $3.16 per share, and increased free cash flow (cash flow from operations less capital expenditures) by nearly $700 million to $3.1 billion. On top of that, we increased the dividend for the fourth consecutive year by 10% (up 47% over the last four years), repurchased $4 billion of our shares, and completed $1.2 billion in acquisitions, further building our growth platforms. Our acquisition process works incredibly well ... it’s disciplined, we don’t overpay, and we integrate companies very well. Over the last five years we’ve spent about $5 billion on value-building acquisitions and received more than $2 billion in dispositions of value-depleting businesses. Both have made us stronger ... providing upside and limiting downside. Our share repurchase program has also been highly successful. While many announced share buybacks merely hold shares constant, the $7.8 billion we’ve spent over the last five years has reduced our share count 13% from a high of 863 million to 747 million today.
We have been, and will continue to be, highly disciplined in our
cash deployment. It starts with being a good cash generator ... and that’s improved a lot ... and will continue to do so. Four years ago, we generated $1.5 billion in free cash flow and paid about $650 million in dividends, leaving about $900 million for deployment. In 2007, while free cash flow has a bit more than doubled to $3.1 billion, the amount available for further value deployment has increased more than two and a half times to $2.4 billion. The dividend, while up 47% on a per share basis, will increase only 27% in outflow because of our extensive repurchases. That creates a lot of opportunity for us to outperform ... in good times and in tough times.
PERFORMANCE CONTINUES Continued growth in earnings and free cash flow will occur because of (1) the strength of our businesses, (2) our constant focus on process improvements through the Five Initiatives, and (3) management depth and One Honeywell. We’ve talked about this a lot in the past. They are working ... and we’ll continue with them. There is still a lot of upside to be gleaned in Honeywell.
The strength of our business starts with having great positions in good industries. A simple but incredibly important concept. We’ve acquired only in areas where we could make a difference (and didn’t overpay); divested where it was a bad industry or a bad position (and sometimes both); and invested greatly in new products, services, and geographies to further
 9
GREAT POSITIONS IN GOOD INDUSTRIES
 
 SALES
Percentage
44 44 45 48 49
           56 56
55
52 51
      2003 2004 2005 2006 2007
Outside the U.S. Inside the U.S.
  GREAT POSITIONS IN GOOD INDUSTRIES
10
strengthen an already strong portfolio. We now have a nice blend of long- cycle/short-cycle businesses with about 50% outside the U.S., up from around 40% a few years ago. We are getting stronger in every business and geography every year. The change is apparent in every business.
The Aerospace reorganization implemented a couple years ago reduced structure and considerably improved our customer focus and new product drive. Customer responsiveness shows not just in the process
(like reducing 272 customer contact phone numbers to two and upgrading our talent base) but in customer surveys. A great example is the recent AIN survey (Aviation International News) identifying Honeywell as the turbofan engine manufacturer with the highest percentage change in customer support improvements during 2007 for the HTF7000 engine. That customer service (and a great product portfolio) has been a direct contributor to
major wins like (1) the $16 billion Airbus A350 Xtra Wide-Body, (2) the AirTran $1 billion aftermarket contract (our largest commercial aftermarket services win ever), and (3) displacing a competitor’s APU (auxiliary power unit) on 196 aircraft in the US Airways’ fleet. Macro trends provide a great tailwind to our Aerospace business with increasing commercial travel as the world becomes wealthier and start-up airlines make air travel more affordable. There is growing demand for avionics upgrades as the need for better runway safety and modernized air traffic control systems are recognized. With more than 15,000 business jets in use today ... an increase of about 40% since 2001 ... the growth in this segment is robust in both new aircraft and demand for
avionics retrofits and spare parts. Over the next 5 years, we expect another 6,000 aircraft to enter service, with the market shifting from 60% in the U.S. in 2001 to 60% outside of the U.S.
Automation and Control Solutions (ACS) continues to gain share
and organic margin rate increased in every business largely because of global expansion and a super-invigorated focus on new products that
was initiated about four years ago. Additionally, they have become an acquisition machine ... looking at hundreds of possibilities to garner the few we have completed. From identification (adding to existing positions like Novar and finding great adjacencies like gas detection with Zellweger/First Technology and imaging with Hand Held Products)
through valuation, due diligence, and integration ... ACS excels. ACS
has established a wonderful platform with extensive “seed-planting” so we don’t just grow this year or the next ... but into the future. The rejuvenation has been especially acute in our Solutions business and required a lot
of investment and effort. It was worth it because now we are growing this segment rapidly and while some might point to the lower margin rate, we would point to the 20% ROI (return on investment – ratio of net income before interest expense to cash deployed in the businesses) and say it’s a smart place to focus. Global macro trends for energy efficiency, increased concerns about security and safety, and mid-market products in emerging economies all provide a great foundation for growth.product/services prod-
  
Transportation Systems (TS) has undergone two rebuilding years
as we’ve invested to support the launch of our considerable new product/platform wins in Turbo Technologies. We experienced an unexpected fall-off in our Consumer Products Group (CPG) largely because of reduced demand caused by high gasoline prices and operational challenges. The turbo launches kick in during the second
half of 2008 and continue at an increasing rate
through 2011. During the last two years we have won
about two-thirds of worldwide orders for turbos. Even
if auto sales decline, we should see increasing sales
in TS because of increased turbo penetration and
platform wins. The global macro trend for auto fuel
efficiency and the need to reduce emissions is driving
both dieselization and turbo gasoline growth, providing
a slipstream for TS growth. Being a strong, high-performing, multi-industry company gives us the foundation to support these magnificent growth prospects while still delivering big for the company.
Specialty Materials (SM) has seen the greatest portfolio retooling of all our businesses. We divested a lot, reduced structure, invested in our products, and acquired UOP... all good. The retooling shows up especially well in our Resins and Chemicals business (formerly called Nylon) where the inability to recover raw material costs caused incredible deterioration
in financial performance during the low point in a cycle. Today, through divestitures we reduced exposure by a fourth and in the remainder we have two-thirds of it covered through a complete raw material pass-through contract. Plus, we now have a terrific new fertilizer product in Sulf-N® 26 ... it reopens the ammonium nitrate market by combining it with ammonium sulfate to significantly lower explosion potential. UOP markets (primarily long cycle) continue strong with backlog up 41% from last year, and UOP also developed the EcofiningTM process (a process technology to produce green diesel). Ecofining creates real, drop-in diesel fuel from plants (soy, corn, jatropha, and eventually cellulosic and algae) ... and is not to be confused with biodiesel which requires blending with real diesel fuel because of its corrosive effects on pipelines, fuel pumps, and engines.
The first green diesel refinery is being built by Eni S.p.A. and starts up in 2009. Macro trends for greener energy, more
refinery capacity, the ability to process heavier
crude oil, and the need for non-ozone depleting
coolants like HFCs portend a great SM future.
PROCESSES The benefit of a great business portfolio gets expanded with our process focus in the Five Initiatives. Processes in every part of the company ... businesses and functions ... are getting better every day and have a lot of room to get better still ... that’s all good. Growth, Productivity, Cash, People, and our Enablers ... it’s a winner.
At our two-day SLM (Senior Leadership Meeting) comprising our top 300 leaders, we concentrated almost exclusively on our new
 The strength of our business starts with having great positions in good industries. A simple but incredibly important concept.
 RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT
SPEND
In Millions
 $1,411 $1,459
      $1,072 $917
 $751
3.3%
2003 2004
4.5% 3.9%
4.2%
                  3.6%
 2005 2006 2007
 Total Spend
Percentage of Total Revenue
   11
GREAT POSITIONS IN GOOD INDUSTRIES
 
 GREAT POSITIONS IN GOOD INDUSTRIES
12
We have come a long way and we’re in
a great place to get better and better ... we still have a lot of runway left. We
know it and we know what we have to do.
but it does mean that improvements stay improved, and everyone in the plant plays a substantial role ... and that is a big deal.
Functional Transformation (FT) is basically HOS for administrative functions. The same concepts ... standardized work, one robust process instead of
a multitude determined by business whims, and mechanization ... all designed to deliver better service at lower cost. We’re only halfway through this ... and that means more upside to come.
product/services process from Voice of the Customer through launch and sales realization. It ... is ... exciting! What we’ve done pales next to what’s coming. More and better products and services ... and faster and better processes to deliver them ... Velocity Product DevelopmentTM works.
The Honeywell Operating System (HOS) has now been initiated in 50% of our manufacturing cost base ... that’s initiated, not done. We’ve taken this slowly because, done right, it’s a 20-year competitive advantage ... and we want it right. The immediate benefits in quality, delivery, safety, cost, and inventory are certainly nice. But the big benefit is that it’s a sustainable platform for improvement. No longer do plants do well or poorly solely based on the caliber of the plant manager. That’s not to say the plant manager isn’t important ... the leader always makes a big difference ...
 PEOPLE People make all the difference. It’s always been true and
is certainly true at Honeywell. We spend a lot of time ensuring we have
the best ... and that we all work together as One Honeywell. Our Twelve Behaviors; a single, company-wide, completely automated appraisal form; candid feedback; three in-depth reviews of top talent annually; financial rewards based on performance ... all make a difference. Many companies have similar documented processes of course ... but the trick is in “the doing.” Our focus is on the doing. A good example is that no one goes into our top 200 positions in the company unless interviewed by our company Human Resource leader and me ... even if they are an internal candidate we’ve known for a long time. It reinforces to the candidate the significance of the job, provides quality control, and helps imprint key messages. An easy thing to “document” in a process but time consuming to do well ... and worth every minute. We have a great leadership team and a motivated global workforce of 122,000 employees ... that’s an advantage.
SUMMARY Our pride undoubtedly shows in this letter. We have come a long way and we’re in a great place to get better and better. As well as we’ve done, we still have a lot of runway left. We know it and we know what we have to do. That’s a good thing ... a very good thing ... for our investors ... and for our 122,000 employees who make it happen for our customers every day.
David M. Cote
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  