Performance
Honeywell made great progress this year in executing our growth strategy. We reached a new financial performance threshold by surpassing $31 billion in sales, delivering 31% growth in earnings per share, and increasing free cash flow by 41%. Our focus
on One Honeywell, the Five Initiatives, having great positions in good industries, a customer-first mindset, and value-driven technologies have resulted in consistent financial performance and a solid track record.
past few years, we’ve worked hard to develop great positions in good indus- tries, create a One Honeywell culture, and reinforce our Five Initiatives
and Twelve Behaviors. And it works. We have a wonderful foundation for sustained performance.
Great Positions in Good Industries
This makes a big difference. Being in good industries provides a tailwind for growth. Having a leader- ship position accelerates that growth because of the critical mass in differentiators like sales coverage and research and development. We have also been active these past
few years with acquisitions and divestitures to further improve what was already a very competitive portfolio of businesses. Our acquisi- tion process – standardizing best practices company-wide for identifi- cation, valuation, due diligence, and especially integration – has been extremely effective. Our businesses are in terrific shape to grow, both organically and through acquisitions.
The aerospace industry should continue to perform well. Commercial air travel should grow as the world becomes wealthier, allowing business- es to become more global and families more dispersed. Travel is very elastic with declines in ticket prices leading to greater growth in passenger traffic. The business jet segment is expected to continue to be strong, as evidenced by the annual industry-standard Honeywell Business Aviation Outlook showing strong demand for at least the next 10 years. As commercial travel grows and time for everyone becomes more valuable, we expect this trend to continue. Defense spending is high by historical norms, but at the same time the threats faced by every country are high. While growth may moderate or priorities shift, an abrupt and large decline seems unlikely.
Our product portfolio in aerospace is terrific and provides lots of opportunity. We are well positioned to meet increasing OEM production requirements with engines such
as the TFE731-50, HTF7000, and the HTF10000 (Honeywell Turbo Fan with 10,000 pounds of thrust).
 2003 2004 2005 2006
To our Shareowners
Another great year ... with more to come!
Financial performance was terrific with sales up 13% to $31.4 billion, 7% organic sales growth, and earnings
per share up 31% to $2.52. Free cash flow (cash flow from operations less capital expenditures) at $2.5 billion
was also strong, allowing us to increase our dividend by 10%, repurchase 45.4 million shares of stock ($1.9 billion), and complete three acquisitions for approximately $750 million, adding over $500 million in annualized sales. All in all, another year of impressive results.
We expect continued strong performance at Honeywell. Over the
1

  2
David M. Cote Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer

 Our redesigned auxiliary power units and accompanying mainte- nance service agreements are doing very well because of the cost and reliability advantage they provide airlines. Avionics should also contin- ue to do well as safety requirements in crowded airspace become more pronounced and software advances cause more intelligence to be put on the plane. With Primus Epic®
we have a totally integrated digital cockpit for business jets. We also have the most comprehensive, advanced suite of safety avionics with our Enhanced Ground Proximity Warning System (EGPWS), designed to eliminate controlled flights into terrain; our Runway Awareness Advisory System
(RAAS), which can do the same for airport/runway accidents; and our vertical separation Control Display System/Retrofit (CDS/R), allowing stacked planes to safely operate within shorter distances.
Automation and Control Solutions (ACS) has grown signifi- cantly both organically and with its demonstrated capability to execute and integrate acquisitions. Increased security and fire detection needs are evident worldwide. We identified gas detection as a logical adjacent space with great growth potential, and through our acquisitions of Zellweger in 2005 and First Technology in 2006, we are now the industry leader. Sensors are becoming ubiquitous as semiconductor costs come down and
our technology advances. The global need for energy expands our process controls business, while the need
for more energy efficiency expands our building/residential controls and energy performance contracting busi- nesses. Good industries all around, and we have leading positions in each.
The ACS team has excellent capabilities in managing sales/distribu- tion networks, driving productivity, developing new products at an accelerating rate, and delivering acqui- sition synergies. We continue to win industry awards for our new products. Thermostats, building controls, surface acoustic wave sensors (for applications like tire pressure monitoring), Tridium® software allowing different types of controls to talk to each other,
 “We expect continued strong performance at Honeywell. Over the past few years, we’ve worked hard to develop great positions in good industries, create a One Honeywell culture, and reinforce our Five Initiatives and Twelve Behaviors. And it works.”
3

Experion® PKS that provides a huge advantage in process controls for sophisticated process plants, the ability to detect over 100 kinds
of gases, ExitPoint® that allows buildings to be evacuated based on human reactions to sound, advanced security devices ... a lot of great
stuff to grow with!
Transportation Systems operates
in two industries with turbochargers and retail auto aftermarket products. A turbocharger allows an engine
that is about a third smaller to pro- vide the same power as a full-size engine. That means about 20-25% less fuel usage and emissions while still providing consumers with cars that go when they hit the accelerator; a valuable contribution in today’s energy conscious world! The biggest benefit occurs on diesel engines,
and in Europe half of all new autos are diesel powered because of these advantages. It’s an excellent industry and with our cost and technology advantage, we recorded a 60% win rate on all passenger vehicle plat- forms and a greater than 70% win
rate on all commercial vehicle plat- forms awarded worldwide in 2006. The retail aftermarket is a slower growth segment but with our FRAM®, Autolite®, Prestone®, Bendix®,
and Holts® brands, we have strong positions. This business is being invigorated by new product ideas that will advance future growth.
Specialty Materials (SM) has undergone incredible change over the last few years and now makes a big contribution. Fluorines look good, especially with our non-ozone- depleting hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), spray foam insulation that reduces home energy usage 20% while improving structural integrity, and the recent announcement of our low Global Warming Potential (GWP) HFC. In our Resins and Chemicals busi- ness, caprolactam demand is also on the rise. With all the changes made in this business over the past four years, we’re in a great position.
Demand for our semiconductor products, Spectra® fiber (material 10 times stronger than steel and it floats!), and process additives continue to
      4
Senior Management Team
Robert J. Gillette Roger Fradin Thomas W. Weidenkopf
Adriane M. Brown Larry E. Kittelberger

increase. UOP focuses on refinery and petrochemical plant design and also supplies key catalysts and adsorbents. The need for energy provides a strong tailwind for this excellent business.
With growth in the global economy, especially in emerging markets, energy demand is expanding quickly. Both energy generation and efficiency provide tremendous opportunities for our ACS and SM businesses. In fact, nearly 50% of our product portfolio company-wide is linked to energy efficiency. We estimate the global economy could operate on 10-25% less energy just by using today’s existing Honeywell technologies! Turbocharged diesel vehicles, smart controls for buildings and houses, and a new air traffic control system relying more on avionics to eliminate inefficient flight paths and stacking, could provide a huge advantage. The possibilities are exciting and they are all in the Honeywell product portfolio!
One Honeywell
We have worked hard over the last few years to build a One Honeywell
culture and it’s working. Creating a common culture and vernacular,
a single brand image, and shared processes does a lot to bring us together with a unified focus on the customer. It all helps to build glue,
to help us recognize we’re all in it together; to get away from the idea of “whew ... I’m glad the leak is on your side of the boat and not mine.”
It’s elusive to measure ... but it’s there and it’s important. We try to touch One Honeywell in all we do. Establishing awards and benefit plans; communications, whether written, oral, or employee town hall meetings; real estate initiatives to bring all our people together while reducing costs; and Honeywell Hometown Solutions where employ- ees come together to help each other and their community ... all of these create that One Honeywell bond.
An example of this glue in
2006 was our inaugural Technology Symposium. We brought together our top 400 scientists and engineers from around the world for a three-day event to share the latest advances,
      Peter M. Kreindler Nance K. Dicciani David J. Anderson Rhonda Germany Shane Tedjarati
5

       Fuel Efficiency Refining Capacity Pipeline Safety
new technologies and capabilities. They weren’t chosen by level, rather by knowledge and technical ability, and they worked hard to help each other develop ideas and establish relationships. It was a big success and we intend to do it again in 2007.
Five Initiatives
The focus on Growth, Productivity, Cash, People, and Our Enablers has worked to give us direction and per- formance. They will continue. Growth is really clicking as we concentrate on doing a superb job for customers every day, sales and marketing excellence, globalization, and new products and services. Productivity is interdependent with growth and we continue funding it with new ideas. Cash flow continues to grow. The focus on people is essential because it’s the ultimate differentiator.
Our Enablers in particular will generate increased performance and more One Honeywell. Six Sigma tools are of considerable benefit in improving every one of Our Enablers.
The Honeywell Operating System (HOS) began full-scale deployment in 34 manufacturing sites in 2006, representing about $1.4 billion, or 30% of our manufacturing cost base. HOS standardizes work, empowers front-line people, and eliminates unnecessary process steps. Importantly, it institutionalizes the need for change, and the changes made so we’re not fixing the same thing tomorrow that we fixed yester- day. With over 250 manufacturing operations, this will provide a great source of future productivity.
Functional Transformation is similar to HOS but applied to the administrative functions of Finance, Systems, HR, Legal, and Purchasing. We can improve internal service lev- els considerably while reducing costs. The progress has been significant and there’s lots more opportunity.
Velocity Product DevelopmentTM (VPDTM) focuses on bringing the prod- ucts and services that customers want to market faster. Having a terrific understanding of customer
“Nearly 50% of our product portfolio company-wide is linked to energy efficiency. We estimate the global economy could operate on 10-25% less energy just by using today’s existing Honeywell technologies.”
   Energy Savings Performance Contracts
 6

needs is just as important as the innovation itself. VPD is tougher to measure, but you can see it in the new product/service outflow that’s contributing to our organic growth.
Working capital ($5.8 billion at year-end) is a continuing area of focus and one we didn’t do as well with in 2006. We improved, but not enough. Working capital is important not just for the cash lock-up, but also because the only way we can get lower working capital while improving customer and supplier relationships is by improving operating practices. In other words, we have to become a better business. We made good progress initially, then stalled, and have now reinvigorated our focus. We’ll continue to drive progress here because it is so important in making us better for ourselves, our cus- tomers, and our suppliers.
During the year, we added Linnet Deily to the Board of Directors. With her experience in banking and world trade as a U.S. Trade Representative (USTR), Linnet is already providing
valuable expertise. Bruce Karatz, a director for seven years, voluntarily resigned. Bruce was a wonderful, helpful director, both independent and supportive. We were sad to see him leave. Our Board is a marvelous asset for the company.
Summary
It has been another eventful and performance-driven year. The Five Initiatives and One Honeywell focus bring us together. We’re doing a bet- ter job for our customers every day. And, as well as we’ve done, we can see even more potential ahead. We have a lot of terrific stuff going!
It’s been another great year ... and there are more to come.
  David M. Cote Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
   Air Traffic Modernization
    Industrial Process Efficiency Green Buildings
  Reduced Emissions
 7
