  Key 1998 Highlights
$495M Free Cash Flow +5% Sales Growth
+23% EPS Growth
$165M Economic Value Added
Table of Contents
1 Letter to Shareowners 4 Honeywell’s Focus
20 Management’s Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) Segments
26 Selected Financial Data
30 MD&A Operations
33 MD&A Financial Position
40 Financial Statements and Notes
58 Management and Facilities
59 Board of Directors and Corporate Officers
60 Honeywell at a Glance
63 Shareowner Information
          Honeywell is the world’s leading provider of control technologies for buildings, homes, industry, space and aviation. The company employs 57,000 people in 95 countries.
Financial Highlights
(Dollars and Shares in Millions
Except Per Share Amounts)
Sales
Sales Growth Rate
Income before Income Taxes Net Income1
Net Income Growth Rate
Diluted Earnings Per Common Share1
EPS Growth Rate
Cash Dividends Per Common Share
Dividend Growth Rate
Shareowners’ Equity Per Average Common Share
Common Shares Outstanding Common Shareowners
Total Assets
Employees at Year-end
1998
$8,426.7
1997
$8,027.5
1996
$7,311.6
    $ $
$ $
$
5.0%
829.3 572.0
21.4%
4.48
22.7%
1.13
3.7%
22.09
$ $
$
$
$
9.8%
703.2 471.0
17.0%
3.65
17.4%
1.09
2.8%
18.80
$ $
$
$
$
8.6%
610.2 402.7
20.7%
3.11
20.5%
1.06
5.0%
17.44
        126.1 30,533 $7,170.4 57,000
127.1 30,821 $6,411.4 57,500
126.6 31,734 $5,493.3 53,000
    1
Includes $53.7 ($0.27 per share) and $90.7 ($0.48 per share) in 1998 and 1997, respectively, from special charges
for costs associated with work force reductions and worldwide facilities consolidation. In 1998, Honeywell benefited from a settlement with U.S. tax authorities on previously questioned items, this tax-effected benefit was $16.7 ($0.13 per share). Additionally, the company benefited from litigation settlements of $23.6 ($0.11 per share) in 1998 and other one time gains of $77.1 ($0.41 per share) in 1997.
Statements contained in this report concerning the company’s goals, strategies and expectations for business and financial results are “forward-looking statements” based on current expectations. No assurances can be given that the results in any forward-looking statements will be achieved and actual results could differ materially. Please review the section of this report captioned “Management’s Discussion and Analysis” as well as reports the company files periodically with the Securities and Exchange Commission for information concerning factors which could affect the company’s businesses.
 Total Sales
(Dollars in Millions)
Diluted Earnings Per Share (Dollars)
Return on Equity
(Percent)
Net Income
(Dollars in Millions)
                6,500
2.00
18.0
300.0
    96 97 98
96 97 98
96 97 98
96 97 98
      Honeywell Inc. 1998 Annual Report
 1
Honeywell Inc. 1998 Annual Report
  To Our Shareowners:
 Iam pleased to report that Honeywell delivered strong bottom line results in 1998 while creating increased value for our shareowners. We finished the year with our 16th consecutive quarter of double-digit earnings growth. We surpassed $1 billion of operating earnings for the first time in the company’s history. Net income rose 21 percent to $572 million, or $4.48 per diluted share, including 6 percent from an accounting change. Revenue increased 5 percent to $8.43 billion. Operating margins continued to expand in all three of our business segments, while total company margins increased to 12.2 percent. We generated $495 million of free cash flow, well in excess of our $400 million target, largely the result of a company-wide focus on cash generation.
Our bottom line results for the year were impressive. But we were not satisfied with the top line, since our objec- tive has been to grow about 10 percent per year compounded. Orders and sales growth rates were negatively affected by a number of macroeconomic factors, including the crises in Asia and Latin America, depressed oil and commodity prices, unseasonably warm weather across North America and reduced capital spending.
Fortunately, we anticipated many of these market cir- cumstances. Margin improvements in each of our lines of business resulted from improved product mix and the benefits of operational excellence initiatives across the cor- poration. At the same time, we took swift and aggressive action in late 1997 and throughout 1998 to continue reducing costs and streamlining our worldwide operations, so that our earnings and cash flow delivery goals for the year could be accomplished. In 1998, Honeywell proved that we can per- form even when economic and market conditions deteriorate.
As we move into 1999, we are fully aware that some of the macroeconomic conditions that softened our orders and sales growth may prevail for at least the first half of the year. Investor confidence will strengthen even more when we demonstrate continuing double-digit earnings and cash flow growth, despite cyclical pressures in some of our market segments.
Michael R. Bonsignore (left) Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer
Giannantonio Ferrari (right) President and Chief Operating Officer
We will deal with the prospects of slower market growth in 1999 in two ways.
First, we will continue to deploy our discretionary investments toward the best candidates for greater top line growth. The pipeline is full of exciting new products, service offerings and software solutions that we will bring to the market throughout 1999. One of our primary goals is to have at least 30 percent of Honeywell’s revenues generated by products introduced within the last three years, up from the current 26 percent.
Second, we will continue to manage our operations with a rigorous, demanding and disciplined approach to elimi- nate unproductive effort, quicken our responsiveness to customer needs and improve product and service quality. We have successfully lowered the company’s sales and gen- eral overhead costs from 18.8 percent to 15.6 percent during the past four years. We will continue to rely on our Honeywell Quality Value Operational Excellence process to further reduce cost, improve efficiency, share best prac- tices and capitalize on our unique strengths. I am confident that we can make significant additional progress with Honeywell’s overall productivity.
We are convinced that our strategic position and our value proposition for customers are solid. Around the world, we are witnessing a growing need to manage complexity. We provide a unique capability to combine sensors, control devices, software, networks and human factors to help our customers succeed in this environment. Our technology enables us to simplify complex tasks that enhance human comfort and safety, that save energy and protect the environment, and that help our customers be more produc- tive, efficient and competitive. As a result, our long-term sustainability and opportunity is undisputed.
Our 1999 growth priorities will be concentrated on new opportunities for our portfolio, through internal investment and acquisition. In addition, we will dampen, to the extent possible, the cyclical characteristics of our core businesses.
         $7,311.6
$3.11
19.7%
$402.7
20.8%
$8,027.5
$3.65
$471.0
$8,426.7
$4.48
22.8%
$572.0
 
    Our Mission
Our Space and Aviation Control business has performed extremely well during the past few years. Our objective during this period of prosperity has been to accelerate revenue growth from a number of new market initiatives that will mitigate the cyclicality of our traditional commer- cial aviation business. Airport Systems, Aviation Services, commercial space programs and precision tactical guidance are four examples of real opportunities for revenue growth in the short term. The acquisition during 1998 of Hughey and Phillips airport lighting products and the Daimler-Benz airport systems business helped us generate a revenue stream of more than $100 million in airport infrastructure improvements.
In September, we achieved an aviation industry mile- stone with the first landing of a commercial aircraft using the Honeywell/Pelorus Satellite Landing System. Our system is the world’s first differential global positioning system ground station to receive type acceptance certification and operational approval from the FAA. It opens up a leading position in aircraft landing efficiency and safety. This accom- plishment gives us first-in-market position in this important element of our Airport Systems business, a segment with tremendous growth potential over the next decade.
Our Industrial Control business top line softened in the second half of 1998, due largely to depressed oil, chemical, and pulp and paper prices. Despite the market conditions, the business delivered record earnings and margin rates, and made excellent progress in negotiating strategic alliances and partnerships with a number of our major customers, including Mobil, Phillips and CITGO. These alliances help us expand our competitive leadership position in the industry. They also provide us with an excellent platform for growth in software and advanced services that include the PlantScapeTM hybrid automation system. In 1998, PlantScapeTM became Honeywell’s most successful new product introduction ever, with more than $50 million of sales in the first year. And our Hi-Spec advanced control solutions, another exciting area in Industrial Control, presents our greatest opportunity for creating value in the process and hybrid control markets, with growth of more than 50 percent in 1998.
We continue to benefit from our 1997 Measurex acqui- sition, not only for paper production control, but also for color printing and control of other industrial flat sheet processes for rubber, plastic and aluminum. During 1999, Honeywell-Measurex will introduce a family of exciting new products to the market, reinforcing our leadership.
Our Sensing and Control business also contributed breakthrough technology, with the introduction of our vertical cavity surface emitting laser (VCSEL) — a business that grew strongly during 1998.
Overall, we are extremely well-positioned in Industrial Control when the markets turn up. In the meantime, we will manage the business aggressively and invest for growth.
Home and Building Control made excellent progress with the strategic positioning of the Solutions and Services unit in 1998. Margins improved 150 basis points in Solutions and Services, in part because our service revenues grew 8 percent over 1997. Building security and access control is a fast-growing segment and our Excel Security Manager offering resulted in a number of large orders including Nortel, Dow Chemical and Exxon. To bolster growth, we acquired VVE Security and ESD Electronics to round out our security offering. The acquisition of Phoenix Controls has provided us with controls and solutions for critical environment management among our laboratory, research center and pharmaceutical customers.
We anticipate good progress in federal government energy-saving performance contracting. Honeywell was selected as a supplier for all of the government’s contracting regions across the United States. Specific work orders from these contracts have been awarded and are expected to grow appreciably in 1999.
Home and Building Control also delivered solid profit growth in its core Control Products segments in 1998, despite adverse weather challenges. Warm weather in both the spring and fall affected the heating, ventilation, air conditioning and Home Control replacement business. The Perfect Climate business completed its line of residential thermostats, air cleaners and humidifiers, and drove strong growth in 1998.
During the year, we successfully launched a number of LonMark®-compliant products, including the Excel 10 family of open system applications for the commercial market. The acquisition of Westinghouse Security Electronics, an access control company, broadens our comprehensive commercial portfolio for building automation.
We also expanded into the cooling and refrigeration market with the acquisition of two companies: Flica, a German-based producer of valve components for refriger- ation equipment; and Elm, headquartered in Scotland, a leader in electronic controllers for refrigerator cases in supermarkets, which are LonMark®-compliant.
   Our Vision
A special focus in our business was placed on market- ing our indoor air quality and security solutions to the strong new residential construction market, with many builders exclusively featuring Honeywell solutions.
Home and Building Control Products’ operational excellence focus on total supply chain management and the implementation of our Six Sigma quality initiative in 1998 helped our customers decrease their inventory levels and dramatically improved our delivery performance. Our sup- ply chain focus will further solidify a best-in-class position and will have a strong positive impact on working capital in 1999.
Overall, my 57,000 Honeywell associates across the corporation are proud of what we have accomplished. At the same time, we are determined to continue our progress until our full potential has been realized. Honeywell is a good, solid company with the potential to be a great one. We will not rest until our ambitions have been realized. 1999 will be challenging, but we are prepared with four impera- tives for delivering maximum shareowner value.
PERFORMANCE. We compare ourselves to 19 of the best companies in our peer electrical equipment group. We measure our progress against this peer group for all key financial indicators: revenue growth, earnings growth, cash flow, return on equity and total shareholder return. We com- pensate management relative to how we perform against this group. After four years of consistent quarter-to-quarter earn- ings growth, we certainly do not intend to compromise the credibility we have earned. We are determined to go on delivering strong earnings growth and return to double-digit revenue growth as soon as possible.
GROWTH. Since I became CEO in 1993, we have posi- tioned Honeywell on a revenue growth trajectory that would reach or exceed $10 billion by the year 2000. As I have already mentioned, we were disappointed with 1998 sales growth of 5 percent and all of our energies are focused on improving revenue as soon as possible. I believe that our growth opportunities are extraordinary and our cash flow performance in 1998 gives us ample financial flexibility to augment organic growth with acquisitions. Our investments will emphasize service and applications software as well as market segments already mentioned that are less cyclical in nature.
COMMITMENT. We understand that our success as a company is tied closely to the dedication and commitment of our employees around the world. We have worked hard to help as many employees as possible become shareowners. Currently, employees hold close to 7 percent of the com- pany’s outstanding shares — nearly double their holdings
five years ago. Virtually all of our U.S. employees own stock, and we are introducing stock ownership plans around the world to reach our international employees.
Seventy-eight percent of our U.S. employees are covered by variable pay programs that link a portion of their compensation to the company’s results. 1999 goals for oper- ating profit and cash flow improvement link all of us together in a common focus on performance and commitment.
REPUTATION. We believe strongly that Honeywell has the potential to be one of the most successful and admired companies in the world. That ambition took a big step forward with our inclusion in Fortune magazine’s 1998 list of the World’s Most Admired Companies. Our reputation is of vital importance in developing partnerships with our cus- tomers, our employees, our suppliers and the communities where we live and work. Our reputation and our track record are critical to achieving our lofty ambitions.
LOOKING FORWARD. I am very bullish about Honeywell’s future. The world demands what we have to offer. We are performance driven with a record of delivering on our promises. We have prepared ourselves well for the future, and we have redoubled our efforts to continue delivering double-digit earnings and cash flow growth.
For 1999, we will continue to strive for improvement in all of our value drivers, to aggressively control our costs, and to move decisively to strengthen our leading market shares. We are blessed with a world-class workforce and we will demonstrate further progress in making more of our employees owners in the company.
We are also aware that a new millennium waits just around the corner, filled with opportunities for Honeywell. Energy efficiency, human comfort and safety, productivity and environmental quality are global requirements, irrespective of geography or politics. Honeywell is there, in 95 countries, to work and partner with our customers to profitably manage ever more complex operating environ- ments and to create value for them and for our shareowners. Honeywell’s best days, many of them, lie ahead of us.
In closing, let me extend a warm welcome again to two new members of our Board of Directors — Katherine M. Hudson, President and CEO, Brady Corporation, and Jaime Chico Pardo, CEO, Teléfonos de México S.A. de C.V.
Michael R. Bonsignore
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer February 10, 1999
 To create value for shareowners through our leadership in advanced control solutions that help customers worldwide achieve their goals.
To grow profitably by delighting customers and achieving undisputed leadership in control.
3
Honeywell Inc. 1998 Annual Report
2
Honeywell Inc. 1998 Annual Report
                  