                                         Dear Shareowner,
 Lawrence A. Bossidy
Chairman and CEO
The past 20 months have been challenging and tur- bulent for Honeywell. We’re not happy with how we’ve performed during this period and neither are you. But we’ve taken substantial actions to turn things around and the results should be obvious in 2002.
The tremendous distraction of the proposed General Electric-Honeywell merger is behind us now and we’re wasting no time in transforming Honeywell into the premier, performance-driven enterprise we envi- sioned when Honeywell and AlliedSignal merged nearly two years ago.
We still possess all the strengths that made our combination so powerful: unique and well-established global franchises, a high-performance productivity culture, unequalled systems-solutions capabilities, world-class technology and applications expertise, valuable global brands, and a talented and engaged workforce.
Picking up the tempo. Now we’re picking up the tempo and are moving quickly across Honeywell to restore the vitality, confidence and will-to-win that has always distinguished our company.
Resuming our long history of reliable earnings-per-share growth is our top priority. Despite increasing econom- ic challenges, we believe our aggressive action plan will deliver solid year-over-year improvements in key financial metrics in 2002. We continue to restructure and have reduced our workforce by more than 20,000 (about 15 percent) since the Honeywell-AlliedSignal merger. Our business leaders are re-energizing Six Sigma Plus, accelerating digitization, driving produc- tivity improvement, generating more cash, and identi- fying growth opportunities across our operations.
To propel a company-wide resurgence, we intensified the rigor of our key business processes – a robust strategic planning effort, ambitious annual operating plans and a disciplined talent review process. We moved quickly to streamline and flatten the organiza- tion — sharpening leadership accountability and eliminating a redundant regional reporting structure. Proven leaders returned to several corporate positions and we have highly motivated and capable executives in charge at every business unit. We recommitted to global shared services to manage customer-responsive, cost-effective systems and administrative processes across the company.
Four initiatives are fundamental to the success of our renewal:
• Revitalizing Six Sigma Plus. Every company talks about productivity improvement, but few have made it a part of their culture like Honeywell has. Fewer still can match our results — more than
$2 billion in real savings over the past decade. Even so, we learned a lot from the GE integration planning experience. With this expanded perspec- tive and our relentless drive to improve, we’re taking Six Sigma Plus to a new level.
Our immediate focus is on putting our 3,000-plus Black Belts, Master Black Belts and Lean Experts on priority projects where they can improve processes and reduce costs right away. We will train and certify hundreds more Black Belts and thousands of Green Belts in the coming year — part of our continuing drive to make every employee in the company a Six Sigma Plus disciple. This work is essential as we face a difficult economic environment.
• Accelerating Digitization. The marriage of Six Sigma Plus and digitization creates a powerful force to streamline processes, cut costs and help our customers succeed. We anticipate that digitiza- tion will trim our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses by 5 percent per year — and that’s just for starters.
We are already seeing great returns on our digitiza- tion investment. For example, using a web-based tool to manage credit and collections and resolve billing discrepancies, Honeywell Aerospace collect- ed more than $8 million in past-due receivables in just three months. And the Internet is improving

                                         delivery of information and services to our employ- ees: it’s already the preferred way for people to access their savings plan accounts (with 150,000 hits a month); and our migration to on-line savings- plan statements and paycheck stubs will generate significant savings.
• Recommitting to Learning. Employee learning is a hallmark of Honeywell and a personal priority for me. During merger integration planning our learning efforts slowed, so we have some catching up to do. We wasted no time in reopening the Learning Center in Morristown and are relocating the Arizona center to make it more accessible to employees. Our com- mitment to at least 40 hours of learning each year for every Honeywell employee is unwavering.
A robust curriculum is essential as we continue to drive a growth and productivity mindset across Honeywell. We’re rebuilding a broader, more diverse menu of courses that will expand opportuni- ties for employees to grow, develop and increase their contributions to Honeywell. As part of our digi- tization push, we will supplement traditional class- room education with on-line learning opportunities, which will provide global reach, the ability to quickly change content in response to business needs,
and more cost-effective course delivery.
• Stimulating New Product Development.
Honeywell continues to develop innovative products that solve customers’ problems and respond to the worldwide demand for efficiency, safety and envi- ronmental responsibility. Examples include enhanced weather-avoidance navigation systems, aircraft telecommunications architectures and fuel-efficient variable geometry automotive turbochargers. Our intellectual property portfolio continued to grow in 2000 — we were granted 473 U.S. patents, a
27 percent increase over 1999 — and we now hold more than 11,000 active patents in the U.S. and other countries, ranking us among the world’s leading patent-holders.
But our customers’ demands are almost insatiable and the pace of technology advancement continues to accelerate, so the business units and our Honeywell Laboratories have been challenged to fill our development pipeline with exciting new products that will drive growth and performance.
Investing for Growth. Our near-term emphasis is on refocusing and restructuring the company to create a faster, leaner, more agile Honeywell. But at the end of the day, we must grow and we’re going to aggressive- ly focus investment on parts of the business with the greatest potential.
We will continue to actively manage our business portfolio to create value for the company and its shareowners. This will include sharpening our focus with niche acquisitions that add capabilities and accelerate growth in our core businesses and the divestiture of some non-core units.
In this climate of economic uncertainty and wide- spread business malaise, we see both challenges and opportunities across all four businesses:
AEROSPACE
The seamless integration of former Honeywell and AlliedSignal units has left our Aerospace business in great shape. With our strengths in engines and sys- tems, avionics, landing systems and services, and a dedicated solutions-partner approach, we’ve created one of the world’s most valuable aerospace franchises.
Our customer relationships have never been better and we continue to work hard on our organization and cost structure to manage through the projected slow- down in the air transport original equipment market — which today represents just 15 percent of our aero- space revenue. Aerospace is winning programs with a variety of new products including our Primus Epic® avionics offering, the AS900 engine and our promising airline services initiative, and we continue to apply
our upgrade and retrofit expertise to help customers extend the lives of their aircraft.
AUTOMATION AND CONTROL SOLUTIONS
Automation and Control Solutions combines Honeywell’s Home and Building Control and Industrial Control operations into one powerful enterprise with worldwide reach and accountability. With great distri- bution channels, a huge installed base and visibility in millions of homes, buildings and plants worldwide, this is one of Honeywell’s best-known and most valu- able franchises. A streamlined global organization with Control Products, Industry Solutions, Security and Fire, and Services units will improve efficiency, drive down costs and expand profit margins. We have an excellent opportunity to trim overhead costs in this global business.

                                         Softness in the world economy continues to affect our customers’ investments in industrial automation upgrades, while we continue to grow in fire and security and sensing and control. Innovative offerings, includ- ing the web-based AtriumTM commercial building solu- tion and the ManageAbilityTM industrial automation concept, are getting great reception from customers looking to improve efficiency and reduce costs.
SPECIALTY MATERIALS
We believe we’re seeing the bottom of a steep decline in Specialty Materials, brought on by depressed conditions in the electronics and telecom- munications markets, historically high raw material prices, declining demand, and price pressures caused by commoditization. Specialty Materials’ leaders have done an exceptional job of anticipating and managing through this extremely difficult cycle by attacking costs, consolidating businesses and closing facilities.
We continue to take aggressive steps to reposition this business and focus on our Fluorines and Chemical Specialties units, which have performed well, and Electronic Materials, which will rebound with the electronics and telecommunications industries it serves. Our investment in environmentally friendly CFC substitutes continues to pay off.
TRANSPORTATION AND POWER SYSTEMS
Garrett Engine Boosting Systems remains one of Honeywell’s premier franchises, with a leading share of turbochargers for cars and trucks. Growing demand for vehicles that are both powerful and fuel- efficient will help us build on our strong position in Europe and around the world with new, even more efficient products. Our automotive Consumer Products Group builds on its world-class brands — such as Fram®, Prestone® and Autolite® — to com- mand premium shelf space in leading retail stores.
The market we anticipated for our Parallon® 75 turbo- generator has not materialized. The turbogenerator was a promising idea but, in the end, a “swing and miss” for us; we are examining our options for this product and our future position in the distributed power-generation field.
Leading resurgence. I’m proud and excited to be back to lead this resurgence at Honeywell. But make no mistake: I have zero interest in launching another career. My mission is to get the company on track,
run it vigorously, position it for the long term, and turn the reins over to a highly capable and motivated suc- cessor by the middle of 2002.
When the Board of Directors called, I agreed to take on this task because I believe in Honeywell and its outstanding potential and, most of all, because I feel obligated to the employees who have worked so hard and accomplished so much. Through our industry- best savings and ownership plans, I want Honeywell people and their families to share in the wealth we intend to create for all shareowners.
I didn’t come back to sell Honeywell, either. Of course the Board of Directors has the responsibility to con- sider any offer that we believe is in shareowners’ best interests. But we believe Honeywell is a strong and dynamic company, comprised of excellent businesses — we don’t need to merge to be successful. We can create maximum shareowner value as an independent enterprise and that’s how we intend to operate.
With the actions we are taking, we will emerge from
this period of renewal a stronger deliver improved results in 2002, the eventual economic recovery, tion for sustained and consistent performance in the years ahead.
company, ready to well positioned for and with a founda-
growth and superior
In closing, my thanks to our shareowners for your perseverance and patience. Thanks also to my Honeywell colleagues who held steady through a difficult period in our company’s history. This experi- ence has galvanized us into a united company, unconcerned with our Honeywell or AlliedSignal lineage or with anything else that could distract us from a laser focus on renewal, performance and achieving our full potential.
Sincerely,
Lawrence A. Bossidy
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Sept. 1, 2001
 