   LAWRENCE A. BOSSIDY, CHAIRMAN
THE SHOCKING EVENTS OF SEPT. 11, 2001, HAD A PROFOUND EFFECT ON HOW WE VIEW THE WORLD, AS INDIVIDUALS AND ORGANIZATIONS.
After the attacks, Honeywell employees all around the world showed their character and compassion by giving more than $1 million, which the company matched dollar-for-dollar, to help families of the victims. Our people then turned their atten- tion to putting Honeywell’s unique technology to work fight- ing terrorism and enhancing aviation safety and security.
Despite the best efforts of this exceptional workforce, 2001 was one of the toughest years in Honeywell’s history. We responded to short-term economic conditions by taking aggressive actions to refocus the company, reduce costs and improve competitiveness. More importantly, we took decisive steps to prepare ourselves for the future and for a new generation of leadership.
Our new president and CEO Dave Cote is well-equipped to lead Honeywell to the next level of performance. Dave, who will also succeed me as chairman when I retire this summer, is a proven leader with the background and experience to be successful here. Since 1999 he has led TRW, a diverse
global company with strong aerospace, automotive and information systems businesses. Dave spent 25 years in key assignments at GE, including jobs in the aircraft engines, consumer services and silicones units, before becoming senior vice president and president of GE Appliances. Dave has the full confidence and support of your Board of Directors and me.
In 2001, the overall softness in the world economy and severe downturns in several of the industries we serve affected our results. Our sales for the year were down five percent at $23.7 billion and net income fell 27 percent from $2.3 billion to $1.7 billion, excluding the effect of repositioning and other charges. Free cash flow was $1.4 billion, flat com- pared to 2000, and our segment margin was 11.6 percent, down from 14.5 percent a year earlier, also excluding repo- sitioning and other charges. Our aggressive repositioning actions and other charges resulted in an after-tax impact of $1.8 billion — which had a $2.18 per share negative effect on reported earnings. But because of these actions we foresee a much better year in 2002 and are well-positioned to grow and deliver superior results in the years ahead.
Honeywell’s diverse portfolio helps us weather economic and industry cycles, which became a more difficult proposition in 2001 when we saw simultaneous declines in aerospace, energy, telecommunications, automotive and other indus- tries. We are disappointed that we didn’t achieve the kinds of results that investors deserve and have come to expect from this company over the last decade.
During all of this, we have maintained integrity as one of our core values. We have a Code of Business Conduct that is overseen by the Corporate Responsibility Committee of the Board of Directors and rigorously enforced. You have read recently about conflicts of interest and disclosure issues that have plagued some corporations. I want to assure you that no such problems will be found at Honeywell.
HONEYWELL ANNUAL REPORT 2001
PAGE 1
TO OUR SHAREOWNERS

 PAGE 2
HONEYWELL ANNUAL REPORT 2001
“PERFORMANCE CULTURE ISN’T A SLOGAN FOR US — IT’S REALITY. PERFORMANCE IS CODED IN OUR COLLECTIVE DNA AND DEFINES WHAT IT MEANS TO WORK FOR, DO BUSINESS WITH, AND INVEST IN HONEYWELL. THIS IS ONE OF THE REASONS WHY 2001 WAS SO PAINFUL.”
A DIFFERENT HONEYWELL. Today’s Honeywell is dramati- cally different from the AlliedSignal I first joined 11 years ago. From 50 dissimilar businesses we have created a cohesive global enterprise with an enviable record of achievement and tremendous potential in each of our four business segments.
Total company sales have grown 92 percent since 1990, from $12.3 billion to $23.7 billion, through a combination of organic growth and strategic acquisitions — most notably the 1999 AlliedSignal-Honeywell combination.
Combining the two companies’ strong aerospace businesses created one of the best known and most valuable franchises in the industry, with unique products, systems, services and integration capabilities. Including acquisitions and divesti- tures, the Aerospace business grew sales 80 percent, from $5.4 billion to $9.7 billion, between 1990 and 2001 while segment profit was up almost 300 percent and margins more than doubled to 18 percent.
In 1990, Specialty Materials accounted for 23 percent of our revenue and 36 percent of our segment profit, compared with 14 and 2 percent, respectively, in 2001. Sales grew 19 percent over the period, but income and margins have declined significantly in the last two years during the most severe peak-to-trough freefall ever in the chemical industry. We took quick and decisive action to deal with price pres- sures and the declining market, and we continue to have confidence in this historically sound business. We are already seeing improvement in 2002, thanks to more favorable raw- materials pricing and strong demand for fluorines and certain specialty chemicals.
Transportation & Power Systems was a $4.2 billion business in 1990. Because we’ve divested several units that were sell- ing commoditized products, it’s smaller now at about $3.5 billion, but our offerings are more differentiated. In 2001, segment profit was $289 million, compared with $133 million
in 1990 — a 117 percent increase — while margins in this price-sensitive segment have grown steadily from 3.2 to 8.4 percent.
With diversification already a strength, we broadened our portfolio further when we added a world-class Automation & Control Solutions franchise as part of the Honeywell merger in 1999. Automation & Control Solutions has also performed well over time: since 1990, it has grown sales 87 percent, from about $4 billion to more than $7 billion, including acqui- sitions and divestitures. Segment profit has increased 80 percent despite price pressures and increasing competition in several parts of the business.
A PERFORMANCE CULTURE. Strong performance over the course of a decade doesn’t just happen. Behind the numbers is a demanding corporate culture that is focused on cus- tomers, productivity and growth. Our rigorous business processes challenge the organization, improve accountability and create continuity. We also have a shared confidence in our ability to continuously improve, a disdain for the status quo, and great people who are attracted and moti- vated by challenging work and the opportunity to grow, learn and excel.
Performance culture isn’t a slogan for us — it’s reality. Performance is coded in our collective DNA and defines what it means to work for, do business with, and invest in Honeywell. This is one of the reasons why 2001 was so painful.
However, the hard choices we made last year are paying off. We were among the first companies to spot the early signs of an economic slowdown, take our lumps and move for- ward. As part of the most ambitious cost-reduction initiative in the history of our company, we were required to eliminate about 15,000 jobs in 2001. But today we have a leaner, tighter organization the size of which is consistent with the demands of the current business environment. In addition,

 “THE HARD CHOICES WE MADE LAST YEAR ARE PAYING OFF. WE WERE AMONG THE FIRST COMPANIES TO SPOT THE EARLY SIGNS OF AN ECONOMIC SLOWDOWN, TAKE OUR LUMPS AND MOVE FORWARD.... HONEYWELL NOW HAS ITS BEST COST-STRUCTURE POSITION EVER.”
we have already reduced selling, general and administrative spending by $221 million, closed 51 facilities, and eliminated management layers and regional redundancies. On a per- centage basis, our SG&A reductions have significantly outpaced our volume declines, which will lead to better earnings. In fact, Honeywell now has its best cost-structure position ever.
Our efforts will deliver $1.3 billion in cost productivity in 2002, with more to come. Reinvigorating Six Sigma will build on the outstanding results we’ve achieved over the last decade. And coupling Six Sigma with an aggressive company-wide digitization effort will reduce costs, leverage our technology investments and create competitive advantage. Beginning with the quick-hitters, we’re moving swiftly to automate 90 percent of our key processes by 2004, with projected savings of $150 million in 2002 growing to at least $500 million annually by 2005. All in all, we expect to return to 6 percent productivity in 2002.
CLEARING THE DECKS FOR GROWTH. We have cleared the decks to take full advantage of an improving economy and the many growth opportunities we see across the company.
We continue to build and refine a business portfolio that can support our ambitious growth aspirations. Growing our core businesses is essential and our repositioning efforts have given us the financial flexibility to make some niche acquisi- tions in 2002. In the current economy, we’re seeing some attractive acquisition opportunities that weren’t available at a reasonable price in the boom times of the 1990s. At the same time, we continue to divest non-core holdings so that we can invest in businesses with greater growth potential.
We exited the turbogenerator and carpet-recycling busi- nesses in 2001 because neither was living up to our expec- tations and we know we can generate better returns else- where. We agreed to transfer the Bendix truck-brakes unit to
our joint-venture partner, Knorr-Bremse, and it remains our intention to leave the Friction Materials business.
We settled the Litton lawsuit for $440 million at the end of 2001. This case, which began 12 years ago, was well known to us at the time of the AlliedSignal-Honeywell merger and we are happy to put it to rest. Our agreement with Litton’s owner, Northrop Grumman, not only eliminates a potential $1.2 billion liability and the associated legal costs, it gives us the unimpeded ability to sell avionics products using ring-laser gyroscope technology.
Developing new products and technologies is essential to growing Honeywell. We continue to invest about 3.5 percent of annual sales or $832 million in R&D — but we’ve taken a more focused approach to our spending. An integrated long- range technology plan and roadmap, linked to business and market needs, has helped us narrow our scope from more than 150 individual R&D projects two years ago to 16 core technology platforms — including decision automation, embedded measurement and control, and materials and processes. The business units ultimately set the agenda for technology spending — ensuring that our development investments are driven by the potential for growth and quick returns.
Growth opportunities abound across Honeywell. In Transportation & Power Systems, our Garrett® turbochargers are the clear choice for passenger cars with worldwide sales volume growing at double-digit rates. And our Consumer Products Group of world-class automotive brands — including Prestone®, Autolite® and FRAM® — has substantial penetration in leading retail and wholesale channels.
While Specialty Materials has had a tough time over the last two years, this is a sound business on its way back. We have an experienced team in place, including a new business unit leader with a strong industry background. We’re bullish on
HONEYWELL ANNUAL REPORT 2001
PAGE 3

 “CUSTOMERS WANT MORE OF WHAT HONEYWELL HAS TO OFFER — PRODUCTS, TECHNOLOGIES, SERVICES AND SOLUTIONS THAT IMPROVE THEIR LIVES AND MAKE THEM SAFER, MORE SECURE, MORE PRODUCTIVE AND MORE EFFICIENT.”
the fluorines business, where we have a leading position and expect to benefit from an expanding worldwide demand for environmentally safer materials. Our electronic materials business is poised to grow when the technology and telecommunications markets recover.
With our leading technology and strong global brand, we are well positioned for growth in Automation & Control Solutions. We reduced the cost structure of ACS through a variety of actions — including consolidating the home, building and industrial businesses across the globe — which will drive improved earnings and margins this year. We are benefiting from increasing worldwide demand for products and systems that save energy, reduce operating costs, and improve safety and security in homes, buildings and industrial settings.
While the commercial air transport market will no doubt be softer in 2002, partially as a result of the Sept. 11 tragedy, we’re encouraged by recent reports of increased load factors at major airlines. Aerospace sales will be down this year, but continued success in our business aviation and defense segments will mitigate the downturn in air transport. Honeywell’s Primus Epic® avionics system has an excellent program win rate, and our new AS900 engine family has a solid order backlog and new customer interest. The Lockheed Martin Joint Strike Fighter aircraft should bring us some $5 billion in revenue over the life of the program.
The tragic events of 2001 reminded all of us that the world is an uncertain place. In the aftermath, customers want more of what Honeywell has to offer — products, technologies, services and solutions that improve their lives and make them safer, more secure, more productive and more efficient.
These common threads extend across Honeywell, but they are especially evident in the Aviation Safety and Security taskforce we moved quickly to form after Sept. 11. Working
with government agencies and our airline and airport cus- tomers, we’re applying our unique expertise to address safety and security concerns on the ground and in the air. No other company has the technology and know-how to safeguard airline passengers with multiple layers of protec- tion that begin in the airport parking lot and continue into the terminal, onboard the aircraft and into the cockpit. With our presence on virtually every commercial jetliner, in more than 200 airports, and in public buildings around the world, Honeywell is well positioned to grow while helping authorities and our customers improve the safety of air transportation.
While my Honeywell career is nearing its end, a new Honeywell is just getting started. We’ve come a long way over the last decade and have created an extraordinary platform for growth and sustained performance. With the support of a strong and deep management team and excep- tional employees around the world, I am confident Dave Cote will build on all we’ve accomplished to create a 21st century Honeywell that will take our company to the next level of achievement.
My thanks to the Board of Directors and to all Honeywell shareowners and employees for your support during my terms as CEO. I continue to have great faith in this company and its potential for greatness.
Sincerely,
Lawrence A. Bossidy
Chairman
March 1, 2002
 PAGE 4
HONEYWELL ANNUAL REPORT 2001
