                Dear Fellow Shareholders,
I am pleased to announce that 2006 was an exceptional year at our company
by all measures, but before I go into specifics, I want to begin by thanking each and every one of the 145,000 Associates at our owned and managed hotels, as well as those of our franchisees, who come together to bring our brands to life
for our guests. Their work is critical to the success of the company and our network. Only through their hard work, dedication and commitment to service excellence are we able to consistently deliver superior guest experiences that
‘wow’ our customers.
As you know, on March 31, 2007, Steven J. Heyer, resigned as Chief Executive Officer and as a Director, and I was appointed Chief Executive Officer on an interim basis. The Board of Directors appreciates the good work Mr. Heyer
has done to execute Starwood’s strategy and position it for the future.
However, issues with regard to Mr. Heyer’s management style led the Board
to lose confidence in his leadership. The management change is solely related to issues of Mr. Heyer’s management style and is in no way related to Starwood’s strategy, financial performance or financial reporting. Starwood has a deep and talented management team and employee base. The senior management team is comprised of the best in the industry and is highly regarded both internally and externally. There will be no changes in strategic direction as a result of
Mr. Heyer’s departure.
Now, looking at Starwood’s results, 2006 was a great year and we are looking for great things in 2007. Some of the key financial highlights from 2006 are:
resorts
• We delivered worldwide system-wide RevPAR growth of 9.9%.
• We drove exceptional results across our owned hotel portfolio, with
worldwide branded RevPAR up 10.5% for the full year and margins increasing 220 basis points.
• Our vacation ownership business grew originated sales 19.2% with industry- leading margins of almost 30%.
• We signed 156 hotel contracts representing almost 37,000 rooms.
• We successfully acquired and integrated Le Méridien, and are pleased to report
that we are performing well above our acquisition assumptions. We also rolled out two new brands this year to the development community, aloft and Element. Each of these brands adds depth and value to the Starwood portfolio, further increasing our growth potential.
• We completed the sale of 50 non-strategic assets and generated proceeds of $4.7 billion while retaining valuable long-term management contracts.
• We returned over $4.3 billion to shareholders, including $2.8 billion related to the Host transaction, $1.3 billion in share repurchases and $276 million in dividends.
Our footprint expansion efforts in recent years are paying superior dividends,
as evidenced by January 2007 Smith Travel data that shows Starwood holding the #1 position in upper upscale and luxury development, with 39% of the hotels and rooms in the pipeline today. This represents superb growth on an absolute basis and substantial market share gains. We have successfully refocused our company’s efforts on strengthening our lead in the upper upscale and luxury segments by differentiating our brands with both the development community and consumers. We have also improved our relationships with developers to help them better understand how our brands can drive higher returns for their projects. While owning hotels will continue to be an important part of our strategy, over time the growth of our fee business will outpace our owned hotels. With over 50% of our fees generated in markets outside of the U.S. and almost 40% of our owned hotels in international markets, we believe Starwood is well positioned to enjoy secular growth, regardless of where we are in the lodging cycle. We feel confident about our business prospects and we remain on track
to deliver on the three-year growth plans we have previously outlined for 2007 and beyond.

                Our brand teams continue to further strengthen our brand portfolio with experience-based initiatives. Nowhere is this more evident than in the comprehensive reinvigoration plan for the Sheraton brand that will continue
to drive business in 2007. We have presented the plan to major ownership groups and our franchise organization, and feedback has been very positive. Westin was
the first global brand in North America to go smoke-free and we continue to inno- vate, launching ten global initiatives to support Westin’s positioning around personal renewal. Not only did Le Méridien beat our internal projections in 2006 but the brand’s 123 hotels dramatically increased our presence in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Our W brand continues to generate terrific returns for our owners and developer interest has never been higher. St. Regis is in a great position to continue to capitalize on a booming luxury market with a pipeline of over 20 deals. The Four Points by Sheraton brand re-launch in 2006 has been met with resounding acco- lades, including a spectacular 30-point jump from 8th to 3rd place in the J.D. Power guest satisfaction ranking. Our brands are connecting with our guests, delivering experiences which are different, better and special, which in turn makes them the preferred choice among developers, owners, operators and guests. The energy around the strength of our brands and the growth of our footprint is driving additional gains in our pipeline.
Finally, our vacation ownership division topped the $1 billion mark in sales this year and we expect our St. Regis, Westin and Sheraton brands to continue to drive strong growth in this under-penetrated business. Contract sales were up 19%, driven by a mix of price increases and additional units sold. Importantly, tour flow and closing rates remain strong and we are well positioned to continue growing this business, with almost 90% of the inventory committed for the next four years of growth.
brands
Today, Starwood is a high-growth, capital-efficient, cash-rich, and less cyclical business than the Starwood from yesterday. We have a clear strategy, a strong market position, and exceptional partner relationships. Starwood is strongly positioned for future growth and the Board is committed to continuing the execution of Starwood’s successful transformation into the leading global hotel operator and lifestyle company. The Board and management will remain focused on continuing
to build shareholder value in 2007 and beyond through the following:
• Continuing to grow fee-based revenues, which are now the largest contributor to
Starwood’s bottom line, and ensuring Starwood maintains an asset-right approach,
including the best-owned hotel portfolio;
• Building on Starwood’s industry-leading pipeline and world-class performance,
both in hotels and vacation ownership, and working to further enhance Starwood’s
already strong developer relationships;
• Continuing to grow Starwood’s international footprint to ensure a balanced portfolio;
• Executing Starwood’s ambitious brand initiatives to further differentiate its world-
class brands based on innovation; and
• Driving operational and service excellence, including Starwood’s groundbreaking
new service culture transformation training program.
2007 looks to be another strong year for lodging in general and we fully expect that Starwood will continue to outperform on key operating metrics, pipeline growth, and vacation ownership growth and profitability. Overall supply growth is limited in major urban and resort markets, and is even lower in the upper upscale/luxury segments than in the broader markets – and this is where we have the greatest presence. Accordingly, we believe 2007 will be one of our best years ever as all of Starwood’s associates work toward service excellence, which will continue to drive shareholder value.
Thank you for your continued support.
Bruce W. Duncan
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 