As any athlete knows, recovery is critical in the pursuit of peak performance. With that in mind, the Starwood team has worked tirelessly during the challenging economic conditions of the last few years to position the Company to ‘Own the Upswing’ in 2010. Our 2010 results prove the success of that approach, and we believe we are in the early stages of what looks to be a multi-year, global recovery for lodging.
The lodging recovery firmly took hold in 2010. Business travel, which drives 75% of our total revenue, rebounded sharply as companies began to scour the globe for growth opportunities. As expected, the recovery was driven by strong, late breaking business among transient and group travelers. For the full year, worldwide RevPAR grew by 9%, driven almost entirely by occupancy gains. Rates steadily improved throughout the year thanks mostly to a better mix of business at our hotels.
With occupancies in many markets now back to prior peak levels, and with little new supply anticipated in developed markets through at least 2013, we expect rates to post strong increases in the coming years. Our group business improved sequentially throughout 2010 and we expect to enjoy healthy rate increases and higher volumes in 2011. We also expect 2011 corporate negotiated rates to rise high single digits after their 20% decline from peak levels. Most importantly, the momentum we experienced in 2010 has continued thus far into 2011. Our customers are telling us they plan to travel more in 2011.
We’re very pleased with our performance in 2010. Starwood gained share, grew faster than our competition, and converted higher revenue into higher profits. We added 72 hotels over the course of 2010, translating into 5% net unit growth. And roughly two-thirds of our portfolio of hotels is new or freshly renovated, so we believe we are well positioned to delight our guests as the recovery continues.
Our ‘Path to Peak’ program is well underway with a goal of our hotels reaching — and then surpassing — prior peak profitability through a combination of driving top-line growth while containing costs. Focus areas include revenue management, procurement, sales effectiveness, food and beverage initiatives and lean hotel operations. Our efforts are clearly paying off. In 2010, we grew our worldwide RevPAR index by approximately one percent, with our newly revitalized Sheraton brand leading the charge. This is a significant move for a system of more than 1,000 hotels. In North America, Sheraton’s RevPAR index jumped two percent, a monumental move in the first year of a brand relaunch. And despite hotels that are increasingly full, our Guest and Meeting Planner Satisfaction Scores hit record highs for the
dear fellow stockholders
fourth year in a row. Worldwide owned margins increased by 1.6%, but we have a long runway ahead and are working hardtodriveourhotelsbacktowardspeakprofitability.
Global leGacy and reach
Starwood has evolved to become the most global hotel company, operating in more than 100 countries. Today we have more hotels outside of the U.S. than inside, and we generate almost 60% of our lodging fees from non-U.S. markets. Our transformation will continue and, like many global brands, we expect to derive 80% of our profits from outside of the U.S. in the coming years.
Capitalizing on our global advantage is a key priority for Starwood. Approximately 70% of the world’s GDP growth over the next decade is expected to come from emerging markets. And with almost 80% of Starwood’s pipeline outside of the developed world, we are growing where the world is growing.
We have an important first-mover advantage in several key markets — we entered the Middle East in the 1960s, Africa, Latin America and India in the 1970s, and China in the 1980s. Since that time, we have built long-standing relationships with owners and developers in their respective markets and cultivated “local-smart” teams that have decades of experience getting things done in different parts of the world.
Starwood’s success in China offers a powerful example of how we are leveraging growth opportunities in emerging markets. China recently became Starwood’s largest hotel market outside of the U.S., and we expect that in 2011, one in every three new Starwood hotels will open in China. Today we have nearly 70 hotels in China and another 85 hotels in the pipeline. Importantly, demand continues to outpace supply and we still have significant opportunities for additional growth. There are nearly 200 cities in China with populations of more than one million, many of which do not yet have a major, international hotel.
Globalization, and all that comes with it, including billions of new travelers and generations connected by social networks, translates into a truly global consumer base with an unprecedented appetite for our brands. This highlights the importance of building hotel brands that will capture the loyalty of increasingly brand-savvy global travelers. Gen Y will be the biggest consumer group in history, with a new and distinct take on design, technology, service and sustainability. We intend to lead the way in what hotel branding will mean to travelers. Our philosophy and approach to branding, innovation and design are what make Starwood special in the eyes of our associates, our guests and our owners.

busIness Model
We continue to believe that the hotel fee business is one of the great business models in the capitalist world. To that end, during 2010 we made further progress in growing our managed and franchised business while reducing the size of our owned and leased hotel portfolio. But with over 21,000 owned rooms, located primarily in urban and resort locations, we still have a long way to go. Selling our owned portfolio may take time as we want to get the most value by selling at the right price, to the right partner, and with the right management contract. Rest assured, we are committed to our goal of having our profits be at least 80% fee-driven.
Looking ahead, growing our base of loyal guests will drive our success. After all, our business model boils down to owning the hearts and minds of our guests, and creating value for our owners. We work hard to keep our brands distinct and compelling, to meet the various travel needs of our customers around the world, and to create a great foundation for tomorrow’s growth. We recognize that our brands are at the heart of Starwood’s competitive advantage, so despite a focus on cost containment over the past few years, we never stopped investing in innovation, design and loyalty.
leadInG Global brands
Our approach remains centered on new innovations, migrating existing innovations to new geographies and adapting innovations across brands. One example of this is the Link@Sheraton, our lobby cybercafe for today’s multitasking social traveler. With brands like W, Aloft and Element, all created for and by Gen Y, Starwood is ahead of the curve. We continue to lead the industry in design and opened our design headquarters in Manhattan a year ago.
SPG, our award-winning loyalty program, is powerful and growing, driving nearly one out of two guests to our hotels versus one in three in 2003. Importantly, just as our footprint grows outside of the U.S., so does our SPG enrollment. It is critical for Starwood to cultivate loyalty among global brand zealots who will have an increasingly outsized impact on the worldwide travel industry. For example, China continues to be the richest source of new, loyal travelers for us, as evidenced by the 58% jump in SPG enrollment in 2010, making China the second largest source of SPG members.
Brand loyalty also comes down to delivering great experiences, and our guests tell us time and again that great service matters more than anything else. This is why we work hard on training and communicating with our associates. Having a culture of associates that are motivated and empowered to make our guests happy is a
critical asset for us. Last year the nearly 140,000 associates who responded to our survey told us that they have never felt more engaged.
With almost 140 luxury hotels among the St. Regis, Luxury Collection and W brands, we offer our guests ‘More Luxury in More Destinations’. In fact, Starwood is the largest operator of four- and five-star hotels worldwide. Following a deep drop-off in 2008 and 2009, our luxury brands outperformed in 2010, and we are well positioned to benefit from the continued recovery in luxury.
Consumers are increasingly choosing brands that share their sense of purpose. Put simply, sustainability is no longer optional. Starwood has the size, scope and spirit to affect positive environmental change, and we have set aggressive environmental goals in order to do our part. We are targeting a 30% reduction in energy use per available room and a 20% decrease in water consumption per available room by 2020. We have also established partnerships with Conservation International and UNICEF to develop our ongoing commitment to the environment and to the communities in which we operate.
We are determined to make a difference for our communities, guests, owners, associates and, of course, our shareholders. Our strategy, which we refer to as the Journey, lays out our common goals and shared values in a way that each of our associates across the world can relate to. It remains very straightforward — to attract excellent talent to our properties, deliver branded experiences that keep guests coming back, and leverage the strength of our global platform to build new hotels and generate great returns for all of our stakeholders. Our alignment around this strategy is playing a fundamental role in enabling us to become a better company which will continue to succeed over the long-term and outperform our competition.
Starwood is uniquely positioned to leverage the powerful combination of our game-changing brands and industry- leading global platform. We believe that through the recovery Starwood has become a stronger, faster and more disciplined company. We’re extremely bullish on the Company’s long-term future. We look forward to updating you on our progress and thank you for your continued support. We also look forward to having you stay with us!
Frits van Paasschen Chief Executive Officer
 