If we learned one thing in 2008, it was to expect the unex- pected, to prepare for the worst and to keep our nerve. Business trends deteriorated throughout the year and this negative momentum has continued into 2009. As part of our ongoing efforts to prepare for a worsening macro environ- ment, we began a rigorous cost-cutting program early in 2008, including a review of our spending with a focus on reducing costs, improving productivity and reinvesting against our growth priorities. I am pleased to report that we have been successful in this task. In fact, our cost discipline helped us achieve strong results in each quarter of 2008 despite a rapid deterioration in lodging demand. In 2009, we will con- tinue to focus on managing our costs without compromising our long-term growth plans for the company.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Starwood’s talented team of Associates for delivering excellent results in 2008, despite the weakening environment and the Company’s focus on dramatically reducing overhead and property-level costs.
• We grew our managed and franchised revenues by over 5% despite flat worldwide RevPAR.
• We added a record 87 hotels to Starwood’s global platform, representing 10% gross unit additions dur- ing the year.
• We increased our guest satisfaction scores across all of our brands, including strong debuts for aloft and Element.
• We sold six assets for cash proceeds of $320 million.
• We realigned our corporate and divisional struc- tures, resulting in annual run-rate savings of over $100 million.
• We implemented top-down and bottom-up initiatives to significantly reduce property-level costs.
Looking ahead, the good news is that we remain strongly positioned for one of the most challenging demand environ- ments the lodging industry—and the global economy—has ever experienced. In addition to working toward the Five Essentials that will drive our success over the long term, we are continuing to reduce our cost base. Cost control enabled us to weather the deteriorating fundamentals that accelerated throughout 2008. To put the operating environment into perspective, worldwide owned RevPAR grew 5% in the first quarter, but declined 16% in the fourth quarter. While the severity and breadth of the slowdown surprised us, we were well ahead of the curve from a cost reduction perspective which helped drive our better than expected results.
Starwood’s efforts to reduce corporate overhead have created immediate savings as well as lasting changes to our way of doing business. We are using what we call Activity Value Analysis, or AVA, which is a rigorous process to address our
costs and lay the foundation for future growth. Through AVA, we eliminated costs by streamlining activities and removing overlaps in our organization.
Let me take a step back to explain why this was needed. Remember that Starwood came together in the late 1990s as a patchwork of organizations—a small lodging REIT acquired Westin, ITT/Sheraton, Vistana and, most recently, Le Meridien. This resulted in a large organization with multiple offices and duplicate functions. While Starwood has performed well in spite of its complex structure, we saw the opportunity to save even more money and become more agile. Equally important, we wanted to ensure our corporate structure was positioned to best support our properties and owners.
For example, through the AVA process we eliminated almost 100 positions in our North American Division alone. In addition to focusing on cost cutting, as we went through the process we also looked at identifying areas that could be strength- ened to better meet the needs of our owners. This resulted in reorganizing some parts of the owner relations team to improve communication and support.
We also centralized many activities such as legal functions, created a single service center for human resources, and are consolidating certain accounts payable and payroll functions in the United States. We also better aligned our development, architecture and design, and hotel opening teams to streamline the process from signing a contract to opening a property.
In total, the AVA process to date has generated a 30% reduction in personnel costs across many of our corporate and divisional functions. At Starwood’s Vacation Ownership business, we were able to reduce G&A by 45% and eliminate 35% of our sales force. In addition to the AVA process, our overhead cost reduction efforts also focused on compensa- tion. This included benchmarking most positions, allowing us to re-band jobs and make sweeping changes in equity compen- sation. Like many companies, we have also frozen salaries for 2009. As mentioned earlier, the net result will be a run-rate savings of $100 million, and this includes only those savings already implemented.
The second area of our cost cutting focused on the property level. We began two major initiatives in 2008—one is bottom- up and the other is top-down. Between them, we should be able to offset inflationary pressures, significantly helping our results in 2009. To be clear, this is before the impact of any variable cost savings associated with lower occupancy.
Our bottom-up approach is called ‘lean operations’ and involves using our talent to reduce work and waste. For example, we refined our staffing model to better match work demand, outsourced bakery and butcher positions, and expanded spans of control for managers and supervisors. The lean operations team is working closely with our Six Sigma team to implement these productivity enhancements across our hotels.
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.

Our top-down approach is known as normative modeling, which employs analytics to ‘normalize’ hotel cost performance- based structural variables, such as room size and configura- tion, number of service elevators, and unionization. Normalizing further assists us in identifying top performing hotels and per- formance gaps. As with lean operations, best practices are then rolled out to under-performers. Examples of this include reducing the number of housekeepers per occupied room and simplifying food and beverage concepts. At the same time, we are working with our owners to share these savings across the managed and franchised system.
Procurement is the third area where we are reducing costs across the system. This includes introducing more categories to our buying programs, vendor consolidation, SKU rational- ization and improved compliance. These efforts have resulted in the ability to negotiate better contract terms for items such as food, flat screen TVs and laptops. Given our success from recent negotiations, we anticipate additional direct savings of $35 million in 2009.
While the current environment has created intense pressure for us to manage costs, controlling our costs is just one of four financial levers we have at our disposal to create share- holder value over the long-term. The other three levers are:
• Driving RevPAR premiums • Growing our pipeline
• Unlocking real estate value
Our ability to pull these financial levers relies on our team’s execution against the five essentials of “The Starwood Journey.”
1. ‘Starwood Class Brands’ is our first essential, and our brand teams are hard at work on the innovations that will drive RevPAR outperformance and propel our pipeline.
2. The brand teams are also better aligned than ever with our Operations team as we work towards ‘Brilliant Execution,’ our second essential. Brilliant execution means consistently creating brand-relevant guest experiences while being vigilant on costs.
3. ‘Global Growth’ is our third essential, and we continue to grow our footprint around the world. We have roughly 100,000 rooms in our pipeline, and our brand and operations teams are aligned to open these hotels on-brand and ‘HOT,’ meaning on time, on budget and full.
4. ‘Great Talent’ is our fourth essential, and our Human Resources team is driving efforts to improve our ability to attract, retain, and develop talented people to operate our properties around the world. This is particularly important as we still plan to open 425 hotels over the coming years.
5. The fifth essential, generating ‘Market-Leading Returns,’ hinges on our ability to realize global growth, unlock real estate value, and carefully manage costs. While we are waiting for capital markets to recover, selective sales of real estate and prudent allocation of capital will advance our transformation to an asset-light model.
We have often described the branded global hotel fee business as one of the most attractive business models in the world— and we continue to believe this is true. The contracts are stable, capital-efficient and long-term. Fee growth is driven by three factors: RevPAR growth, unit additions, and incen- tive escalation.
We have made substantial progress over the last few years in growing our managed and franchised business and reducing the size of our owned portfolio. Today, 53% of our EBITDA contribution is from fee income, up from 18% five years ago. Our goal is to be over 80% fee-driven in the coming years. By itself, this focus on the fee business will result in a sustainable growth engine that throws off significant free cash flow. At the same time, our balance sheet holds more opportunities to generate cash, in the form of real estate at our owned hotels and inventory at the vacation ownership business.
Reducing the size of our owned portfolio and vacation own- ership business will take time. These initiatives—combined with the growth in our managed and franchised business— will result in an increasingly capital-efficient business model.
To summarize, we are prepared for a variety of potential sce- narios in 2009. We have been aggressive in our cost contain- ment efforts and dramatically scaled back our capital plans, but are prepared to do more if needed. We have been con- servative in our approach to managing our balance sheet and will explore all options to maintain maximum balance sheet flexibility and liquidity. Our efforts thus far have resulted in an increasingly efficient cost structure that should position us to not just survive this economic downturn but allow us to cap- italize on the upswing in the future. We continue to build, open, renovate and innovate for recovery and beyond, and remain focused on our long-term strategy to generate mar- ket-leading returns for our shareholders.
Thank you for your continued support.
Frits van Paasschen Chief Executive Officer
 Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.
