   Rather than purchasing newly con- structed rigs and liftboats, often at prices exposed to aggressive and episodic market outlooks, we continued to purchase existing and proven assets. We upgrade or refurbish these assets to meet our operating standards and market requirements, which has allowed us to maximize our purchasing capacity and generate revenues quickly. We continue to believe that this strategy offers our share- holders superior long-term returns compared to building new assets, which is increasingly costly and subject to long delivery times.
We generated an industry leading return on capital of 22% during 2006.
Contract Drilling Highlights
In 2006, our Contract Drilling segment increased revenues by 85% and operating income by 141%, driven primarily by a 78% year-over-year increase in dayrates. Even with the loss of Rig 25 to hurricane damage in 2005, we were able to increase operating days in 2006 as a result of our ability to complete our acquisition strategy and quick- ly bring into service Rig 16 and Rig 31. We will continue to benefit from the increased operating days generated by these rigs in 2007, as we realize the full-year impact of the continued operation of both rigs.
The commencement of operations for Rig 16 and Rig 31 in 2006 was a true mile- stone for Hercules Offshore. The two rigs, both purchased in 2005, were substantially upgraded by the Company at a total cost of approximately $42 million. After successfully managing the upgrade process, we were able to sign a two-year contract in Qatar in the second quarter for Rig 16. Shortly after com- mencing operations in Qatar, we secured a multi-well contract in India for Rig 31. We successfully completed the upgrade project in the Far East and delivered the rig for operations in the third quarter. Establishing operations in Qatar and India further solidi- fied our commitment to diversifying the geographic scope of our operations. In 2007, we will continue this commitment to interna- tional diversity as we complete the upgrade of Rig 26, which was purchased in February 2006. We are marketing Rig 26 exclusively
in international locations and we expect to mobilize the rig in the third quarter of 2007.
Marine Services
In 2006, revenue and operating income increased 164% and 278%, respectively. Dayrates for our liftboats increased to an average of $11,207, up 70% from 2005. Similar to the Contract Drilling segment, we benefited from the acquisition of assets which were quickly integrated into our fleet and put into service, which increased operating days by 56%.
In our international liftboat operations, we succesfully negotiated a 30% increase in dayrates with one of our customers in Nigeria. Additionally, with the increase in vessel ability after the acquisition of Halliburton’s West African liftboat fleet,
we established liftboat operations offshore Ghana and Cameroon, allowing us to redeploy vessels outside of our previously concentrated position in Nigeria.
Focus on Operational Excellence
Even as we acquired new assets and entered new markets during the year, we retained our focus and our belief that investing in highly trained and well-safeguarded employ- ees leads to operational excellence, which will differentiate Hercules Offshore from our competitors. Safeguarding our employees and contractors and operating in an environmen- tally responsible manner remains of para- mount importance. Our commitment to these issues reaped benefits in 2006. Our liftboat segment completed the year with no lost time incidents, while Rig 11 and Rig 22 ended the year with no lost time incidents and no recordable incidents. We will contin- ue to hold ourselves, our employees and con- tractors accountable for safe and environ- mentally sensitive operations in 2007.
Optimism in 2007
Hercules Offshore is in an excellent position going into 2007. We anticipate steady demand for our Marine Services in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico in 2007 as exploration and production companies continue to utilize our liftboat fleet for planned projects. During 2007, barring potential tropical storm dam-
age, we expect U.S Gulf of Mexico activity to return to normal levels, and earlier projects that were postponed in order to repair dam- age caused by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita will commence. In West Africa, demand for our liftboat services is high and we expect the majority of our 17 vessels to have steady work during the year.
In our Contract Drilling segment, many competitors are reacting to the demand for jackups in international markets by moving rigs out of the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. Hercules Offshore should benefit from our competi- tors’ exit because our domestic rigs are well- equipped, and in many cases, purpose built for service in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. We plan to keep most of our existing six jackups in the region. In our international jackup fleet, Rig 26 will leave the shipyard early in the third quarter, ready for a multi-year international contract. Rig 16 is contracted in Qatar through May 2008 and Rig 31 is contracted in India through most of 2007.
Hercules Offshore is a unique enter- prise within the energy services industry. We are building our company with assets from both the Contract Drilling and Marine Services segments of the market. We’re inte- grating employees from acquired companies to create a unified Hercules Offshore culture. In less than two years as a public company, the Hercules Offshore management team has established a global, financially disci- plined, and growing business with a market value of approximately $850 million.
Hercules Offshore has excellent prospects for the future, as well as the ener- gy and know-how to execute our strategy for growth. I want to thank our shareholders for having confidence in Hercules Offshore and giving us the opportunity to build a compa- ny that will deliver long-term value for all
of our stakeholders.
Randall D. Stilley
Chief Executive Officer and President March 10, 2007
 Hercules Offshore 2006 Annual Report 3
   To our Shareholders
In 2006, we did what we set out to do. Last year, we set clear goals
for ourselves:
• Grow the Company
• Expand our geographic footprint • Maintain financial discipline
Growth
During the year, we grew our Marine Services and Contract Drilling fleets, adding 19 liftboats to the fleet and one jackup drilling rig. The acquisitions fueled our international expansion and increased our operating days.
We made two important liftboat acquisi- tions during the year. In June, we acquired five liftboats, and we assumed the construc- tion of a sixth liftboat from Laborde Marine Lifts, Inc. We successfully completed the construction of the sixth Laborde vessel, and put all of the acquired vessels to work in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. The Laborde vessels added to our capability to provide larger classes of vessels to our customers, with
the addition of two 175 and two 200 class vessels. With an average vessel age of only four years, the acquisition also improved the age profile of our liftboat fleet. In November, we completed the second of our liftboat acquisitions, acquiring eight liftboats and the rights to operate an additional five liftboats operating in West Africa from Halliburton. The addition of the Halliburton fleet increased our West African fleet to 17, adding to the momentum of our 2005 acqui- sition of the four Danos & Curole liftboats operating in Nigerian waters.
During 2006, we also acquired Rig 26,
a jackup drilling rig. We commenced a major upgrade of the rig, which we expect to be complete during the third quarter of 2007. We are marketing Rig 26 in several targeted international locations, allowing us to accomplish our strategic goal of increasing the geographic diversity of our fleet.
Continuing our strategy of acquiring existing assets, we were able to quickly real- ize the benefit of the use of the Laborde and Halliburton liftboat fleets during the year, as we experienced a 56% increase in liftboat operating days, primarily as a result of the addition of these assets to our fleet.
Expanded Geographic Footprint
At year-end 2006, 27% of our fleet was at work in international markets, compared to a business based entirely in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico at the time of our initial public offering in late 2005.
The expansion of our liftboats into West Africa and our entry into the Middle East and India are significant to our growth strategy. Establishing operations in these major markets opens up opportunities for our liftboats to move into the Middle East and for our jackups to work in West Africa. Diversifying into key international markets also improves our ability to endure market cycles because we are no longer entirely focused in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. Further, rigs and liftboats working in international
locations typically operate under longer-term contracts that provide a more stable and pre- dictable income stream.
During the year, we have also diversi- fied our existing international presence. The acquisition of Halliburton’s West African liftboat fleet allowed us to move from purely Nigerian operations to operations through- out the oil and gas regions of West Africa. Shortly after acquiring the new liftboats, we began operations in Ghana and Cameroon. We are leveraging the increased size and versatility of the fleet to seek opportunities in Angola, the Ivory Coast and elsewhere
in West Africa.
Financial Discipline
During the year, we maintained our financial discipline, despite our dynamic growth. In fact, we exited 2006 with a much stronger balance sheet than we began the year, positioning the Company for further growth in 2007 and beyond. As we evaluated acqui- sition opportunities, we continued to focus on ensuring that the additional assets would meet our return on capital requirements.
2 Hercules Offshore 2006 Annual Report
Randall D. Stilley
Chief Executive Officer and President
   