To Our Shareholders:
Without a doubt, 2008 was a challenging year. Our business and our employees endured two devastating hurricanes and, by year-end, we were mired in the most severe financial crisis that we have seen in our lifetime. As such, we have seen a significant decline in our business and our equity value. While we are left with many challenges ahead of us, and certainly all industry participants are feeling the effects of the current weak macro-economic environment, I am proud of how quickly our management team and employees responded with aggressive and proactive cost-savings initiatives to help mitigate the impact of the financial crisis and the resultant severe decline in commodity prices. Our immediate response, coupled with numerous other strategic accomplishments in 2008, has better positioned the company to weather the challenging times ahead and to deliver long-term rewards to our shareholders.
Highlighting Accomplishments in 2008
During the year, we significantly increased our geographic footprint and improved the overall profile of our assets. In the first half of the year, we upgraded our fleet with the acquisition of three jackup drilling rigs, Hercules 261, Hercules 262 and Hercules 350. We quickly secured three-year contracts in Saudi Arabia at attractive dayrates for both Hercules 261 and Hercules 262, which commenced operations for Saudi Aramco in late 2008 and early 2009, respectively. This acquisition brought higher-specification drilling rigs to our fleet and allowed us to increase our presence in the largest jackup market in the world, the Middle East, and deepened our relationship with national oil companies.
We also furthered our international expansion efforts with the commencement of operations on three-year term contracts for Hercules 258, Hercules 260 and Hercules 208. The Hercules 258 and Hercules 260 commenced operations with India’s Oil & Natural Gas Corporation Ltd. After an extensive refurbishment program, Hercules 208 became the first mat-supported jackup to work in Southeast Asia in nearly a decade when it commenced operations in the offshore waters of Malaysia in August. These three contracts, combined with the two aforementioned contracts with Saudi Aramco, have added approximately $650 million in contract backlog with solid customers, and will provide an attractive base of revenue well into 2011.

Our International Liftboats segment also expanded in 2008 as we mobilized two vessels, the Amberjack and the Whale Shark, to the Middle East from the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. We secured work for the Amberjack soon after its arrival to the Middle East. The Whale Shark is undergoing repairs and upgrades which are progressing and we expect that the vessel will secure work in the second quarter of 2009, deepening our footprint in the Middle East. In West Africa, the Black Jack, a 200’ class vessel we acquired in 2007, commenced operations around mid-year after undergoing extensive refurbishment in our shipyard in Warri, Nigeria.
Adhering To Strong Safety and Operational Standards
It is imperative that we remain diligent in both our safety and operational performance not only to remain competitive amongst our peers, but to ensure the well-being of our employees and our customers. Our safety and operations departments work hand-in-hand to ensure that we are delivering the best performance to our customers while doing so in a manner that demonstrates our commitment to an injury-free workplace and environmentally sound operations.
Hurricanes Gustav and Ike wreaked havoc on the U.S. Gulf Coast, affecting both our operations and personnel. Words cannot express the deep gratitude and pride I have for the manner in which our employees responded to the storms. We safely evacuated more than 1,400 employees from 42 rigs for both storms and 30 liftboats for Gustav and 40 liftboats for Ike without injuring a single employee and only sustaining minor, weather-related damage to our assets, a feat that could not have been accomplished without a strong dedication to safe operations.
Over the course of 2008, more than 2,800 employees completed our three-day, state of the art behavior based training program – our HERO Training – bringing the total number of employees trained to more than 4,000. We are already reaping the rewards of the HERO Training, posting a 22% year-on-year reduction in our lost time incident rate and improving our total recordable incident rate by 19%.

I am proud of Hercules Offshore employees and their commitment to performing their jobs in a safe and efficient manner, enhancing the value of our company and the services we provide our customers.
Looking Forward
Our industry, along with nearly every other industry in every corner of the world, is experiencing the increasingly dire effects of the financial crisis that began in 2008. Looking into 2009, as a severe global recession begins to take hold, the visibility in our business is as poor as I can ever remember. Not only are our customers facing dramatically reduced commodity prices, all are dealing with increases in their cost of capital, and many lack access to capital altogether. This has created an environment where our customers are hesitant to commit capital to new projects. Exploration and production capital expenditures, the lifeblood of our industry, will likely decline in North America to a greater degree than any time in recent history, if not the past several decades. We also believe international exploration and production investments will decline for the first time in a decade.
In this challenging environment, we will remain vigilant in managing our cost structure. We began to aggressively stack drilling rigs at the first sign of the significant decline in oil and gas activity. Our stacking plan will significantly reduce our operating costs. Additionally, we made the difficult decision to reduce the size of our workforce to complement the size of our marketed fleet. We will continue to monitor conditions and will stack additional rigs as necessary. With the completion of the vast majority of our upgrade projects and contract specific requirements, coupled with the decline in the number of marketed rigs due to our stacking plan, we have also substantially reduced our capital expenditures for 2009.
While our focus on cost-control has proven to be successful over the years and will remain a fundamental part of our business strategy during this economic downturn, we will also continue to seek creative strategic opportunities to expand our business and enhance shareholder value. In January 2009, we entered into an agreement with Mosvold Middle East Jackup Ltd. whereby we will manage two of their high-specification newbuild jackup rigs which are scheduled to enter service in December of this year and April of 2010. We acquired the worldwide marketing rights

for these rigs and, upon the commencement of operations, will receive a commencement fee and an ongoing management fee, with Mosvold either paying for or reimbursing us for all the expenses of operating the rigs. We will continue to pursue these types of creative ways to enhance the capability of our fleet and grow revenue without significant capital investment.
With the onset of the financial crisis, it will be critical for Hercules Offshore to maintain our liquidity and reduce our financial leverage during 2009. We closed 2008 with cash and equivalents totaling nearly $107 million and $221 million in unused capacity under our revolving credit facility. During the fourth quarter of 2008 alone, we reduced our indebtedness by approximately $100 million, taking advantage of the opportunity to repurchase an aggregate principal amount of approximately $88 million of our 3.375% Convertible Senior Notes for around $45 million or 51% of the par value, a strategic move that enabled us to accelerate our debt reduction while generating cash savings of nearly $43 million.
Regardless of the current economic conditions and the challenging outlook for 2009, I am proud of the efforts our management team and employees have made as we move forward to better position Hercules Offshore for brighter days ahead. I would be remiss if I did not express my deep gratitude for our board of directors; their support and guidance is invaluable. I also greatly appreciate the support of all of our stakeholders who continue to share in our vision and commitment to building and maintaining a world class company and the preferred shallow-water oilfield service company.
John T. Rynd
Chief Executive Officer and President March 13, 2009
 