To Our Shareholders:
We recognize that the offshore drilling industry is cyclical, with alternating periods of great strength and great weakness. As a management team, it is critical to manage across this reality. That means cutting costs and reducing capacity when conditions are challenged. However, it is also important to stay focused and opportunistic during those low points to position the Company for growth when industry conditions inevitably improve. From 2009 through much of 2011, the shallow water offshore drilling industry in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico may have endured the most challenging trough in its long history. Starting in late 2011, the momentum started to shift to the upside. By the time we entered 2012, a recovery in the U.S. was well underway. With our acquisition of assets of Seahawk in mid-2011, we were in great position to capture the improvement. In 2012, we also recognized an opportunity with one of our key international client, Saudi Aramco, which led to our purchase and long term contracting of the Hercules 266. The high return transaction furthered our international diversification and added significant backlog with a blue chip customer to our portfolio. The various moves that we made during this historical downturn have set the Company up for a successful 2013 and beyond.
Success in 2012
The recovery in the U.S. drilling market has been stronger than we expected. While profitability has not yet reached previous peaks, in many ways, the current fundamentals are the strongest ever, due to the unprecedented visibility in the business. With the exception of rigs undergoing downtime for regulatory maintenance, our domestic marketed fleet was fully utilized throughout 2012. Leading edge dayrates on our largest class of jackups, a 200-foot mat- supported cantilever rig, increased by approximately 60% year over year, and effectively tripled since the previous low in early 2010. Our contracted backlog ended 2012 at approximately eight months per marketed rig, nearly twice what we began the year with. We have more contract coverage on our domestic rigs than ever before, and many customer discussions are already focused on 2014.
Key to this sharp improvement is a recovery in demand, coupled with a decade long decline in the supply of jackup rigs. This combination has led to an exceptionally tight supply/demand environment in the Gulf of Mexico. On the demand side, our customers have actively shifted their drilling portfolios to liquids rich opportunities in order to take advantage of the disparity between crude oil and natural gas prices. Our discussions with operators suggest a sizable inventory of prospects that can support this trend for some time. We are also seeing greater interest to drill in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, not only from the traditional leaseholders, but also from a number of well-funded startup companies. On the supply side, over the past decade, the number of drilling capable jackups has declined from nearly 150 rigs to only 36 rigs today. Our Company owns half of these rigs. Given the pricing gains in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, it is possible that a small number of rigs from international regions could mobilize back to the U.S. over time. However, dayrates and term structures in most international regions remain above the Gulf of Mexico. Furthermore, when factoring in the significant expense to mobilize equipment, and the high cost to operate in the U.S., we do not expect any significant supply growth in the domestic arena under such conditions.
{S 0112 - 0005/00057469/v1}1

The limited availability of jackup rigs in the region, as well as our desire to satisfy growing customer demand in the coming years created the catalyst to begin the reactivation of our first coldstacked rig. The Hercules 209 commenced the reactivation process in November 2012 and is expected to begin work by mid-year. Subsequent reactivations are dependent on our assessment of customer demand and well economics. Based on current conditions in the Gulf of Mexico, I am hopeful that we will be in a position to increase our marketed fleet, but we will remain prudent with our investment decisions.
Building Scale in International Markets
Our international drilling operations underwent a transitional period in 2012, as we were faced with the challenge of realigning our international rig fleet to a less favorable pricing environment than what was experienced in the prior contracting cycle. We also had to replace the Hercules 185 that was deemed a total constructive loss due to extensive leg damage, for which we received a substantial insurance recovery.
We are meeting this challenge by adding scale, via the acquisitions of the Hercules 266 in April 2012 and more recently with the planned acquisition of the Ben Avon in March 2013. Both acquisitions share several similar characteristics. Long term contracts at attractive dayrates accompanied in both transactions. Additionally, each contract demonstrates our strong relationship with the some of the world’s most prominent operators, Saudi Aramco for the Hercules 266 and Chevron for the Ben Avon, and their trust in our people, our safety culture and our services. These are quality assets that I expect will be in good demand for many years to come after their initial contracts. Finally, these assets have solid investment returns, and when combined with our existing international fleet, will provide a stable base of cash flow for our international drilling segment to continue to build upon.
Improving the Balance Sheet
In conjunction with the Hercules 266 contract award last April, we executed our debt refinancing. As part of the refinancing, we issued $500 million of long term bonds to pay off our term loan, and secured a new $75 million revolving credit facility. We also issued equity to fund the purchase and capital upgrades of the Hercules 266. The refinancing substantially improved our overall credit profile and extended our debt maturities into 2017 and beyond. Our new bonds also released us from prior restrictive financial covenants and allow for greater flexibility to make future investments. We still have further improvements to make on our balance sheet, particularly relative to our current asset base. However, I believe the refinancing lays to rest any concerns over our need to dilute shareholders solely to pay down debt.
Repositioning and Streamlining
Over the past few years, our global liftboat business has been a tale of two cities. While international markets in West Africa and the Middle East have been strong, the domestic business has experienced no measurable improvement and has operated below potential. In response, we elected last year to mobilize one of our largest
{S 0112 - 0005/00057469/v1}2

liftboats, the Kingfish, from the U.S. to the Middle East. Since the mobilization, we have been able to place the vessel under long term contract at rates that are roughly 50% higher than what it achieved in the U.S. We also implemented a more aggressive domestic pricing structure on our existing fleet. We expect the higher domestic dayrates achieved in 2012 will continue in 2013. Additional actions taken in early 2013 to further align supply and demand in the U.S. are expected to yield performance gains over the coming years. Internationally, we continue to see strong demand for our liftboat services. In addition to the mobilization of the Kingfish to the Middle East, we also recently acquired the Titan 2 to target the high end market segment in West Africa. The vessel was recently built in 2008 and is one of the most capable in the region. The acquisition is part of our ongoing efforts to renew our fleet and increase our international presence.
We continued to streamline our non-essential asset base and generated $73 million last year in proceeds through our divestiture program. During 2012, we sold seven coldstacked jackup rigs, bringing the total number of idle jackups sold since 2009 to 20 rigs, two submersibles and two inland barge rigs. We also sold Platform 3, our only platform rig and only asset in Mexico, both areas where we see limited growth based on our current asset mix. Not only did we generate significant cash from these sales, we reduced our cost structure by removing the carrying expenses of these nonproductive assets and eliminated their potential future liabilities. We have also been very mindful to sell these assets out of the industry or restrict their usage in a drilling capacity.
Staying True to Business Principles
We operate in some of the most remote and challenging places on the planet. Regardless of the challenges, our integrity and reputation is paramount in our long term viability and competitiveness. During the year, both the Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) concluded their Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) investigations and deemed they would not pursue any enforcement action against us. In fact, in terminating their investigation, the DOJ commended the Company on its strong and effective compliance programs. Although coming under the scrutiny of the Federal Government is never a highlight, the positive outcome validates our emphasis on business principles and ethical standards.
We were also ahead of the curve in achieving ISO 9001 certification in 2012, becoming the first U.S. drilling company to receive corporate headquarter certification in 2012. The certification opens new markets worldwide and is virtually a commercial necessity for international growth and development.
Executing on our Success
For all of the opportunities that lie ahead of us, there are new sets of challenges on the horizon. The current robust conditions in the offshore drilling industry and heavy newbuild cycle will likely create a more competitive environment to attract and retain talented people. We have a number of shipyard projects either in progress or planned for the year, including the reactivation of the Hercules 209, completion of the capital upgrade work on the Hercules 266, and six rigs scheduled to undergo their five year special surveys, in addition to our normal scheduled
{S 0112 - 0005/00057469/v1}3

maintenance and drydocking. Our responsibilities at Discovery Offshore will take a significant step forward, with delivery of the Discovery Triumph and Discovery Resilience in the second and fourth quarters of 2013, respectively, requiring us to execute on every facet of managing a separate drilling entity, including construction oversight, long term financing, marketing and operations.
These are just a few of the challenges that we will face in 2013, and I am certain that others will arise. It is incumbent on us to stay diligent in our efforts to control operating costs, complete shipyard projects in a timely and cost efficient manner, have the right people in place, and effectively manage the startup of Discovery Offshore, all without compromise to our safety and ethical standards. With our seasoned management team, I am confident these goals will be achieved over the course of this year.
Giving Thanks and Looking Forward
The events that have transpired over the past four years have certainly offered a unique set of challenges, but also created great opportunities. Many lessons have been learned and reinforced along the way. But our core principals have remained and were proven guideposts as we managed the Company through those difficult times:
  Seek balance and diversity where strategically possible
  Focus on core competencies
  Stay opportunistic and creative
  No compromise on business integrity and ethical conduct
To each of these ends, we have more to do. Going forward, we will be presented with a different set of challenges. As we face these new challenges, I take comfort in the knowledge of what our people, management and Board of Directors have been able to achieve over the past cycle, and their demonstrated abilities to navigate through difficult waters. I would like to thank each of these groups, along with our shareholders, creditors and customers for their support and dedication. Without this, our Company would not be celebrating the many successes we had in 2012, and I look forward to what we can accomplish in the coming years.
John T. Rynd
Chief Executive Officer and President March 20, 2013
 {S 0112 - 0005/00057469/v1}4
