CEO letter

Dear Fellow Stockholders, Fiscal 2008 was a strong year with some notable accomplishments. We have prepared HP to perform well and are building a company that can deliver meaningful value to our customers and stockholders for the long term. Looking ahead, it is important to separate 2008 from 2009, and acknowledge the difficult economic landscape. While we have made much progress, there is still much work to do. 2008--Solid Progress and Performance in a Tough Environment With the acquisition of Electronic Data Systems Corporation (EDS), we continued implementing a multi-year strategy to create the world's leading technology company. Additionally, we made solid progress on a number of core initiatives, including the substantial completion of phase one of HP's information technology transformation. Fiscal 2008 was also a difficult year, during which economic conditions deteriorated. HP proved our ability to execute in a tough environment. In 2008, HP delivered:  Net revenue growth of 13 percent, or 8 percent in constant currency, to $1 18.4 billion  GAAP operating profit of $10.5 billion  GAAP diluted EPS of $3.25, up from $2.68 in the prior year  Non-GAAP operating profit of $1 1.8 billion*  Non-GAAP diluted EPS of $3.62, up from $2.93 in the prior year* HP gained share in key segments, while continuing to show discipline in our pricing and promotions. Software, services, notebooks, blades and storage each posted double-digit revenue growth, highlighting both our market-leading technology and improved execution. Technology Services showed particular strength with double-digit growth in revenue for the year and improved profitability. The EDS Acquisition--Disciplined Execution of a Multi-year Strategy In August, HP completed its acquisition of EDS, a global technology services, outsourcing and consulting leader, for a purchase price of $13 billion. The EDS integration is at or ahead of the operational plans we announced in September, and customer response to the acquisition remains very positive. The addition of EDS further expands HP's comprehensive, strategically assembled portfolio that provides unparalleled capabilities for delivering endto-end solutions. Over the course of several years, HP has established a track record of making acquisitions, integrating them, supporting them with R&D and turning them into market leaders with enhanced profitability. HP is following the same game plan with EDS, which is an excellent fit both financially and operationally. EDS provides a strong base of recurring revenues and a meaningful opportunity to capture synergies and expand earnings per share. More importantly, EDS adds a

world-class, globally scaled services capability to HP's established leadership in hardware and management software. This is a powerful combination that puts HP in a distinct position to lead the industry and deliver for our customers and stockholders. Solid Progress on our Core Initiatives--A Milestone in the IT Transformation Even as we have undertaken the integration of EDS, multiple transformations of corporate functions, business groups and business processes are underway across HP. In fiscal 2008, we made good progress, removing more than twice the costs from corporate shared services than we did in fiscal 2007. Perhaps no single initiative has been as important as our information technology transformation. Begun in 2005, phase one of this effort--the complete rebuild of HP's IT infrastructure and processes--achieved substantial completion by the end of 2008. The transformation of HP's IT reduces costs, provides more reliable information, establishes a simplified and dependable IT infrastructure, improves business continuity and supports the company's growth. We also expect to flip the ratio of our IT spend from 75 percent on maintenance and 25 percent on innovation to 75 percent on innovation and 25 percent on maintenance. This was all done primarily with HP hardware, software and services, and the capabilities of our closest partners.

The benefits of the IT transformation are expected to include:  Consolidation of more than 85 internal data centers to six next-generation data centers  Consolidation of 6,000 applications to 1,500 standardized applications  Reduction of annual energy consumption in data centers by 60 percent  Increase in processing power of 250 percent For all that we have accomplished in creating a more efficient company, there is still a great deal of work left to do and several more years of cost cutting for HP to reach the benchmarks we have set. We expect to reduce our cost structure in fiscal 2009 by more than $1 billion in constant currency over fiscal 2008 levels through previously announced initiatives in our corporate functions and the EDS business. Additionally, we have significant cost savings to realize within our segments to improve their competitiveness. Our goal: to have the best operations of any company in the world.

Looking Ahead: Long-term Opportunity; Near-term Challenges In the long term, we see extraordinary opportunities for HP. The amount of information on the planet is exploding. It has been estimated that the digital data-set doubles every 18 months. All of that information needs to be captured, stored, processed, shared, printed and viewed. Consumers need always on, always connected access to the data that is increasingly central to their lives. Enterprises are straining to meet ever-growing demand with aging, complex, proprietary and inefficient IT infrastructures. These dynamics are creating a massive disruption in the IT marketplace and a massive opportunity for HP. With a comprehensive portfolio of hardware, software and services, HP is well positioned to help customers manage and transform their IT environments. In the near term, we expect that economic conditions in 2009 will be extremely challenging. It will take continued discipline and tough decision making to stay the course and continue executing our strategy in the coming months. However, our company has significant competitive advantages:  A strong balance sheet  Diversified revenues with one-third of our revenue and well over half of our profits from recurring sources such as services and supplies  A lean, variable cost structure and commitment to continue to eliminate all costs that are not core to the company's success  Proven financial and operational discipline

These advantages will be put to good use by our outstanding executive leadership team. We will continue to make strategic investments for the future in sales coverage, opportunistic acquisitions, research and development, and customer service and support. Our plan is to get through this period without losing any muscle in the organization or changing our swing in the marketplace. Great companies rise to the top in tough times, and I believe HP is one of the best. We expect that HP's ability to execute in a challenging marketplace will differentiate us from our competitors and enable HP to emerge from the current environment as a stronger force in the industry. Thank you for your investment in HP.

Sincerely,

Mark V. Hurd Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President

*Fiscal year 2008 non-GAAP financial information excludes $973 million of adjustments on an after-tax basis, or $0.37 per diluted share, related primarily to the amortization of purchased intangible assets, in-process research and development charges, restructuring charges and acquisitionrelated charges. Fiscal year 2007 non-GAAP diluted EPS excludes $0.25 per share of adjustments on an after-tax basis related primarily to the amortization of purchased intangible assets, in-process research and development charges, restructuring charges and a net pension curtailment gain. HP's management uses non-GAAP operating profit and non-GAAP diluted EPS to evaluate and forecast HP's performance before gains, losses or other charges that are considered by HP's management to be outside of HP's core business segment operating results. HP believes that presenting non-GAAP operating profit and non-GAAP diluted EPS in addition to GAAP operating profit and GAAP diluted EPS provides investors with greater transparency to the information used by HP's management in its financial and operational decision making. HP further believes that providing this additional non-GAAP information helps investors understand HP's operating performance and evaluate the efficacy of the methodology and information used by management to evaluate and measure such performance. This additional non-GAAP information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for GAAP operating profit and GAAP diluted EPS.

