Dear fellow shareowners,

Systemic, sustainable advances in business and society are seldom defined by a single bold act. Instead, they are realized through the everyday acts of many. This past year shows what is possible when the 89,000 people of Hewlett-Packard put their minds to something and contribute in their own creative ways to a unified effort. FY00 will go down as a pivotal year in our history, a year in which hp's reinvention gained sufficient velocity and direction to begin driving meaningful, sustainable progress. As we enter the 21st century, we stand at the edge of a new era, an era in which technology will become even more deeply woven into the fabric of business, society and our daily lives. As we enter this era, a new technology landscape is emerging. A landscape that's defined by truly simple personal devices that run useful Web services-- e-services--across an Internet infrastructure that's always on, always available. We're heading toward a world where everything will be connected by way of a new generation of technology linked to the Net. We believe that hp has a unique opportunity to transform markets at the intersection of information appliances, useful e-services and an always-on Internet infrastructure. Capitalizing on these opportunities requires us to reinvent this great company, restructuring and revitalizing ourselves to once again capture the spirit of invention and apply it to solving customer problems and meeting customer needs. Our collective goal in this reinvention is to preserve the best of hp and reinvent the rest. By this I mean that we are maintaining the best attributes we have developed over our 61 years in business--our inventive capability, our focus on the customer, our respect for our employees--while thoroughly reinventing every major component of the organization around these core strengths.
A year of improving performance

From the day I arrived at hp, I have said that the world has yet to see the performance that hp is truly capable of achieving. With a more consistent strategy that pulls together the many attributes of this company--and with a renewed inventive spirit--I believe the people of hp can deliver greater and greater value to our customers, our shareowners and our communities. One of the very first commitments I made to hp's shareowners was to improve hp's ability to deliver consistent, predictable top- and bottom-line results. Because of the actions we took this year, hp revitalized top-line growth and achieved balanced revenue and earnings growth of 15 percent for the first time in four years. You are starting to see what hp can accomplish when we focus our energy and our resources on a set of shared objectives: - Our total revenues grew to $48.8 billion this year--reflecting the new relevance we are gaining with our customers. - Our return on assets and our return on equity,10.5 percent and 25.1 percent respectively, are strong. - The business continues to generate significant cash, and our balance sheet is exceptional. Overall, the numbers reflect the progress we are making, along with the areas where we need to work harder. While we posted four quarters of improving top-line performance for FY00, we failed to meet our profitability targets in the fourth quarter. And while there were a number of factors at play, many unique to the quarter, the leadership team and I are resolved to meet our commitment to deliver consistent, predictable financial results. Heading into fiscal year 2001, our goal is to accelerate the reinvention of hp. We are confident that our strategy is on track and our executional abilities are improving. And as we enter increasingly difficult and uncertain economic times, our portfolio breadth and depth, our reputation for quality and reliability, our financial strength and our deeply rooted global presence will serve as important assets.

letter printed on hp LaserJet paper

9

If you read no further, you should take away this: The reinvention of hp is on track, we are once again capable of delivering balanced revenue and profit growth, and we are back as a competitive force in the industry. But I hope you will read further, because the lessons we're learning within hp are applicable not only to our business, but to many businesses in an Internet Age.
Fueling reinvention: putting the components in harmony

Our belief is that sustainable reinvention requires a holistic approach. By this I mean we're working to ensure that the four essential components of a healthy business system are synchronized and in full support of our reinvention goals:
Strategy. HP has traditionally excelled at developing product strategies and marshaling resources to pursue them. Our highly decentralized structure has enabled us to move quickly. In an Internet Age, it's clear that we must maintain this speed. At the same time, our value to customers lies not only in individual products--but in delivering total solutions. To achieve this, we are focusing on strategic opportunities that fall between our traditional businesses, or cross the lines of one or more of our businesses. Structure and e-processes. To deliver on our strategy, we need to continually raise our performance to higher

levels in terms of how we serve customers and how quickly we turn inventive ideas into world-class technology solutions. This year, we began the work of radically restructuring hp into four organizations--two customer-facing (our Business Customer Organization and our Consumer Business Organization) and two focused on product generation (Computing Systems, and Imaging and Printing Systems). The IT Services segment is a component of the Business Customer Organization. This organizational structure aligns us to create superior customer experiences, while committing focused resources to developing superior technology solutions. For speed, our customer-facing and product-generation organizations have clear roles and responsibilities for execution. For leverage, they collaborate closely on key areas of product planning, solutions creation and share important operational and financial goals. In addition, in FY00, we began consolidating 83 independent product lines into 17 product categories--allowing us to reduce redundant overhead and channel the savings into R&D and sales. At the same time, we began introducing e-services initiatives within the company to streamline processes, make employees more productive and take cost out of our infrastructure. The goal is to allow us to invest in important growth opportunities for the company as well as in more customer-facing resources.
Performance metrics and rewards. What gets measured is what gets done. To help incent the right actions

and behaviors within hp--and to reinforce new ways of collaborating--we've reengineered our performance management, compensation and rewards programs. Many elements of these programs went into effect this year, with expansion planned for FY01. For example, our top 200 leaders are now rewarded through a pay-for-results program that requires achieving specific goals in both revenue and profit growth to receive their bonuses. This "double-barrel" approach means that if the company does not meet its threshold performance goals for both revenue and profit growth in a given half, leaders receive no company-wide bonus--which is exactly what happened for the second half of FY00. On the other hand, there is considerable upside potential if targeted aspirational goals are met. In fiscal year 2001, we will be expanding this pay-for-results program significantly. Indeed, all hp employees will have a portion of their compensation tied to the company's results. As part of our reinvention of rewards, we have created a Company Performance Bonus to replace hp's Profit-Sharing Plan. With the new program, employees will receive a bonus--targeted at between 6 and 9 percent of their pay--only if we meet or exceed threshold revenue and profit goals. As with the pay-for-results program, there will be considerable upside potential when hp meets its aspirational goals.

letter printed on hp LaserJet paper

11

Culture. HP has long been admired for our culture--a performance meritocracy with an informal environment and a firm belief that every community in which we live and work should benefit by our presence. For decades, the hp Way served as a guiding set of principles in this regard, shaping our actions and differentiating hp as a place to build a meaningful career. In recent years, the intent of the hp Way became clouded and it was used to justify behavior such as conflict avoidance, weak performance management and an excessive focus on consensus.

Clearly, this was not what our founders Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard had in mind. We've spent a significant amount of energy this year defining what will be required of each of us going forward--what traits, what actions, what new ways of working together. We've captured these requirements in something we call The Rules of the Garage, which preserves and builds on the beliefs and core values inherent in the hp Way. These values include: respect for the individual, contribution to customers and the community, uncompromising integrity, teamwork and innovation. We like to think of The Rules of the Garage as the hp Way, recast for the 21st century. We believe quite strongly that our culture, our principles and our way of treating each other create unique advantages for hp--both in serving our customers and in allowing us to recruit and retain the best and brightest employees. These advantages set us apart from the pack--and we intend to cultivate and nurture them.
How reinvention is fueling business performance

Reinvention is a process--a journey, if you will. And along the way there are signposts that represent tangible evidence of progress. Here are some of the most significant signposts from fiscal year 2000:
Heavy lifting in the computer systems business results in improved performance. Our computer systems business is focused on delivering the next-generation infrastructure--an always-on Internet infrastructure that will help businesses provide services to their customers and employees. During FY00, we did the heavy lifting required to refresh our server product line from low-end to high-end and everywhere in between. While in the midst of one of the more impressive product rollovers in our history, we still managed to deliver 18 percent growth in this critical arena. We nearly doubled our performance in our low-end server business, which is an important indicator of our progress against our competition in this market. Our mid-range server revenue was up 17 percent, and we also launched Superdome--our much-anticipated high-end UNIX system that offers not only superior performance, but also a truly exceptional customer experience. We also redoubled our efforts in serving our enterprise customers by restructuring and reenergizing our sales force. The combination of our best server line-up ever and a more focused approach to key account coverage paid off with 28 percent revenue growth in our corporate accounts business during the second half of the year.

- Storage offers another tremendous growth opportunity for hp. Although we took a short-term hit in storage revenue when we ended our relationship with EMC, our storage business is now healthy again and growing. As just one example, our storage area network business grew 70 percent year-over-year. - We revamped our software strategy and made significant investments in components of the software stack that will position hp for leadership in services-based computing. In particular, by entering into an agreement to buy Bluestone Software and add its highly acclaimed XML-based Web application server and tools to our portfolio, we are working to enable customers to develop and deploy applications and services that capitalize on the XML standard. - Thanks to this heavy lifting in FY00, we entered FY01 with the strongest and broadest line of servers, storage and software solutions in our history. - While we are pleased with the momentum across many segments of our Computing Systems business, we are not yet satisfied with our progress in the Netserver and commercial PC segments, and we have more work to do to improve profitability overall.

letter printed on hp LaserJet paper

13

Achieved significant, organic growth in our services business. Another promising aspect of hp's diversified approach is our IT Services business. Here we achieved 14 percent revenue growth--fueled by consulting revenues that were up 28 percent, and orders that topped $1 billion. We believe this growth reflects a fundamental shift in the way customers want to be served. More and more, our enterprise customers are telling us they want to talk to one company about linking their business transformation needs with their IT implementations. We invested substantially in people during the year to meet this increasing need, hiring more than 1,700 consultants--an impressive achievement, considering the especially tight talent pool in the industry. We intend to continue growing our consulting business organically through hiring, and will analyze other possibilities for capitalizing on this important arena.

- Another highlight from our IT Services business included growing revenue 12 percent this year. Despite our progress in delivering solid revenue growth in core components of our IT Services business, we are not satisfied with our profitability and will make profitable growth a key focus during FY01.
Capitalized on our market clout in imaging and printing to fuel solid growth. This year, our unparalleled imaging and printing businesses achieved several notable milestones. This shows that hp is not content to rest on its laurels, but is committed to increasing our lead in the markets that we create. Total revenues surpassed $20 billion--up 10 percent compared with the year-ago period. We gained market share in laser printing, upping our share to 61 percent of the total market. To give you an appreciation of hp's position in this core business, we shipped more laser printers in our fourth quarter than our nearest competitor shipped in its entire year.

- Our share of the inkjet market is 41 percent, and our market share is twice that of our nearest competitor.We enter FY01 with a reengineered product line--bottom to top--across all categories, placing us in an excellent competitive position. - FY00 was an outstanding year for other important imaging product categories, too. For example, revenue in our image capture business grew 40 percent, including growth in digital cameras and photo printers, up 302 percent for the year.
Became the world's largest consumer technology supplier. Our consumer business, which includes home PCs, notebooks, PDAs, personal storage devices, inkjet printers and supplies, scanners, digital cameras and photo printers, grew 30 percent during the year. In addition to capitalizing on favorable market dynamics, our momentum in this business can be attributed to a revitalized hp brand, world-class manufacturing and distribution operations, a leading retail and online presence, a rich set of product configurations and innovative partnership models. In 2001, we plan to extend our reach into key markets in Europe, Asia and Latin America and continue to differentiate hp through innovative offerings that enrich people's lives. Began to use hp's strengths to deliver exceptional customer experiences. In reinventing hp, our primary

focus has been on customers. We are carefully examining how to improve every aspect of the customer experience lifecycle: how to better deliver on customer needs; how to develop deeper, more strategic relationships; how to engender unmatched loyalty. This year, we launched our first total customer experience (TCE) initiatives--including everything from better customer support programs to new and innovative go-to-market strategies. In the spirit of "what gets measured gets done," we developed a comprehensive set of analytics to measure our progress along key customer relationship metrics and, going forward, the compensation of our senior leaders will be tied to delivering on our TCE goals.
Changing the world: It's aspiration that drives us

While we learned a number of important lessons in FY00, the one that stands out the most is the sheer power of aspiration. As a company, we aspire to become a winning e-company with a shining soul: a company that leads in our core businesses; a company that uses the Internet and new technology to run our company and interface with customers; a company that displays uncompromising integrity, a passion for good citizenship and serves as a model of inclusion in the workplace and the marketplace; a company that uses its inventive capabilities to

letter printed on hp LaserJet paper

15

transform markets, even industries. Central to our aspirations is a vision of computing developed more than a decade ago in hp Labs. At that time, a team of researchers began envisioning an interconnected world. It was a world where computing was not limited by proprietary technology, closed computing architectures or even the need for electrical power. Our researchers envisioned a world based on open standards, a world in which virtually every person, place and thing on the planet could be connected. This vision has become our company's shared vision, a vision in which e-services of all types are made available on personal, friendly information appliances that are powered by an always-on Internet infrastructure. It's at the intersection of these three major forces of technology--information appliances, useful e-services and an always-on Internet infrastructure--that the most inventive solutions will be created: vehicles that serve as platforms for myriad e-services, connected to the Net via wireless networks. Mobile phones that offer an array of nimble e-services that will become essential for people on the go. Entire buildings--and virtually every entity in them-- acting as platforms for e-services that serve tomorrow's workforce. This is a wholly different view of how the Net works--it's a world where the Web works for you, rather than the other way around. All the hard work we are currently investing in the reinvention of hp will put us in position to deliver the benefits of this vision--a Net that serves everyone. It will allow us to extend the power of technology far beyond the halls of business and deep into society, including the four billion people in the developing world who currently don't have access to technology and the benefits it provides.
The journey

We have made solid progress over the past year and a half. And we know we have more work to do in FY01 to meet our commitments to shareowners. The 89,000 people of hp are reenergized and working with a common sense of purpose. We have a new bounce in our step because we realize as a team that we are on the verge of living up to our promise--to our customers, our shareowners and ourselves. We have reinvented and revitalized ourselves before in our 61 years of superior business performance. This time, our renewal will place us at the forefront of the Internet Age, where we will use our unique inventive capability to fundamentally transform how people live, learn, work and play. This is something worth doing--something that is worthy of Hewlett-Packard.

Carly Fiorina Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

letter printed on hp LaserJet paper

17

