A LETTER FROM THE

CEO

Léo Apotheker
President AND Chief Executive Officer

DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS,

I want all of you to know how honored I am to lead this great company and how excited I am about the opportunities that lie ahead. HP is the world's largest information technology company, which is impressive. However, even more impressive is what that scale means--the innovation we can drive into the marketplace, the breadth and depth of our portfolio, the expanse of our global reach, the talent and dedication of our more than 300,000 people, the solutions we can bring to our customers, the value we can create for our stockholders, and the impact we can have on the world. In fiscal 2010, as HP navigated a fragile economic recovery, all of these advantages were clearly evident. HP rebounded powerfully from the recessionary conditions of the prior year and reported growth in each reported business segment and in each of our three geographic regions. Our people remained focused on delivering for our customers and executing for our stockholders.

For the year, we delivered: ·N  et revenue of $126 billion, up 10 percent year-over-year ·G  AAP operating profit of $11.5 billion, up 13 percent year-over-year ·G  AAP diluted earnings per share of $3.69, up 18 percent year-over-year ·N  on-GAAP operating profit of $14.4 billion, up 14 percent year-over-year* ·N  on-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $4.58, up 19 percent year-over-year*

A POWERFUL PERFORMANCE ACROSS BUSINESSES AND GEOGRAPHIES
HP once again demonstrated the power of our diversification by performing across economic cycles. You will remember that during the worst of the 2009 recession, it was the strength of our resilient businesses such as supplies and services that helped preserve revenue and earnings. In fiscal 2010, we benefited from a technology refresh in commercial enterprises, and it was our product businesses that drove growth and margin expansion.

HP ANNUAL REPORT | 2010

A LETTER FROM THE CEO

HP's Enterprise Business grew 7 percent year-over-year, led by 21 percent growth in Enterprise Storage and Servers. Industry Standard Servers, Blade Servers, and BladeSystem Matrix products continue to lead their categories with exceptional growth. In networking, we gained momentum throughout the year, culminating in 227 percent year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter, aided by the acquisition of 3Com Corporation and more than 50 percent growth in our ProCurve networking products. Services and Software held steady, growing roughly at market. As HP moves increasingly to deliver more solutions, we expect to scale our services and software businesses more rapidly. In the Personal Systems Group, we demonstrated the strength of our balanced portfolio with growth in both commercial and consumer sectors. Overall, revenues grew 15 percent year-over-year and operating margins increased. In a very competitive environment, we did a good job of maintaining our No. 1 position in worldwide market share, as well as healthy average selling prices. We continue to differentiate through strong design and an outstanding customer experience across a full line of offerings that range from high-end gaming PCs to sleek, powerful notebooks to fashion-inspired netbooks and innovative smartphones. In the Imaging and Printing Group, a similar pattern emerged with growth in commercial and consumer sectors. For the year, IPG grew 7 percent over fiscal 2009 levels, while still delivering more than 17 percent operating profit. At the end of fiscal 2009, we committed to placing more units and regaining share in 2010.

For the full year, we grew units by 13 percent, growing LaserJet by 20 percent and Inkjet by 11 percent. Strong customer response to our new line of innovative web-connected printers helped us grow revenues and maintain attractive margins. Our growth initiatives in commercial print, graphics, and retail publishing also continued to gain solid traction with major new customer engagements and thousands of high-profile retail publishing solution placements. Billions of pages a year are moving from analog to digital, and we are exceptionally well-positioned with leading intellectual property to capture these highvalue pages. From a regional perspective, we saw a broad-based global recovery with growth of 11 percent in the Americas; 7 percent in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa; and 16 percent in Asia Pacific and Japan. Going forward, we are focused on moving beyond being a multinational company to being a truly global one with both deep local expertise and a comprehensive world view that brings the full value of HP to all customers. POWERFUL TRENDS AND A WAVE OF INNOVATION ARE RAPIDLY CHANGING THE TECHNOLOGY LANDSCAPE. AT HP, WE ARE INVESTING TO LEAD THE EVOLUTION OF THE INDUSTRY, AND WE CONTINUED TO BUILD OUR PORTFOLIO THROUGHOUT THE YEAR.

INVESTING TO LEAD THE EVOLUTION OF THE INDUSTRY
Powerful trends and a wave of innovation are rapidly changing the technology landscape. At HP, we are investing to lead the evolution of the industry, and we continued to build our portfolio throughout the year. In fact, HP had the largest and best product releases in its history in fiscal 2010, from the data center to the cloud and from PCs to printers. With Superdome 2, we added a powerful new solution for business-critical systems.

HP ANNUAL REPORT | 2010

A LETTER FROM THE CEO

BladeSystem Matrix and Virtual Connect significantly advance our strategy for converged and cloud-based infrastructures. Our ProLiant G7 servers deliver vastly improved performance, a much lower cost of ownership, and a return on investment measured in months. CloudStart helps clients quickly and easily realize the benefits of cloud computing. StoreOnce provides deduplication technology that comes straight out of HP Labs. In PCs and printers, TouchSmart and ePrint are redefining how we interact with technology and how we share the experiences of our life and work. We are also continuing to build our portfolio through acquisitions, and the marketplace offered several strategic opportunities in fiscal 2010. With the acquisition of Palm, Inc., we added the most modern operating system in the market, positioning HP to drive innovation into the fast-growing area of connected mobility. In an increasingly mobile and cloud-based environment, security and storage solutions are critical for our customers. We are building out a security offering, helped by the recent acquisitions of ArcSight, Inc.; Fortify Software Inc.; and 3Com's TippingPoint business. In addition, our recent acquisition of 3PAR Inc. provided essential storage technology for high-end and cloud environments. At the foundation of the data center, enterprises are embracing converged infrastructure that is flexible, scalable, and shareable. With our acquisition of 3Com, we filled out our networking portfolio to deliver unmatched capacity, efficiency, and value. With HP, customers can realize tomorrow's nextgeneration converged infrastructure today.

FISCAL 2011 PRIORITIES
As we look to fiscal 2011, HP will continue to move aggressively to drive growth, expand margins, and deliver unparalleled value to our customers and stockholders. We expect to grow by investing in portfolio enhancements and acquisitions, by covering more of the market with our sales force and channel partners, and by expanding that coverage more aggressively into high-growth emerging economies. Additionally, we plan increased investments in innovation. Over the last few years, we have rationalized our research and development spend, reduced inefficiency, and focused more acutely on practical applications, while at the same time delivering industry-leading products and technologies. Looking ahead, we will continue to speed the innovation cycle and deliver new technologies to market at scale with impact. Our focus on margin expansion will also continue in the year ahead. We do this by increasing gross margins through a more profitable business mix and through efficiencies. In a company of HP's size, there are always opportunities to achieve a higher level of efficiency, and major initiatives in our supply chain operations, real estate portfolio, and service delivery model are expected to have a positive impact on our operating leverage in fiscal 2011. We expect HP to continue moving up the technology stack into higher margin categories. By further developing our intellectual property portfolio, we plan to differentiate HP and leverage the enormous power, scale, and breadth of our marketleading products across the data center, printing, PCs, and mobile devices. This is the key to making HP the leading provider of strategic solutions that address our customers' biggest challenges.

HP ANNUAL REPORT | 2010

A LETTER FROM THE CEO

AN EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY AHEAD

At HP, our mission is to innovate at every touchpoint of information--from creation to capture, from management to delivery, Since joining HP, I have been impressed and all the collaboration that goes on in with our financial strength, the breadth between. We create the solutions that and quality of our portfolio, and the transform data into value, bytes into commitment and talent of our people. These experiences, and noise into knowledge. are significant competitive advantages that We drive that innovation at an unmatched position us to lead the industry and win in scale to advance human progress. the marketplace. However, for all we have accomplished, I believe that our greatest A woman in Ghana can have a faceopportunities lie ahead. to-face conversation with her daughter in France or authenticate her mother's In the 21st century, information is the medication with a simple text message world's most valuable resource. At sent to the cloud. A fast-growing bank in the heart of this evolution, information India can delight customers with anytime, technology has expanded from a tool for anywhere services. Or a start-up new productivity into tools for communication media company in Canada can redefine and collaboration, and today, information journalism with on-demand, professionaltechnology is rapidly becoming the fabric quality publishing. Governments can of society. Data flows from people to anticipate threats while respecting the people, people to machines, machines to privacy of their citizens, build intelligent machines, and back again. Bits and bytes infrastructures to manage scarce resources, are the universal currency. As a result, and reinvent vital services for growing our needs, our expectations, and our urban and aging populations. The opportunities are changing. expanding global middle class can fully The coming together of mobility and cloud participate in the information economy, computing puts your life and your business and the door of opportunity can open in the palm of your hand. Anywhere in to the nearly 7 billion people in the the world, whether you are an individual, global community. an employee, or a CEO, you expect your At HP, we are well-positioned to create information on--across devices, screens, value for our customers and stockholders. pages, and locations. This expectation is The role of technology is becoming reshaping businesses and governments. increasingly fundamental to the workings of Instant-On Enterprises are embedding our global society, and we are harnessing technology into everything they do so their the power of information to improve the most important asset--information--is way people live, businesses operate, and available in an instant, helping drive the world works. efficiency and spark innovation. Collectively, the right information at the Best Regards, right place at the right time can significantly increase the positive impact we have on our most vital issues, like improving healthcare, increasing access to education, Léo Apotheker and preserving the environment. President and Chief Executive Officer

* Fiscal year 2010 non-GAAP financial information excludes $2.1 billion of adjustments on an after-tax basis, or $0.89 per diluted share, related primarily to the amortization of purchased intangible assets, restructuring charges, and acquisition-related charges. HP's management uses non-GAAP operating profit and nonGAAP diluted earnings per share (EPS) to evaluate and forecast HP's performance before gains, losses, or other charges that are considered by HP's management to be outside of HP's core business segment operating results. HP believes that presenting non-GAAP operating profit and non-GAAP diluted EPS, in addition to GAAP operating profit and GAAP diluted EPS, provides investors with greater transparency to the information used by HP's management in its financial and operational decision making. HP further believes that providing this additional non-GAAP information helps investors understand HP's operating performance and evaluate the efficacy of the methodology and information used by management to evaluate and measure such performance. This additional non-GAAP information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for GAAP operating profit and GAAP diluted EPS.

HP ANNUAL REPORT | 2010

