CEO letter

Dear Fellow Stockholders, In 2009, the global economy experienced the worst recession in a generation. At HP, all of our work to reduce our cost base and to make it more variable proved immensely valuable. Beginning in our first fiscal quarter, we had to address a rapidly deteriorating demand environment across our product portfolio. We set a goal of controlling discretionary spending, while keeping the muscle of the organization intact and maintaining forward progress on our core strategy. At the same time, we focused on executing the integration of the services businesses acquired from Electronic Data Systems Corporation (EDS) in August 2008, ultimately rebranding the business HP Enterprise Services within the HP Enterprise Business. Although there is still much work to do, we enter fiscal 2010 in a stronger competitive position. All of our efforts resulted in a solid performance relative to the industry and the economic environment: ·Net revenue of $114.6 billion ·GAAP operating profit of $10.1 billion ·GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.14 ·Non-GAAP operating profit of $12.6 billion* ·Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.85* A solid performance by a more agile company Over the last five years, HP has become a much more agile company, able to adapt and benefit from changing market conditions. In fiscal 2009, we gained share in key markets and continued to invest for growth in research and development, acquisitions, and sales coverage. Perhaps nowhere has this agility been more evident than in our Personal Systems Group (PSG). In the first quarter, PSG revenue declined 19 percent from the prior year, but the business was able to adjust quickly to the new environment, rationalizing an operating model that encompasses the industry's largest PC supply chain and tens of thousands of resellers and retailers around the world. PSG delivered solid margins and continued to drive innovation into the market with a steady rollout of high-performing, well-designed, and well-received products. Over the course of the year, PSG not only reaffirmed its position as the worldwide leader in PC market share, but also captured the #1 position in the U.S. enterprise market with double-digit share gains. In the Imaging and Printing Group (IPG), the decline in demand hit especially hard early in the year. IPG has made significant progress in its cost structure, inventory management, and overall operational rigor. Operationally, it is in much better shape as it enters fiscal 2010. IPG is gaining traction in retail photo kiosks, which is an exciting opportunity. The kiosks generally stay installed for many years and generate significant supplies usage. Managed Print Services is another important area that is getting a lot of focus. The revenues from services contracts are longer-term as well as more stable, and over the last five years we've grown this into a multi-billion dollar business. In commercial printing, the analogto-digital shift is occurring at the rate of roughly 200 billion pages a year, and we are leveraging our technology to accelerate and profit from the transition.

In the HP Enterprise Business (EB), our product businesses also had to adapt to the market environment across the portfolio of software, servers, and storage, while continuing to deliver for our customers. Our industry-standard x86 servers performed particularly well. We gained market share and enjoyed a strong rollout of our new G6 server, which offers improved performance, a very attractive return on investment, and meaningful innovations in heating, cooling, and energy use. The biggest story in EB, however, was in Services. Throughout fiscal 2009, we benefited from the more stable revenues associated with Services, which has now become our most profitable segment. We worked hard on the integration of EDS, retained 199 of the 200 largest EDS accounts, and increased customer satisfaction. Today, we face the marketplace as one company with a more competitive cost structure and a significant number of new customers. Services is well positioned to compete, win, and grow. A disciplined multi-year strategy At HP, we've been executing a disciplined, multiyear strategy, building the company through careful analysis of our operations and portfolio, the competitive landscape, and the long-term forces shaping our industry and the world. This process began with the build-out of our industry-standard hardware offerings into scaled, market-leading positions from the desktop to the data center. We then pioneered the area of automation and management software to optimize and differentiate our hardware in the marketplace. And then, with EDS, we acquired a best-in-class, globally scaled service provider to meet customer needs more effectively as technology is increasingly delivered through a services model.

Since 2004, we have invested more than $17 billion in research and development and $20 billion in acquisitions to build the best, most comprehensive portfolio in the industry. The recent announcement of our intent to acquire 3Com Corporation exemplifies HP's forwardlooking focus. 3Com has outstanding technology that complements our existing offerings, and, when completed, the acquisition will expand HP's presence in the important networking segment. A future of converged infrastructure Increasingly, we expect that traditional technology silos such as servers, storage, networking, and software will begin to converge into infrastructure that is optimized to meet customer needs. The converged infrastructure will be differentiated with value-added software and delivered through services any way the customer wants it--in-house, outsourced, cloud-based, or through a hybrid environment that balances cost, security, and performance across multiple models. No other company is as well positioned as HP to drive this evolution in the marketplace or deliver on its potential. HP's supply chain is the largest in the industry and provides tremendous leverage across our hardware portfolio. For example, the supply base shared between our industry standard servers and PCs has helped HP to change the server marketplace, introducing better performance at a lower cost. Industry standard servers are now the fastest-growing server segment, and HP leads the category. We expect to replicate that success in other data center adjacencies such as storage and networking. In addition, HP can use its software competencies to develop innovative solutions on top of industry-standard hardware, deploy them broadly, and use the power of our supply chain to capture share in higher-margin categories.

The power of information This transition towards a converged infrastructure is exciting for our future. However, the greater opportunity lies in our ability to project the intelligence of this computing capability from the data center out into the world to help meet the demands of a rapidly evolving global community. By 2025, worldwide population is expected to increase by 20 percent. The population in the world's cities will grow by more than 1 billion people--the equivalent of adding a Beijing every other month. The "global middle class" is expected to grow from 440 million to 1.3 billion people over the next few decades, as wireless and Internet connectivity continue to level the playing field. In the background of all of this, we are witnessing an explosion in information. The total amount of information is estimated to double every four years, and digital content doubles every 18 months. Throughout history, every few centuries, we harness a new source of power. First it was fire, later electricity and oil. Today, it is information. At HP, we've helped lead a revolution in the way information is created, captured, stored, processed, and shared. Open, industry-standard computing has helped free data from complex, proprietary mainframes, and it has democratized information technology in a way that is more affordable, powerful, and flexible. Software transforms the vast sea of digital content into usable information that is

delivered as a service and transmitted to interactive, always-connected devices in real time. Getting the right information to the right place at the right time is a powerful way to drive better decision-making, better resource utilization, and extreme efficiencies. HP is working with customers in areas such as education, healthcare, and energy to meet the changing needs of the global community today. And in HP Labs, we're working on the future. Innovations like nano-scale sensors, breakthrough software for analytics and knowledge discovery, and data centers with zero net environmental impact will be the building blocks of tomorrow's sustainable society. We are using our technology to find a better answer for how we meet the needs of a world with growing demands and limited resources. Building a better world We are also helping build a better world through social investment and environmental innovation. HP's Office of Global Social Innovation is working to transform teaching and learning to foster the next generation of entrepreneurs and innovators. We're integrating technology into the learning experience and providing professional development. From technology grants in East Palo Alto to building a university e-infrastructure in sub-Saharan Africa, we're helping level the playing field for participation in the global economy. Around the world, our efforts are supported by tens of thousands of employees who volunteer in their local communities and donate, in conjunction with matching grants, to the causes they care about most.

Another important priority is doing our part to preserve and protect the environment. Our strategic framework includes reducing the carbon footprint of HP-owned operations and of our supply chain, reducing the environmental impact of our products and services, developing solutions and services that will reduce the footprint of the rest of the economy, and advocating for effective public policy. We also announced last year that by the end of 2011, we will reduce the energy consumption and associated greenhouse gas emissions of all HP products by 40 percent compared to 2005 levels. These actions were recently recognized by Newsweek, which ranked HP #1 among the 500 largest corporations in the United States based on environmental impact, green policies, and social responsibility.

In closing Even as HP successfully managed through a challenging fiscal 2009, we have continued to build for the future and prepare our company for growth. Today, our market leadership extends across the industry's broadest portfolio of hardware, software, and services. Our scale and reach provide meaningful and sustainable competitive advantages that we are ready to capitalize on in fiscal 2010. In the years ahead, we are well positioned to lead the evolution of our industry and to create extraordinary opportunities for our customers, our stockholders, our people, and the world around us. Sincerely,

Mark V. Hurd Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President

*F  iscal year 2009 non-GAAP financial information excludes $1.7 billion of adjustments on an after-tax basis, or $0.71 per diluted share, related primarily to the amortization of purchased intangible assets, restructuring charges, acquisition-related charges, and in-process research and development charges. HP's management uses non-GAAP operating profit and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share (EPS) to evaluate and forecast HP's performance before gains, losses, or other charges that are considered by HP's management to be outside of HP's core business segment operating results. HP believes that presenting non-GAAP operating profit and non-GAAP diluted EPS, in addition to GAAP operating profit and GAAP diluted EPS, provides investors with greater transparency to the information used by HP's management in its financial and operational decision-making. HP further believes that providing this additional non-GAAP information helps investors understand HP's operating performance and evaluate the efficacy of the methodology and information used by management to evaluate and measure such performance. This additional non-GAAP information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for GAAP operating profit and GAAP diluted EPS.

