CEO Letter

Dear Fellow Stockholders: If one word can best describe HP's performance in fiscal 2007 , it is growth. For the year, we added more than $12 billion of new revenue, grew non-GAAP operating profit dollars 30 percent¹ and returned more than $12 billion to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends. We grew revenues across all of our business segments and in each of our regions. Overall, it was an impressive performance by HP's employees and partners around the world.
1

CEO Letter

Many factors contributed to that growth, but three stand out because of the major impact we expect them to have in the years ahead: the explosion of digital informa tion and content; the growing need for technology that enables people to create, store, share and print that content; and the rapidly growing demand for information technology (IT) in emerging markets around the world. The volume of data today is growing faster than our ability to capture and use it. According to Forrester Research, the world's data doubles approximately every three years,² which is expected to lead to a more than sixfold increase in data between 2003 and 2010. Feeding the worldwide demand for information and rich digital content is the enormous expansion of search engines, blogs, social networks, e-mail, text messages and online video and images. To complicate matters, this content often lacks authenti cation and proper security, and it is increasingly global and mobile. Potentially hundreds of millions of new users in emerging markets are coming online--from small business owners in China to farmers in Brazil to consumers in Eastern Europe. At the same time, the expectations of consumers have changed. People want instantaneous access to content. They expect this accessibility regardless of what kind of device they are using or where they happen to be. And their tolerance for complexity is low.

Customers will need systems, software and services to create, store and analyze content; PCs and handheld devices to access and share it; and monitors, TVs and printers to view and print it. Many companies can do some of these things, but we believe that HP is the only company with the portfolio and partnerships to do them all. It adds up to an enormous addressable market for HP--a $1.2 trillion global market.³ Today HP has about 9 percent of this market, so we have a lot of room to grow. We are working hard to expand our market coverage and to profitably increase our market share. To capitalize on these opportunities, we continue to align the company around an operating framework with three key elements: targeted growth, efficiency and capital strategy.

Targeted Growth
HP's businesses are targeting the most promising, high-growth markets and positioning themselves to take advantage of the explosion of digital content. In our Technology Solutions Group, we are helping customers manage and transform their IT environments. We had a particularly strong performance in blade servers during fiscal 2007. Our innovative c-Class blade systems helped drive year-over-year blade revenue growth of 67 percent, and we increased our industry-leading market share. In our Personal Systems Group, we continue to benefit as demand shifts toward mobility, consumers and emerging markets. For example, our sales of notebook computers increased 47 percent during fiscal 2007. And our PC business in China nearly doubled, making it our third largest market for personal systems.

Opportunities
Dealing with all this data--and rising consumer expec tations--is a huge and disruptive challenge for our customers and their IT environments and a major opportu nity for HP. It puts pressure on businesses to rebuild, retool and deploy a flexible infrastructure so they can get the right information to the right people at the right time.
2

FY07 Revenue by Segment


· HP Financial Services and Other

2%
HP Services

· HP Software

2% 16%

Imaging & Printing Group

Enterprise Storage & Servers

Personal Systems Group

35%

3

FY07 Revenue by Segment

27%

18%

CEO Letter

In our Imaging and Printing Group, we are extending our leadership in our core printing business while also taking advantage of new, high-growth opportunities in supplies, graphic arts and enterprise printing. We are expanding our sales coverage to accelerate growth in the enterprise business, which we expect to be a $121 billion market by 2010. In each of these businesses, we are using our scale to become even more competitive. We have more than double the scale of each of our printer competitors and all but one of our PC and server competitors. We are leveraging this scale to consolidate share and improve profits while continuing to reinvest to maintain our technology leadership. We expect continued growth in developed countries but much higher growth in what are commonly known as the BRIC countries--Brazil, Russia, India and China--and in other emerging economies. Our revenue in the BRIC countries grew 33 percent in fiscal 2007 and now represents 8 percent of HP's total revenue. As we reduce costs, we are shifting our investments to capitalize on these market opportunities. While it is important that we grow, it's also important that we grow the right way with the right mix. For example, HP hired 1,000 sales professionals in fiscal 2007 to expand our coverage in key accounts and markets, and the company added more than 1,000 salespeople through acquisitions. We also are investing in higher-margin categories such as software and services. We spent more than $6 billion across our businesses in fiscal 2007 to acquire 10 software, technology and service companies. We expect that each one will add significant capabilities and technology to our portfolio, as well as new oppor tunities for growth.

Between acquisitions and organic growth, revenue in our software business nearly doubled in fiscal 2007-- making HP the sixth largest software company in the world. Software is a critical differentiator for HP--not only in our standalone software business but in each of our businesses as well.

Efficiency
We have made great progress in reducing costs, which allows us to compete more aggressively and win in the market. But we have an opportunity to further improve our efficiency. We look at everything between revenue and non-GAAP operating profit as a cost. From that perspective, HP had almost $95 billion in costs in fiscal 2007. That is too much. Even with all the work we have done, we must become more efficient, further reduce costs and invest the savings to create more stockholder value. We assess our costs in three areas. The first is corporate overhead, including IT, real estate and other corporate expenses. We are reducing our IT costs by consolidating and modernizing our data centers and operations. We also are becoming more efficient in our use of real estate, which is a significant expense for a company of HP's size. During the next two years, we plan to reduce our number of sites worldwide by almost 25 percent. Second are our product costs. HP is the largest customer for most of our suppliers, and we are continually working with them to make sure we get the best terms, including the best price. Third are the costs owned by each of HP's businesses. The businesses have detailed plans to reduce their costs, and we have launched new efforts to identify more savings.

4

We continue to align the company around an operating framework with three key elements: targeted growth, efficiency and capital strategy.

5

CEO Letter

Capital Strategy
We align our capital strategy with our operations to maximize stockholder value. The first priority is to continue to invest in our businesses. We do that in two ways. One is to invest to grow, which shows up in research and development, demand generation and mergers and acquisitions. The other is to invest to save. We have made significant investments in our IT and real estate infrastructure so we can reduce costs in the future. Our second priority is to return cash to stockholders, predominantly with share repurchases and to a lesser extent with dividends. Last year HP returned more than $12 billion to stockholders. We will continue to balance repurchase and dividend levels with other capital allocation priorities.

program in 1992, and we have been investing in energy-efficiency programs for more than a decade. Innovations such as our Dynamic Smart Cooling and Thermal Logic technologies offer advanced, energyefficient solutions for customers. We expect these technologies to contribute to a 60 percent reduction in energy consumption in our new data centers. We also are expanding our use of renewable energy, including solar power for our San Diego facility and wind power for several of our facilities in Ireland. We believe we have reached a tipping point where the price and performance of IT are no longer compromised by being green; they are enhanced by it. Our goal is to reduce the combined energy consumption of our operations and products by 20 percent in 2010 compared to 2005 levels. During 2007, we met our goal of recycling 1 billion pounds of electronic products--including 500 million pounds between 2004 and 2007. We plan to recycle another 1 billion pounds of electronic products and print cartridges by the end of 2010. At the same time, we are working to ensure that our suppliers and vendors meet HP's high standards for social and environmental responsibility. HP was the first IT company to formally launch a supplier code of conduct. We continually work with our suppliers and with companies inside and outside the technology industry to raise standards for labor and human rights, health and safety, environmental responsibility and ethics. We do extensive onsite auditing to engage our suppliers, identify performance gaps and help them to build their capabilities to meet our expectations. We believe that HP has an unparalleled ability to drive simplicity, innovate and influence industry actions in a way that is good for customers, good for business and good for the planet.

Global Citizenship
As HP has grown to become one of the world's largest IT companies, our commitment to global citizenship has remained integral to our business strategy. It is an important part of our heritage and the values engrained in HP by Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard. Today, our citizenship efforts are built on a foundation of strong corporate accountability and governance, a commitment to environmental responsibility and active investment and involvement in the communities in which we do business. We are focused primarily on three global citizenship priorities: climate and energy, product reuse and recycling, and supply chain responsibility. HP is committed to reducing our own environmental impact as well as that of our customers, partners and suppliers. We launched our Design for Environment
6

FY07 Revenue by Region


EMEA

41%

(up 15.7% Y/Y)

17%
Americas

Asia Pacific
(up 18.2% Y/Y) FY07 Revenue by Region
7


42%

(Canada/Latin America 9%, U.S. 33%)

(up 10.3% Y/Y)

CEO Letter

We believe that HP has an unparalleled ability to drive simplicity, innovate and influence industry actions in a way that is good for customers, good for business and good for the planet.

8

Revenue


$30

$29

$28

$27

$26

In billions

$25

$24

$23

$22

$21

$20

$19

1Q05 $21.5

2Q05 $21.6

3Q05 $20.8

4Q05 $22.9

1Q06 $22.7

2Q06 $22.6

3Q06 $21.9

4Q06 $24.6

1Q07 $25.1

2Q07 $25.5

3Q07 $25.4

4Q07 $28.3

9

Revenue

CEO Letter

Conclusion
We made solid progress in 2007--demonstrating that HP can cut costs and increase revenue at the same time. However, we are not complacent about our success, nor do we underestimate the strength of our competitors. We see significant opportunities to take advantage of the explosion of digital content and address our $1.2 trillion market opportunity. We believe that we have a portfolio and a set of capabilities unmatched in the industry. We are investing in the right people and infrastructure, and we are continuing to leverage our scale and reduce our costs to improve our operating performance. Our goal is simple: to make HP the partner of choice for our customers, the investment of choice for our stock holders and the employer of choice for our employees. Thank you for your investment in HP. Sincerely,

Executive Team

Mark V. Hurd Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President R. Todd Bradley Executive Vice President, Personal Systems Group Jon E. Flaxman Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Michael J. Holston Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Vyomesh I. Joshi Executive Vice President, Imaging and Printing Group Catherine A. Lesjak Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Ann M. Livermore Executive Vice President, Technology Solutions Group Randall D. Mott Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer Marcela Perez de Alonso Executive Vice President, Human Resources Shane V. Robison Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy and Technology Officer

Mark V. Hurd Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President

¹ Fiscal year 2007 non-GAAP operating profit was $9.6 billion compared to $7.4 billion in fiscal year 2006. Fiscal year 2007 non-GAAP operating profit of $9.6 billion equals GAAP operating profit of $8.7 billion plus the sum of $783 million relating to charges associated with the amortization of purchased intangible assets, $190 million relating to in-process research and development charges and $387 million in restructuring charges less a $517 million net pension curtailment gain. Fiscal year 2006 non-GAAP operating profit of $7.4 billion equals GAAP operating profit of $6.6 billion plus the sum of $604 million relating to charges associated with the amortization of purchased intangible assets, $52 million relating to in-process research and development charges and $158 million in restructuring charges. HP's management uses nonGAAP operating profit to evaluate and forecast HP's performance before gains, losses or other charges that are considered by HP's management to be outside of HP's core business segment operating results. HP believes that presenting non-GAAP operating profit in addition to GAAP operating profit provides investors with greater transparency to the information used by HP's management in its financial and operational decision making. HP further believes that providing this additional non-GAAP information helps investors understand HP's operating performance and evaluate the efficacy of the methodology and information used by management to evaluate and measure such performance. This additional non-GAAP information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for GAAP operating profit. ² Forrester Research, "Data, Data Everywhere!", Boris Evelson, July 23, 2007. ³ HP internal analysis.

10

