Dear Fellow Shareowners,

For all the remarkable advancements we have seen in recent years, nothing has matched the power of information technology to change our world. In the next decade, it will take us to places we can't even imagine today. Through all that change, there is only one company that has taken a leadership role in applying technology at work, at home and at play: HP. We are a company unlike any other. It's a fact underscored by our leadership across consumer, small and medium-size business and enterprise customer categories; by our presence and leadership in key regions around the world; and by our uniquely rich technology portfolio. As proud as we are of our capabilities, we are equally proud of those things that define our character: the dedication of our people, our standards and values, and the reach and depth of our commitment to global citizenship. For the shareowners, customers and employees of HP, fiscal year 2003 was a remarkable year in many respects. It was a year in which we began to apply the power of our portfolio, our size and scale and our global presence to serve customers better and to redefine markets. It was a year in which HP employees around the world continued to hold themselves to the highest standards while executing our business strategies.
2

Our financial performance Not only did we successfully achieve the largest merger integration in the history of our industry, we also fulfilled our promise and returned all of our major business segments to profitability in the fourth quarter, with leadership across key market categories, and record, full-year operating cash flows. HP's strong fourth-quarter performance capped a fiscal year in which we delivered on our commitments:
We set unit-shipment records across key categories including printers, ProLiant servers, Superdome servers, notebooks and handhelds. We grew revenue and market share across key categories and geographies. We attained $3.5 billion in merger integration and cost savings, exceeding our goal by $1 billion--one year ahead of original schedule. We returned each of our major business segments to profitability in the fourth quarter. We delivered 47 percent earnings-per-share improvement on a non-GAAP,1 full-year, combined-company 2 basis. We generated more than $6 billion in cash flow from operations, ending the year with a gross cash and investments3 balance of $14.7 billion.
1 Non-GAAP financial information is reconciled

to GAAP financial information on page 18.
2 As defined on page 17. 3 As defined on page 8.

Revenue overview by business segment 1
in billions, for fiscal year 2003 Personal Systems Group Imaging & Printing Group Enterprise Systems Group HP Services HP Financial Services Corporate Investments $21.2 $22.6 $15.4 $12.3 $1.9 $0.3

Revenue overview by region
in billions, for fiscal year 2003 Americas (excluding U.S.) Europe, Middle East, Africa United States Asia Pacific Japan $4.3 $28.5 $29.2 $8.0 $3.1

1 Fiscal year 2003 revenue by business segment is prior to the elimination

of $740 million of intersegment revenue and other. Further, due to rounding, total revenue by business segment reflected in the table is $73.7 billion, as compared to $73.8 billion reflected on page 19.

3

HP had record unit shipments of 43 million printers in fiscal year 2003--a rate equivalent to shipping more than one printer per second.

During the year, we strengthened our core printer franchise with double-digit revenue growth and continued share gains across key business categories and geographies. All of this translated to

a full-year segment operating profit of $3.6 billion, with quarterly segment operating profit exceeding $1 billion for the first time, in the fourth quarter.

Imaging and Printing Group ( IPG )
in millions

4

HP has firmly established itself as a major player in the managed-services market, with major wins in fiscal year 2003 including a $3B, 10-year contract with Procter & Gamble, a $600M outsourcing contract with Bank of Ireland and a  225M strategic outsourcing agreement with Telecom Italia.

HP Services posted strong results in fiscal year 2003 and continues to provide a stable annuity revenue and profit stream. The business generated $1.4 billion in segment operating profit for the year.

We accelerated momentum in the managedservices business, with revenue growth of 22 percent on a full-year, combined-company basis--four times the market growth rate and faster than our principal competitor.

HP Services ( HPS )
in millions

5

At the end of a transition year, we returned our enterprise business to profitability and set record, full-year unit shipments in our ProLiant and Superdome server lines.

As we committed, we returned the Enterprise Systems Group to profitability in the fourth quarter. Segment operating profit increased $610 million on a full-year,

combined-company basis. During the year, we strengthened our products and solutions portfolio and gained or held share in key categories.

Enterprise Systems Group ( ESG )
in millions

6

In the fourth quarter, HP notebook unit growth was 61 percent year-over-year--almost twice the growth rate of the market--while handhelds grew 117 percent.

We returned the Personal Systems Group to profitability for the year, with segment operating profit up $391 million on a fullyear, combined-company basis. We did this

while gaining share and taking over the No.1 position in notebooks, the fastestgrowing and most profitable category of the PC market.

Personal Systems Group ( PSG )
in millions

7

During the fiscal year, we generated $6.1 billion of cash flow from operations. We closed the year with $14.7 billion in gross cash and investments after funding more than $2.6 billion in restructuring

charges, retirement funding and retention payments, as well as approximately $750 million in stock repurchases. We also had a dividend payout of $977 million-- among the highest yields in the industry.

Gross cash and investments
in millions

Cash flow from operations
in millions

1 Includes cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and certain liquid long-term investments of $366, $368, $220

and $85 in the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively.
2 Net cash is defined as gross cash and investments less total debt, adjusted for certain hedging and swap activity of $152,

8

$177, $58 and $65 in the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively.

We launched more than 660 new products in fiscal year 2003 and closed the year with 21,000 patents in force worldwide, up from 17,000 in fiscal year 2002. This equates to some 11 patents being generated per day, double the rate of fiscal year 2002.

We accomplished all of this while making significant investments in our future competitiveness. For example, we spent $3.7 billion on R&D, focused in areas of innovation where we believe we can make a unique contribution and lead. HP's patent -generation rate increased to 11 patents per day worldwide. We invested more than $1 billion in software across our portfolio, $600 million in building the HP brand, $400 million innovating our internal IT systems and $275 million in training and developing our people, and further invested in our direct-sales, service and support capabilities. This is a story of performance, but it's primarily a story about HP people. Their commitment and focus reinforced my belief that when the talent and dedication of the people of this company are combined with the hopes and dreams of our customers, everything is possible. HP's vision of the market In addition to our accomplishments this past year, HP continues to execute on a vision we set our sights on several years ago. As technology moves from the fringe to the core of people's lives and

businesses, the need for technology to deliver more becomes increasingly important. Customers are no longer willing to choose between lower price and higher functionality, or to trade speed and flexibility for quality and reliability. The days of either/or solutions are gone. Customers--from the CEO of a Fortune10 company to the owner of the local market--want what we at HP call the power of "and": affordability and reliability and security and simplicity and manageability and adaptability and innovation and connection. We have entered an era in which processes and content are being transformed from static and analog to digital, mobile and virtual. Consider a process as simple as photography. It used to be that taking a picture was a physical process--you'd snap a picture and then transport the film to a store to get it developed. Today, that process is becoming increasingly digital and mobile. For instance, using an HP digital camera, you can take a picture, remove the memory card from the camera, insert it into a slot on a memory card­enabled HP printer on your desk, select photos on the printer's readout display and print.

9

HP is the No.1 consumer IT company in the world, the No.1 technology supplier to small and medium-size businesses and a leader in enterprise computing, with market -leadership positions in virtually every technology category and region in which we compete.

In similar ways, music and entertainment content are being converted to digital bits that can be created and consumed in new ways, and this same transformation is under way in industries from health care to financial services to communications to education. The challenges and opportunities in these industries will be addressed by the application of a wide range of technology solutions and services--which HP is uniquely prepared to supply. What this comes down to is the need to make a diverse set of technologies work better together, to speak a common language and to network not just devices but businesses to businesses, employees to customers and suppliers to customers. In our industry, "common language" translates to "standards." Without standards, there is no connection between stand-alone islands of technology. Standards are those technologies that over time have become ® broadly adopted by customers: Windows, Linux, IA-32 processors and, increasingly, IA-64 processors are just a few examples. HP has been a long-time proponent of open standards and architectures, and more and more customers are seeing the value

in this and seeking us as their technology provider because of it. We target our R&D investments on areas in which we can make a unique contribution and lead, and which also run on top of standard platforms. In short, the market is moving to industrystandard computing, to virtual and digital content, and increasingly toward simplicity, manageability and adaptability. This is changing how customers buy and use technology, and in some cases, how companies organize. What does it take to capitalize on these shifts and serve customers in this new era? It takes expertise in imaging and printing. It takes expertise in personal access devices and storage, in servers and systems-management software. It takes global presence and leadership in services. It takes a company with a long heritage of leading through IT shifts. It takes a company with leadership across multiple markets and regions. It takes the dedication and focus of employees around the world. In short, it takes HP. A unique strategy HP's depth and breadth are a result of deliberate choices. As we have noted for several years now, technology markets are consolidating, with the No.1 and

10

The HP corporate strategy Our strategy is to offer products, services and solutions that are high tech and low cost and deliver the best customer experience. No other company has the portfolio, people and expertise to deliver on all three.

High tech

Low cost

Customer
Best customer experience

High tech HP has been a leading innovator for nearly seven decades. We invest almost $4 billion annually on R&D where we believe we can make a unique contribution and lead, and we partner for the rest-- leveraging $10 billionplus of our partners' R&D investments. We are proud of the fact that we have now achieved the fastest rate of innovation in our company's history as measured by our output of new patents and new products.

Low cost HP's size and scale allow us to offer customers not only competitively priced products, but also a lower total cost of ownership over a solution's lifecycle. Our $52 billion supply chain-- the largest in the technology industry--allows us to achieve world-class cost structures and to pass savings on to customers.

Best customer experience Because we have a unique view into a wide range of customers, we're in a great position to deeply understand their needs and then mobilize our resources to develop technologies, solutions and services to deliver a uniquely rewarding experience. We're focused on improving how we interact with customers at every touch point-- from how they learn about HP and purchase our products, services and solutions to how they use and manage them.

No. 2 players being best positioned for sustainable market-share growth and profitability. Recognizing this shift inspired us to get ahead of the trend and actually drive that consolidation with our merger in 2002. Making the necessary changes to remain a market leader is hard -- but not making them is even harder. In response to customer needs and changing market conditions, we have built a portfolio that delivers a combination of reliable innovation at a price our customers can afford, with an experience that sets us apart. We call it "high tech, low cost, best customer experience." This is a strategy that draws on our belief that invention is the soul of innovation, and that only those companies that make R&D a priority today will continue to lead markets tomorrow. It draws on our belief that technology should be affordable, intuitive and available to everyone and should deliver the highest possible value for the money. It draws on our belief that

how we do things is as important as what we do. Whether it's using our products, getting information from the website, calling our support lines for help or engaging with our consultants and engineers on a major IT consolidation project, that experience should be outstanding. No other company in our industry can deliver this value proposition to consumers and small and medium-size businesses and large enterprises and governments, all over the world. No other company can offer everything from handheld PCs to printers to advanced utility data centers. This gives us a unique ability to stay ahead of the market and a distinct competitive advantage: Our competitors cannot match our size and scale or our ability to leverage our experience from one sector to the next.

12

Leadership across the board
C AT E G O RY SHARE POSITION

LaserJet printers Disk storage systems Inkjet printers UNIX® servers1 Windows® servers Storage -area network systems Linux servers1 Handhelds External RAID2 storage systems1 Notebook PCs Desktop PCs

52.0% 1 50.7% 1 41.2% 1 33.8% 1 33.2% 1 31.4% 1 28.1% 1 25.9% 2 20.1% 2 16.9% 1 16.1% 2

The power of the portfolio The fact that we provide such a range of technologies is beginning to attract customers who are increasingly looking for a partner that can provide end-to-end solutions, with technology capabilities influenced by and reaching into both commercial and consumer markets. After all, every small and medium-size business customer is also a consumer; every enterprise customer is responsible for supplying individual employees with technology, as well as building out data centers. By hosting all of this customer insight and technology expertise under one roof, we are able to leverage innovation across our various business segments. Shareowners reap the rewards when new applications of an innovative technology give birth to high-growth and profitable markets. For example, our leadership in digital printing for consumers is helping us aggressively target enterprise-wide digital publishing.

1 Factory revenue 2 Redundant Array of Independent Disks

All percentages are units unless otherwise stated. Source: IDC 3Q 2003

13

HP is a leading technology company in some of the world's fastest-growing IT markets, including Russia, China, India, Brazil, Mexico, Eastern Europe and the Middle East.

Ensuring growth in the future Our broad global presence gives us the opportunity to capitalize on our deep understanding of the technology shifts occurring in the world. How do we ensure we are doing everything we can to consistently deliver customer and shareowner value, and stay competitive not just today, but into the future, in emerging markets worldwide? If we are going to continue to grow and lead in the next decade and beyond, we must acknowledge that many ideas, employees, products and markets will come from the majority of the world that cannot currently afford IT products. If we develop even a small portion of this potential market, the rewards will be great. It follows that HP is taking an active role in developing both capacity and new markets around the world. That is why we are the leading technology company in some of the world's fastest-growing IT markets. We are facing an unprecedented opportunity to tap new markets in a way that's beneficial for our business, while

demonstrating good global citizenship-- to do well by doing good--a hallmark of this corporation for nearly 70 years. On a macro level, we actively engage with other multinational corporations, non-governmental organizations ( NGOs ) and world governing bodies to reignite competitiveness at home and abroad through policy and strategy that support a free-market economy. This is not only essential to maintaining HP's competitiveness, it is critical to fostering human rights in countries that do not have open economies or a democratic society. In many cases, information and communications technology ( ICT ) opens the door to sustainable growth in areas where it would not have been otherwise possible. We continue to participate in--and in some cases lead--efforts in the United Nations ICT task force and the World Economic Forum, to bring business insight and a legacy of corporate social responsibility to their initiatives.

14

Frankly, however, it's at the local level that our engagement model is most satisfying. Governments are recognizing that in an Information Age, an educated populace is the key to growing new markets and competing in a global economy. In partnership with local governments, NGOs and other private companies, HP is taking an active role to encourage development while working to close the gap between technologyempowered and technology-excluded communities, through a model of engagement we call the "i-community." What's perhaps most important and unique about i-communities is our commitment to them as a model of growth and market development: their focus on sustainability and replicability, and their foundation of collaboration, responsible engagement, relevant technology solutions and innovation for unexplored markets.

A company unlike any other HP is not like any other company--nor do we aspire to be. We are unique because of the choices we have made, the portfolio we have built and the character that defines us. We are unique because of how we leverage our size and scale to serve a broad spectrum of customers. We are unique because we play a role in the world that shapes the technology landscape through our ability to give rise to innovation and entirely new markets. We are unique in our value proposition to customers and in our commitment to corporate social responsibility. Most of all, we are unique in our outlook: In an era when information technology is taking us to places we never even imagined, we truly believe that the combination of HP people and technology, and the ambitions of our customers and partners, make more things more possible. This is a company that knows how to make the tough decisions and necessary investments to stay competitive. We have stayed on course and delivered on what

15

we promised two years ago in terms of market-share measures and cost efficiencies. Clearly, that which is unique about HP serves our shareowners and customers well today--and positions us to take advantage of opportunities in the future. We enter 2004 with an unprecedented leadership opportunity before us and a clear intent to capitalize on what sets us apart, to the benefit of our customers, our shareowners and our employees. Thank you for your continued support of HP. Sincerely,

Carleton S. Fiorina Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

