  Fellow Shareholders:
This year, we continued our renewed focus on what we know best—Taxes. And we reaffirmed our purpose, the purpose that Henry and Richard Bloch had 58 years ago when they started this iconic company.
Simple yet profound, our purpose is to look at our clients’ lives through tax and find ways to help. This statement embodies our essence and something that is unique to H&R Block. We achieve our purpose by executing our vision:
to be the leading global consumer tax company, bringing tax and related solutions to clients year-round.
While having a clear purpose and articulating a vision is important, it is our culture that will drive or limit our success in delivering on them. The values that shape us each and every day define who we are as individuals and as a company.
 Our values also reflect our history when, in a one-office operation on a Midwest main street, the Bloch brothers put clients first and treated people the right way. While we have grown to over 12,000 offices in locations across the globe, this simple approach shapes how we do business every single day: with over 80,000 associates and tax professionals serving millions in the United States, Canada, Australia, Brazil and India still putting clients first, still believing in people and still adhering to that same simple, straightforward value:
“We Do the Right Thing.”
Whether it’s our assisted tax preparation from our expert tax professionals, our innovative digital tax preparation options, or our ground-breaking financial products that help make our clients’ lives better, this is who we are and how we operate:
n We believe in our people: We bring out the best in our people and celebrate their successes. We take a positive approach and are continuously learning and aiming to do better and better.
n We take care of our clients: We strive to consistently deliver more than our clients expect and always act in their best interest.
n We deliver for our shareholders: We manage our resources wisely and focus on growing sustainable value and return on investment for our shareholders.
Living by these principles, H&R Block is becoming more agile, more global and even more client-focused. We have also become a more profitable business by rationalizing our cost structure and identifying ways to operate more efficiently. That said, there’s a lot of work to do and we’re constantly looking
William C. Cobb
President & Chief Executive Officer

  for new opportunities to serve our clients as the leading global consumer tax company, bringing tax and related solutions to clients year-round.
2013 Performance
The 2013 tax season was a challenging one for the industry as a whole and I’m proud that as an organization we showed a tremendous ability to adapt and execute on our long-term plans. Facing an array of challenges, our associates and tax professionals remained focused on serving our clients, and finished the season strong.
I’m excited about our progress in digital, financial services and international, and our capability in our core U.S. assisted business remains unmatched across the industry. I am optimistic about our ability to grow the business profitably and to continue to provide significant shareholder returns over the long-term.
This year alone:
n We served more than 25 million clients worldwide and maintained our U.S. market share; n We gained market share in the key digital online category for the third consecutive year; n We increased EBITDA 15% to $874 million, or 30% of revenues;
n We returned $532 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases; n We increased earnings per share from continuing operations by 46% to $1.69; and
n Our share price increased 89% for the year ended April 30, significantly outperforming the Dow Jones and S&P 500 indices, which grew 12% and 14%, respectively.
Despite these accomplishments, there is more to achieve, and we are focused on those opportunities. We are driven to serve our clients better, which ultimately positions us for long-term earnings growth and improved shareholder returns. We will continue to make progress on our long-term strategy, and this year provided important lessons that we’ll take into the offseason as we prepare for next year.
Looking Ahead
Our vision remains focused on being a global, year-round, tax-plus company, and our purpose is clear: to look at our clients’ lives through tax and find ways to help. The industry is changing, with the possibility of stricter regulation and increased complexity from legislative changes fueling the need for assistance in the future. We see continuing opportunity for H&R Block as complex tax laws consistently increase the need for assistance. No one is better positioned to help people with their taxes than H&R Block. We’ve been improving the lives of our clients for 58 years, and that will remain our purpose for years to come.
We’ve been on a remarkable journey over the past several years and I value the support and confidence you have shown during an important time in H&R Block’s history. Thank you for your investment in H&R Block. I look forward to sharing our success with you in the years ahead.
Sincerely yours,
William C. Cobb
President & Chief Executive Officer
    