     William C. Cobb
President & CEO, H&R Block, Inc.
FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
For over 62 years, H&R Block has been
a trusted advisor to millions of people throughout the world. This year was no exception, as we helped prepare over 23 million tax returns worldwide. We were there to assist our clients with what, for many, is their largest financial transaction of the year. We helped them to under- stand the complexities within the tax system. In addition, for the more than 80% of our clients who receive a refund, we helped them to obtain the maximum refund to which they were entitled. And through it all, we remained focused on our Purpose: We look at your life through tax...and find ways to help.
DIVESTITURE OF THE H&R BLOCK BANK AND CREATION OF NEW CAPITAL STRUCTURE During fiscal year 2016, we completed the final step in our multi-year effort to return to our core business of providing the best tax preparation and related services to our clients. We successfully completed the H&R Block Bank divestiture transaction, allowing us to no longer be regulated as a savings and loan holding company. This represented the culmination of a lot of hard work over the past several years and once again gave us more control over our capital structure.
Following the completion of our bank divestiture, we were able to put into place a capital structure that demonstrated a strong commitment to and confidence in H&R Block’s future. The three key elements of the new structure include:
• The Board of Directors approved a new $3.5 billion share repurchase program that runs through June 2019. We subse- quently repurchased 56.4 million shares through the end of fiscal year 2016, representing over 20% of our outstand- ing shares from the beginning of the fiscal year.
• We issued $1 billion of long-term debt and increased borrowing capacity under our line of credit.
• We increased the quarterly dividend 10%. This increase represented a bit of a catch-up for the years during which we were prohibited from increasing our dividend while we were regulated as a savings and loan holding company. In July 2016, we paid our 215th consecu- tive dividend.
H&R Block is an efficient user of capital, and these changes facilitated our ability to continue this practice while increasing our ability to return capital to you, our shareholders. I’m pleased to say that since I became CEO in May 2011, we have returned a total of $3.9 billion of capital to shareholders.
 
 TAX SEASON 2016
Turning to the tax season’s results, clearly this was a disappointing season. The sea- son started slowly, and although we saw some improvement in the second half,
it was not to the level we would have liked. Our assisted tax preparation busi- ness continued to lose returns and, for the first time in several years, our digital do-it-yourself business did as well.
In order to move forward, we need to understand what didn’t work, but we also need to capitalize on what was successful. Although assisted volume was down, the other components of revenue performed well. We implemented planned price increases, saw improvement in our form mix and increased our overall product attach rate. We also successfully launched our new brand, Block Advisors, to serve clients with more complex, year-round tax needs.
By the numbers, in fiscal year 2016 we:
• Served 23.2 million clients worldwide,
• Generated over $3.0 billion in revenue,
• Delivered strong adjusted EBITDA margins of approximately 28%, and
• Returned $2.2 billion of capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
LOOKING TO THE FUTURE
With fiscal year 2016 behind us, it’s now time to look to the future. I’m excited about our plans for fiscal year 2017 and beyond, and am confident we will deliver better results. Going forward, our number one goal is to arrest the client decline, and ultimately, achieve client growth. To do this, we must improve the value we provide to our clients and do a better job of communicating this value...both in the short term and the long term.
In the short term, we will make signifi- cant, aggressive changes aimed at driving increased client volumes. Several of these plans are under way, and I’m excited about what we will bring to the market next season.
In the long term, we must consider the tax preparation needs of the market over- all. We are the only company that can serve clients however they want to be served, and we have the opportunity to expand our offerings to appeal to the varying needs in the market today.
This is a great business with a solid financial model that generates strong free cash flow and provides an excellent return on capital. I want to thank you for your support and I look forward to sharing our success with you going forward.
Sincerely yours,
William C. Cobb
President & CEO, H&R Block, Inc.
 