Dear Fellow Shareholders;
Fiscal 2005 was disappointing. It was also a year when we took significant steps to create a strong foundation for the future. We simplified and streamlined the organizational structure, combining Hillenbrand's and Hill-Rom's management, and created three focused business divisions ­ divisions that each have a very clear intent and mission in our portfolio. We sharpened our focus and increased attention to our core business. This allowed us to better align our research and development efforts. Batesville Casket continued on its proven path and generated strong results in a gradually more difficult environment. In 2005 we took first things first ­ aligning our businesses with customers' needs.

In the near-term Hill-Rom North America's strategy is to:  Increase and better resource sales, service and marketing initiatives that are focused on core product lines;  Align the business more closely with customers ­ better aligning incentives, geographies and field management to improve the effectiveness of the field sales force;  Refocus new product development funding on core product lines; and  Improve cost and quality through supply chain improvements, and standardized design and manufacturing. This strategy has had an impact already on our 2006 goals, and we believe it will continue to generate profitable growth in our core businesses. Hill-Rom Home Care and Surgical Hill-Rom's Home Care and Surgical business has a solid position and a promising future ­ with potential to grow organically and also through selective acquisitions. It enjoys leadership positions both in home care patient treatment and surgical patient positioning accessories, and it includes The VestTM product line which will generate long term growth through product extensions and introductions into other geographic areas. The Home Care and Surgical group has strong performance, and a dedicated and focused management team. It enjoys high growth potential, high margins and innovative products. Macroeconomic trends positively affecting this business include surgical procedures

First Things First

Hill-Rom North America Hill-Rom's business in North America is strategically strong and sound. It enjoys the benefits of being a market leader with a great brand and a breadth of product offerings that are some of the most recognizable and admired in health care. Our focus in 2006 is to more effectively leverage and manage this valuable asset. In order to further strengthen Hill-Rom North America we have made important structural changes, including aligning our sales, rental and service organizational structure, sales territories and compensation to better meet the needs of our customers. These changes provide several key benefits. Most importantly, these changes enable us to be more focused on Hill-Rom North America's core businesses ­ frames, surfaces and services ­ with the benefit of being a much more customer centric organization. During the year we also integrated research and development with sourcing and manufacturing for seamless transition of development projects to manufacturing. The changes made include focusing and concentrating new product development projects to fewer areas with the benefit of improved product introduction flow and better product life cycle management. Hill-Rom North America operates in a favorable macroeconomic environment. Capital spending for hospital construction is growing and the environment for reimbursement has generally been favorable for our products. Positive long-term trends include the aging and shortage of the nursing population in the U.S., as well as favorable demographic trends. For example, aging of the general population and increasing obesity both drive demand for our products and services. The strategy for growth in this business is to:  Expand the use of air-fluidized wound therapy surfaces into the home environment to provide treatment for pressure ulcers;  Grow the segment potential for The VestTM by introducing it into new disease states, the acute care environment and internationally;  Increase new product development to drive selective organic growth; and  Selectively acquire high margin, high growth, and adjacent product lines. that are growing rapidly and home care demand that is growing at low double digit rates as the baby boom generation continues to age and cost pressures on health care facilities incent an increase in more rapid transfers of patients out of hospitals to the home care environment.

Ray J. Hillenbrand, Chairman of the Board Rolf A. Classon, Interim President and Chief Executive Officer

2 | Hillenbrand

Hillenbrand | 3

A Tribute To Ray Hillenbrand
Ray Hillenbrand decided this year to step down as Chairman of the Board in 2006 but we are pleased he has decided to remain an active member of our Board. We have been very fortunate during the past five years to have Ray as our Chairman. During his tenure he led the Board in the implementation of improved governance policies and procedures, well before the passage of the SarbanesOxley Act. Ray was the primary driver behind the creation of Hillenbrand's current Board composition and has worked to enable the transition to the company's first non family Chairman, Rolf Classon. He has also been a trusted advisor and is a member of the Search Committee to find Hillenbrand's next permanent CEO. He has guided the Board through some significant challenges in a very effective manner. His courage and convictions have been an inspiration to all of us. We thank Ray for his dedication and leadership. We believe the shareholders have been very well served under Ray's five years of Board leadership. The Hillenbrand Board of Directors

Hill-Rom International There is significant opportunity for business expansion internationally and Hill-Rom's business potential overseas is no exception. Hill-Rom's international business had a significant turnaround in performance in 2005. The last two quarters were the strongest in recent years. Based on this operational turnaround we are optimistic that we can now continue to focus on growing this part of our portfolio. In Europe, we are a leader in a fragmented market. We are well-positioned as a high-end provider of frames and surfaces and are one of few companies with a pan-European presence. This is something that we expect to leverage in the near term. Our strategy for growth internationally is to:  Fill gaps in our international product offering, including long term care, and evaluate product and branding strategies specific to various countries, regions and segments;  Strengthen our position at the high end of the business, while expanding our offerings in the mid-range;  Prepare for an anticipated industry consolidation; and  Introduce select U.S. products overseas. Batesville Casket Batesville Casket continues to deliver strong results. Our operations and strategy are sound. Despite operating in an environment with reduced demand near-term and excess industry capacity, Batesville Casket is well positioned for continued strong operating performance. We have had stable margins over time. However, in the past two years, we have been affected by unprecedented increases in metal, wood and fuel pricing ­ with steel prices up over 70 percent. While this cost pressure has provided a challenging environment, the Batesville team has done an excellent job of harnessing scale and skills at continuous improvement to lessen the impact rising costs have had on margins. Batesville Casket has three critical strengths that are its foundation for success ­ brand, innovation and an exceptional distribution system.

Building from these strengths, Batesville Casket's strategic objectives for the coming year are to:  Provide innovative and high quality products;  Retain and serve national accounts and differentially serve independent customers;  Continue to practice the principles of lean manufacturing;  Continue to extend our customer care focus; and  Selectively participate in industry consolidation. In fiscal 2005, Batesville increased its sales to independent funeral homes. We believe these gains are related to the various sales and service tools the company implemented over the past several years, including introducing two mobile tour centers, improving customer service initiatives, and refining a recently launched merchandising strategy. Along with extending these sales and service programs in 2006, Batesville will continue to focus on converting customers from solid wood to veneer units in support of Batesville's wood manufacturing strategy. This is made possible by recent significant productivity improvements at Batesville's Chihuahua, Mexico veneer casket manufacturing plant and increased output of high quality solid wood caskets at the Batesville, Mississippi plant. Batesville is preparing to capitalize on opportunities to form business relationships with independent distributors of caskets, or "jobbers." These relationships could involve acquisitions, as evidenced by the recently announced Yorktowne transaction, or simply the provision of funeral products for resale by these jobbers. Despite the challenges of soft market demand and increased costs, we expect Batesville Casket to continue to provide increasing income before taxes and cash flow to the organization. Other Items Early in November, 2005, we reached an agreement in principle to settle the Spartanburg antitrust class action litigation. We believe the claims were without merit and continue to deny any and all allegations of possible wrongdoing. We took this step because it's in the best

interest of the company, our shareholders, our customers and our employees. We wanted to reduce significant uncertainties involved in litigating this complex case and focus on executing our business objectives. This settlement will not require us to change current legally compliant business practices and will enable Hill-Rom to focus first and foremost on fulfilling its mission of making a positive difference in the lives of patients and those who care for them through our focus on patient outcomes, safety and effectiveness. We are fully committed to delivering the benefits of competitive markets to our customers. We still face other antitrust litigation that has been filed against most of the leading providers of funeral services in the United States, and we have been included in the litigation as one of their primary suppliers. We believe we have done nothing illegal or unethical, and we are aggresively defending against this litigation. As a company, we are going into 2006 as a simplified and more focused organization structured around serving our customers better than anyone else. The assets that made us strong in the past have been transformed to meet customer needs in 2006 and beyond. Our people across the country and around the world are what set us apart -- now more than ever.

Ray J. Hillenbrand, Chairman of the Board

Rolf A. Classon, Interim CEO and President Hillenbrand Industries

4 | Hillenbrand

Hillenbrand | 5

