 the ceo
FelloW SHaReHoldeRS
At Hill-Rom, we draw great inspiration from the stories of our patients and caregivers. These stories remind us that our work matters in the lives of people around the world. Knowing the difference we can make motivates us to constantly improve on what we do and to grow and develop our business so that we can make an even greater impact every day. In this Annual Report, you’ll see how this inspiration translates to our company’s progress during 2012, and you’ll have an opportunity to experience that inspiration for yourself through one of our patient stories.
delivering on our strategic financial priorities
During 2012, we faced a challenging global economic environment and difficult conditions within the health care markets, especially within the capital sector. Our total revenue increased three percent compared with last year, but our full-year adjusted diluted earnings per share went from $2.27 in 2011
to $2.24 in 2012. Despite the challenges, Hill-Rom delivered on our most important strategic priorities by investing in growth opportunities and returning cash to our shareholders. We made two acquisitions that strengthened our presence in key global markets, expanded our patient support systems offering, and diversified our portfolio with new surgical products. Our continued focus on cash flow drove improved performance in 2012 when we achieved two percent growth in adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA). We returned
approximately 30 percent of our operating cash flow to shareholders by increasing our annual dividend
by 13 percent and repurchasing 1.5 million shares
of our common stock. That we were in a position to deliver on these priorities is due in no small part to our continued strong management of our cost structure, and our ongoing work to optimize the portfolio by improving or eliminating underperforming segments of our business.
As we anticipated, our 2012 financial performance had some ups and downs. However, I am pleased that we continued to accomplish the true drivers of growth, development and value creation for our shareholders on both a short- and long-term basis. I am confident that our efforts will continue to pay off in this regard as we move forward into 2013 and beyond.
A LETTER FROM

 “aS We dRiVe toWaRd ouR gRoWtH aSPiRationS, We
aRe deVeloPing
a mix oF unique PRoductS tHat aRe Well Balanced acRoSS acuitieS, caRe SettingS, geogRaPHieS and cuStomeRS. We
Will See continued PRogReSS in tHe deVeloPment oF ouR PoRtFolio in 2013.”
JoHn gReiScH PReSident and ceo
 
$1.59B $1.63B
 2011
 2012
$1.63
Billion FiScal yeaR RePoRted ReVenue
3% reported revenue growth from 2011 to 2012
$318m $324m
$324
million adJuSted eBitda
2% growth from 2011 to 2012
$2.27m $2.24m
$2.24
adJuSted diluted eaRningS PeR SHaRe
1% decrease from 2011 to 2012
$0.4875
diVidendS PeR common SHaRe
13% growth from 2011 to 2012
  2011
 2012
  2011
 2012
 $0.4875 $0.43
  2011
2012
  acquisitions opened new pathways
Acquisitions were an important focus for Hill-Rom in 2012. In February, we completed our acquisition of Völker, a German company known for its innovative design and quality bed systems. This milestone occurred in the year of Völker’s 100th anniversary,
and we have found that Hill-Rom and Völker share a great deal of history and culture, including our strong values, our commitment to enhancing outcomes, and dedication to creating an environment of safe and dignified care for patients and caregivers. We have learned much from each other in only a short time and have made significant progress in integrating our companies and our product portfolios. Hill-Rom had two key strategic objectives in purchasing Völker. First was to strengthen our channel in Germany, Europe’s largest market, and in other key global markets.
We’ve accomplished this objective by adding Völker’s outstanding products and expanding our commercial structure to further address customer needs in both acute and extended care segments in this region. Our second objective was to expand our product portfolio not only within Germany and Western Europe, but also to advance our core patient support systems portfolio globally. We were successful on this front as well. In a matter of months, we launched the excellent Völker products into the North America post-acute care markets. Within six months, we achieved our key integration milestones and created strong momentum carrying us forward in 2013.
Aspen Surgical was our other significant acquisition
in 2012. We closed that transaction in July. One key objective of this acquisition was to balance out the long and uneven purchasing cycles of our core, capital- based patient support system franchise. By adding surgical consumables to our portfolio, we now have a reliable and recurring revenue source, as well as a new product offering for our customers. Aspen Surgical has some of the most well-known brands in this space,

 including the Bard-Parker® line of safety scalpels and blades. Patient and caregiver safety in the operating room is the focus of the AspenTM product portfolio, which also includes Colby fluid collection products, Richard-AllanTM specialty needles, a variety of other operating room disposables and instrument care products, as well as wound care dressings. Adding Aspen Surgical is the latest step in our strategic plan to diversify Hill-Rom and make us even more relevant and valuable to our customers.
As we drive toward our growth aspirations, we are developing a mix of unique products that are well balanced across acuities, care settings, geographies and customers. We will see continued progress in the development of our portfolio in 2013.
making our mark in emerging markets
Our acquisition of Völker fueled an important part of our global expansion strategy during 2012, strengthening our channel presence and portfolio in Europe’s largest markets and beyond. We also expanded our infrastructure and product offering, as well as our customer relationships, in important emerging markets around the world, including Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Brazil and China.
The Hill-Rom EEMEA region (Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa), which covers a diverse geo-political and socio- economic landscape that includes nearly 100 countries, had a strong year in 2012. Investments in our presence in these regions have paid off as more and more customers are embracing the benefits of our offering.
In Russia, where health care investments have been limited in the recent past, the government has embarked upon a plan to improve quality, including needed infrastructure and equipment upgrades within the country’s far reaching network of hospitals. To support this effort in 2012, Hill-Rom’s experts met with health officials in Moscow to demonstrate the clinical and economic value of Hill-Rom products. They showed that partnership with Hill-Rom extends the value beyond our products to the service, training and education and clinical protocol support that we can offer our customers. The result was an opportunity for Hill-Rom to provide a number of our leading products – including frames, surfaces and furniture – to upgrade
the more than 75 facilities in the Moscow regional hospital system.
The demand for higher quality care is similar in the Middle East and is happening even faster as governments attempt to keep pace with rising and aging populations. By 2020, approximately $55 billion in health care investments will
be made in the region known as the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), a political and economic union of Arab states bordering the Persian Gulf. By 2050, some 130,000 new hospital beds are expected to be added by the GCC in
an effort to improve the current 2:1 patient-to-bed ratio. Hill-Rom is increasingly viewed as a strong partner in
this region as hospitals seek to upgrade the quality and sophistication of equipment, patient care technologies and clinical capabilities.
As the sixth fastest growing economy in the world and with 40 percent of the population of South America, Brazil plays
“We exPanded ouR inFRaStRuctuRe and PRoduct oFFeRing, aS Well aS ouR cuStomeR RelationSHiPS, in imPoRtant emeRging maRketS aRound tHe WoRld, including eaSteRn euRoPe, tHe middle eaSt, BRazil and cHina.”

 “duRing 2012, innoVation Played an imPoRtant Role in ouR tHinking aBout ViRtually all tHe WoRking PaRtS oF ouR comPany and WHat We do, FRom PRoduct deVeloPment to commeRcial excellence, acquiSitionS, talent management, Financial diSciPline, oPeRational imPRoVementS and moRe.”
an important role in Hill-Rom’s geographic expansion. The Hill-Rom Brazil team drove exceptional performance during the year. Their work in building the company’s presence in this key economic region has not gone unnoticed. Hill-Rom earned two “Top Hospitalar” awards as the preferred hospital supplier in Brazil. Top Hospitalar recipients are chosen based on an independent survey of more than 300 customers and key opinion leaders in Brazil. Hill-Rom was chosen supplier of choice over several key competitors in two segments, Critical Care and Infrastructure. The Hospitalar awards are great validation from our customers of the value Hill-Rom brings to the clinical environment in the region.
In Asia, we continued our solid progress in building our presence in key regions such as China. The Hill-Rom teams are actively working to provide solutions that will help expand and upgrade health care systems in this region with a range of products for all needs, from the most technologically sophisticated offerings to those that have fewer clinical features and are lower cost.
Our global expansion is moving forward with great progress due to the strong value that customers see in what Hill-Rom has to offer – from our clinically relevant and innovative products, to our best-in-class service and support. More and more customers in an expanding number of markets around the world are appreciating the reasons why Hill-Rom is and will continue to be the global industry leader.
innovation across Hill-Rom
Innovation is traditionally viewed as the exclusive domain of research and development teams. Not so within Hill-Rom. During 2012, innovation played an important role in our thinking about virtually all the working parts of our
company and what we do, from product development to commercial excellence, acquisitions, talent management, financial discipline, operational improvements and more. We are working to continually grow, improve our company and enhance the value that we bring to our customers every day. That requires the most creative, strategic thinking we can bring to the table to deliver product innovations, re-shape our business and address the very rapid changes throughout health care.
Our research and development teams had a busy year
as we increased our investment by nearly five percent in our R&D programs to $67 million. We developed our Early Innovation team and enhanced our capabilities in this critical stage of the R&D process. The Early Innovation team is on the front end of product development. They pull ideas together with opportunities to create the next generation of valuable solutions for our customers. We’re excited about their progress and where they are going. Our new product development teams have also been active. We launched
18 product innovations in 2012, including new product introductions in health information technology and patient support systems.
Our portfolio and our company overall benefitted from fresh, innovative thinking during 2012. Creative strategic thinking not only led to two strong acquisitions, but also led to the turnaround or elimination of previously underperforming businesses. This was the case with the successful turnaround of our Healthcare IT Solutions business and our commercial operations in Australia. This was also true of our decision to exit certain aspects of our Home Care rental business. All along the way, teams throughout Hill-Rom worked actively on reducing our cost structure, improving overall quality, better developing our talent, and achieving excellence in

 marketing, sales and service. We’re continually keeping our minds open to new ways of thinking and our
ears open to the needs voiced by our customers. By doing this, we continue to shape Hill-Rom to be best positioned to address the changing needs of the health care marketplace, achieve strong global growth, provide the best possible workplace for employees and deliver the best possible shareholder value.
our mission inspires our performance
In communities all around the world, Hill-Rom
people are inspired by the stories of our patients
and their caregivers. We are fortunate to be in one of the few professions where you can make a positive, life-changing difference for people. In the face of challenge, our mission and the inspiration that comes from our patients and caregivers defines our work, energizes us and makes us unstoppable. We care deeply about the people we serve, and we know that when we get it right, when we do our jobs better than we imagined we could, we help other people and make their lives better. We’re proud of all that we’ve accomplished toward this end during 2012. More so, we’re excited about our future and all that’s left to accomplish in 2013 and beyond.
JoHn J. gReiScH,
PReSident and ceo, Hill-Rom
 30%
oF oPeRating caSH FloW RetuRned to SHaReHoldeRS
“Hill-Rom successfully delivered on our most important strategic priorities by investing in growth opportunities and returning cash to our shareholders.”
 