Dear Fellow Shareholders

>

Fiscal 2007 has been a year of intense focus as we executed on the strategies we introduced in October 2006. It was also a year where we laid the groundwork for momentous change, as we announced and prepared the plans for the separation of Hillenbrand Industries into two independent, publicly traded companies.

After a detailed review by the board of directors and senior leadership team, we concluded that there is a strong business case to support the separation. Separation should allow each company to have the focus and flexibility to grow more quickly, and to adopt an appropriate capital structure that supports its business plans while maximizing shareholder returns. As separate companies, each should be able to attract talent more easily, and associates should have a clearer line of sight to how they impact the performance of their company. As two focused, mission-driven organizations, we would expect each to continue to lead and innovate within their industries, benefiting all their stakeholders. Continuity should be assured, as the current management team of each company would remain in place and be supplemented as needed. Under the proposed plan, the newly named Hill-Rom Holdings would continue to be led by Peter Soderberg, and Batesville Casket, with a Hillenbrand-named parent, would continue to be led by Kenneth Camp. As of this writing, we continue to work to complete the separation,

which remains subject to the effectiveness of a registration statement for Batesville Casket's parent with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and other conditions specified in the enclosed Annual Report on Form 10-K. Reflecting on the year's achievements and challenges, we continued to execute on Hill-Rom's plan for accelerated growth, and Batesville Casket's plan to lay an even more solid foundation to withstand a period of low deaths and increasing death care industry consolidation. Highlights for both our operating companies follow.

Hill-Rom...A Year of Preparing for Significant Growth
For Hill-Rom, our goal is to build a high-performing medical technology company that gives health care providers and their patients the tools they need to achieve better outcomes. Our six-point strategy is a "fix and grow" plan to achieve this vision. One year into the

plan, we are as enthusiastic as ever about the strategy and generally pleased with how we have executed it. The plan starts with people--putting the right people in the right jobs with the right tools. Of the top 80 positions in the company, we have now changed over half of the people in those roles. Many are coming from outside, bringing with them deep experience in medical technology and other skills we need to become a higher-growth company. Others are the result of promotions from within the company. We heightened our focus on growing our internal talent and deploying them in the right roles. We have clarified responsibilities in many areas and given line managers more autonomy, making sure that associates are aligned and compensated based on activities that create shareholder value. Next, we have focused on innovation. We increased our research and development (R&D) spend by 30 percent in 2007, including investments in software development. We created a Global Innovation Center in Batesville to house our growing R&D and new product ideation staff, and recently announced creation of an Asia Pacific Innovation Center, with support from the government of Singapore. Although the 2007 results do not fully reflect the fruits of our efforts yet, new product introductions are already accelerating. In fact, we launched 17 new or improved products this year, primarily in the latter part of the year, representing the most new launches in a single year in company history. Our work today will drive growth in the years to come. The Hill-Rom therapy rental business appears to be turning the corner, boosted by the launch of several new therapy surfaces and a new ICU patient support system for large

patients, the TotalCare® Bariatric Plus system. Profitability also improved due to adjustments in the business cost structure and a refinement of our customer mix.

Growth in International Markets
Especially impressive this year was our international business, which grew by a robust 25 percent, including the effects of foreign exchange. This increase demonstrates, in part, the successful introduction of our AvantGuardTM 800 medical-surgical bed, which fueled particularly strong growth in Europe. Late in the year, we also won a sole-source, three-year contract to supply our products to medicalized long-term care facilities in France. Our Medicraft acquisition in Australia was closed in October 2006, and continues to meet expectations. Another highlight of the year internationally was the signing of a new distribution agreement with Paramount Bed Co., Ltd. of Japan. This collaboration gives Hill-Rom a strong new channel for our products in Japan through an alliance with the world's second largest hospital and home care bed producer.

Improving Profitability
After assessing our supply chain footprint in early 2007, we made the strategic decision to open a fourth major manufacturing plant, and base it in a low-cost region. We acquired a 300,000 square-foot plant in Monterrey, Mexico, ideally suited to our strategy of further penetrating home care, extended care, and emerging markets with advanced products at affordable price points. In July, we made our first shipments from this facility and we will continue to ramp up production throughout 2008. Now, with our international three-plant footprint (Monterrey,

1

and, in France, Pluvigner and Montpellier), combined with our largest plant based in Batesville, we believe our manufacturing needs are aligned and our manufacturing capabilities are competitive for the next several years.

force to better service our large installed base and prepare the way for the new products and services we have recently launched and will continue to launch throughout the year. We anticipate this investment program to result in slower earnings growth in the first

Expanding in New Directions
We took many steps this year to increase our presence in home care and extended care in the U.S. We put a new leadership team in place, and refined and improved sales and customer systems. We expect the fruits of these investments, our product development efforts in post-acute care and our partnering programs, will become more apparent in 2008. Finally, we've made progress in helping Hill-Rom reach outward as we forge new alliances and partnerships. In addition to the Paramount relationship, we announced alliances with Tempur-Pedic, one of the best-known brands in sleep surfaces, and with SAS, the leading provider of business intelligence software. We are increasingly aware that our customers are looking to us not just for products, but for product integrations with other technology suppliers. Looking ahead to 2008, we expect to see sales growth accelerate and margins expand as the initiatives launched in 2007 begin to take hold. We reaffirm the goals we set in October 2006--that over time Hill-Rom will produce 6 to 8 percent in organic annual sales growth, and 10 to 13 percent growth in earnings. However, next year also will be a year of continued investment in strategic initiatives so we can achieve those goals. We plan to increase our research and development spend by 26 percent in 2008. We also will expand our North America acute care sales

half of the year leading to growth acceleration in the latter half of the year.

Batesville Casket... Helping Our Customers Succeed in Challenging Times
This past year was challenging for the casket industry and for Batesville, with lower revenues resulting from erosion in funerals, caused by a flat death rate and the continued gradual increase in the number of cremations. However, it was also a year where we saw success from our new products and programs put in place to respond to these market forces. In a period when our funeral home customers are challenged with fewer burials, we have expanded our offering of merchandising services and support to help them optimize the return on each existing funeral. We expanded the ASYSTTM computer-based visual merchandising program to help funeral directors easily and effectively present the value of the funeral products and services they provide. This gives consumers more information about casket styles and features so they can select the right product to meet their individual requirements. The ASYSTTM system has shown that an informed consumer usually buys a better product and reports a higher level of satisfaction with the purchase and the process. In those funeral homes that adopted the Batesville merchandising system, we

2

saw encouraging results in the mix of products sold. This increase has a positive effect on both our customers' gross margins and on our own. In 2007, we expanded the sales of our GeminiTM line of non-gasketed steel caskets. This model line provides Batesville quality and greater variety to those consumers who seek higher eye-appeal products at lower cost. The GeminiTM line continued its growth trend this year, and we extended our presence at the lower price points with the HaileyTM series, which provides gasketed steel caskets at just above the GeminiTM price points. We also introduced new bronze models in our premium casket line and new models into our growing veneer product line, which is manufactured in Chihuahua, Mexico. With our unique personalization capabilities and our ASYSTTM merchandising program, the Batesville product line is well-positioned to offer all families the opportunity to honor the lives of those they loved in a way that meets their individual needs. Last year, we completed the acquisition of two small regional distributors with solid, proven customer relationships. Both of these companies are completely integrated into the Batesville family and are yielding financial results several times our cost of capital. Also in 2007, we elected not to move forward on a third distributor acquisition--Yorktowne Caskets--which we had previously announced. After a series of legal actions filed against Yorktowne by its previous supplier, we concluded that moving forward would not be in the best interest of our shareholders. As the number of cremations continues to increase, we are increasing our investment in the cremation business

by continuing to create new products and services for the cremation consumer, including new caskets, urns, and cremation specialized jewelry. In 2007, we continued our e-business presence, doubling the number of funeral homes which use our website services. Batesville is now the largest creator and host of funeral home websites in the industry, and we look forward to growing this area. This was also the first full year of sales for our NorthStarTM business which provides "private label" caskets directly to independent manufacturers and distributors. These products, which enable us to further leverage our manufacturing capabilities, contain none of the proprietary personalization or other features of our Batesville-branded caskets. We have been pleased with the NorthStar results this year.

Manufacturing Excellence Awards
Also of note, our local manufacturing teams were selected for a series of awards. The Association of Manufacturing Excellence (AME) selected the Batesville, Indiana, plant as the winner of the 2007 Manufacturing Excellence Award for the Great Lakes Region. AME also selected Batesville's Manchester, Tennessee, plant as the winner of the 2007 Manufacturing Excellence Award for the Southeast Region. IndustryWeek magazine chose our Vicksburg, Mississippi, plant as one of its Top 10 manufacturing plants in North America for 2007. We are pleased to have received these awards and are extremely proud of the manufacturing teams who achieved this level of manufacturing excellence. In the pursuit of these competitive awards, our teams reach improved levels of safety, quality, delivery and cost,

3

which benefit our customers, their client families and our shareholders.

positive proof of how much more we can be. We would like to thank our Board for their guidance as we embark upon this new path. Equally, we thank our talented and

Progress Through Change
We believe we have made enormous progress in the last 18 months in positioning our two businesses for sustained growth and leadership in their respective industries. We are also extremely encouraged by the enthusiasm we hear among our associates, customers, and our shareholders (current and potential) about our plans to separate the two companies. As the pace of change quickens, so too, we believe, will the returns on our efforts of 2007. We have carried last year's theme, "we are more," into this year's annual report. Last year we shared with you the many ways in which we are more than a hospital bed company and a casket company. Now we are seeing

devoted associates for trusting us to take this organization in new directions and for keeping their eyes on the prize and their spirits in the game as we move forward to becoming so much more.

ROLF A. CLASSON Chairman of the Board

PETER H. SODERBERG President and Chief Executive Officer Hillenbrand Industries

Net Revenues
(millions of dollars) $2,500

Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations
(millions of dollars) $250

2007 Revenues by Business Segment

2,000

200

1,500

150

21%
Hill-Rom Capital Sales

Hill-Rom Rentals

46% 33%
Batesville Casket

1,000

100

500

50 '05 '06 -50 '07

0 '05 '06 '07

0

-100

4

