Hill-Rom

20 0 9 A n n u a l R e p o r t

Dear Fellow Shareholders,
OUR ANNUAL REPORT'S TITLE...ENHANCING OUTCOMES...is

the essence of what Hill-Rom brings to patients and their caregivers all around the world and across the continuum of care. Whether in the form of a revolutionary new treatment surface to help prevent pressure ulcers in the skin of bed-confined or seriously ill patients, or in a device to help in lifting a non-mobile patient in a long-term care setting, or even in creating a new, digital communication system to help hospital caregivers respond more efficiently and effectively--all our talent and energy is focused on filling unmet needs in patient care.

Peter H. Soderberg, President & CEO

In this spirit, I am pleased to share with you some of the outcomes of our company's efforts over the past year, and the outlook for our contributions in the year to come. But first, let me set the stage with a few words about 2009.
NAVIGATING 2009--SOLID EXECUTION OF A SOUND STRATEGY

The year 2009 saw unprecedented economic challenges facing world economies, particularly in the United States, where approximately 70 percent of our revenues are realized. The impact of the recession was felt in health care somewhat later than in the rest of the economy, but once realized, the results were felt deeply. Limited access to and high cost of capital, investment portfolio losses, and uncertainties in patient volumes and reimbursement all led to a dramatic slow-down in normal capital replacement cycles for providers. We predicted as early as last January that we would see a 15 to 30 percent reduction in North America capital sales, and our actual 2009 results fell right in the middle of this range at 22 percent. Yet Hill-Rom performed relatively well during this turbulent year, as we offset much of the $150 million decline in our North America capital revenues,

limiting our operating earnings to a modest decline, excluding the effect of our nearly $473 million impairment charge. From a cash flow perspective, we ended the year generating $226 million of operating cash flows, an improvement over the prior year exclusive of cash flows from our former funeral services business. Our financial position/balance sheet remains solid even during these tough times and for future opportunities.
Revenue Growth (in milions)
$1,600 1,500
20 0 C R AG 8.2

%

$1,508 $1,387

08 6­

1,400 1,300 1,200 1,100

$1,357 $1,288

2006

2007

2008

2009

page 1

Hill-Rom

20 0 9 A n n u a l R e p o r t

Our gross margin improved by 90 basis points in spite of an 8 percent reduction in sales volume. This was paced by a 370 basis point improvement in our rental gross margin. Operating expenses were reduced by nearly 11 percent versus 2008, excluding incremental expenses of $33 million associated with newly acquired Liko operations. Yet we funded continued expansion of our sales channels, and we maintained our commitment to research and development at nearly comparable levels to 2008. We had three key advantages going into the recession of 2009: We were prepared; we had a sound and specific strategic plan which we have adhered to for the past three years; and we had a top-notch, dedicated and effective leadership team in place. While our post-separation strategy called for us to take steps to streamline our workforce and internal processes, we saw need to accelerate our plans given the external environment. In August of 2008, to proactively reallocate resources toward growth-oriented opportunities and address high material inflation and weakening market fundamentals, we streamlined and delayered the organization. In January of 2009, we reacted quickly to weakening order trends with a difficult but substantial and appropriate second round of reductions in workforce. Throughout this turbulent time, we maintained focus on executing our strategic imperatives: We continued to invest in R&D near prior year levels to build new and better differentiated products; we invested in our manufacturing facilities and equipment, and worked with our supplier base to yield much improved supply chain costs; and we invested in our sales channels to enable us to become closer to our customers.

Looking back on 2009, I can only tell you how proud I am of our Leadership Team and the 6,500 associates whose sacrifice and hard work have brought Hill-Rom to a point where we are poised to deliver much enhanced financial outcomes when the global economy begins to strengthen. Our progress in 2009 is their story, and I'd like to share with you some of the highlights, using our theme, Enhancing Outcomes, as a guide.
BUILDING A PORTFOLIO OF PRODUCT FAMILIES TO BETTER FACILITATE PATIENT CARE

Many of our actions over the past year have been aimed at improving our ability to address unmet or insufficiently met patient and/or provider needs, particularly through expansion and rationalization of our portfolio. Our acquisition of Liko in October 2008 brought to us a high-growth company offering sophisticated technology and one of the most highly regarded lines of lifting devices available. Over the past year, we have focused on integrating Liko's operations into our own, and are finding very positive response from our customers as we add patient lifting and mobilization to our list of core competencies that serve to increase patient and provider safety.
Gross Margin (in percent)
50%

44.2%
40 30 20 10 0

44.4%

44.4%

45.3%

2006

2007

2008

2009

page 2

Hill-Rom

20 0 9 A n n u a l R e p o r t

We are at the forefront of health information technology with respect to integrated communications within the acute care setting. We began 2009 in the roll-out phase of our new, all digital NaviCare® Nurse Call system, and we have been gratified with the improved competitive position this product has brought us. In the third quarter, we formalized a closer relationship with TeleTracking Technologies, Inc., the leader in patient flow solutions. As part of that relationship, we sold the assets of our NaviCare® Patient Flow product line to TeleTracking. We retained the NaviCare® brand name and our core competencies in patient-to-nurse, nurse-to-nurse and equipment-to-nurse communications, while securing access to TeleTracking's technology which will allow us to embed the best of their flow software into subsequent releases of NaviCare® Nurse Call. Together, we and TeleTracking are able to focus on our own core competencies and pursue joint initiatives and opportunities that leverage our combined strengths. In November 2009, we announced a joint venture with Encompass Group, a recognized leader in therapeutic and prevention surfaces, and health care textiles. The formation of this joint venture, in which we have 60 percent ownership, creates an entity that can be laser-focused on the sale and distribution of a comprehensive range of surface replacement systems into a $100+ million category. This collaboration allows us to address customer needs for specialized replacement surfaces that can be purchased separate from a bed frame and that can be used as replacements for surfaces that are technologically obsolete or at the end of their useful life. With the two businesses put together and through an expanded and focused sales force, we expect to quickly establish a clear leadership position in this category.

ENHANCING OUTCOMES IN NORTH AMERICA HOSPITALS

We continue to focus strategically on our core North America Acute Care capital and rental business. Double-digit capital sales declines were the norm for us in 2009, as economic conditions caused customers to restrict or defer capital purchasing to preserve their cash positions. While sales declines are always painful, we met or exceeded our own sales expectations revised early in the year, and appear to have sustained or improved our competitive position. Our therapy rental business grew in 2009 despite the economic challenges and was driven by the economic and clinical value offered by our advanced therapy products as well as our customers' preference for rental in a capital-constrained environment. During the year we introduced several key products and made sales channel enhancements to improve the depth and breadth of our customer interactions. We introduced an expanded line of wound and bariatric rental therapy products, including the Hill-Rom® P500 surface for our VersaCare® and TotalCare® beds. We also made VersaCare with P500 surfaces available in our rental fleet. The P500 surface is our latest and most innovative wound care surface to address pressure,
Revenue--Categories Served (in billions)
$8 7 6
Category Opportunity Actual HRC Revenue

$0.6 $1.8

+/- $7.5

$1.9
5 4 3 2 1
NA Acute Care International NA Post-Acute Care
3-Year Growth Rates*

$3.2

~20%
**Other 6-9% Total HRC Market Opportunities = 3-6%

3-6%

2-5%

3-6%

* Company Forward Estimate ** Entrepreneurial Businesses: Health Care IT, Respiratory Care and Surgical Support Systems

page 3

Hill-Rom

20 0 9 A n n u a l R e p o r t

LikoTM Overhead Lift System NaviCare® Nurse Call System and The Vest® Airway Clearance System, Model 105

shear, friction and heat, the four main causes of pressure ulcers. In the patient hospital room, the Hill-Rom ElementsTM headwall appears to be a winning new offering with high aesthetics and a unique and proprietary manifold system to distribute utilities rapidly and costeffectively as the room's acuity levels increase. This adaptable headwall system was the winner of the coveted Nightingale Award from the Center for Health Care Design when it was introduced last fall. In addition, we responded to our customers' capital constraints by offering them a novel Technology Access ProgramTM (TAP) designed to partner with customers who desired to upgrade their patient support systems through a longer term, reduced cost rental program. This model continues to assist us in securing new opportunities.
ENHANCING OUTCOMES IN EXTENDED AND HOME CARE

rehabilitation hospitals and home care, we still found that product innovation and channel improvements were key to improving results in spite of the economy. Our respiratory care products grew over 10 percent this year and is the largest component of our Post-Acute business. During the year, the Vest® Airway Clearance System received expanded reimbursement coverage to include many neuromuscular disease conditions. Our home care product sales have grown by 58 percent since we began our strategy and grew again in 2009 despite reimbursement cuts. The direct-to-consumer (DTC) business remains small but is experiencing dramatic growth as patients and their caregivers-- often family members--seek more robust solutions to care for patients in the home environment. The Hill-Rom® 80 Bed, an affordable and versatile introduction for the post-acute care segment, also provides the benefit of compatibility with a variety of surfaces, including our new Hill-Rom® P400 Therapy Surface. This surface, an industry first, is a Self Adjusting Alternating Low PressureTM (SAALP) mattress replacement system with microclimate assistance. This fully automatic, plug and go system offers pressure ulcer therapy up to Stage IV uniquely
page 4

In our North America Post-Acute segment, customers faced economic pressures similar to those experienced by hospitals. While our Post-Acute segment reflects a diverse customer mix ranging from nursing homes to

Hill-Rom

20 0 9 A n n u a l R e p o r t

LikoTM VikingTM Lift System

Hill-Rom® 80 Bed

tailored to an individual patient. This bed system also provides superior patient comfort and dignity, offering optimized, consistent therapy without caregiver intervention.
ENHANCING OUTCOMES AROUND THE WORLD

product platforms that are adapted to the unique functional and value point needs of Asia, including connectivity capabilities that certain Asian customers are beginning to seek. Recently, we also announced the establishment of a Respiratory Care Technology Center (RCTC), which also will be located in Singapore. This Center will serve as the focal point for our global innovation in respiratory care. Hill-Rom is already a leader in ambulatory percussion and vibration therapy for patients with compromised lung function. We are seeking to expand this portfolio through internal efforts and external business development.
STREAMLINING PRODUCT AND PROCESS COSTS AND IMPROVING QUALITY

We met our strategic goal of continuing to grow our international business in spite of recessionary challenges faced by customers outside of North America. We experienced essentially flat constant currency sales in Europe (excluding Liko). With Liko, Europe saw 19 percent growth. Our "Rest of World" business saw significant growth, gaining 16 percent. Liko patient lifting and mobility products contributed meaningfully to our international portfolio and the integration of this new business has yielded cost synergies that are exceeding our expectations. In 2009 we set the stage for a much greater focus on innovation directed at Asia and other emerging regions through the expansion of our R&D presence in Singapore. In April we concluded an agreement with the Singapore Economic Development Board (EDB) to co-fund our new Patient Support Development Center (PSDC). The PSDC will develop full

This past fiscal year was also a time when our ongoing initiatives to improve profitability--begun in early 2007--contributed significantly to our performance. Since my arrival in 2006, we have been on a journey to not only improve sales growth, but also to expand gross and operating margins. We have tackled gross margins by establishing a low cost manufacturing facility in Monterrey, Mexico, initiating a "universal

page 5

Hill-Rom

20 0 9 A n n u a l R e p o r t

manufacturing line" in our manufacturing facility in France, reducing our service infrastructure costs, and designing in changes to our products that lower material and assembly costs. In November, we announced that we would undertake a major upgrade of our Batesville, Indiana manufacturing plant, and, building on our successful experience in France, develop a highly automated universal assembly line model to significantly improve product quality, decrease costs and lower inventory levels. In total, our gross margin improved 90 basis points during the year in spite of significantly reduced volumes. We expect to sustain these gains, and will execute various continuous improvement (CI) initiatives in 2010 to ensure continued progress on our profitability journey.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY: OUR COMMITMENT

care to those who have difficulty accessing it. Much of our CSR progress was made in defining our mission and goals in this area, and then launching our signature Hospital Beds for HumanityTM program. You can read more about our CSR program on page 23 of this report.
IN SUMMARY AND LOOKING FORWARD

The year 2009 challenged all companies and management teams to react to unprecedented turbulence and uncertainty, while attempting to maintain those investments that would improve company competitiveness once the world's economies begin to improve. I believe my management team and our teammates have accomplished this feat. We delivered a year where we believe we emerged healthier than when we entered, and that has positioned this company to meet or exceed our long-term growth goals. I want to thank our 6,500 Hill-Rom associates around the world for their high engagement, and congratulate them on a job well done. On a personal note, in September we announced my intent to retire by my 65th birthday, which will be in April 2011. Anticipating this milestone, the Board and I felt it important that we create a smooth transition for a new CEO and that we have the appropriate amount of time to conduct a thorough and well-planned search.

While we all worked hard to weather the economic storm of 2009, I am also proud to say we spent time in 2009 crystallizing Hill-Rom's approach to corporate social responsibility (CSR). This included a look at our philanthropic programs and our commitment to helping discover new solutions for delivering better health

In total, our gross margin improved 90 basis points during the year in spite of significantly reduced volumes. We expect to sustain these gains, and will execute various continuous improvement (CI) initiatives in 2010 to ensure continued progress on our profitability journey.

page 6

Hill-Rom

20 0 9 A n n u a l R e p o r t

That process is underway and we will likely seat a new CEO during 2010. Until that time, I will continue to serve our associates and shareholders as fully and as accountable as ever. After that time and until my retirement, I look forward to working part-time as Chief Innovation Officer to help mature some of the growth initiatives we have begun. I believe that the next CEO will inherit a pure-play medical technology company that has proven it understands how to execute on a strategic plan, attracts associates that bring passion and energy to their work, possesses a talented and deep leadership team, and is guided by a highly qualified and engaged Board of Directors. It is a company that I am proud to serve, and one that will continue to be a leader in enabling better health care delivery around the world and across the continuum of care. Sincerely,

Peter H. Soderberg President and Chief Executive Officer Hill-Rom

Research & Development (in millions)
$60 50 40 30 20 2 10 0 0
R&D % of Revenue

$57.3

$55.7

8%

$47.8 $39.0
3.0% 3.5% 3.8% 4.0%
4 6

Hill-Rom has continued to invest in innovation. From top: The Vest® airway clearance system, NaviCare® Nurse Call and ElementsTM headwall system with the AdvantaTM 2 bed.

2006

2007

2008

2009

page 7

