Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Fiscal 2008 was a transformational year in the life of this company. For the first time, Hill-Rom began operating as an independent, focused, medical technology company, galvanizing the organization to accelerate our "fix and grow" strategies and capturing the attention of our investors and our customers in an entirely new way.
On April 1, 2008, Hillenbrand Industries announced the completion of the separation of its two primary operating companies, Hill-Rom and Batesville Casket Company. With the separation, Hillenbrand Industries changed its name to Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. and took a new trading symbol, HRC, on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). Batesville Casket Company's parent was renamed Hillenbrand, Inc., and that company began trading under the HI symbol. Leaders from both companies joined together one final time to ring The Opening BellSM on the New York Stock Exchange, a powerful symbol of a new day. Going forward independently has enabled Hill-Rom to focus squarely on one goal: Building a great medical technology company. Separation has created a clearer line of sight for all our now 6,800 associates toward meeting and exceeding the needs of our customers and building value for our shareholders. As is characteristic of high-performing medical technology companies, we can focus directly on creating a culture of speed, accountability and ownership within Hill-Rom. Most of all, we can unlock the true value of this company for shareholders.
1 2 3 4
Improve Gross Margins International: Sustain Growth NA Post Acute: Achieve Leadership Position

Investors greeted the separation with enthusiasm--Hill-Rom stock soared within the first month after the separation-- and investors continued to show their approval in the following months. In spite of turbulent markets beginning in the late summer months, Hill-Rom continued to perform strongly against most market and peer comparisons. Another indication of the interest in Hill-Rom is the absolute trading volume of our shares. In the six months before separation, the average trading volume of Hillenbrand Industries was slightly under 300,000 shares a day. In the six months following the separation, Hill-Rom alone traded between 600,000 and 700,000 shares a day, and the two

Hill-Rom Strategy
Successfully Executing Our Multi-Year Strategies

Organic Growth Goals 2007­2010

Revenue GM OI EPS

6­8% 10­13% 12­15% 12­15%

CAGR CAGR CAGR CAGR

5

Grow Entrepreneurial Units

NA Acute Care: Differentiate the Core, Revitalize Rental Business Passionate People + Proven Processes + Advanced Technology

companies together traded nearly a million shares a day. Trading volumes have increased still further since our yearend. While we certainly understand our role is to create shareholder value over the long term, we are pleased and grateful for this phenomenal initial reception, especially in these challenging times.

Our North America Acute Care segment revenue grew at 6 percent, and was led by double digit growth in our ICU patient support systems and in our proprietary therapy support system capital and rental products. Our International and Surgical segment revenue grew a remarkable 25 percent, reflecting continued market share gains and a strong sales increase in Europe and certain other regions.

Executing our long-range strategy for growth
In October 2006, we outlined a strategy and goals for the

Our North America Post Acute Care segment grew nearly 14 percent, reflecting mid-teens growth in our respiratory care business and nearly 40 percent growth in our home care business. In spite of unanticipated strong inflationary pressures

future for Hill-Rom. Since that time, we have kept that strategy at the forefront as we have moved forward executing for results. One of our primary steps has been to differentiate the core of our business--our Patient Support Systems. Great strides were made this past year as we introduced a host of new products (especially therapeutic surfaces for bariatrics and difficult wounds) and new technologies that help connect our beds to the digital IT environment. In fact, every major part of our core product platform has now been touched and refreshed. We are seeing these strategies turn into results.
Revenue--Categories Served (in billions) $7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0

and the high rate of growth of our international business, which carries lower margins, we were able to maintain gross margins in total, and expand rental margins significantly. Our new Monterrey, Mexico plant began shipping fully fabricated products in July, and will become a tailwind for us in 2009. New productivity and cost-out initiatives among our suppliers and our other plants also are expected to take hold in 2009. Our focus on innovation is allowing us to increasingly bring to market compelling technology

$0.6
Market Opportunity Actual HRC Revenue

+/- $7.0

$1.7

offerings, which command higher margins. Finally, disciplined expense controls are in place and showing results

$1.8

that we believe will serve us well as we look toward 2009. These strategies and our achievements toward their execution are based on three simple tenets: Passionate

$2.8

NA Acute Care 3­6%

International

NA Post Acute Care

Other**

Total HRC Market Opportunities = 3­6%

people, proven processes and advanced technology. The new Hill-Rom, enabled by the separation and by the clear road map we have been executing since October 2006, has begun to demonstrate the progress that we can make toward achieving our ambitious goals.
page 1

2­5% 3­6% 6­9% Category 3-Year Growth Rates*

Attractive Growth Categories
*Company forward estimate **Entrepreneurial Businesses: Health IT, Respiratory Care and Surgical Support Systems

Passionate people: The right team
The key to any successful venture is a dynamic, focused leadership team, all passionate about keeping our promises and achieving our goals. Since my arrival in 2006, we have been shaping our leadership team to guide the company into the future. Two-thirds of the senior management team have come on board since 2006, with about half coming from outside Hill-Rom, bringing with them solid experience in medical technology, and half coming from within, providing vital continuity and customer knowledge. In 2008, that team has coalesced into a high-performing, creative, driven leadership team. Passionate people can be found everywhere throughout Hill-Rom. And, this has become even more apparent following our separation, when we seized the opportunity to create a true ownership culture. On April 1, 2008, "Day One" of the new Hill-Rom, all associates became owners as they each received 30 restricted stock units. In addition, we continue to reinforce this approach through rewarding innovation and continuous improvement. Two programs, the President's Innovation Award and the President's Continuous Improvement Award, recognize teams that develop innovative or cost-effective programs that make a difference in our business. Winning teams receive their awards in the form of company stock. We've also taken a close look at how our sales and marketing teams are staffed, and have added people where needed. In fact, this past year we completed the addition of 34 specialists within our moveable medical equipment

business and 30 new market specialists to maintain our installed base and identify other opportunities in our North America Acute Care division. In 2009, we will continue to make selective additions in our direct channels in all three operating segments.

Proven processes: Operational excellence
With the right people in place, developing and defining the right processes takes on new meaning. In 2008, a focus on processes helped translate top-line growth into bottomline profit. We achieved this in several ways. First, we made strong improvements in direct labor productivity, realizing a 35 percent jump in productivity per manufacturing associate over two years. Second, we drove down manufacturing overhead. While bringing a major new plant online in Monterrey, Mexico, we still managed to reduce our worldwide manufacturing overhead from 6 percent to 5.4 percent, a number we expect to push down even further next year. Customer satisfaction also improved through attention to processes. According to MD Buyline ratings, we have improved our system performance, system reliability, service response time and service repair quality significantly, returning to market-leading customer satisfaction in our core hospital capital equipment business.
300 400 500 600 $700

35% Improvement
$606

$522

$448

2006

2007

2008

Revenue Per Operations Associate (Less R&D)
(in thousands)

page 2

Improvements in customer satisfaction, billing accuracy and accounts receivable were vital this year in driving our 11.5 percent global growth in the rental business. By improving our rental billing processes, supporting focused teams for collections, and using technology more effectively, we were able to reduce days sales outstanding from over 96 to 82. In post acute care, where complex thirdparty billing can slow collections, we introduced efficiencies that have brought down our cost per transaction by 25 percent and made improvements to our billing procedures.

Advanced technology: Accelerating innovation
Our commitment to expanding the scope and quality of research and development investment, which has reached 3.8 percent of sales, is paying off as new products and new technologies continue to enliven our business. Some innovative introductions are completely new, such as the Hill-Rom ® 100 Low Bed and the Envision ® E700 wound surface. Others are enhancements to core designs, such as TotalCare ® Connect, TotalCare ® Bariatric Plus, VersaCare® Transitional Care beds, and two additions to the AvantGuard® line sold in Europe.

$70 R&D Expense (in millions) 60 50 40 30 20 10 0

% of Revenue R&D

3.8% 3.5%

4.0% 3.5 Percent of Revenue 3.0 2.5

Key improvements made to our TotalCare bed line enabled us to reverse a decline in intensive care unit (ICU) sales. Once the standard in the ICU, our TotalCare beds had some erosion in market share in recent years. However, with product improvements and the addition of new connectivity technology, strong sales gains were realized in 2008. Key improvements included an Advanced

3.0%

$39

$47

$58

2.0 1.5 1.0 0.5 0

2006

2007

2008

R&D Expense
(in millions)

MicroClimateTM technology moisture and humidity control surface, new and easier-to-use controls to adjust the bed and surface functionality through a bright, touch screen

To further fund our investments in research and development and sales channel expansion, and to combat the strong pressures of inflation seen since April, we made the decision in August to streamline our organization, "de-layering" the management structure and helping realign our SG&A costs. As a result of this action, we expect to achieve annual savings of $14 million. In October, we announced a further cost-reduction effort in our Medical Equipment Management Services rental business. This effort is expected to save an additional $4 to 5 million annually.

display, and new connectivity technology, which allows data to move seamlessly from sensors on the bed to the hospital network and to our NaviCare® patient safety applications software. Hill-Rom's Safe SkinTM, No FallsTM and Clear LungsTM programs are now facilitated by the connectivity capability of both the TotalCare bed system in the ICU and our mid-level VersaCare bed line in step down and med-surg care. To extend our reach into medicalized long-term care in Europe, a market with greater potential than the European acute care market, we introduced the
page 3

AvantGuard® 800 bed, resulting in near doubling of sales in long-term care in Europe. After many years in the "nurse call" segment, we have totally redesigned our system and at the end of 2008 launched a new, all-digital nurse communications system. NaviCare® Nurse Call offers superior voice quality, better location technology, greater reliability and a user-friendly interface. This new system was much anticipated and is being positively received. Advances also were made at Allen Medical with the introduction of an innovative attachment to the operating room table that facilitates cervical spine surgery, helping the clinical team work more safely and efficiently. To fully introduce The Vest® Airway Clearance System into acute care, Hill-Rom signed a national agreement with Tri-anim, a leading specialist distributor. We are very excited about this opportunity for our respiratory care business.

business based in Sweden, Liko leverages our global business footprint and extends our presence across the continuum of care throughout the world. Other alliances also created new opportunities, including an important alliance with Cerner, a leading supplier of health care information technology. This relationship is enabling the integration of our TotalCare® and VersaCare® bed systems with the Cerner Millennium® computing platform. A new partnership with NanoHorizons delivers patient support systems enhanced with revolutionary antimicrobial technology.

Improved key financial measures
Profitable, sustainable growth for Hill-Rom is a top priority. In 2008, we were encouraged by the acceleration in sales. In 2009, we will undertake additional efforts to ensure our sales growth translates to increasing rates of margin growth. In addition to some of the gross margin expansion initiatives described above, we are also focusing on operating

Partnerships, alliances and acquisitions
While our entire 11.1 percent growth this past year was organic (9 percent constant currency), we also looked outside our business to grow. On October 2, we announced the acquisition of Liko, one of the world's leading suppliers of patient lifts and slings. This acquisition represents a direct connection to our mission of enhancing outcomes for patients and their caregivers. Liko offers Hill-Rom one of the closest adjacencies we could have imagined--the intimacy of moving patients safely in and out of bed and around the room. Liko advances our commitment to enhanced outcomes, including the prevention of patient falls and protecting caregivers from injury. A family-owned

expense optimization. Our operating expense as a percentage of sales has stabilized as we continue to invest in sales and marketing while achieving efficiencies in G&A spending. Our cash flow is accelerating as we also strive to gain efficiencies in working capital. We will strive to ensure that our 2009 earnings per share will continue to demonstrate solid results.

Enhancing outcomes
Like every business in this uncertain financial environment,

we are being selective in our investments and seeking operating efficiencies with new vigor. And while we believe that health care is likely to be less affected by a recession than many other industries, we do anticipate
page 4

increasing levels of reimbursement pressure and uncompensated care to affect hospitals and other caregivers in some of our major markets. Over the next few years we also expect to see payment models and incentives evolve in the U.S. and other countries. At the same time, Hill-Rom has never been better positioned to provide solutions for some key issues in health care. Our investments in people, processes and technology are yielding new and affordable solutions in patient and caregiver safety and in the process, returning valuable time to caregivers at the bedside. We believe our value propositions will allow us to compete effectively for scarce capital and discretionary operating funds.

I would like to thank our Board for their confidence in allowing us to move forward as an independent company, and their guidance as we chart our path ahead. And this year especially, I want to thank our gifted and devoted associates for standing together as we tangibly demonstrated that we are turning this company into a valued player in supporting better health care delivery around the world and across the continuum of care.

Peter H. Soderberg President & Chief Executive Officer Hill-Rom

$1,600

$1,508 $1,357 $1,288

1,400 1,200 1,000 800 600 400 200 0

$570

$603

$670

31% 69%

Capital Sales Rental Revenues
2006 2007 2008

Revenue and Gross Profit Trends
(in millions)
Revenue Gross Profit

2008 Revenues by Category

page 5

