Jeffrey M. Ettinger Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

Dear fellow shareholders:
I am very pleased to report that 2006 was another strong year for Hormel Foods. With net sales increasing by 6 percent and earnings per share up 13 percent, we achieved our company-wide goal of 5 percent top-line and 10 percent bottom-line growth. While some of our peers struggled to achieve results in an environment of volatile protein markets, our balanced model and value-added branded products allowed us to deliver superior growth. We believe our unique balance of protein and packaged food products is providing the right mix to deliver both growth and stability. Over the last 25 years, Hormel Foods has only reported two down years of earnings per share results and our earnings per share have grown at a 10 percent compounded annual growth rate. A big part of this success is our strategy to develop and market branded products that are both great tasting and convenient. Today's consumers want products that are quick and easy to make, without sacrificing taste. Our products deliver these attributes. We strive to be a leader in the categories where we compete and we want consumers to think of us first when they think of meal solutions.

Innovation
Developing successful new products is critical for our continued growth. We have challenged ourselves to reach $1 billion worth of product sales by the end of 2009 from products that have been introduced since 2000. I am pleased to report we are ahead of schedule, with $850 million of product sales in 2006 from items introduced in

Net Sales
(billions $) CAGR 10.1%

Net Earnings
(millions $) CAGR 10.9%

Net Earning Per Share
(dollars) CAGR 11.0%

Annual Dividend
(dollars) CAGR 9.5%

$5.7
5 4 3 2 1 0 02 03 04 05 06 250 200 150 100 50 0 02* 03* 04* 05*

$286.1
1.75 1.40 1.05 0.70 0.35 0.00 06 02* 03* 04* 05*

$2.05
.50 .40 .30 .20 .10 .00 06 02 03 04 05

$0.56

06

2

Hormel Foods Corporation

*Restated for retrospective application of FIFO inventory valuation

this decade. We have formalized our new product development process with a new product development team. Our "rookie of the year" in 2006 was our Natural Choice line of lunchmeat and deli items. These items are preservativefree and a perfect fit for the growing demand for natural products.

2006 Operating Performance
Our business has achieved remarkable balance between our three largest segments: Grocery Products, Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store. In fiscal 2006, each contributed either 27 or 28 percent of our operating profit. Our two smaller segments, Specialty Foods

with bold flavors such as our Austin Blues barbeque and café h ethnic line of products. Creating differentiated products, such as Old Smokehouse Applewood smoked bacon, has proven successful as well. The Farmer John business, purchased in 2005, did not perform as well as expected in 2006.

Acquisitions
We acquired Valley Fresh, Inc. in 2006 to further strengthen our portfolio within our Grocery Products business segment. Valley Fresh has the leading market share in the canned ready-to-eat chicken category. We also announced a merger agreement with Provena Foods, a pepperoni manufacturing company. Provena will supply additional capacity allowing us to grow our pepperoni business and will provide us with a strategic West Coast production facility. We continue to look for acquisitions that strategically fit our organization. and All Other, registered a spectacular year in terms of growth in segment profit, further diversifying our results. Over time, we will take advantage of the strength of the Farmer John brand in the western United States to convert more sales from commodity items to a greater percentage of valueadded products.

We believe our unique balance of protein and packaged food products is providing the right mix to deliver both growth and stability.

Grocery Products
The microwave meals category was the clear standout in our Grocery Products segment in 2006, with sales up doubledigits for the fourth year in a row. Additional capacity was added in March to keep up with demand and we are under construction to further increase capacity in 2007. We also enjoyed strong sales growth in our Hormel bacon bits line of products in 2006. The results in some of our canned meats franchises (particularly Dinty Moore stew and Stagg chili) were below expectations, so we are escalating efforts to restore momentum to these products.

Jennie-O Turkey Store
Although our results were below 2005 levels, Jennie-O Turkey Store still registered excellent operating margins in 2006. This segment was buoyed by outstanding growth of value-added products (+9 percent). Our strategy to create convenience items, such as Jennie-O Turkey Store rotisserie turkey and flavored sliced lunchmeat, provides consumers with an opportunity to enjoy turkey year-round. As we look forward to 2007, we expect corn and soymeal markets to be higher than 2006, which will increase the cost of production for raising our turkeys.

Cash Flow Back to Shareholders
In addition to making acquisitions and reinvesting in our business through capital expenditures and marketing spending, we returned a portion of the cash flow to our shareholders through dividends and a share repurchase program. In 2006, we increased the dividend for the 40th consecutive year, a tribute to the strength and consistency of our business model. Dividend payments totaled $77 million for 2006. Through our share repurchase program, we purchased $37 million of stock during the past fiscal year.

Refrigerated Foods
Within our retail Meat Products group, Hormel refrigerated entrees and Hormel pepperoni were strong contributors to both the top and bottom line. The launch of our Hormel Natural Choice line of products also boosted sales. Our Foodservice business unit reported continued strong growth, led by products

Specialty Foods
In last year's Chairman's letter, we identified that the realignment of our Specialty Foods segment and the addition of Mark-Lynn Foods would be a benefit in 2006. I am pleased to report

Bringing More to the Table

3

the results exceeded our expectations, reporting 20 percent top-line and 78 percent operating profit growth. This made Specialty Foods the largest contributor to our total company's growth in segment earnings in 2006. All three businesses, Diamond Crystal, Specialty Products and Century Foods, reported significant improvement within the segment. We continue to be optimistic about the long-term growth of this segment and the balance it provides to our portfolio.

in the area of corporate governance and led the company in its most active acquisition period in the history of the company. We wish Mike and his wife, Marge, a wonderful retirement. We are fortunate to have great management depth and were pleased to announce a number of promotions as a result of Mike's retirement. Jody H. Feragen succeeds Mike as senior vice president and chief financial officer, effective Jan. 1, 2007. Jody was promoted from her position as vice president finance and treasurer. In addition, Ronald W. Fielding was promoted to executive vice president, Grocery Products. Ron will continue his responsibilities leading the Grocery Products segment and will assume additional responsibilities in company acquisitions. Roland G. Gentzler, previously assistant controller and director of Refrigerated Foods accounting,

at the Mayo Clinic College of Medicine and consultant in the cardiovascular division at Mayo Clinic.

Outlook
The long-term prospects for Hormel Foods are promising. We will continue to execute the strategies of growing our branded/value-added business through innovation and being a leader in the categories in which we compete. We have the financial strength to grow organically and through acquisitions, and we plan to do both. Although 2007 looks likely to be burdened with higher grain costs, we expect another good year. Long-term, we continue to maintain our growth targets of 5 percent top-line and 10 percent bottom-line. I want to thank our more than 18,000 employees world-wide for their unyielding commitment to product quality and food safety, and I applaud them for their continued spirit of innovation that is keeping us at the forefront in so many aspects of our business. I also want to extend my personal thanks to Joel Johnson as he concludes an

All Other
Fiscal 2006 was a great year for our All Other segment as well. Dan's Prize had another excellent year, further expanding upon their position as a top-tier supplier in the cooked beef category. Hormel Foods International reported very strong results, driven by improved exports of the SPAM family of products, Stagg chili and fresh pork items. I was also pleased to see our

The long-term prospects for Hormel Foods are promising.
China operations continued to improve their results. As we look to expand our international presence, we believe Asia has the best opportunities for Hormel Foods. succeeds Jody as vice president finance and treasurer, effective Jan. 1, 2007. Russell C. Potter, director of Grocery Products production, was named vice president, Grocery Products operations, responsible for processing plant and co-packer operations. Joining the Board this year are Elsa A. Murano, Ph.D., vice chancellor and dean of agriculture at Texas A&M University; Robert C. Nakasone, previously chief executive officer of Toys "R" Us and current chief executive officer of NAK Enterprises, LLC; and Dr. Hugh C. Smith, professor of medicine

incredibly successful run with Hormel Foods. Under his leadership, our sales more than doubled, our earnings tripled, and our stock increased in value nearly four-fold. His mentorship of me and many others here at Hormel Foods has positioned us to build on our company's long tradition of success.

Senior Management/ Director Changes
I would like to recognize the important contributions made by Michael J. McCoy, executive vice president and chief financial officer, who retires on Dec. 31, 2006. Mike emphasized the importance of controlling capital, kept the company at the forefront of changes

Jeffrey M. Ettinger Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

4

Hormel Foods Corporation

