E X E C U T I V E

L E T T E R

To our Shareholders, Employees and Friends: Fiscal 1998 was an active and rewarding year for Hormel Foods Corporation. Overall, the company' s financial performance was strong, highlighted by net earnings at an all-time high. Long-term strategies were validated by many specific achievements during the year.
Hormel Foods performed well in fiscal 1998 with earnings rising 27.2 percent to $139,291,000. Excluding gains from the sale of the company' s nonstrategic gelatin and specialized proteins plant in Daven port, Iowa, Hormel Foods earned $121,889,000, an increase of 11.3 percent. For the year, tonnage improved 10.3 percent with significant increases in further-processed, consumer-branded product lines. While dollar sales of $3,261,045,000 set a new company record, it should be noted fiscal 1998 consisted of a 53-week year compared to 52 weeks one year ago. Most importantly , however, the results of our operating units validated many of the company' s long-term strategies. All major units increased tonnage in fiscal 1998. Margins were improved because our product mix was en hanced wit h more value-added products for Hormel Foods trade customers and con sumers. We do not sell just pork loins; we sell Hormel Always Tender brand marinated, flavored and precut pork loins and tenderloins. We do not sell just bacon; we sell Hormel brand microwaveable, precooked and specially trimmed bacon. We do not sell just turkeys; we sell Jennie-O brand basted whole birds, turkey ham, turkey bacon and delicatessen-style slicing breasts. We do not sell just chili; we sell Hormel and Stagg brands of meat, turkey and vegetarian chilies. I'm pleased to review some highlights from our major individual marketing groups. T he Meat Products Group realized breakthrough results, approximately doubling the profits of its best previous year. The performance was driven by strong sales of established branded items, excellent margins and the cont inued dramat ic growth of new, branded fresh pork items under the Hormel AlwaysTender trademark. Grocery Products completed a record year driven by tonnage gains and excellent margins. Established brands SPAM luncheon meat, Dinty Moore stew, Hormel chili, Stagg chili and our family of microwaveable products all enjoyed tonnage growth and margin improvement in 1998. All ethnic lines (e.g., House of Tsang Oriental foods, Chi-Chi's and Herdez Mexican products, Patak's Indian foods and the Marrakesh Express and Peloponnese Mediterranean items) made additional distribution gains to support growing consumer demand. T he proven strategies for growth in our Foodservice Group continued to yield success. We reviewed these strategies in detail at last year' s Annual Meeting and our direction continued to prove highly effect ive in 1998. Foodservice growth was more than t hree times the industry rate due to our excellent product line and strong working relationships with distributors and operators.
1

Dramat ically revised strategies in established Hormel Foods International (HFI) markets yielded improved results in 1998 and afforded the resources necessary to invest in the high-potential Chinese market. HFI has, over the past several years, established or refined alliances with one dozen companies worldwide to help build the Hormel branded presence in many markets. T hese successful alliances en abled HFI to have its best year ever in established worldwide markets. T hus, HFI was able to support our growing ventures in Beijing and Shanghai, China, where the name Hormel has become the leading premium brand of processed meats in its first year of operation. Jen nie-O Foods grew turkey ton n age and dollar sales dramat ically, due principally to the 1997 acquisit ion of the Heartland Foods Co. plant in Marshall, Minn. Earnings levels were below plan and 1997 results, however, due to excessive industry capacity and resulting low prices. Fortunately, Jennie-O operating efficiencies allowed continued profitability despite these industry pressures. Pricing pressures have eased somewhat as we exit 1998, and Jennie-O value-added, branded tonnage continues to grow. Consequently , we are optimistic that our strategies focused on high-quality, branding and competitive costs will yield strong results into the future. T he dynamics of pork procurement added con siderable complexity to Hormel Foods results for the year. Like most other major slaughter and process operators, Hormel Foods has in recent years entered into contract arrangements with the best pork producers in the geographies surrounding major plants. During much of 1998, live market prices were below the floor levels guaranteed by our contracts. T he difference in these pricing levels is fully reflected in our reported financial results for the year and creates compensating balances with our hog producers. Should live hog prices rebound during the term of these contracts, Hormel Foods will benefit to the extent the compensat ing balances offset the higher live market prices. During 1998, Hormel Foods provided substant ial assistance in the form of product donations to several countries hit hard by extraordin ary natural disasters. T he cit izens of Guam, the Dominican Republic, Honduras and Nicaragua are all major long-term consumers of company products. We

acknowledged and acted upon our corporate responsibilit y by providing meaningful aid to families whose lives were disrupted by these devastating storms. Four long-time officers of the company retired this year. James W. Cole, group vice president and member of the Board of Directors, ret ired with more than 35 years of service. Jim guided our foodservice business to industry leadership and built a strong team to continue his legacy. Jerry C. Figenskau, vice president for specialty products, completed an outstanding 37-year career during which he served in many sales and market ing capacities. Richard W. Schlange retired as vice president and controller after 40 years of stellar service. Kenneth P. Regner, vice president of engineering, completed 41 years of service with his year-end ret irement . Many of our plants and engineering breakt hroughs endure as clear evidence of his great professional skill. Several important senior management changes were made during the year. Michael J. McCoy was named vice president and controller. He had previously served as vice president and treasurer of the corporation. He was succeeded as company treasurer by Jeffrey M. Ettinger, a nine-year employee, who had previous experience in the company's Law Department and as a product market ing man ager for the Grocery Products Division. Steven G. Binder was elected a vice president to succeed Jim Cole in leading our growing foodservice business. Steve is a 19-year veteran with an excellent track record of business growth in many different assign ments, most recently as director of sales for the Foodservice Group. T he successes of 1998 allow us to approach 1999 and the future with confidence in our fundamental strategies. Hormel Foods has excellent personnel, widely respected brand names, t he trust of trade customers, the physical plant assets, the R&D resources and the fin ancial capacity with which to build an ever stronger company .

Joel W. Johnson Chairman of the Board President, Chief Executive Officer

2

