Shareholders letter

Dear fellow shareholders: Fiscal 2010 represented another excellent year for Hormel Foods, as we achieved a sales increase of 10.5% and strong, double-digit earnings growth. It was an outstanding effort by our team in a difficult consumer environment.
Our Company also was recognized for other important measures of leadership, as demonstrated by some of the awards we received. In April 2010, we were named one of the 100 Most Trustworthy Companies by Forbes magazine. In September 2010, we were added to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index. We also were recognized for the Packaging Line of the Year at our Progressive Processing (Dubuque, Iowa) facility by Packaging Machinery Technology magazine, R&D Team of the Year by Food Processing magazine and among the Best Places to Work for Recent Grads by Experience Inc.
Balanced model Our balanced business model was a key to our success this year. Strong results by our Refrigerated Foods and Jennie-O Turkey Store segments led the way, and Specialty Foods registered solid growth. Our deep supply chains in pork and turkey provided us with further balance in comparison to the outside purchase of raw materials by our other businesses, while our conservative financial philosophy provided balance for our innovative culture.

Our Refrigerated Foods segment delivered excellent earnings, aided by strong pork operating profits. Retail sales were solid, as we were successful in providing products that met a variety of consumer needs. These included Hormel® pepperoni and party trays and Hormel® Natural Choice® products, all of which posted notable sales growth during the year. Our recently acquired Country Crock® chilled side dishes are a nice complement to our Hormel® refrigerated entree and Lloyd's® barbeque product lines.

jeffrey M. Ettinger Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

In our Grocery Products segment, continued growth of our Hormel® chili and Hormel® Mary Kitchen® hash helped sales overall. Margins were hindered, however, by higher raw material input costs, particularly pork costs for our SPAM® family of products. Progressive Processing started production in January and is now manufacturing both microwave and canned meat products. This facility was awarded LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) Gold and is one of the first manufacturing plants to receive such an award. Heading into 2011, our MegaMex Foods joint venture will be strengthened by the recent acquisition of Don Miguel Foods, a leading provider of branded frozen and fresh authentic Mexican appetizers, snacks and hand-held items.
2010 operating highlights
1

Our Foodservice group's focus on value-added solution products to meet the needs of foodservice operators continues to bear fruit. Products with improved sales include Hormel® Natural Choice® meats, Bread Ready® pre-sliced meats, Austin Blues® barbeque meats and Café H® ethnic meats.

Improved efficiencies across the entire supply chain and Thomas R. Day was promoted to group vice president of operations by our team at Jennie-O Turkey Store fueled foodservice, and will continue to report to Binder. All of their excellent results, aided also by higher turkey prices. these promotions were effective November 1, 2010. Advertising and promotional efforts around the healthy nature of turkey, and a strong I would like to recognize the investment in their recent We remain committed to innovation retirement of James W. Make The SwitchTM advertising and continued investment in our brands Cavanaugh, senior vice campaign, helped sales of president of external affairs value-added turkey products to leverage our category leadership and general counsel, effective grow during the year. January 30, 2011. Jim' s leader across our product portfolio. ship and expertise in managThe Specialty Foods segment ing the company through enjoyed a strong year with regulatory and policy-making changes has been signifiboth improved segment profits and higher sales, led cant to the company's long-term success. Lori J. Marco by increased sales of nutritional and ready-to-drink will succeed Cavanaugh as vice president of external products. Strong sales of private label products and affairs and general counsel. increased sales of sweetener products also contributed to its results. Outlook The strength of our branded, value-added Our International group experienced a tougher year, due product portfolio gives us multiple opportunities for to weaker pork export sales and compressed margins, additional growth. Our strong balance sheet should allow but did generate significant sales growth of its SPAM® us to take advantage of strategic growth opportunities by family of products. investing in organic growth and through acquisitions. We remain committed to innovation and continued investDividends/share repurchases We increased our ment in our brands to leverage our category leadership dividend rate by 21.4% for fiscal 2011, demonstrating across our product portfolio. confidence in our ability to grow our business. This represents our 45th consecutive year of increased diviAlthough we believe the recession will continue to impact dends, maintaining our elite status among the Standard consumer behavior in fiscal year 2011, we expect a year & Poor's 500 companies. of both increased sales and earnings. We repurchased $70 million of shares during the year, and currently have 4.4 million shares remaining to be purchased from the new 5 million share authorization put in place this past year. Jody H. Feragen was promoted to executive vice president and chief financial officer and Steven G. Binder was promoted to executive vice president of our Refrigerated Foods segment. These promotions reflect their extensive knowledge of our business and their daily involvement in developing and implementing our strategic direction.
Senior management changes

Ronald W. Fielding was named executive vice president of corporate strategy, planning and development and James M. Splinter was promoted to group vice president of our Grocery Products segment. Ron's new position will allow him to identify key areas where we can continue to expand the business. Jim will assume the responsibilities for the Grocery Products segment from Ron.

We have a dedicated team, with extraordinary experience in each of our business units. I thank them for their important contributions to the success of our company this past year. I have faith in our continued success as we continue to grow our sales and profits for the benefit of you, our shareholders.

Jeffrey M. Ettinger
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

2

