"I thank my colleagues for their excellent work. They have lifted Hormel Foods to its high level of performance and respect within the food industry."
Joel W. Johnson

Fellow Shareholders:
Hormel Foods performed well in fiscal 2005. I am pleased to report very strong earnings and sales growth, which was achieved despite the comparison to strong results and an extra week in fiscal 2004. 2005 Highlights · Earnings per share reached $1.82, up 10 percent compared to $1.65 in fiscal 2004. Our 2004 results included a $.09 per share gain from non-operating items. Adjusting for the non-operating items, earnings per share increased 17 percent. · Net sales totaled $5.4 billion, a new record that represents a year-over-year increase of 13 percent. Our strong sales were driven by a combination of organic and acquisition growth. · Shareholders realized a 16 percent increase in the annual dividend per share payout, with a total dividend payment of $71.6 million.This is the 39th consecutive year Hormel Foods has increased its dividend to shareholders ­ an achievement matched by few other companies. · Shareholders benefited from the company's repurchase of $23.0 million in common stock during the year. · We acquired four companies in 2005 and successfully integrated them into our business.These new businesses will further strengthen our portfolio of products. Our prosperous year can be attributed to multiple factors, including outstanding market conditions in our turkey segment, improving demand for our value-added products, and growing contributions from our recent acquisitions. Benefiting from our balanced portfolio Hormel Foods has built a balanced portfolio of category leaders in the refrigerated and grocery aisles, and we are succeeding in multiple sales channels as well, including retail, deli, and foodservice. Our balanced business model has the right mix of protein and packaged food products to provide both growth and stability. In 2005, the scales were tipped in favor of protein, with declining grain costs and continued strong consumer protein demand boosting the profitability of our turkey segment. Value-added innovation Innovation is imperative in the food industry, which rewards originality and punishes stagnation. Innovation is an important part of our recipe for adding value at Hormel Foods. It keeps us one step ahead of our competition and drives profitable growth. By converting commodity products to value-added items ­ through pre-flavoring, pre-cooking and pre-slicing, for example ­ we save time for consumers and foodservice operators, and capture the benefit through higher margins. Innovation ­ fresh thinking ­ always captures the attention of consumers. We have demonstrated a talent for identifying emerging trends and distinguishing them from passing fads. Today's consumers want sophisticated flavors, added convenience, and consistently high quality. The company's long-term value proposition is uniquely informed by continuous research and our growing insight into consumer needs and wants. An active year Fiscal 2005 was a year of active growth for Hormel Foods. We achieved record top- and bottom-line results through a combination of organic and acquisition growth. The best results came from our turkey business. We experienced exceptional demand for our turkey products, and improved operating profit by 74 percent compared to fiscal 2004. Our strategy of promoting everyday consumption by offering consumers convenient products has been very successful. Within the Refrigerated Foods segment we made two important acquisitions: Clougherty Packing Company, maker of the

2

Farmer John brand, and Lloyd's Barbecue Company. Both acquisitions exceeded our expectations in 2005, and we expect the momentum to accelerate in 2006. Our Grocery Products segment showed improved results in the second half of the year, positioning the business for a strong start in 2006. While this high-margin segment has absorbed higher beef and pork input costs over the last few years, we expect lower pork costs in 2006 will help drive margin expansion. We see many growth opportunities for our ethnic and microwavable convenience items within this segment. The purchase of Mexican Accent, maker of the Manny's brand, adds strength to our ethnic portfolio. By investing in strong marketing support, we are keeping our brands healthy for years to come. We made an important addition to our Specialty segment this year with the acquisition of Mark-Lynn Foods. Mark-Lynn strengthens our portfolio of foodservice products by adding wet pack items like ketchup packets. We also re-aligned this segment in 2005 to gain efficiencies in our sports nutrition and managed healthcare businesses. We should see the benefits of these changes in 2006. Our international business continues to increase its export business and is making good progress growing the China and Philippines operations. A foundation for future growth Hormel Foods is constantly pursuing innovation and product development. In fiscal 2005 we made good progress toward that goal. To advance our research and development capabilities, we completed a major expansion at our Austin, Minn., R&D facility. We also created a new product development team who will work to integrate our research and marketing efforts, and accelerate our growth in the marketplace. In 2005, we increased R&D spending by 10 percent. Sound governance and financial strength We are dedicated to improving shareholder value by profitably growing our business. Our discipline in maintaining a strong financial position enables us to support our marketing and innovation strategies and to pursue acquisitions that grow and strengthen our business. We also believe in returning a portion of our cash flow to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. We accomplished that by increasing our dividend for the 39th consecutive year and by purchasing $23.0 million of stock through our share repurchase program. At year-end, 7.6 million shares of common stock remain to be repurchased, as part of the 10 million-share repurchase program authorized in 2002.

Hormel Foods adheres to the same prudent standards of corporate governance it has always followed. An independent corporate governance agency, Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS), ranks Hormel Foods in the top 10 percent of the food, beverage, and tobacco industry. Consistently strong leadership Hormel Foods was built on a legacy of strong leadership, and that continues. We are grateful for the 94 combined years of outstanding and dedicated service offered by James A. Jorgenson, senior vice president of corporate staff; Dr. Forrest D. Dryden, vice president of research and development; and Gary C. Paxton, vice president of Specialty Foods, who all retired at the end of 2005. Promotions within our officer group include Michael D. Tolbert, group vice president and president of Jennie-O Turkey Store; Larry L.Vorpahl, group vice president and president of Consumer Products Sales; William F. Snyder, senior vice president, supply chain; D. Scott Aakre, vice president of marketing ­ Grocery Products; Julie H. Craven, vice president of corporate communications; Bryan D. Farnsworth, vice president of quality assurance; Jody H. Feragen, vice president of finance and treasurer; David P. Juhlke, vice president of human resources; Dr. Phillip L. Minerich, vice president of research and development; Bruce R. Schweitzer, vice president of Refrigerated Foods operations; Robert A.Tegt, vice president of Specialty Foods; and Brian D. Johnson, assistant secretary.These individuals add to the nucleus of leadership for Hormel Foods in the years ahead. Finally, I am pleased to report that on January 1, 2006, Jeffrey M. Ettinger, currently president and chief operating officer, will advance to Hormel Foods chief executive officer. Jeff is a Hormel Foods veteran and has been an integral part of our success since he began with the company in 1989. He has demonstrated his gifted leadership abilities in legal, marketing, financial and general management assignments, and he served as president and chief operating officer during a highly successful fiscal 2005. I have full confidence that he will be an inspiring leader for Hormel Foods. As shareholders, you have been generous in your support during the 12 years I served as chief executive officer. I thank you. I also thank my colleagues for their excellent work.They have lifted Hormel Foods to its high level of performance and respect within the food industry.

Joel W. Johnson Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

3

"Our expectations for 2006 are for good top- and bottom-line growth."
Jeffrey M. Ettinger

Fellow Shareholders:
It is an honor to have the opportunity to lead Hormel Foods forward. I am especially grateful to Joel Johnson for his valuable support and guidance, and hope to build on the momentum that he has established for the company. The longer I serve at Hormel Foods, the more I am convinced that what distinguishes our business from so many other consumer food companies is our consistent adherence to proven business strategies. I am committed to advancing these objectives and business strategies that have served us so well over the years: · Increase our value-added · Identify and pursue high-potential product mix products and channels · Brand the fresh meat case · Enhance profitability by operating more efficiently · Contemporize our product portfolio · Maintain sound financial discipline · Grow our ethnic business and governance · Support foodservice growth · Grow international business in select regions

Jennie-O Turkey Store Roast Turkey Breast with Herbed Stuffing

4

Net Sales
(billions $) CAGR 8.6% $5.4 5 4 3 2 1 0 01 02 03 04 05

Net Earnings
(millions $) CAGR 8.6% 250 200 150 100 50 0 01 02 03 04 05 $253.5

Net Earnings Per Share
(dollars) CAGR 8.8% $1.82 1.75 1.40 1.05 0.70 0.35 0.00 01 02 03 04 05

Annual Dividend
(dollars) CAGR 8.9% $0.52 .50 .40 .30 .20 .10 .00 01 02 03 04 05

Growth platforms Hormel Foods grows its business in three ways: organically, through innovation, and through acquisition. In fiscal 2005, we were successful on all three platforms. We achieved organic growth with established products like the SPAM family of products, Hormel microwave items, Austin Blues BBQ, and Hormel refrigerated entrées. Over the years, Hormel Foods has built strong brands that offer a solid foundation for growth. We will continue to leverage our brand equity by making effective investments in sales and marketing support. Innovation is another important growth catalyst for Hormel Foods. In 2005, we created innovative marketing programs, developed new value-added items, and expanded a remarkable food process known as TrueTaste Technology, in the early stages of development when we introduced it in last year's annual report. This high-pressure process extends shelf life while eliminating the need for preservatives like sodium lactate and diacetate. I am pleased to report that we have successfully launched TrueTaste Technology within our Foodservice line of Bread Ready sliced meat products, and we are also exploring other applications. Finally, we accelerated growth through four acquisitions in 2005, while adding broad strength across our product portfolio. Clougherty Packing Company, a privately-held Southern California pork processor and creator of the Farmer John brand of pork, builds our West Coast presence. Mark-Lynn Foods, part of our Specialty Foods segment, adds scale and broadens the portfolio of items in our foodservice channel. Lloyd's barbeque products complement our existing refrigerated entrée business and already are strong performers in our retail channel. Mexican

Accent, producer of Manny's tortillas and related items, will strengthen our ethnic portfolio. We are effectively integrating these businesses into the company and are benefiting from their increasing contributions. Outlook Our expectations for 2006 are for good top- and bottomline growth. Our long-term objective is to grow sales by five to six percent, and to grow profits by ten percent. By using our successful strategy of improving our product mix, we will continue to grow the bottom-line faster than sales. We expect lower hog prices in 2006, which will improve profitability in the Grocery Products segment and in our valueadded Refrigerated Foods business. While it will be difficult to improve on the exceptional results we experienced in our turkey business in 2005, we continue to see a well-balanced turkey industry. We expect grain markets to be lower in 2006, making the prospects for another great year promising. Our Specialty Foods segment and International business ended the year with a strong finish and we expect this momentum to continue into 2006. I'd like to thank our shareholders, employees, and partners for their support and trust in 2005. Look for another year of strong performance and fresh thinking in 2006!

Jeffrey M. Ettinger President and Chief Operating Officer

5

