"Our team remains dedicated to our company's long legacy of innovation and continuous improvement, allowing us to provide foods that fit today's lifestyles, interests, and tastes as we address ever-changing needs of consumers."
Jeffrey M. Ettinger Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

Dear fellow shareholders: In fiscal 2015, Hormel Foods continued to innovate and
adapt our offerings to meet the constantly evolving needs of consumers. Delivering foods that fit today's busy lifestyles, products focused on nutritious and holistic attributes, and items with new and adventurous flavors from many cultures around the globe will drive our future growth.
Continued success in the marketplace resulted in another year of strong financial performance. In fiscal 2015, we achieved a record $2.64 adjusted earnings per share*, representing growth of 18 percent. In recognition of this financial performance, our share price rose 30 percent in fiscal 2015, compared to the S&P 500 Index which grew only 6 percent over the same time period. Refrigerated Foods had a blow-out year, achieving 26 percent operating profi t growth, despite a sales decrease of 6 percent. Sharply declining pork markets compared to last year were a benefit for our value-added businesses, but reduced the selling prices of many of our products. With a continued focus on innovative product solutions such as Hormel® Fire Braised TM meats in our foodservice channel and Hormel Gatherings® party trays in the retail trade, we continued to grow our portfolio and improve the Refrigerated Foods segment margin structure. Our Grocery Products segment turned in a great year, benefiting from lower meat protein input costs and delivering a 23 percent increase in adjusted segment profit* . Sales growth of 4 percent over last year was led by continued demand for the iconic SPAM® family of products and our great new portable and on-trend Wholly Guacamole® minis. While Jennie-O Turkey Store had an excellent start to the year, highly pathogenic avian influenza dealt a significant blow to the business this spring. Approximately 20 percent of our supply chain volume was lost in the back half of the year. The dedicated and experienced employees throughout our business worked closely with suppliers, customers, government agencies, and others in the industry to slow the spread of the virus, minimize the impact to our stakeholders, and repopulate our turkey system as quickly as possible. Under the circumstances, it was impressive that Jennie-O Turkey Store finished fiscal 2015 with sales down 2 percent and earnings up 1 percent. Specialty Products delivered 48 percent adjusted segment profit growth* and 22 percent sales growth this year, primarily driven by the addition of Muscle Milk® protein nutrition products. The team quickly integrated the business and capitalized on synergies to drive sustainable margins. Our team in China continued to deliver growth in fiscal 2015. To support this level of expansion going forward, we broke ground on a new prepared meats manufacturing facility in Jiaxing, China, scheduled to be operational by the end of 2016. The plant will produce SPAM® luncheon meat and a variety of refrigerated and frozen meat items sold in both the foodservice and retail channels. The gains we experienced in China this year were muted by soft demand for fresh pork in certain markets. With these headwinds, the International & Other segment finished the year with a 4 percent increase in adjusted segment profit* on fl at sales.

*References to adjusted financial performance represent non-GAAP measurements, see page 17 to reconcile non-GAAP adjusted measures to GAAP measures.

1

Applegate acquisition In May, we announced the
acquisition of Applegate Farms, LLC, the nation's leading branded natural and organic meat company. This acquisition provides our Refrigerated Foods segment a meaningful entrance into the high-growth natural and organic space. The Applegate® brand allows us to expand the breadth of our protein offerings to provide more choice, delivering on many of the nutritious and holistic attributes desired by a growing number of consumers.

of Hormel Foods International. Deanna T. Brady was appointed to the position of group vice president and president of consumer product sales. Jeffrey R. Baker advanced to group vice president, foodservice, and David F. Weber was promoted to vice president, foodservice marketing. In March, the company announced the retirement of two employees with distinguished careers. Julie H. Craven, vice president, corporate communications, announced her retirement after many years of supporting and expanding the company's communications platform. Wendy A. Watkins joined Hormel Foods as vice president, corporate communications, bringing a wealth of industry knowledge to the role. Joe C. Swedberg, vice president, legislative affairs, announced his retirement following a successful career of leadership in legislative affairs, sales, and marketing. Jeffrey A. Grev advanced to vice president, legislative affairs.

Dividends 2016 will mark the 50th consecutive year we
have increased our annual dividend, an achievement matched by few other companies. Effective in the new fiscal year, the dividend will be $1.16 per share, up from $1.00 per share in 2015, a 16 percent increase.

Corporate responsibility During fiscal year 2015, we
remained committed to being a leading corporate citizen in our industry. We were honored to be recognized for our work, such as being named one of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens by Corporate Responsibility Magazine for the seventh consecutive year, one of the Best Companies to Sell For by Selling Power magazine, and one of the Best Places to Work for Recent Grads by Symplicity. We made notable progress toward our 2020 environmental goals, and also worked on several sodium reduction and clean label initiatives to continue to offer products that meet emerging consumer trends. We contributed approximately $7 million in cash and product donations to our philanthropic focus areas of hunger, education, and supporting the local communities where we operate. We supported hunger relief organizations in more than 30 communities where we have manufacturing locations and donated 2.4 million cans of Spammy ® shelf-stable poultry product that is fortified with vitamins and minerals to help prevent childhood malnutrition in Guatemala. A number of our employees and their family members made the trip to Guatemala to personally help with Project Spammy operations.

Outlook We have great momentum heading into fiscal
2016 and should enjoy renewed revenue growth as the year proceeds. We expect lower input costs to provide a benefit for our Grocery Products and Refrigerated Foods value-added businesses, offsetting modestly lower pork operating margins. We look for Jennie-O Turkey Store results to return to normalized levels in the back half of fiscal 2016, but remain pressured in the early part of the year as we continue to rebuild our turkey supply chain. Specialty Foods should deliver increases through the growth of its Muscle Milk® protein nutrition products, and we expect International to achieve year-over-year improved results through the expansion of our business in China along with increased sales of our SPAM® and SKIPPY ® families of products. Our strong balance sheet positions us to drive strategic growth through both acquisitions and internal investments. Our experienced employees in each of the business segments are a key factor to the consistently strong results delivered by Hormel Foods. Our team remains dedicated to our company's long legacy of innovation and continuous improvement, allowing us to provide foods that fit today's lifestyles, interests, and tastes as we address the everchanging needs of consumers. We will celebrate the 125th anniversary of the company in 2016, and with the great brands and team members we have in place, I believe we are well positioned for future success in the years to come.

Board member and senior management changes
In October, the company announced the election of James P. Snee, 48, to the position of president and chief operating officer. Jim was also appointed to the Hormel Foods Board of Directors. Jim served most recently as a Hormel Foods group vice president and president of Hormel Foods International. Jim's vast experience in both our core businesses and our emerging growth markets internationally, along with his history of strong leadership, position him exceptionally well to take on these additional responsibilities. As a result of Jim's advancement, several senior leaders moved to new positions in October. Larry L. Vorpahl assumed the position of group vice president and president
2

Jeffrey M. Ettinger Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

