Jeffrey M. Ettinger Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

Dear fellow shareholders,
Fiscal 2014 represented another excellent year for Hormel Foods, as we achieved record dollar sales of $9.3 billion and double-digit earnings growth of a record $2.23 per share. This strong performance was rewarded in the market, with our share price climbing over 20% this fiscal year.

Refrigerated Foods achieved 45% operating profit growth on a sales increase of 9% in the face of extremely tight raw material supplies. With a focus on innovative product solutions such as Hormel® Bacon 1TM fully cooked bacon in our foodservice channel and the expansion of our contemporary Hormel® REV ® wraps in the retail trade, we continued to expand our valueadded portfolio. Jennie-O Turkey Store had strong profit increases and sales growth this year, driving demand with our Make The Switch® advertising campaign featuring ground turkey tacos. The team was able to capitalize on higher commodity turkey prices, along with continued growth of our value-added products, to deliver a double-digit segment profit increase. Through expansion of our existing refrigerated meats business, along with the addition of the SKIPPY
®

launched Skippy YippeeTM, a national advertising campaign for our iconic peanut butter brand, after many years off the air. CytoSport acquisition In the third quarter we announced the acquisition of CytoSport Holdings, Inc., maker of Muscle Milk® protein-rich beverages and powders. This transaction expands the Specialty Foods segment offerings in sports nutrition products. Muscle Milk® is the number one brand of ready-to-drink protein-rich beverages, and the product line is an excellent fit for today's on the go lifestyles. Dividends Hormel Foods has an outstanding history of returning cash to shareholders, and this year is no exception. We increased our dividend rate by 25% for fiscal 2015, on the heels of an 18% increase last year. The annual dividend rate in fiscal 2015 will be $1.00 per share, marking the 49th consecutive year we have increased our dividend. Corporate responsibility We continued to make great strides in our corporate responsibility initiatives in 2014 and were again recognized externally for many of our efforts. For example, we were acknowledged for our dedication to doing business responsibly with a 100 Best Corporate Citizens award by CR Magazine for the sixth consecutive year. We were also included on G.I. Jobs

peanut butter business in China early this year, the International & Other segment achieved another year of double-digit earnings and sales growth in 2014. Grocery Products faced significant headwinds this year, with meat protein input costs at record highs, squeezing segment margins. Despite those challenges, we continued to drive growth through our MegaMex Foods joint venture and SKIPPY peanut butter. We also
®

2014 annual report

1

magazine's 2014 Top Military Friendly Employers list, named on Trust Across America's 2013 Top Ten Most Trustworthy Public Companies, and named one of the 2014 40 Best Companies for Leaders by Chief Executive Magazine. Our employees are involved in their communities and are committed to making a difference where they live and work. As a company, we support their efforts through programs such as On Our Way to Ending Hunger, now in its fourth year. Through this program we made cash and product donations of over $5 million this year in 39 communities where we have manufacturing locations and to food banks throughout the country. We also continued our effort to improve lives internationally through nutrition and educational programming for children and families in Guatemala. Since the inception of Project Spammy in 2010, we have contributed over 8.5 million cans of Spammy®, a shelf-stable poultry product that is fortified with vitamins and minerals. Many of our employees have made the trip to Guatemala to help with the project work. Board member changes Susan I. Marvin, President of Marvin Windows and Doors, chose not to stand for re-election to the Hormel Foods Board of Directors in January. Marvin served as an excellent Director from July 2002 to January 2014. We appreciate the valuable input and contributions Susan made to the growth and success of Hormel Foods. In July, the company announced the election of three new members to the Hormel Foods Board of Directors. Gary C. Bhojwani, 46, is the Chairman of Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America and will be departing that position effective January 1, 2015. Sally J. Smith, 56, is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. Steven A. White, 53, serves as the President of Comcast West Division. Senior management changes In January, William F. Snyder, Senior Vice President, Supply Chain, announced his retirement after providing many years of leadership in the operations and supply chain areas. Bryan D. Farnsworth advanced to Senior Vice President, Supply Chain, and Richard A. Carlson progressed to Vice President, Quality Management.

David P. Juhlke, Vice President, Human Resources, also announced his retirement in January, after years of supporting the company's expansion through employee growth and development. As a result, Lawrence C. Lyons was promoted to Vice President, Human Resources. In May, Michael L. Devine retired from the position of Vice President, Grocery Products Operations, after a long career of strong leadership in operations. Donald J. Temperley advanced to Vice President, Grocery Products Operations. In September, the company announced the advancement of Mark D. Vaupel, Director of Information Technology Services, to the new role of Vice President of Information Technology Services, placing a higher focus on the efforts to support the company's strategies and growth goals with technology. Outlook In fiscal 2015, we expect to exceed our stated goals of 5% sales growth and 10% earnings growth. We anticipate pork and turkey commodity prices and pork operating margins to normalize as the year progresses, with grain markets remaining beneficial, allowing our businesses to focus on increasing their value-added portfolios and capitalizing on our solid brand leadership in over 30 retail categories. Our strong balance sheet positions us to drive strategic growth through both acquisitions and internal investments. We will support the expansion of our China business by constructing a new refrigerated meats manufacturing facility, planned to be operational by late 2016. The dedication and perseverance of our employees help us maintain our leadership in so many critical areas, and I would like to acknowledge, with gratitude, their important contributions to the success of this organization. This team will continue to grow our business by focusing on delivering foods for the way we live: wholesome, nutritious, and innovative products that meet the needs of today's busy and discerning consumers around the globe.

Jeffrey M. Ettinger Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

2

foods for the way we live

