                LETTER TO
SHAREHOLDERS
ACOMMITMENT TO EXCELLENCE is what Harris stakeholders have come to expect in all economic conditions, and it’s what drives everything we do.
     WILLIAM M.
PRESIDENT
 During this past year, our leadership team and employees made important strategic changes to help meet this commitment amid strong economic headwinds, while proactively repositioning the company for long-term growth.
Although Harris was certainly not immune to the market challenges,
I am proud to report that we were able to achieve solid overall results and significant accomplishments during the past fiscal year.
2013 OVERVIEW: Company revenue was $5.11 billion, down about 6 percent, due principally to U.S. government budget reductions. Orders were higher than revenue at $5.27 billion, driving up backlog and providing positive momentum going into the new fiscal year. Non-GAAP income from continuing operations* was lower than the previous year, with increases in our Government Communications Systems and Integrated Network Solutions segments more than offset by a decline in our RF Communications segment. The decline was due in large part to the impact of sequestration and a weak government spending environment, as well as several key order delays in the international market.
But, we had a number of notable accomplishments in the year. We maintained market leadership in our RF Communications Tactical Radio business and were especially encouraged by orders in our international markets during the fourth quarter. In Government Communications Systems, we continued our legacy of superior program execution and won significant new air traffic management projects. And, in Integrated Network Solutions, we successfully installed a major maritime communications system.
As part of our strategy to reshape our portfolio, during the year we completed the divestiture of the Broadcast Communications business, which we determined was no longer core to our strategy, and we finalized the sale of our cyber integration solution center following fiscal year-end.
To address the budget headwinds, we acted quickly and took strategic steps to lower our cost structure. During the year, we implemented restructuring actions to adjust staffing levels and consolidate facilities to align resources with market demands. The reductions are expected to generate annualized cost savings of approximately
BROWN
$60 million beginning in fiscal 2014.
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
more »
  HARRIS CORPORATION 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
2
     
                SHAREHOLDERS
LETTER TO
    « continued from previous page
 To help optimize company operations, we implemented the Harris Business Excellence (HBX) operational excellence platform. HBX enables every employee to engage in sustained, continuous improvement that delivers better business performance and improved customer satisfaction. In only a short period, HBX has helped increase productivity, eliminate waste and streamline processes— resulting in more than $75 million in savings.
Our business segments’ performance, combined with the restructuring and operational excellence initiatives, enabled us to maintain our strong commitment of returning value to our shareholders and investing in the company’s future. We cut capital spending by 24 percent and delivered a record $655 million in free cash flow—representing 119 percent of non-GAAP net income. We also used a disciplined approach to deploying capital and returned more cash to shareholders, using $400 million to repurchase shares and increasing the quarterly dividend 12 percent on top of a 32 percent increase in fiscal 2012.
At the same time, we invested in the company’s future by increasing company and government funded research and development to approximately $1 billion. Our R&D efforts led to innovative new solutions that will help the company meet its future growth objectives and continue to deliver leading-edge technologies to our customers.
OuTLOOk: Although U.S. government budget headwinds likely will continue in the near term, we believe that the actions we are taking position us well for long-term growth. We continue to execute against our strategic priorities—including sustaining and growing our core businesses, accelerating the performance of initiatives in key growth markets, driving operational excellence, and improving cash flow and optimizing capital deployment.
We are constantly assessing how we allocate capital across existing and new businesses to maximize value to shareholders. And, we are committed to continuing to lower costs and improve program execution, while simultaneously investing in R&D and growth in adjacent and emerging markets.
Harris’ leadership team and employees continue to focus on the things we control— satisfying customers, driving operational excellence, and maximizing free cash flow. We do this without ever compromising our core values and high ethical standards, which are foundational to our company and critical to our success.
I would like to close by saying that we have in place a strong leadership team that is passionate about meeting our commitments to all stakeholders. We realize that the company’s success is only made possible by the continued support of our customers and shareholders, and by the hard work and dedication of the 14,000 Harris employees around the globe who demonstrate their commitment to excellence every day.
Sincerely,
William M. Brown
President and Chief Executive Officer
AUGUST 26, 2013
 MEssAgE fROM OuR ChAIRMAN
Economic headwinds test a company’s strategy and values. That was evident for many companies this past year— particularly those engaged in the U.S. government market. Issues such as budget sequestration and continuing resolutions created unprecedented uncertainty among customers and suppliers alike.
The Harris Board of Directors and company leadership collaborated to tackle these challenges head on and to maneuver through this difficult period. The foundation of this effort was the recommitment to the company’s long-term strategy and values.
Although tested, the company made solid progress in its overall strategy—
 and, most importantly, continued to deliver value to its customers and shareholders.
This was no small accomplishment given the economic environment and competitive marketplace in which the company operates.
I believe that Harris is even stronger as a result of this ongoing effort, and that we have the right strategy and leadership team in place to continue to weather the near-term uncertainties and grow the company going forward.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I thank you for your ongoing support.
Sincerely,
Thomas A. Datillo
Chairman of the Board of Directors
AUGUST 26, 2013
   3 COMMITTED TO EXCELLENCE
     