lHeaAtRrtSeCroOfCroOoRrmpPtoOHRreaATtInIOotNnerIm CHIef exeCutIve offICer
 Fellow Shareholders:
When I joined harsco Corporation’s board of directors in 2010,
I saw an opportunity to help this resilient company transform its operations and return to strong, sustainable growth. Since then, the board has engaged with and supported harsco’s management team as it worked to turn around its two largest businesses and unlock the value of its manufacturing growth platforms. I’m genuinely impressed both by the sound business strategy we’re executing upon, and by the progress our team made in 2013 to simplify and transform the company. now, as harsco’s Interim president and Ceo, I’m excited to step in and have a direct hand in helping harsco continue to execute its plans and strategies, and deliver greater value for customers, employees and shareholders.
rebalancing our Service portfolio
We took an important step in our transformation in 2013 when we divested harsco Infrastructure into a strategic venture with Clayton, Dubilier & rice (CD&r). We received approximately $300 million in cash and an approximate 29 percent equity interest in the strategic venture, which combines harsco Infrastructure with Brand energy & Infrastructure Services to form a much larger, $3 billion global business serving the energy and construction sectors. While 2014 will focus principally on alignment and integration between the two businesses, we expect our equity stake to contribute positively to results in the coming years and ultimately to produce substantial future exit proceeds.
We also continued our priority work to turn around our industry- leading metals & minerals business. Through our Simplification initiative, we are streamlining its operations and introducing rigorous analytics into the contract management process. We are also emphasizing proven, higher-value products and services that will
drive additional growth. In 2013 we signed several new contracts with some of the largest and most advanced steel producers in India, China and other leading regions. These projects will help improve performance in the years ahead.
expanding our manufacturing platforms
on the manufacturing side of our portfolio, we made targeted investments to expand our two strong growth platforms. In 2013 we built on the success of harsco rail’s expanding global base and growing core capabilities to win new contracts from several major railways and metro transit system operators. These include a new contract in Switzerland valued at more than $100 million to design and deliver utility track maintenance vehicles that will help maintain rail operations in a massive new tunnel now under construction through the Swiss alps. We’re also building a robust aftermarket parts and services business, where we can help global customers maintain and update existing rail maintenance equipment with such innovative technologies as our patented Jupiter II Control System and our CompassTM fleet monitoring
and data communications software.
our other manufacturing platform, harsco Industrial, continued
its trend of healthy revenue and income performance across three diverse businesses. We’ve gained significant market share over the past several years serving both the attractive natural gas and energy markets and the improving uS construction market. Disciplined, targeted research and development is driving organic growth through new products like the stainless steel p-K SonICTM commercial boiler we introduced in 2013. harsco Industrial is also pursuing inorganic growth, especially within the global heat exchanger market where our air-X-Changers business has long been among the market
2 2013 Summary annual reporT

 2013
2014 2015
focus on roIC across portfolio
Drive cash flow improvement to maximize shareholder returns
major improvement initiatives identified and outlined executing strategy to drive improvement in returns
Scale businesses to create growth platforms for Harsco financial flexibility to pursue strategic acquisitions
2016+
Harsco’s Transformation Generating Top Returns for Shareholders
HaARrSCOo COoRrpPoOrRaAtTIOoNn
   Improve Financial Returns
 Turn Around Metals & Minerals
 Optimize Portfolio— Grow Rail and Industrial
         leaders for compression coolers. our early 2014 acquisition of hammco Corporation gives harsco a solid point of entry into the adjacent process cooler market. later this year we plan to consolidate our four existing compression cooler facilities into a single, larger manufacturing plant to provide added capacity and even greater operational efficiency.
executing a Disciplined Strategy
We recognize that building sustainable growth platforms is
a multi-year process, and that we are just in the early innings
of harsco’s transformation. as harsco’s Interim Ceo, I’m committed to continuing to drive the execution of our well-defined strategic plan to leverage the full capabilities of our portfolio.
as we conduct the search for harsco’s next Ceo, we will focus on delivering on our key initiatives to create immediate and sustainable value. For harsco metals & minerals, we will improve return on Invested Capital (roIC) by rigorously tracking performance across global sites and across more than 40 service offerings. We will use a disciplined process for allocating capital to ensure higher returns on future investment decisions. For harsco rail, we will support a strong bidding environment
for major projects and a renewed focus on aftermarket services. and we will continue to support new product development and continued market leadership across harsco Industrial.
on a parallel path, we will also build out the capabilities
that a global multi-industry corporation needs to generate long- term growth. We will deploy standardized processes across all businesses that will make us more accountable at the site level, unite our culture around a common language and shared practices, and create greater mobility and opportunity for employees.
Defining the Harsco Way
as we move forward, we are also defining the shared values that will anchor our organization. These values find full expression
in the harsco Way—the foundational approach we take to run
our business and make decisions every day. With a new, leaner corporate center that connects and supports our businesses, we can move forward together with a clear understanding of what
it takes to succeed at harsco—and what it takes for harsco to succeed. as we build out the essential elements, global employees will enjoy greater autonomy to make decisions at the site level so that harsco can operate as a customer-centric organization.
Seizing new opportunities
I’m confident that harsco is on the right track, and that the strategy we’ve defined will fix what’s broken and grow our top and bottom lines. We’re seeing strong growth in global energy markets and increased demand for our environmental solutions. and we’re applying customer-focused innovation to win market share across our entire business portfolio. as we pursue these opportunities, we must continue to improve cash flow, execute our metals & minerals transformation strategy and approach performance improvement with even greater urgency. Together, we’re building a balanced portfolio of businesses that can achieve a real, sustainable competitive advantage that positions harsco for attractive long-term growth.
David C. everitt
Interim President and Chief Executive Officer
march 3, 2014
 2013 Summary annual reporT 3
