Report to Stockholders
Consistent with our strategic objectives for sustainable, long-term growth, the outcome for 2005 was as expected.

evenues for the year reached $2.77 billion, an 11 percent increase over the prior year. Harsco's geographical, political and economic risk diversification enabled all four operating groups to contribute to the year's success. Our Mill Services segment topped the $1 billion revenue mark for the first time. Strong sales growth was recorded in Particularly satisfying to our your Board and management Engineered Products team is the fact that Harsco and Services stockholders have shared group, up substantially in our improving 19 percent for the year, performance, which is and our management's fundamental Access Services motivator and objective. segment, up 12 percent. The Gas Technologies segment grew sales over 9 percent against a backdrop of improving international market conditions and a revitalized management team. Similar balance is evident in our 2005 income performance, reflecting positive year-over-year improvement from all four groups. Net income climbed 29 percent to $156.7 million, or $3.72 per diluted share, up from $2.91 per diluted share in the prior year. Operating income increased to $268.9 million, up 28 percent. Operating cash flow rose 17 percent to $315 million, compared with $270 million in 2004.

R

Particularly satisfying to your Board and management team is the fact that Harsco stockholders have shared substantially in our improving performance, which is management's fundamental motivator and objective. The total return on Harsco stock was 23.7 percent in 2005, and more than 128 percent over the past three years. In 2005, we distributed nearly $50 million in dividends to Harsco stockholders. For 2006, we have increased our dividend rate by over 8 percent, thus marking our 12th successive dividend increase in each of the past 12 years. The primary underpinning of Harsco's consistent year-over-year growth continues to be our global industrial services business model, which generally functions on the principle of:_ owning, maintaining and operating equipment and providing services as long-term contract partners to customers around the world. De facto, we are a capital intensive business and hence compelled to be well-disciplined in our allocation and management of capital. Application of the Economic Value Added (EVA®) system ensures that management rigorously examines every capital undertaking for positive EVA benefit before proceeding. I am pleased to report that in 2005, our fourth year under EVA, we completed our best performance yet, with all but one division reporting improved EVA for the year. We remain optimistic for the outlook across each of our business groups. In 2006, we expect to have two segments, Mill Services and Access Services, generating combined annual revenues in excess of $2 billion, and both having the

2

HARSCO CORPORATION 2005 ANNUAL REPORT

requisite growth opportunities to continue their progress. A good part of their improving performance will derive from the growth investments we have been making in these businesses to expand our services and global footprint. Our expectations also reflect the contributions of the acquisitions we completed in 2005, and which directly complement our growth focus. The November acquisition of Hünnebeck GmbH adds Europe's third-largest provider of highly engineered construction formwork and scaffolding services to the Harsco family, with more than 60 branches and depots in 12 countries. Hünnebeck is a world-class organization with strong product positions that will further accelerate our strategic growth in key European construction markets. With our exit from the Youngman light access manufacturing subsidiary in October, our Access Services segment is now fully structured around sales and rental services. In late December, we availed ourselves of the opportunity to add to our Mill Services base when Brambles Industrial Services decided to exit its Northern Hemisphere steel mill services operations. These operations provide slag processing and material handling services in the U.K., France, Holland and the U.S. and also include some specialty operations for the on-site briquetting of waste materials for recycling into the steelmaking process. The acquisition expands our long-standing relationships with several of the world's leading steelmakers. We note, however, there are many opportunities to grow our businesses organically, and that will remain our primary focus. The contributions of our niche manufacturing businesses in the Engineered Products and Services group were generally strong, giving rise to a reasonable belief that 2006 will be another year of solid performance. One of our principle objectives in this group is to continue the

transition of our Harsco Track Technologies railway track maintenance business more fully toward our global services model. Three new multi-year agreements signed in 2005 for 2006 start-up give us excellent momentum in this direction. We expect contract service revenues to represent about 40 percent of HTT's total in 2006, up from about 27 percent just three years ago. Margins should continue to grow accordingly, although in the immediate term we may see a decline in HTT's comparative yearover-year revenues, owing to the fact that service revenues by their nature are spread over the full life of the contract rather than being recorded in one transaction as with the sale of equipment. We have more demanding expectations of our Gas Technologies group, where we have been experiencing stronger international market conditions for our cryogenic bulk tanks and also seeing some improvement in our domestic markets for certain products. A priority for 2006 will be to recapture market share and improve operating performance, particularly in our valve business. China continues to be an emerging opportunity across a number of our business units, and will receive additional focus in 2006. Harsco GasServ is making progress in the manufacture and sale of cryogenic bulk tanks to the Chinese market. China is also the largest international customer for our railway track maintenance equipment, and as the world's largest steelproducing nation, a considerable potential market for mill services. There are currently hundreds of steel-related businesses in China of all sizes and efficiencies, but only a small percentage are among the strongest and most modern. Our approach is to proceed cautiously and selectively. There are several opportunities under active consideration. To support our strategic interests, we have recently opened a centralized representative office in Beijing that will oversee our business dealings in China.

HARSCO CORPORATION 2005 ANNUAL REPORT

3

In the execution of our strategies, one of the many challenges in any business growth initiative is to ensure that the organizational structure and management team are in place to achieve the expected rate of growth and returns. It does little good to set ambitious Philosophically, we targets if the right people and structure are incrementalists are not in place for execution. in our approach to

growth, preferring to build for the long term in a deliberate, step-by-step fashion.

We addressed several of these areas in 2005 and followed through with additional appointments in early 2006, including the elevation of group-level executives for our Engineered Products and Services and Gas Technologies business groups. The strengthening of our executive leadership team and the handing over of certain administrative duties to Sal Fazzolari, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, who now adds the title of President of the Company, affords me the opportunity to concentrate more fully on global strategy and execution. It continues to be one of Harsco's key attributes that, throughout the Company, we have a capable, hands-on management team that pays attention to what is going on and applies its full energies to the business at hand. We look forward to tackling the challenges ahead with our customary vigor and enthusiasm. Among our initiatives will be the substantial enhancement of our Information Technology infrastructure to lay the foundation for the greater connectivity and communication that will

be necessary throughout our increasingly global organization. We will attack our costs of doing business through our worldwide improvement programs, as it is my firm belief that collective and continuing diligence in this area from every operation, every location, and every employee is vital to our continuing progress. We have said many times and reaffirm, "we cannot administer our way to success." A third major initiative will be to leverage our increasing size and scope to become more efficient and strategic in such areas as global purchasing. Philosophically, we are incrementalists in our approach to growth, preferring to build for the long term in a deliberate, step-by-step fashion. We have seen the stock market reward our improving performance as it continues to more fully appreciate Harsco's reliability to execute our strategies and accomplish our goals. There is much more to be achieved as we move forward, and many opportunities to sustain our growth momentum. In thanking all of our constituents for your patient support, we look forward to another year of satisfactory accomplishment.

Derek C. Hathaway Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 3, 2006

4

HARSCO CORPORATION 2005 ANNUAL REPORT

