                Dear Fellow Stockholders:
Entering 2009, we knew we would face an extremely difficult global economic environment. We also knew we could draw on our inner strength and discipline to meet the challenge.
As the extraordinary economic and market turbulence of the Great
Recession continued throughout the year, we relied on our solid foundation—our healthy balance
sheet, strong cash flow from operations and diversified business platforms—to help us navigate the storm. We launched aggressive countermeasures to signifi- cantly lower our cost structure. And by greatly reducing our capital expenditures we generated record free cash flow.
At the same time, we continued to execute the transformation journey that we began in late 2007, which I call the “CEO Envisioned Future.” Underpinned by four broad strategies and the principles outlined by Jim Collins in Good to Great, our transformation journey focuses on:
• Significantly strengthening our global leadership
team, which we call “the A-Team”;
• Changing the business to a more horizontal “connect
and collaborate” value creation model, also known as
the “globally integrated and optimized enterprise”; • Executing a robust emerging markets strategy
that better balances our geographic footprint, while at the same time better balancing our business platforms and market segments; and
• Expanding our knowledge-based services and solutions, with the objective of enhancing our customers’ performance in parallel with improving our Economic Value Added (EVA®) and creating stockholder value.
As a result of our disciplined strategy execution, Harsco enters 2010 with a stronger balance sheet, improving free cash flow, a stronger management team, a much lower cost structure and increasing momentum in expanding our global footprint across emerging markets. We are well positioned to capitalize on the opportunities ahead of us as our markets slowly recover across the world.
Meeting Our Commitments—
a Culture of Discipline
Our management scorecard for 2009 reflects both
our commitment and our success to date. It gives our team—and stockholders—a clear roadmap of the strategic priorities and execution focus we have set for ourselves as we continue to build an enduring enterprise: • Significantly reduce our break-even point with
sustainable cost reductions;
• Maintain Harsco’s traditionally strong balance
sheet and improve our free cash flow;
• Scour the globe for talented people and bring
them on board the “Harsco bus”;
 2 Harsco Corporation 2009 Annual Report

                 • Implement a new leadership structure to operate the business as an integrated whole—as One Harsco supported by best-in-class services;
• Better balance the portfolio geographically by executing a robust emerging markets strategy; and
• Better balance Harsco’s market sectors and business platforms.
By focusing on these strategic goals while operating under the most difficult economic conditions, we were able to maintain some degree of our momentum and achieve financial and operating results that were consistent with our expectations. However, after five consecutive years of record results from continuing operations, the Great Recession clearly impacted our performance in 2009, as orders significantly weakened and pricing pressures intensified. As a direct result, our revenues declined about 25 percent to $3.0 billion, with approximately $255 million attributable to
the weakening of foreign currencies. Income from continuing operations was $141 million, or $1.66 per diluted share. On the positive side, we reduced capital expenditures by 64 percent and generated record free cash flow of $269 million, more than double the amount we achieved in 2008. We used some of this cash to pay down corporate debt, lowering Harsco’s debt-to-capital ratio to 39.5 percent, our
lowest year-end ratio since 1998. We also rewarded our stockholders by increasing our dividend rate for the 16th consecutive year, to $0.82 per share from the previous $0.80. At a time when economic conditions have led many other companies to either suspend
or eliminate their dividends, this move signals the Board’s confidence in our long-term growth prospects and in our ability to continue to generate strong free cash flows. In December we successfully executed a revolving back-up credit facility of $570 million, which gives us further financial flexibility to deliver on our plans. The achievement of our key financial strategies puts us in a very good position to capitalize on the growth opportunities we are aggressively pursuing, and it will provide us with additional leverage as global economic conditions improve.
Transformation Journey—CEO Envisioned Future
We expect the transformation journey we commenced
in late 2007 to be substantially completed by the end of 2010. This three-year-plus journey will transform Harsco into a modern, globally integrated and optimized enterprise that is well positioned for growth. Our business model will be driven by knowledge-based solutions and services that improve customers’ performance and contribute to Harsco’s value creation
Salvatore D. Fazzolari
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Harsco Corporation 2009 Annual Report 3

                Global Leadership Team Report Card
Last year we introduced a number of countermeasures to help us navigate economic uncertainty and strengthen our company to take advantage of new opportunities. This Report Card measures the progress we’ve achieved.
Our Promise Our Progress
  Significantly lower our cost structure by at least $100 million to reduce our break-even point.
Achieved at least $125 million of sustainable, annualized cost reductions; additional cost reduction is expected in 2010.
 Maintain a strong balance sheet by emphasizing free cash flow.
Exceeded our free cash flow target of $250 million by achieving a record $269 million; similar results are expected in 2010.
 Scour the globe for talented people and bring them on board the “Harsco bus”.
Hired or in the process of recruiting more than 15 top executives with A-Team international experience and capabilities.
 Implement a new management structure to operate the business as an integrated whole—as One Harsco supported by best-in-class services.
Executed our One Harsco global rebranding.
Established a new high-performance offshore services center in India. Launched our global supply chain initiative in early 2010.
 Better balance the portfolio geographically
by executing a robust emerging markets strategy.
Generated 22 percent of revenues from emerging markets in 2009. In 2010, we expect to reach about 28 percent, double the amount achieved in 2007.
 Better balance Harsco’s market sectors and business platforms.
Entered new joint ventures and targeted acquisitions in the Gulf Region of the Middle East, China, Latin America and Australia.
 growth, all underpinned by a competitive cost structure and improving free cash flow. Meanwhile, these same transformational initiatives are helping us overcome the ongoing market turbulence, differentiate ourselves with customers and contribute to a lower cost and capital base that will strengthen Harsco for the future. They are helping to secure the strong foundation we need to fulfill our core purpose to build teams that win with integrity anywhere in the world.
Having the right people in the right seats is essential. I am pleased with the considerable progress we continue to make in bringing top A-Team-caliber talent into our organization. The significantly strengthened global management team we are building will give us the necessary skills to compete with all classes of competitors across the world.
One Harsco: We Help Build the World
Last year’s letter described the many benefits of operating as One Harsco. In 2009 we continued to unify our diverse global businesses under the Harsco brand and instill a culture of discipline across all our operations. We adopted the theme “We Help Build the World” as a common denominator that characterizes all Harsco businesses and describes the essential value that we bring to our markets and customers.
We also adopted an integrated global operating structure that connects our people and global operations horizontally and focuses them on collaboration and value creation in the following important ways:
Standard processes. Our technology infrastructure gives us greater flexibility to share our market insights and best practices as one team. For example, our Harsco Metals and Harsco Minerals businesses have many synergies and complementary processes that will enable us to offer increasingly comprehensive, knowledge-based solutions on a global scale. These two businesses are now managed under one senior executive, and have begun sharing their technical skills and process expertise to develop innovative solutions for the handling and processing of our customers’ waste streams. Our innova- tive processes maximize the recyclable metallics and minerals we recover from metals production. Just as important, our processes also yield beneficial commercial applications that help customers reduce the cost and impact of their by-products and contribute directly
to a better environment.
Shared services. Harsco wins by delivering differentiated value in the form of high-quality and reliable services, solutions and products. We also win through our
4 Harsco Corporation 2009 Annual Report
      
                By the end of 2010 we will have substantially completed our three-year-plus journey to transform Harsco into a modern, globally integrated and optimized enterprise that is well positioned for growth.
efficiency and Continuous Improvement core value discipline. We are raising the bar across the enter- prise, with one example being our new global shared services center in India. This new center supports our culture of excellence by giving our businesses access to best-of-class services to support their engineering, information technology, accounting and transaction- related services.
Enterprise-wide functions. Our new horizontal “connect and collaborate” model gives us the ability to more readily scale our businesses at minimal incremental cost, and better and more quickly integrate new acquisitions and joint ventures. We are realigning core support functions such as human resources, legal and others to operate as global and regional centers of excellence, providing cross-divisional services with maximum focus and efficiency. We also have launched a global supply chain initiative with world leader IBM to not only reduce our operating costs,
but also reduce the amount of capital employed in our business. This far-reaching business transformation initiative encompasses strategic sourcing, procurement, logistics, planning (demand and supply), inventory
and order management, as well as cash management. In addition, IBM is helping us with a second initiative
designed to streamline our global general and administrative expense structure.
Sustainability and environment. Harsco’s future—
and the future of our planet—also compels us to reduce our environmental footprint and partner with suppliers and customers to lower theirs. We view environmental responsibility as a matter of integrity,
and we’re using process innovation to develop sustainable practices and build competitive advantage. We’ve invested in new technologies for the processing and recycling of slag from metals producers throughout the world. The recycled slag contributes to such applications as road surfacing, cement additives and extenders, fertilizers for agriculture and turf
building, and water filtration. We continue to drive our zero waste processes towards environmentally responsible and beneficial commercialization of industrial by-products and by doing so, create viable uses for materials that were formerly designated
for landfill.
A World of Opportunity, Although
Economic Uncertainty Remains
Harsco enters 2010 with a leaner cost structure, a broader and more balanced global market footprint,
Harsco Corporation 2009 Annual Report 5

 Good to Great Framework
                                     a strong balance sheet with excellent free cash flow, and talented and motivated people who are passionate about our core purpose and core values. We know that significant near-term challenges remain in our Harsco Infrastructure business, particularly in the first half of 2010, where there is a lack of any meaningful activity in many of the construction markets we serve, especially in Europe and the United States. While we continue to be optimistic about the prospects of a gradual global economic recovery, considerable uncertainty remains. Nevertheless, we are encouraged by the improving performance of our Harsco Metals and Harsco Minerals businesses, the strong backlog of our Harsco Rail business and the consistent performance of our Harsco Industrial business.
The Great Recession caused us to look hard at our operating practices and business platforms and execute tough countermeasures to permanently remove costs and optimize our capital. Our cost reduction and capital optimization focus will continue throughout 2010, particularly in the Harsco Infrastructure business.
We will benefit from our lower break-even point and from the emerging market capabilities we’ve initiated through recent acquisitions and joint ventures in China, Latin America and the Gulf Region of the Middle East. We will also continue to engage customers in a different kind of dialogue that moves beyond a menu of discrete activities to integrated, value-based solutions. By stay- ing attuned to our customers’ most important needs, and responding with unparalleled technical expertise, world-class services and an unwavering commitment to our core ideology, we will work as partners to drive both their success and ours. We are proud to say that “We Help Build the World!”
Salvatore D. Fazzolari
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 10, 2010
 6 Harsco Corporation 2009 Annual Report
