 Fellow Shareholders:
As we turn the final page on 2010 and transition into 2011, we are cautiously optimistic that after almost three years of turbulence, the worst of the global economic crisis is behind us. We enter 2011 in excellent financial condition, with a significantly lower cost structure and with the transformation of the Company substantially complete. We are well positioned to resume our growth.
2010 was a year of continuing economic fallout due to
the late cycle nature of our Infrastructure business, and
as a consequence our 2010 performance fell short of expecta- tions. With the inclusion of a fourth quarter charge of $84.4 million or $0.77 per share for realigning the Infrastruc- ture business, income from continuing operations dropped to $10.9 million, or $0.13 per diluted share. Our revenues increased slightly to just over $3.0 billion, an encouraging performance given Infrastructure’s steep decline.
We have continued to respond to the external economic challenges with aggressive actions to permanently remove costs from our businesses and lower our break-even points. These initiatives have made us a fitter, healthier company, and the resulting benefits will strengthen our performance for years to come. We added an additional $85 million in further cost reductions in 2010 to the $100 million already achieved by our 2008–2009 initiatives, giving us total sustainable cost savings of about $185 million per year once fully implemented.
We also generated $209 million in free cash flow in 2010. This is the second-highest total in our history, after the record $269 million we achieved in 2009. This is an excellent number, particularly given the difficulties we faced, and it speaks to Harsco’s exceptional resilience and fiscal health. Among many other benefits, our strong cash flows enabled us to continue our long-standing tradition of predictable and consistent dividend payments to our shareholders.
This past year marked our 71st consecutive year of dividends, going back to 1939.
Harsco Infrastructure continued to struggle as the nonresi- dential construction market fared far worse than we expected throughout the year. The restructuring that we undertook
in the fourth quarter will enable us to right-size this business to current market realities and build a better disciplined
and more focused business model for the future. We expect savings from this restructuring of approximately $43 million in 2011, with full annualized savings of more than $60 million starting in 2012. Pending the eventual market recovery in this business, we will use 2011 to solidify our base and build the long-term structural improvements that we feel certain will underpin our future success.
The encouraging performance of our three other business platforms suggests that the economic environment may finally be improving in their respective markets. In 2010 Harsco Metals and Harsco Minerals worked side by side as an integrated platform to address the growing customer demand for environmental solutions. Our work for the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to reclaim an abandoned steel mill site in Alabama won national and local praise for eliminating several million tons of stockpiled slag materials over the next several years at no taxpayer expense. We’re positioning these highly synergistic busi- nesses for further growth by expanding into emerging markets and targeting new opportunities for Harsco
2 Harsco Corporation 2010 Summary Annual Report

 innovation. These include further penetration into non- steel markets as well as compatible adjacent markets that can benefit from our knowledge-based solutions. For 2010, the Harsco Metals & Minerals segment generated operating income of $118 million, up 172 percent from a year ago, and sales of $1.5 billion, an increase of 16 percent.
Another year of record performance from Harsco Rail underscores the increasing scale and strength of this business and the efficiencies being gained through our Lean Continuous Improvement culture. The large Class I– level railroads in particular, both domestically and abroad, are responding to Harsco Rail’s integrated solutions-based approach, which combines innovative new equipment technologies with strong aftermarket support and expert contract services. In 2010 Harsco Rail set new records of $313 million in revenues and $66 million in operating income.
Harsco Industrial worked actively to build its technology
and quality leadership, while continuing its investment
in Lean processes. Although revenues and operating income declined in 2010, due principally to the downturn in non- residential construction and higher LIFO costs, our outlook for the future of this business remains upbeat. Under a new generation of leadership, we’re executing aggressive plans to use the footprint and resources of “OneHarsco” to scale this group’s engineered products across the globe, with near-term market targets of South America, Australia, China and the Middle East.
Salvatore D. Fazzolari
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Harsco’s Transformation and Renewal
As we reflect on our performance and the transformation of Harsco, particularly over the past three years, I’m reminded of what Henry David Thoreau once said,
“It is not what you look at that matters, it is what you see.” As we emerge from arguably the most adverse business conditions in our Company’s modern history, we see good reason for optimism.
Our balance sheet is in the best shape it has been in more than a decade. We have generated approximately $600 million
in free cash flow over the past three years, a 400 percent increase from the $122 million we realized during the three global economic boom years of 2005–2007. We have reduced our cost structure by a significant $185 million. We have grown our Emerging Markets/Rest of the World revenues to
25 percent of our total. More and more we are becoming a total solutions company, well beyond a competent provider of basic services and products. Innovation, technology and efficiency are driving our economic engine and increasing the value we provide. We demonstrated the power of our knowledge-based solutions with our announcement in December 2010 of the significant joint venture we currently are formalizing in China with TISCO, the world’s largest stainless steel company. With an expected start-up in early 2012, this new project will tap into our expertise for implementing zero waste management technologies that capture the waste stream by-products of our customers and convert them into productive commercial materials that add to a cleaner environment.
Harsco Corporation 2010 Summary Annual Report 3

 We have worked hard on building a best-of-class global leadership team. We passionately believe that the “right” people provide the ultimate competitive advantage. We are committed to our core value of recruiting, developing and retaining the “A-Team”.
We have expanded and rebalanced our international foot- print to reduce our dependency on European and North American markets and increase our opportunities in faster- growth developing and emerging markets. Our scalable network now reaches more than 50 countries and will continue to grow. We are well positioned to accelerate our expansion by creating additional joint ventures and alliances with established market partners. By 2015,
we expect to generate approximately 35 percent of our total revenues from markets outside of North America and Western Europe, including the all-important emerging and developing markets.
Finally and most important, we have worked hard on building a best-of-class global leadership team. We passion- ately believe that the “right” people provide the ultimate competitive advantage. We are committed to our core value of recruiting, developing and retaining the “A-Team.” The leaders we have appointed to run each of our four platforms bring renewed vigor and broad global experience to our business. In his first full year leading our Harsco Metals & Minerals segment, Galdino Claro has redefined the way these businesses go to market and has reposi- tioned the group for sustainable and profitable growth as the global metals industry recovers. Ivor Harrington has similarly developed an aggressive turnaround strategy for Harsco Infrastructure that will reduce its cost structure and realign its resources to restore momentum. Scott Jacoby
at Harsco Rail and Scott Gerson at Harsco Industrial are
both energetic and highly motivated young leaders who are passionate about their businesses and thrive on creating new opportunities.
2011: A Transition Year
With our critical restructuring and transformation work mainly behind us, we can now look forward with greater confidence to the restoration of growth over the next
five years. In several respects, 2011 will be our transition year. Over the course of this year, we will have stabilized the Infrastructure business and put it on a path to increasing profitability. We will enter the start-up phase of key strategic growth investments throughout the world, and we will begin to realize many of the substantial cost reduction benefits that we expect from our Infrastructure realignment. Thus, we look for 2011 to establish the foundation for our return to consistent growth.
Global Collaboration, Standardization
and Integration: “OneHarsco”
Going forward, all four Harsco business platforms will benefit from our “connect and collaborate” business model. Becoming “OneHarsco” empowers us to work together more efficiently and maximizes the power of our shared knowledge and resources. This platform also enables us to scale the business more efficiently across the globe and fully leverage our enterprise-wide advantages. One example is our global supply chain initiative, which is starting to deliver more coordinated planning, logistics, scheduling
4 Harsco Corporation 2010 Summary Annual Report

 2010 Report Card
Harsco Global Senior Operations Team
(left to right)
Ivor J. Harrington
Executive Vice President and Group CEO Harsco Infrastructure
Galdino J. Claro
Executive Vice President and Group CEO Harsco Metals and Harsco Minerals
Salvatore D. Fazzolari
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Harsco Corporation
Scott H. Gerson
Vice President and Group President Harsco Industrial
Scott W. Jacoby
Vice President and Group President Harsco Rail
 Our Promise Our Progress
 Lower the break-even point of all business platforms
 Achieved an additional $85 million in permanent cost reductions, increasing our three-year total to $185 million
 Deliver $200 million of free cash flow
 Achieved $209 million of free cash flow
 Continue to rebalance the global business footprint with a robust emerging markets strategy
 2010 revenues from emerging markets increased to 25%, nearly twice the percentage just three years ago
 Improve the business model by investing in technology and innovation
                                                         
strategy for becoming a knowledge-based solutions business
                                             
collaboration worldwide
                                                  
 Strengthen the balance sheet to provide a solid foundation for future growth
 Reduced our debt-to-capital ratio to approximately 38%,
                           
and integration throughout our operations. We will begin to see the financial and operating benefits of this new structure in 2011 and beyond. Another is our focus on significantly improving our sales and marketing discipline. We are developing a highly professional and effective sales and marketing group in each of our major business platforms, particularly Infrastructure and Metals & Minerals. The investment we’re making in this very important part of the organization will enable us
to better target and win future business.
We also continue to build and modernize the integrated global computer and engineering systems that are vital
to share knowledge and information across our enterprise, and with our customers, suppliers and research partners. These systems underpin our innovation pipeline, and
help us deliver more knowledge to help our customers improve their performance.
Corporate Governance
With the recent appointments of David C. Everitt of Deere & Company and James M. Loree of Stanley Black & Decker
Harsco Corporation 2010 Summary Annual Report 5

                                                                                                                         to the Harsco Board of Directors, we have filled open Board positions with senior executives from leading corporations having strong global brands and a dedicated emphasis on technology and solutions. They also share
our strong commitment to the discipline of Economic Value Added (EVA®). We are grateful for the many contributions
of Geoffrey D. H. Butler and D. Howard Pierce as they retire from our Board after a combined three decades of distin- guished service to the Board and Company. We also thank Richard Neuffer upon his retirement from Harsco for guiding the successful turnaround and growth of our Rail and Industrial businesses.
It is with great sadness that we also say farewell to Jim Scheiner, who passed away in February 2011 at a too-young age of 66. Jim was a caring, dedicated and conscientious person, one of the finest I’ve ever known. He joined our Harsco Board in 1995, and his passion for the Company was boundless. He will be truly missed.
A New Beginning
As the final page is turned on the highly turbulent period of 2008–2010, the new year brings cautious optimism and new momentum. I am pleased that the restructuring of Harsco Infrastructure is mostly behind us, and we can once again start looking forward. Harsco Rail is expected
Targeting $200 million in free cash flow each year
Generate $1 billion in free cash flow
Potential uses of free cash flow:
  Sizable Joint Venture Capital Expenditures
  Strategic Acquisitions
  Dividends
  Share Repurchases
  Debt Reduction
to continue its strong performance, and we are examining ways to accelerate its growth. The combination of Harsco Metals and Harsco Minerals is already showing benefits, and we are optimistic that this business will be awarded meaningful projects in 2011. And we are also excited about the global expansion of our Harsco Industrial group, which previously was a North America-focused business. Our “OneHarsco” initiative is coming together, and we expect to see our cost structure and break-even points continue to decline as a result over the next five years, particularly as we move into 2012.
We are proud to say throughout Harsco,“We help build the world.” Our expertise in generating knowledge-based solutions positions us for long-term growth in key indus- tries that play a fundamental role in economic progress and global infrastructure development. We eagerly look forward to 2011 and the beginning of a new growth era for Harsco and our shareholders.
Salvatore D. Fazzolari
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 10, 2011
 6 Harsco Corporation 2010 Summary Annual Report
