 We view our 2002 performance as modest progress in a difficult climate. Revenues dipped to just under $2 billion, down approximately two percent from the prior period, reflecting the prevailing market conditions. Operating income from continuing operations improved by $8.2 million in 2002, but after excluding a $19.3 million decrease in net expenses related to restructuring activities, fell below our 2001 performance. Diluted earnings per share increased to $2.21, due principally to decreased provisions for uncollectible accounts relating to customer bankruptcies in the steel sector, lower expenses for restructuring initiatives, decreased interest expense, and a lower effective income tax rate.
We met our objectives for rearming our characteristically strong balance sheet in preparation for our continuing drive for growth. Free cash flow, which consists of cash from operations and asset sales minus capital expenditures and dividends, topped $160 million, virtually doubling our 2001 level. This strong performance enabled us to lower debt by a further $122 million and, consistent with our stated objectives, brought the debt to capital ratio to 44.5 percent, before including a pension adjustment to shareholders' equity. Including this pension adjustment, the debt to capital ratio was 49.8 percent. Since peaking in July 2000 when the SGB Group access services business was acquired, debt has been reduced by $256 million, or 29 percent.
We are not content to sit back and wait for the timing of a still-uncertain economic recovery to sustain our forward momentum.
Solid growth in our international mill services business and success internationally in our railway track maintenance equipment and services unit were tempered by the continued absence of a broad and sustained recovery in several end-markets, particularly domestically, which inhibited our ability to fully realize the year's planned operating performance. The effect of increased pension expenses resulting from the recent multi-year declines in equity market returns and interest rates
diminished earnings and largely offset the accounting elimination of goodwill amortization and the benefits of a more favorable foreign currency translation environment. These increased pension expenses will continue to impact earnings for the foreseeable future. We are aggressively exploring measures to mitigate these additional costs.
 2 HARSCO CORPORATION 2002 ANNUAL REPORT
Report to Stockholders
 
  We are not content to sit back and wait for the timing of a still-uncertain economic recovery to sustain our forward momentum. We are giving attention to permanent cost reductions throughout our businesses, and are striving for measurable margin improvement. Where necessary, we are restructuring and reorganizing operations for better market efficiency and results.
Our first full year under the formal Economic Value Added (EVA¨) system has been encouraging. There is an increased discipline being demonstrated throughout our operations toward the more efficient use of capital. The average capital employed across our four market sectors is being reduced, and we look forward to steady improvement as our EVA culture takes deeper root. The incentive compensation of all senior managers is now tied directly to EVA performance.
In 2003, we expect to generate over 55 percent of our revenues internationally and continue to grow our strong industrial services businesses to a projected 70 percent of total revenues. Our objectives include building upon our solid platform of market-leading positions and using our cash flows to accelerate a number of strategic growth initiatives in our leading sectors.
The recent declaration of our 10th dividend increase in the past 11 years confirms our understanding of our stockholders' requirements and interests as well as our continued confidence in Harsco's ongoing cash generation capabilities.
Creation of value for our stockholders is the primary objective of the Harsco Board of Directors and management team. We appreciate the commitment and support of all those who join in our efforts.
Derek C. Hathaway
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 6, 2003
  HARSCO CORPORATION 2002 ANNUAL REPORT 3
