Fellow shareholders:
 PATRICK K. DECKER
president and Chief executive officer
I’m excited to lead a company of Harsco’s caliber. We serve important end markets that are essential to economic growth, and we’re well-positioned
to expand our reach into additional geographies and adjacent new markets. We offer customers compelling value propositions based on delivering Insight OnsiteTM. Our high-quality workforce approaches each day with pride and commitment—and is eager to excel as part of a winning team. There’s also tremendous opportunity ahead to take full advantage of Harsco’s recent capital investments and unlock additional value throughout the company.
It’s equally clear that the last four years have brought many changes to Harsco. our people have worked hard and made big sacrifices to support a series of restructuring initiatives. they’ve also been asked to embrace a number of ambitious enterprise-wide programs. previous experience has taught me that change of this magnitude can be agonizing—
especially for organizations that have never undertaken large-scale transformation.
It’s time to simplify our approach. We will tap into what is great about Harsco and elevate its performance by doing three things: Focus, align, and execute.
Harsco Corporation 2012 summary annual report 1

First Impressions: A Solid Foundation
six months into my tenure, I’ve formed positive impressions about how we can build on our company’s solid foundation to achieve its full potential. I began with a period of active listening, where I visited numerous sites around the
world and met with Harsco colleagues, customers and partners. I’m especially encouraged by the energy and commitment of our worldwide colleagues. Despite several years of difficult challenges, people on our front lines have cultivated intimate, long-term customer relationships. these relationships underpin Harsco’s competitive advantage—and present a significant barrier to entry for prospective rivals.
under Interim Chairman and Ceo Henry Knueppel, Harsco’s management team established key strategic focus areas that are essential to our future: customer centricity, continuous improvement, innovation, employee engagement and value creation. they also made measurable progress toward building a world-class safety architecture and instilling greater operational discipline. these timeless principles are fundamental to a winning culture.
We also have a solid and resilient financial profile to build upon, and both the determination and discipline to invest capital wisely in order to significantly improve our financial returns. under tough economic conditions throughout this past year, our aggressive actions to streamline Harsco’s cost structure and instill more capital discipline helped us generate $60 million in free cash flow, more than double our 2011 result. this improvement also enabled us to sustain our dividend—a proud Harsco tradition that spans nearly
75 years. While these are certainly encouraging signs, we recognize that we have a lot of work to do to build a lasting culture of excellence.
The Path Forward: Focus, Align, Execute
our people clearly understand and embrace our need to return to basics and improve our financial returns. yet our vision extends well beyond short-term measures. together, we can build Harsco into a recognized industry leader with a balanced, diversified portfolio of vital services and equipment that ties directly to the world’s major economic trends. By investing in our people, we’ll open new channels for sharing ideas and technologies. our thought leadership will make
us increasingly valuable to both current and potential customers. this is especially relevant to our expansion in the world’s most rapidly developing markets, where our expertise can accelerate vital industrial progress. as one example, we’re applying our breakthrough resource recovery solutions at two of China’s largest steelmakers to address critical customer needs and pressing environmental challenges.
We will concentrate our resources on a handful of high-impact initiatives that create value for customers and make Harsco
a stronger and better company. We will align our organization around more focused strategies and build efficient, integrated processes to support them. and together, we will drive execution by establishing basic goals and objectives, attacking them with urgency and driving accountability.
Customer Focus. as our first priority, we will recommit ourselves to Harsco’s greatest strength—our ability to deliver Insight onsite, which is our expression for turning our unmatched insight, expertise and talent into focused onsite solutions. We want customers around the world to view us
as a respected source of new ideas, technologies and best practices. We will embrace a culture of continuous learning that encourages and rewards excellence through lean and six sigma principles. We will invite customers at every level to tell us exactly what they need from us to help them do what they do better, faster and safer. and we will be industry leaders in bringing new products, services and solutions to the market.
2 Harsco Corporation 2012 summary annual report

Capital Management. It’s clear to me that Harsco cannot continue to restructure its way to profitability. that being said, we continue to reduce the capital intensity of our two largest businesses. and we must simplify our structure
and processes to increase our speed of service and lower our operating costs. as we do, we will strike the right balance between permanent cost reduction and preserving vital investment in innovation; new product and service development; and sales and marketing. By increasing our focus on working capital and cash management, we will be able to channel more of our capital toward the ideas that will shape our future and improve returns to our shareholders.
Safety and Environmental Protection. our people regularly work in demanding environments, and safeguarding them has always been a core Harsco value. But when it comes to safety and environmental responsibility, there is always room to improve. to create an enduring safety culture, we need to look beyond incident rates and recordable injuries. our focus on reducing risk, conducting regular safety assessments, ensuring “near miss” reporting and measuring incident response times will demonstrate to everyone that safety is serious business within Harsco. Going forward,
we will expand our current programs to further conserve resources and protect the environment.
Outlook for 2013 and Beyond
I’m encouraged by the early progress we’ve made to strengthen Harsco’s core competencies, and we will build on this success in 2013. that means growing the multi- business presence we’ve established in rapidly developing markets such as China, India, Brazil and the middle east. It means re-establishing the positive momentum of our Infrastructure business and moving metals & minerals toward higher-margin resource recovery services. It means advancing rail’s customer-focused innovation and global expansion. and it means following our Industrial group’s
customers to new markets and continuing to lead with pacesetting innovation. I encourage you to learn more about our performance and prospects by visiting our online annual report at www.annualreport.harsco.com.
I’m confident that Harsco will emerge from the rough patch we’ve endured to offer our global customers superior value propositions and our shareholders an attractive financial return. I saw the power of Harsco’s capabilities at work during a recent visit to Vale’s massive iron ore mining operations in Brazil. I was impressed by the seamless teamwork between our track maintenance crew and Vale’s railway operations. these tracks move the world’s largest freight trains across more than 500 miles of inland terrain
to shipping ports on the northeastern coast. our track grinding equipment and onsite support have virtually eliminated rail breaks caused by deterioration of rail profiles, with consequent improvement in traffic flow.
Harsco’s future will depend on a culture that enables both small improvements and major breakthroughs. Guided
by a focused set of values that will become the Harsco Way, we will simplify what we’re doing, return to basics and concentrate on improving our financial returns. In the process, Harsco will reward investors for their confidence, give employees genuine opportunities to grow and make a real difference to our customers and to the environment.
PATRICK K. DECKER
president and Chief executive officer march 8, 2013
 Harsco Corporation 2012 summary annual report 3
