                                         TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
  “Healthcare is historically more resistant to macroeconomic challenges.”
By any measure, 2008 was a challenging year for corporations around the world, particularly those operating in the United States. Henry Schein was not immune to these challenges, although our Company fared better than most. Healthcare is historically more resistant to macroeconomic challenges.
Henry Schein is strategically and geographically diversified, operationally efficient and customer focused, making us more resilient to these turbulent times. Our financial results for 2008 clearly illustrate this fact.
2008 Financial Results
Our 2008 record net sales of $6.4 billion represent an increase of 8.3% compared with 2007. This increase includes 7.5%
local currency growth (1.3% internally generated and 6.2% from acquisitions) and 0.8% related to foreign currency exchange. Excluding sales of certain lower-margin pharmaceutical products that we discontinued selling in 2008, internal net sales growth
in local currencies was 3.6%.
Our income from continuing operations for 2008 was
$251.0 million, or $2.75 per diluted share. Excluding certain one-time charges1, income from continuing operations for 2008 was $270.0 million, or $2.96 per diluted share, reflecting growth of 14.4% and 14.3%, respectively, compared with 2007.
Our operating margin excluding certain one-time charges for 2008 was 6.9%, an increase of 35 basis points, which is in line with our stated Company goal for annual operating margin expansion. We also generated record operating cash flow of $384.6 million for the year.
Growth during 2008 continued to be enhanced by strategic acquisitions, which included:
• Minerva Dental, a full-service dental distributor in the U.K., which strengthens our presence in the U.K. dental equipment market;
• Noviko, the leading distributor of animal health supplies in the Czech Republic, the addition of which we believe makes Henry Schein the largest Pan-European animal health distributor;
• DNA Anthos Impianti, which adds national equipment sales and service capabilities to Henry Schein’s offering in Italy;
• Medka, a full-service provider of medical consumables, equipment and technical services in Germany, which complements our current German operations;
• ABC Group of Companies, a Hong Kong-based dental equipment and merchandise distributor that extends our presence in the growing Chinese dental market;
• Sirona Ibérica, a distribution subsidiary of Sirona Dental Systems, which enhances our offering of capital equipment and technology-driven products in Spain; and
• Ortho Organizers, a California-based orthodontics manufacturer and distributor.
1 Third quarter 2008 charge related to the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy ($0.03 per diluted share after tax) and fourth quarter 2008 restructuring costs ($0.18 per diluted share after tax).
 4

                                          Resiliency, Reinvention and Relevancy
The resiliency of a company during challenging times is largely based on its ability to reinvent itself and become more relevant to customers. Henry Schein’s continued success will come through our commitment to more effectively help our customers meet growing practice challenges.
Our mission is to help our customers run more efficient and profitable practices as they provide patients the highest standards of patient care. By continuously answering our customers’ most important question—“How can Henry Schein help me thrive during this unstable economic time?”—we are determined to become even more relevant to the success of our customers’ practices.
Relevancy begins by listening to our customers. In 2008,
we launched the inaugural Henry Schein Survey of Healthcare Practitioners, in which we asked our dental, medical and animal health customers for their opinions on a number of topics.
The number one “top of mind” issue that emerged was that
our customers are forced to spend more time managing practices at the expense of providing patient care (52% medical, 42% animal health and 41% dental). Additionally, our customers remain committed to incorporating new technology in their practices, with nearly 9 of 10 customers surveyed saying that technology will play an increasingly important role. Environmental consequences also are influencing practices, and we saw a sustained commitment to volunteer activity across all three customer groups.
“Helping Health Happen”
Henry Schein is “helping health happen®” in a number
of ways, including helping our customers with financing. Through Henry Schein Financial Services, a strategic advantage for our Company, we can help ensure that customers have competitive financing options for their patients and their practices, making it easier to purchase equipment and technology—driving practice success now and in the future.
In 2008, we helped more than 11,000 Henry Schein customers in the United States enhance their practices with financing options through third parties, at no credit risk to us.
We also are providing value to our customers through
our nearly 20,000 proprietary Henry Schein brand products, many of which have a leading market share in their respective categories. These high-quality products come with the
Henry Schein Seal of Excellence, which guarantees satisfaction to our customers.
We also will continue to meet our commitment to our other four constituencies. Our supplier partners are relying on us
to develop a trusted relationship with our customers, offering our suppliers’ products as solutions to practice needs.
Our investors expect us to take all necessary steps to improve our organizational efficiency and build market share, so
we will continue to grow, be profitable and provide a good return on investment. The more than 12,500 members
of Team Schein will be crucial to the reinvention of our Company if we are to take advantage of the opportunities resulting from the enormous economic changes we are now experiencing. And, our Company’s ongoing vitality will enable us to continue to participate in innovative public-private partnerships that give back to society and address important healthcare issues, many of which become more acute during times of economic challenge.
For our efforts through Henry Schein Cares, our global social responsibility program, we are proud that Henry Schein has been named “Most Admired” in our industry in FORTUNE’s
list of the World’s Most Admired Companies, and ranked number one in our industry in social responsibility for five consecutive years. Through flagship programs such as
Give Kids A Smile and Healthy Children, Healthy Lifestyles,
“Henry Schein’s continued success will come through our commitment to more effectively help our customers meet growing practice challenges.”
5

                                            The wide range of Henry Schein Cares programs—including (from left to right) Give Kids A Smile, Holiday Cheer for Children, Back to School, and Healthy Children, Healthy Lifestyles—are helping to enhance healthcare advocacy and education; increase access to care; strengthen community wellness programs; and further humanitarian relief and disaster response.
through our core donation program, and through partnerships with other companies, academia, government and non-govern- mental organizations, we are supporting a wide range of initiatives that enhance healthcare advocacy and education; increase access to care among underserved populations; strengthen community wellness programs and volunteer activities; and further humanitarian relief and disaster response. To continue to expand the impact of our social responsibility programs, in 2008 we began the process of creating the
Henry Schein Cares Foundation.
Shared Commitment and Optimism
As we face today’s challenges and opportunities, Henry Schein’s senior leadership is resolved to take the steps necessary to ensure the long-term vitality of our Company,
and all Team Schein Members are committed to our shared vision. We share a sense of optimism based on our Company’s financial strength, values, strong partnerships, ideal markets and strategic focus on the future.
We have an outstanding business and a solid balance sheet. The markets we serve remain fragmented, with about one-half of them in the hands of smaller competitors. With nearly
$370 million in cash and equivalents, low debt levels, positive cash flow and an unused $400 million five-year credit facility, we are in a very strong financial position to implement our strategic plan and to seize new business opportunities, while at the same time, we continue to focus on expense reduction and margin management.
There is a growing demand for office-based healthcare services driven by baby boomers and emerging markets,
as well as the potential that government policy, especially in the United States, will expand access to care. Henry Schein is well positioned to arrange for customer financing during this time of limited access to credit. And we remain committed to the five constituencies of our Company’s mosaic of success: our customers, supplier partners, investors, Team Schein,
and society.
These facts, coupled with our entrepreneurial Team Schein culture, make our Company more resilient in turbulent times and position us well to take advantage of emerging opportunities. Without question, this is a remarkable time—a time that requires reinvention and increased relevancy for our Company, as well as consistent expense management—but Henry Schein continues to be well positioned, and I remain convinced that our best years are yet to come. On behalf of our Board of Directors
and my Team Schein colleagues, we thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
            6
