            A MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
During 2014, Henry Schein delivered solid financial performance across each of our business groups and demonstrated that our strategic priorities are enabling us to invest for profitable growth. Our position of acting as a trusted advisor to our customers and supplier partners continues to drive our success. Our customers “Rely on Us” because we provide a wide selection of products, value-added services and solutions, along with expert advice and support for their evolving needs. Our strategy is built upon the strength of our trusted relationships.
2014 marked the culmination of our three-year strategic plan aimed at expanding our geographic operations, enhancing our commitment to global corporate social responsibility, and refining our strategic focus for the future. The results reflect the commitment of Team Schein Members across the globe embracing and driving that strategy. Specifically, during that three-year period, we entered five new countries, strengthening our position as a leading global provider of
value-added solutions for our customers. We successfully added more than 30 companies and more than 2,500 Team Schein Members. We reorganized to align our interests among three global vertical business groups and strengthened our market position as the number one global dental distributor, the top global animal health distributor, the second-largest physician and alternate-care distributor, and the number one global practice management solutions provider.
From a financial perspective, 2014 net sales increased by 8.5% to $10.4 billion, exceeding the $10 billion threshold for the first time. Operating cash flow and free cash flow of $592.5 million and $510.4 million, respectively, both exceeded net income, which is one of our longstanding financial goals. Diluted earnings per share of $5.44 set a record, and increased 9.9% when adjusted for non-GAAP items in 2013*. We also repurchased $300 million of our common stock, in line with our annual share repurchase goal.
This strong financial performance was also evident by the progress among our four global business groups, each of which gained market share during 2014 and posted record sales. Dental sales reached $5.4 billion, up 7.7% over the previous year, and Animal Health sales increased 11.5% to $2.9 billion. Medical sales were up 6.1% to $1.7 billion, while Technology and Value-Added Services sales were $348.9 million, up 9.0%.
 Henry Schein’s financial success fueled the Company’s climb up the ranks of the FORTUNE 500® list of America’s largest companies by revenue. The Company now ranks number 292 on the FORTUNE 500, having debuted on the list in 2004 at number 497. In recent months, we were pleased to be selected as a component of the S&P 500® index, widely considered a leading indicator of U.S. equity trading.
#292 ON FORTUNE 500 LIST OF AMERICA’S LARGEST COMPANIES
 Last year, we further expanded Henry Schein’s operations geographically and strategically. We entered Japan, the world’s second-largest dental market, with an investment in Iwase Dental Supply, and we established operations in South America with an investment in Dental Speed Graph in Brazil. We now have operations or affiliates in 29 countries on six continents.
* See reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP measures on page 12.
HENRY SCHEIN 2014

            A MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
We made important investments and significantly expanded our dental distribution and dental laboratory presence in France and the Benelux countries, expanded our animal health business in Europe with the acquisition of Medivet in Poland, and increased our dental laboratory business in North America with the acquisition of Lincoln Dental Supply. Henry Schein Medical entered into a strategic agreement with athenahealth to provide physicians with electronic health records, patient communications, and other services. Henry Schein Animal Health acquired a majority interest in SmartPak, which provides equine supplements and horse
supplies, and we formed strategic relationships with Abaxis, Heska and Antech to bring diagnostic products to U.S. veterinary practices. We recently completed the acquisition of scil animal care, a distributor of animal health
laboratory and imaging diagnostic products and services to veterinarians primarily in North America and Europe, which was a significant step forward in expanding our diagnostics product offering.
We opened new, state-of-the-art facilities with our Medcare South building in the United Kingdom, our Henry Schein Animal Health building in Lexington, Kentucky, and our Henry Schein Practice Solutions headquarters in American Fork, Utah, which features a “Center of Excellence” equipped with advanced digital dental equipment and technology that is also used to provide care to underserved members of that community.
Among the more significant developments of the year, we acquired Cardinal Health’s physician office business and entered into a strategic supply agreement with the company. This agreement is designed to provide one of the most comprehensive service and product offerings to office-based medical practices and Integrated Delivery Networks across the United States, and underscores our longstanding
commitment to serving the needs of a quickly changing medical market. We are in the process of consolidating Cardinal Health’s 180-member physician office-focused commercial organization into Henry Schein’s Medical business, adding service to more than 25,000 physician office locations nationwide and more than $300 million in annual revenue.
In 2014, we also strengthened our corporate governance by welcoming two new Directors. Dr. Dianne Rekow, Dean of King’s College London Dental Institute, joined our Board in June; and Dr. Lawrence Bacow, former Tufts University President, MIT Professor and a long-time Harvard University scholar, joined our Board in December.
We believe a critical component of our success is tied to serving society and “doing well by doing good.” Henry Schein continues to be recognized for its strong commitment to corporate social responsibility and the work we are doing around the world through Henry Schein Cares, our corporate social responsibility program. In early 2015, FORTUNE announced that
we ranked first in our industry
on the magazine’s list of the
World’s Most Admired
Companies, our 14th
consecutive year on this list.
We also ranked first in every
one of the nine sub-categories,
including social responsibility. In addition, the Ethisphere Institute named Henry Schein to its list of the World’s Most Ethical Companies for the fourth year in a row. Most recently, Henry Schein was named to the Forbes list of one of “America’s Best Employers.”
Throughout 2014, I traveled to Henry Schein facilities around the world and met with thousands of Team Schein Members. During those meetings, we discussed the importance of enhancing engagement with our five constituencies, which has been central to our sustained success: our supplier partners, who view Henry Schein as a strong global
  HENRY SCHEIN 2014

            A MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
organization with proven success in growing market share; our customers, who appreciate that we are a valued source for innovative, integrated solutions that include products, services, equipment, technology,
expert advice, and support; Team Schein, our Company’s greatest asset; our investors, who trust Henry Schein to continue to deliver reliable financial results year after year; and society, which we serve through our many Henry Schein Cares activities around the world.
It is important that we continually find new ways to strengthen the relationships that are important to our business. To our customers, Henry Schein strives to be a trusted advisor. We want to be a long-term partner in building our customers’ practices — understanding and aligning with their needs, and helping practitioners to grow beyond their expectations.
We firmly believe that our engagement with and dedication to serving the full spectrum of our key constituents furthers our long-term success. As part of this commitment, Henry Schein is a “Higher Ambition” company that focuses on earning the respect and trust of our team, customers, supplier partners, society and investors as the foundation for our success in the marketplace. Ultimately, we believe that Higher Ambition companies simultaneously create long-term economic value, generate wider benefits for society, and build robust social capital within their organization all at once.
In this time of rapid change in the markets we serve, we have positioned Henry Schein to successfully navigate health care reform, demographic shifts, continued customer consolidation, and other market transitions. From Henry Schein’s long history of effective reinvention, we know first-hand the companies that anticipate and adapt to market change are the ones that thrive. We will continue our reinvention by investing in new product categories, new geographies,
Forward looking statements made in this report are subject to the reservations specified in the Safe Harbor statement noted in the Company’s 10-K filing.
new markets, new customer sets, and new technology solutions, as well as in the professional development of Team Schein Members. In these ways, we will seek to position Henry Schein for new heights of success.
Now we have embarked upon our next three-year strategic plan, holding steadfast to our vision of helping practitioners improve the efficiency of their practices so they can focus on providing quality patient
care. We continue to build
trusted relationships with our
global supplier partners by
enhancing their brand value
and helping to drive their
share of the market. Our
customers rely upon our
world-class delivery capabilities, product expertise, technological offerings, and value-added solutions that improve their patients’ experience. We have healthy cash flows to invest in our future and expand our position in the market. And most importantly, we have the support of Team Schein Members across the globe, all of whom are dedicated first and foremost to providing the best service to our customers.
With this vision, and with a team dedicated to delivering on our commitments, I believe Henry Schein’s best years are yet to come. On behalf of our Board of Directors and my Team Schein colleagues, thank you for your continued support of our Company and thank you for continuing to “Rely on Us.”
Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
April 2015
              HENRY SCHEIN 2014
