     Seventy-five years ago,
in the middle of the Great Depression, Henry and Esther Schein founded our Company as a small pharmacy in Queens, New York. Their business philosophy, commitment to their customers and employees, and willingness to adapt their business to take advantage of new opportunities drove our Company’s early success and laid the foundation for the decades of growth that followed.
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
However, it is likely that even their optimistic vision for what Henry Schein could become fell short of the reality that we have been able to achieve: a multinational FORTUNE 500® company that is the largest distributor of healthcare products and services to office-based dental, medical, and veterinary practitioners in the combined North American and European markets.
It has been a remarkable journey, and as we reach this milestone 75th anniversary, it is appropriate to reflect on and celebrate our past success. As you will see in this Annual Report, the history of our Company has been marked by innovation that has helped reshape our industry and the
1
healthcare professions that we serve; reinvention of our Company to take advantage of changing markets and emerging areas of opportunity; sustained growth in every facet of our Company; commitment to meeting our customers’ many practice needs; and preservation of our unique values-based culture, a legacy of our founders.
Celebrating Our Success – 2006
Our most recent year was also our most successful. In 2006, we posted record net sales of $5.15 billion, an increase of 11.2% over the prior year, including 10.6% growth in local currencies. Our operating margin expanded by 24 basis points over 2005, while income
 HENRY SCHEIN
   
   “On a long journey such as ours, a significant milestone such as
from continuing operations increased by 21.3% and earnings per diluted share from continuing operations grew by 19.3%. Each of our four business groups posted market share gains for the year with sales of $2.14 billion for Dental, $1.52 billion for Medical (including Animal Health), $1.4 billion for International, and $98 million for Technology.
These financial results were supported by many operational achievements throughout the year, with the continued implementation of global corporate programs in human resources, information technology, inventory management, distribution and other key operational areas.
In 2006, our Company continued to grow through several strategic acquisitions: NLS Animal Health, a full-service animal health distribution business, which significantly enhanced our presence in the U.S. veterinary market; Darby Medical Supply, which provides medical supplies and pharmaceuticals to U.S. medical practices; Island Dental, a full-service U.S. distributor of dental merchandise and equipment; Darby Dental Laboratory Supply, a distributor that has been serving the U.S. dental lab community for more than 50 years; and Provet Holding AG, the leading animal health distributor in Switzerland, which greatly expanded our European Animal Health operations.
2
We added new products to our growing list of exclusive offerings: state-of-the-art dental radiography products from Imaging Sciences International, including the i-CATTM Cone Beam 3-D Imaging System; the complete line of BIOLASE® dental laser systems, including the Waterlase MDTM, the industry’s leading “all-tissue” dental laser system; and the Milestone Single Tooth AnesthesiaTM system.
We celebrated several public achievements during the year. Henry Schein climbed to the FORTUNE 500 list and is now number 438. We have been included in the FORTUNE list of America’s Most Admired Companies for three consecutive years, and each
 HENRY SCHEIN

                                75 years is not a final destination, but simply a chance to reflect...”
of those years the Company has led our industry in social responsibility. In 2006, we were designated as one of only 12 “turbocharged” companies on FORBES Platinum list based on our multi-year double-digit growth in sales and earnings per share. Henry Schein is now included in NASDAQ’s highest listing tier–the NASDAQ Global Select Market. And in 2006, we were pleased to celebrate 15 years of operations in the United Kingdom, Spain and the Netherlands.
The year was marked by further expansion of Henry Schein CaresTM, our global social responsibility program that is “helping health happen.” The activities we supported during 2006 helped enhance
healthcare advocacy and education; increase access to care among underserved populations; strengthen community wellness programs; and prepare for and respond to disasters. These initiatives ranged from high- profile access to care programs (such as Give Kids A Smile and Healthy Children, Healthy Lifestyles) to community-based initiatives (such as the Back to School program in the United States and Canada, and Crisis at Christmas in the United Kingdom), and from product support for healthcare missions to Africa to humanitarian relief around the world (through Medshare International, Direct Relief International and the International Medical Corps).
3
Focused On Our Future
In addition to these many activities, we looked forward during the year as we started our 2007-2009 strategic plan. We reaffirmed our commitment to provide our customers with a consistently superior experience through innovative solutions to practice issues enabling the best quality patient care, and practice efficiency and success. To achieve this, we will share best practices and services across borders and functions; we will remain a technology leader and consistently deliver superior integrated solutions to meet our customers’ practice needs; we will become trusted advisors to the more than 500,000 customers we serve
 75 YEARS OF SUCCESS
 
  “We are certain that the road we are on is a positive path forward and confident that our best years lie ahead.”
around the world; we will clearly define and communicate our Henry Schein global brand; and we will ensure that Team Schein–now more than 11,000 members strong– continues to be our greatest asset through recruitment and professional development.
On a long journey such as ours, a significant milestone such as 75 years is not a final destination, but simply a chance to reflect and to look ahead at the road not yet traveled. We are confident that Henry Schein is in the right markets at the right time. We are a well-diversified industry leader in healthy, technology-driven, recession-
resistant markets. Team Schein will continue to grow, and Team Schein Members will remain committed to providing our customers with excellent service. Collectively we will preserve the values-based culture that distinguishes our Company and has been the foundation of our success. We will continue to give back to society through Henry Schein CaresTM, expanding this commitment as our Company continues to grow. And we will embrace change, as we have done throughout our Company’s history, strategically reinventing Henry Schein as necessary to remain a strong, forward-looking industry leader well into the future.
4
We are certain that the road we are on is a positive path forward and confident that our best years lie ahead. On behalf of our Board of Directors and my Team Schein colleagues, we are delighted that you are our companions on this exciting journey, and we thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
             HENRY SCHEIN
   