To Our Stockholders,
2004 was another strong year for Henry Schein,
reflecting success with a business strategy that includes market-share gains through internal growth complemented by strategic acquisitions.
It was a year of further innovation in the products and services we offer, a year of expansion through strategically important acquisitions, and another year of clear focus on serving our customers and providing solutions to the challenges faced by healthcare practitioners. The year also was one of solid top-line growth, achieving sales that placed our Company into the FORTUNE 500® for the second consecutive year.
Financial Results and Company Growth
During 2004 we posted record net sales of
$4.1 billion, an increase of 21.1% from 2003.
In local currencies, our sales rose 19.0%, including
Net income from continuing operations for the year was $128 million. This was down 8.1% from 2003 due to the absence of Fluvirin sales in 2004. Excluding a one-time charge related to the Fluvirin contract (see “Reconciliation of Certain Operating Results” on page 13), net income from continuing operations was down 1.8% compared with 2003. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations for 2004 were $1.43, down 7.7% (down 1.3% excluding one-time charges related to the Fluvirin contract) over the prior year earnings per share from continuing operations.
In addition to solid internal net sales growth,
we grew our revenues and our organization by acquisition. Team Schein expanded to nearly 10,000 members with operations in 19 countries, with much of the increase coming from strategic purchases completed during 2004 and early 2005. The largest of these included: Demedis GmbH,
  Chairman’s
letter to stockholders
 7.5% internal growth. Sales for our Dental Group in 2004 were a record $1.6 billion. This represents a 17.4% increase over 2003,
or 16.9% in local currencies, of which 14.1% was internally generated.
Our Medical Group posted record sales for 2004 of $1.4 billion, 8.1% higher than 2003, with internal growth accounting for 1.0%. Medical Group sales were adversely affected by the well- publicized absence of Fluvirin® influenza vaccine due to supplier manufacturing issues. Henry Schein is the primary distributor of Fluvirin to the U.S. market. Excluding the $130.2 million Fluvirin sales impact from 2003 results, Medical sales increased 19.7% over 2003, of which 11.9% was internally generated.
International Group sales in 2004 were a record $928 million, growing by 61.0% in U.S. dollars.
In local currencies international sales rose 50.0%, including 6.5% internal growth. Technology Group sales were a record $84 million, an increase of 12.5% over 2003, 10.4% of which was internally generated.
the leading distributor of dental consumables and equipment in Germany and the Benelux countries, which furthered our strategy of being a full-service, high-value provider of products and services to European dentists; KRUGG S.p.A., Italy’s premier distributor of consumable dental supplies, which provided us entré into Europe’s second-largest dental market and advanced our Pan-European strategy; the 2005 acquisition of the Canadian full-service dental distributor Ash Temple Limited, which doubled our field sales force in Canada and positioned us as the leading dental distribution company in that country; and Barton-Cyker Dental Supply, which strengthened our dental presence in the Northeast region of the United States.
Our Role in a Rapidly Changing World
We operate in an environment that changes rapidly, yet presents numerous opportunities in the healthcare segments we serve. Medical advancements are extending life expectancy, and an aging population is increasingly utilizing healthcare services. In the United States, life
   
expectancy at birth has increased to 77.4 years, and by 2020 the number of people over the age of 45 is expected to increase by more than 30%. People are increasingly interested in maintaining their health, and as the population ages, many are devoting more of their personal resources
to doing so. Dental service expenditures are expected to increase 5% in each of the next
five years, driven by increased dental insurance coverage and a greater emphasis on cosmetic dentistry. In the medical arena, demand for physician and clinical services is expected to rise more than 6% in each of the next five years. This is good news for our dental and medical customers, and for our Company because our diverse business allows us to benefit from these numerous trends and advancements.
Yet in the midst of these positive trends, we
practitioners to relate to patients from specific cultures.
Solutions for these complex issues will require broad-based, public-private partnerships.
As the largest distributor of healthcare products and services to office-based practitioners in North America and Europe, we believe that our Company plays a particularly important role in the continuum of care, and can assume a central role in addressing these issues. We help make health happen. Our size, geographic reach, breadth of product and service offerings, dedication to customer service, and commitment to corporate social responsibility set us apart from other companies.
Because of the increasing demand for healthcare services, we believe it is our role and obligation to help our customers operate a more efficient and
To this end, in 2004 we entered the dental implant category through the strategic acquisition of Camlog Holding AG of Switzerland, and began to build the market position of the top-notch Camlog product line in the United States.
We extended our portfolio in the porcelain and composite markets by becoming the exclusive distributor of dental laboratory products for Pentron Laboratory Technologies LLC. We were named the exclusive distributor for Colgate’s professional products to dental offices. We also became the exclusive distributor of dental products using Ondine Biopharma’s PhotoDynamic Disinfection technology, and are awaiting FDA approval of the first product using this technology for the periodontal disease market. We expanded our global relationship with Sirona Dental Systems and became an authorized dealer of their full line of imaging, operatory and handpiece products in
  2004
net sales of $4.1 billion
 face meaningful healthcare challenges.
Many underserved populations do not enjoy the same access to care or medical information as do other segments of our society. In addition, as the United States continues the demographic shift that will move fully one-half of the nation’s population from minority to in aggregate majority status by 2050, racial diversity in the healthcare professions lags far behind. This problem was examined in depth by the Sullivan Commission on Diversity in the Healthcare Workforce, chaired by former U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services Louis W. Sullivan, M.D., a member of
the Henry Schein board of directors. The Sullivan Commission found that lack of diversity in clinics and hospitals can make medical care uncomfortable, frustrating, or inaccessible for many people, and that this is coming at a cost
to patient health. Further, the number of minority applicants to U.S. medical, nursing and dental schools, and graduates is insufficient to overcome this disparity. Attendant to diversity is the issue of cultural competency, or the ability of healthcare
profitable practice. Our strategic plan provides that we must continue to make strides in transforming our business from that of a pure distributor of products into a full-service provider of integrated products and services. This will enable us to provide the tools for our customers to be more productive, allowing them to treat more patients with the same high quality to which they are accustomed.
Commitment to Our Customers and to Society
Central to this transformation is our core commitment to superior customer service. We strive to be a valuable business partner to our customers. We do this by offering our customers a comprehensive selection of more than 160,000 national and Henry Schein private-brand products, including many product exclusives, as well as important value-added products and services, such as software, electronic claims processing, consultative selling organizations and more.
the United States. We signed an exclusive distribution agreement for D4D’s Evolution 4D,
a leading-edge CAD-CAM dental restoration product. In addition, we continued to provide our customers with the latest technology to enhance the clinical and business sides of their practices, much of which we showcased in the “Tomorrow’s Dental Office – Today!” exhibit
we created in conjunction with the American Dental Association (ADA).
On the Medical side, we have been developing multiple opportunities for sourcing influenza vaccine in future years. We entered into a multi-year distribution agreement with ID Biomedical Corporation for Fluviral® influenza vaccine, and extended our exclusive U.S. distributorship of MedImmune Inc.’s FluMist® intranasal vaccine. During 2004, we also distributed the Sanofi-Pasteur Fluzone® vaccine, and will continue to pursue an expansion of this relationship during 2005 and beyond. We also are in active discussions with other companies seeking approval to sell influenza vaccine in the
  
United States. Our current agreement with Chiron to distribute Fluvirin influenza vaccine expires at the end of the 2005 influenza season. We remain hopeful that Chiron will resume Fluvirin manufacturing in 2005 and that we can complete a new agreement with the company for 2006
and beyond.
Our commitment to our customers extends to philanthropic issues that concern practitioners and the healthcare profession, as well.
Through Henry Schein Cares, our global corporate citizenship program, we strive to address access to care, diversity, cultural competency, and other challenges. As such, we once again served as exclusive provider of professional products for “Give Kids a Smile,” the ADA’s annual one-day initiative to provide underserved children with
free dental treatment. Last year we recruited
As we move forward, we will continue our focus on service, our pursuit of innovation, and our commitment to address today’s important healthcare issues in partnership with our customers. Our goal is to build upon a heritage of growth by providing innovative solutions to healthcare practitioners—a goal that we pursue with great optimism and confidence that our best years are yet to come.
Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
      51 manufacturers and supplied products to
200 clinics nationwide, where 38,000 dental volunteers treated more than one million children. We also are a founding corporate sponsor of the ADA Diversity in Leadership Institute, which seeks to foster leadership training and a mentorship network in the dental community. We partnered with the New York State Dental Association and its Foundation last year to host the first Diversity Meeting and Educational Seminar in New York. We are proud that our commitment in this area has been publicly recognized: in the 2005 “Most Admired” Survey of FORTUNE 500® companies, Henry Schein was ranked number one among our peers for corporate responsibility.
Our favorable outlook for our industry and our Company is reflected in our decision to effect a 2-for-1 stock split, that we completed in February 2005. With this split—our first ever as a publicly traded company—we recognize the value we have created for shareholders, and aim to make equity ownership in Henry Schein more accessible, in particular for individual investors.
Henry Schein Executive Management Committee meeting. v L-R (all pictures): Stanley Komaroff, Stanley Bergman, Steven Paladino,
Mark Mlotek, Leonard David, James Breslawski, Michael Zack, Gerald Benjamin, and Michael Racioppi.
   A young girl in rural Tanzania receives free dental treatment through Henry Schein’s global corporate citizenship program, Henry Schein Cares, which has supported the oral healthcare
outreach efforts of over 70 nonprofit groups providing services to populations in the United States and abroad.
 Henry Schein, Inc. 3
     v
