            A Message from the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
   The values established by Henry and Esther have remained true over all these years and our entrepreneurial culture has adapted as our business has grown.
    2015 was a special year for Henry Schein as we celebrated twenty years as a publicly traded company.
The anniversary of our initial public offering (IPO) was a remarkable milestone in our evolution from the small pharmacy founded by
Henry and Esther Schein
in 1932. They had a vision
of creating a business that
formed deep engagement
with their customers, and
they recognized that their
employees, Team Schein,
were at the heart of their
success. The values
established by Henry and
Esther have remained true over all these years and our entrepreneurial culture has adapted as our business has grown.
Our success over the past twenty years stems from a deep understanding of
industry trends in the markets we serve as well as our ability to capitalize on the opportunities they present. Over that time, Henry Schein has earned a reputation for consistency, reliability and success.
We remain steadfast in
our focus on a business that
is balanced between organic growth and contribution from strategic acquisitions
or joint ventures, which has led to a twenty
year compound annual growth rate of approximately 15% in net sales and in adjusted diluted earnings per share. In addition, Henry Schein has realized 21% compound annual growth in our market
capitalization. Since our IPO, Henry Schein’s share price has outperformed the S&P 500®, NASDAQ Composite and NASDAQ 100® indexes, a testament to our ability to drive business execution and deliver value to our shareholders.**
During the past twenty years, we
have successfully navigated through changing market dynamics and a global recession, and in many ways, we led the change. At the time of our IPO,
we had a presence in nine countries and we served approximately 200,000 customers through what was largely a U.S. catalog-based business supported by telesales representatives. Our
customers were mostly dental practices and we had a small foothold in physician practices and veterinary clinics.
Today, Henry Schein has operations or affiliates
in 33 countries on five continents, and we serve more than one million dental, animal health and
medical practitioners. We have more than 3,700 field sales consultants, whose role has evolved from taking orders to becoming a trusted business advisor. What differentiates us is our focus on consultative services designed to help health care professionals operate efficient practices so they
can focus on delivering the highest quality patient care. These field sales consultants are supported by more than 1,800 telesales representatives worldwide. The number of our distribution centers has increased from eight in 1995 to 61 today, including 40 outside of North America. We would note that the technology used today to keep those centers operating efficiently and with exceptional accuracy did not exist twenty years ago. We are truly a business transformed as a result of our forward thinking, strategic focus and solid execution.
 5

            A Message from the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Perhaps the most fundamental change in our go-to-market strategy over these years has been the evolution of our business model from pure distributor to a value-added solutions provider that clinicians rely on to provide better clinical care and operate more efficient
businesses. Our goal is to provide an integrated solutions network, which requires strong and trustworthy relationships with our customers. Practitioners know they can Rely on UsTM as their long-term partner to understand their needs and to help them grow their practices.
Today’s health care market is rapidly evolving. The passage of the Affordable Care Act changed how the health care system works and the way clinicians practice. Delivering quality care at lower costs requires clinicians to embrace technological solutions that promote better health outcomes and deliver more efficient services. Our extensive knowledge of the health
care market allows us to anticipate change and develop solutions that help our customers navigate this evolving landscape. As trusted advisors to our customers, we are committed to being a valued resource for innovative solutions across the spectrum of products, services, technology and support.
This commitment is evident in our
2015 results. Net sales of $10.6 billion represent 2.5% growth compared
with 2014. Throughout 2015, the U.S. dollar strengthened against most of the world’s major currencies, in particular the euro, and on a constant-currency basis, our sales growth for the year
was 8.4%. Indeed, during 2015, about 35% of our sales came from outside the United States. Our expanding business in Europe, Australia, New Zealand and in emerging geographies speaks to our ability to identify growth opportunities and invest in companies uniquely
positioned to benefit from attractive demographics such as a growing middle class and increasingly diverse populations. This broad international presence sets us apart from our competition, as we are the only pan- European distributor in the dental and animal health markets.
Record adjusted diluted earnings per share in 2015 of $5.96* was up nearly 10% compared with 2014. Operating cash flow for the year of $586.8 million exceeded adjusted net income by
$85.4 million, again achieving one of
our financial goals, and free cash flow was $515.2 million. During the year, we repurchased $300 million of our common stock, or about 2.1 million shares. In recognition of our larger market cap and higher cash flow — and as testament
to confidence in the future — in 2015, our Board of Directors approved an increased authorization of $400 million in our stock-repurchase program.
Continuing our long-standing commitment to organic growth complemented by strategic acquisitions, we believe we gained market share in each of our business groups during 2015. Dental sales reached $5.3 billion, down 1.9% over the previous year, yet up 5.0% in constant currencies. Animal Health sales were $2.9 billion, up 0.8% over 2014 and up 8.4% in constant
currencies. Medical sales were up 18.9% and up 19.7% in constant currencies
to $2.1 billion, while Technology and Value-Added Services sales were $359 million, up 2.8% over 2014 and up 5.3% in constant currencies.
Acquisitions completed during 2015 continued to open new markets and new geographies, while strengthening
our current positions and broadening our product offerings. Henry Schein’s acquisition strategy focuses
on several key elements. In some cases, we seek to further expand our presence geographically, whether in North America, Europe, Australia, New Zealand, Japan or emerging markets. We often acquire companies that are considered fold-in acquisitions where we are adding new customers as well as a team of talented sales people with strong local relationships. Finally, we acquire companies in order to gain access to a key product or service, for instance, adding a software platform in an area where we do not currently have a technology presence.
Last year, we closed on a number of key acquisitions, each of which furthered the success of our worldwide acquisition strategy. Specifically, we built upon our existing Dental business in Italy with
the acquisition of Dental Trey; entered the Nordic region for Animal Health
and expanded our product offering
with our acquisition of Jorgen Kruuse A/S; expanded our Eastern European presence in Animal Health with our investment in Maravet; added Animal Health diagnostics expertise with
the acquisition of scil animal care company GmbH; and, finally, we complemented our existing North American Medical business following the close of our acquisition of Cardinal Health’s physician office business.
   Our goal is to provide an integrated solutions network, which requires strong and trustworthy relationships with our customers.
    6

            A Message from the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
In addition to acquiring this business, we also entered into a multi-year supply agreement with Cardinal Health. This strategic agreement was born out of a vision to offer a seamless solution that supports improved care, increased customer satisfaction and lower costs for acute and non-acute sites of care. We remain optimistic about our ability to win new customers, including at large practices where most of today’s market growth is generated. We believe we are uniquely positioned
to provide broad continuum of care solutions jointly with Cardinal Health.
As we mark twenty years as a public company, I’m reminded of a famous quote from the Greek philosopher Heraclitus: “Change is the only constant in life.” While we are most pleased with our accomplishments since becoming a public company, we will not — indeed, we cannot — rest on our laurels.
The pace of innovation at our supplier partners is truly impressive, to say nothing about the evolution and growth of our customers and changes in the delivery and payment of health care. We intend to continue playing a critical role in bringing innovative solutions to our customers and leveraging advances in products and services across geographies.
There are many markets where
Henry Schein has earned a position
of leadership and others where we see tremendous opportunity.
It is the combination of geographic expansion, deeper market penetration, an unmatched product offering and
an unwavering commitment to our customers that we believe forms the cornerstone of our future success.
We have the vision, the talent and the capital so we are well positioned for
the future to be every bit as exciting
and potentially as rewarding as the
past twenty years have been. I would like to thank our over 19,000 Team Schein Members for their dedication and tireless efforts and our manufacturing partners for their ongoing support. Finally, on behalf of our Board of Directors, I thank you for your
continued support of our Company. Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
(As of April 2016)
Forward-looking statements made in this report are subject to the reservations specified in the Safe Harbor statement noted in the Company’s Form 10-K filing.
* See reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP measures on page 12.
** Stock performance when normalized to compare securities/indexes by percentage change given the same 100% base level at initial point of measure.
   We have the vision, the talent and the capital so we are well positioned for the future to be every bit as exciting and potentially as rewarding as the past twenty years have been.
                     #287 FORTUNE® 500 Ranking of the Largest U.S. Corporations
A
FORTUNE®
World’s Most Admired Company
RANKED #1
In Wholesalers: Health Care Industry
An
ETHISPHERE® INSTITUTE World’s Most Ethical Company
COMPONENT OF NASDAQ 100® and
S&P 500® Indexes
Industry Recognition
  15th consecutive year.
5th consecutive year.
7
 