In 2007, our 75th year of operations, we celebrated our commitment to the five constituencies that have led
to this important business milestone and our ongoing success—our investors, customers, Team Schein,
supplier partners and society. This steadfast commitment helped make 2007 the most successful year in
our Company’s history.
Record Results and Innovation
Our commitment to our investors was seen in the record
financial results we posted for the year. Our net sales for
2007 reached a record $5.9 billion, an increase of 17.3%
over the prior year. This increase includes 14.3% local
currency growth (7.3% internally generated and 7.0% from
acquisitions, net of divestiture) and 3.0% related to foreign
currency exchange. Income from continuing operations
for 2007 was $235 million, or $2.58 per diluted share, an
increase of 28.6% and 27.1%, respectively, compared with
2006. Each of our four business groups posted double-digit
sales gains for the year with net sales of $2.46 billion for
Dental, $1.56 billion for Medical (including Animal Health),
$1.77 billion for International, and $132 million for Technology.
Additionally we achieved many operational milestones
throughout the year, with the continued implementation of
global corporate programs in human resources, information
technology, inventory management, distribution and other
key areas. We rolled out innovative programs to leverage our
strengths, and our use of technology was recognized publicly
as Henry Schein ranked 81st in InformationWeek’s Most
Innovative Business Technology Companies.
Growth
Our Company added important new resources to better serve
our customers and expand Team Schein, our greatest asset,
to more than 12,000 members. We acquired the full-service
and special markets business of Becker-Parkin Dental Supply,
increasing our dental penetration in several important U.S.
markets. W&J Dunlop Ltd., a leading supplier of animal
health products and services to animal health clinics in
the United Kingdom, joined the Henry Schein family of
companies. We also acquired Software of Excellence
International Ltd., a New Zealand-based supplier of
dental practice management systems and software in the
United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand.
Strong partnerships with our suppliers resulted in a growing
number of important product exclusives and semi-exclusives,
which now include the Camlog™ dental implant system;
Colgate® Oral Care Products; DEXIS®
digital radiography
products; i-CAT™ 3-D Imaging Systems; BIOLASE®
dental
laser systems; Milestone Single Tooth Anesthesia™ system;
KaVo; Noritake dental materials; Pelton & Crane; Siemens
refurbished ultrasound equipment; BruxGuard™; Pentron®
Laboratory Products; ShadeVision™; and others.
A Commitment to Caring
Our commitment to society and our reputation for corporate
citizenship continues to grow as Henry Schein has been
ranked “Most Admired” in our industry in FORTUNE’s list of
America’s Most Admired Companies, and number one in
social responsibility for four consecutive years.
We recognize that corporate social responsibility means much more than simply writing a charity check
it includes a commitment to good corporate governance, to environmental responsibility and to philanthropic community support.
In 2007, in the area of corporate governance, EthiSphere™
Magazine awarded Henry Schein an “A”—the only one in our
industry—for our Code of Conduct, with particular praise for
our commitment to stakeholders and the presentation and
style of information. Our ongoing environmental commitment
is seen in our use of recycled and environmentally-friendly
products in our catalogs, sales flyers, buyers’ guide and
business cards, as well as this annual report; in our Global
Reflections offering of all-natural and recycled products; in
the use of energy-efficient products throughout our facilities;
and in our new Henry Schein Dental trade show booth,
which incorporates innovations that makes 60% of the
booth’s construction environmentally-friendly.
We also are committed to using our core competencies
to enhance healthcare advocacy and education; increase
access to healthcare among underserved populations;
strengthen community wellness programs and volunteer
activities; and further humanitarian relief and disaster
response. We achieve this goal through the many activities
we support through Henry Schein Cares, our global social
responsibility program that is “helping health happen.”
Our Henry Schein Cares activities throughout the year were
as diverse as the Team Schein Members who drove their
success. With our supplier partners, we once again
supported thousands of dental team volunteers who provided
free treatment to more than 750,000 underserved U.S.
children for the ADA’s fifth annual Give Kids A Smile®
day.
We expanded our Healthy Children, Healthy Lifestyles
program to five U.S. cities. In 10 years, our Back to School
program has supported more than 7,000 children in nine
U.S. states and Canada. And our Holiday Cheer for Children
program again made the holidays a bit brighter for those who
are less fortunate.
In addition to these broad initiatives, Team Schein supported
countless community-based programs throughout 2007.
We cleaned up parks in New Zealand; Denver, Pennsylvania;
Jacksonville, Florida; and Indianapolis, Indiana. We built
homes in Reno, Nevada, and constructed children’s
playgrounds on Long Island, New York. We expanded dental
outreach programs in Australia, Germany, the Philippines,
Mongolia, the Ukraine, and across the African continent. We
supported an orphanage in Ethiopia and helped the homeless
in New York. We also provided humanitarian relief around
the world through our support of MedShare International,
Direct Relief International and other organizations.
Henry Schein uses its core competencies—our distribution
expertise and our relationships with suppliers and healthcare
professionals—to create public-private partnerships
that can expand the scale and scope of any program.
We encourage non-governmental organizations; local,
state and Federal governments; professional associations;
educators; and others in industry to pool their resources
with a common goal.
Looking Ahead
2007 will be remembered as a milestone year in our
Company’s history. We are confident that we can achieve
even more by focusing on the five key priorities detailed in
our three-year strategic plan:
• Share best practices and services across borders
and business functions
• Consistently deliver superior integrated solutions—
consisting of innovative technology and services—
to meet our customers’ needs in managing their practices
• Become trusted consultants and advisors
to our customers
• Develop the strategic Henry Schein global brand
• Ensure that Team Schein Members continue to be
our number one asset
By addressing these priorities and maintaining our strong
commitment to our constituencies, we are confident
that our best years are yet to come. On behalf of our
Board of Directors and my Team Schein colleagues,
we thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
