  SHAREHOLDERSLETTER
 To our Shareholders,
One world of healthcare customers is emerging, and Henry Schein is ideally positioned as one company to take advantage of the opportunity this presents, with nearly 8,000 Team Schein Members working together to serve a growing base of more than 425,000 customers.
One World – We are strategically positioned to serve dental, medical and veterinary office-based practitioners who have many shared needs. Many of these healthcare providers serve an increasingly affluent and insured patient base, are benefiting from significant demographic changes, and are using clinical and technological advances in healthcare. Regardless of their country, these practitioners share a common goal: to operate a practice that is as efficient and profitable as possible while providing a high quality of care.
One Company – As this global healthcare market emerges, there is a tremendous opportunity for us to meet the needs of office-based practitioners in multiple countries. Henry Schein has the strategic commitment and infrastructure to do so, and we have proven our success in the dental, medical and veterinary markets, both in the United States and abroad. Our international presence provides us with significant economies of scale. As such, we are uniquely positioned to add value to our customers through the sharing of best practices and operational efficiencies.
One Team – For one company to meet this challenge, all employees must work together seamlessly as a team. We have kept pace with our quickly changing world through internal growth and by successfully integrating a number of strategic acquisitions. Throughout this process, we retain our unique and powerful culture, with all Team Schein Members dedicated to delivering the best possible customer service.
One World. One Company. One Team. This was the opportunity we saw, and we made the most of it—posting record 2003 financial results, and for the first time, entering the FORTUNE 500® list
of America’s largest publicly traded companies.
FORTUNE is a registered trademark of
FORTUNE Magazine,
a division of Time Inc.
   2
Henry Schein, Inc.
   
  SHAREHOLDERSLETTER
    2003 FINANCIAL RESULTS AND HIGHLIGHTS
During 2003 we posted record net sales of $3.4 billion, an increase of 19% from 2002. In local currencies, our sales rose 15%, including 13% internal growth. Sales for our Dental Group in 2003 were a record $1.4 billion. This represents an 11% increase over 2002, or 10% in local currencies, of which 8% was internally generated. Our Medical Group posted record sales for 2003 of $1.3 billion, 22% higher than 2002, with internal growth accounting for 21%. For 2003, record International sales were $577 million, growing by 32% in U.S. dollars and 13% in local currencies over last year, with 7% internally generated. And last, Technology and Value-Added Services sales for 2003 were a record $74 million, a growth of 11% over 2002, substantially all of which was internally generated.
Net income from continuing operations for the year was $139.5 million, up 18% (20% on a comparable basis) compared with 2002, and earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were $3.10, up 18% (19% on a comparable basis) over the prior year.
In 2003 we achieved impressive growth and gained market share in each of our four business Groups, but these financial results are just part of the story in a year marked by progress across a number of initiatives.
Strategic acquisitions – We completed several strategic acquisitions in 2003, including Colonial Surgical, Hager Dental, American Medical Services and Damer & Cartwright. We also began the process of acquiring three of Europe’s leading dental distributors—with our pending acquisitions of demedis GmbH, KRUGG S.p.A., and DentalMV GmbH (Muller & Weygandt).
Vaccines and injectables – This growing product category contributed to our success in 2003, as we shipped more than 20 million doses of influenza vaccine during the U.S. flu season. We also signed new agreements that added important products to our offering. For example, as part of our growing Henry Schein Rx Services, we now distribute Remicade, Centocor’s intravenous infusion therapy for treating rheumatoid arthritis and Crohn’s disease, to physician offices across the United States.
Corporate responsibility – Through broad-based programs supported by Henry Schein Cares, we demonstrated our commitment to corporate responsibility more clearly and strongly than ever before, including our continuing commitment to the American Dental Association’s “Give Kids a SmileSM” Day and the Institute for Diversity in Leadership. In addition, in support of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s (CDC) national education campaign and immunization initiative, Henry Schein donated flu vaccine to CDC selected sites across the country.
Corporate governance – In 2003, we increased the size of our Board of Directors by adding two valuable new independent members: Louis W. Sullivan, M.D., former U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the founding Dean, Director, and President Emeritus of the Morehouse School of Medicine in Atlanta; and Margaret A. Hamburg, M.D., former Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation, U.S. Department for Health and Human Services, and former Commissioner of Health for the City of New York.
OUR FUTURE LOOKS BRIGHT
2003 was a banner year for Henry Schein, but for a number of reasons I am confident that our best years are yet to come.
We serve attractive markets. The population of the geographies we serve is aging, and the market to serve their healthcare needs is growing.
We have powerful strengths to build upon. Henry Schein has unique sales and marketing expertise, a world-class centralized infrastructure, and a broad product offering at highly competitive prices. We are committed to providing superior customer service, and have a large user base of practice management software.
We have clear growth strategies. We are dedicated to further transitioning our business from being a pure distributor of products to becoming a provider of integrated products and services. To achieve this we will expand our offering of value- added products and services, and continue to further build customer loyalty by providing critical practice-enhancing tools. We will expand PrivilegesTM, our highly successful customer loyalty program for dental customers, and offer a portfolio of exclusive and semi-exclusive products. We will also grow our customer base by increasing the number and productivity of our field sales consultants and by using our extensive customer database to focus our marketing efforts.
Another important growth strategy is to continue pursuing complementary initiatives to accelerate future growth in sales and operating income. To achieve this we will continue to develop our high-growth dental specialty business and implement our Henry Schein Rx Services plan, adding new vaccines, injectables and related services to our medical offering. In addition, we will continue to pursue strategic acquisitions, selectively capitalizing on consolidation opportunities to increase sales, and our force of field sales consultants, equipment sales specialists, and equipment service technicians. We will also seek acquisition opportunities that improve our product offering by providing us with greater expertise in a particular product category, enhancing our
procurement leverage, or adding new product lines.
We have clear priorities to help reach our goals.
To achieve success, we are committed to attracting, training and retaining highly qualified and motivated people. We will continue to gather and analyze information to help us better understand and serve our customers. And we will make investments in technology to expand our e-commerce and other systems capabilities as we institutionalize best- practices on a company-wide basis.
ONE WORLD, ONE COMPANY, ONE TEAM – HENRY SCHEIN
We are confident that our growth strategies will continue to support and enhance partnerships with our current and future customers, helping practitioners to improve their practice efficiency and profitability, while delivering the highest quality care.
Finally, we will work to further diversity within the healthcare industry, with the goal of increasing access to care as it affects professionals and their patients in underserved communities. As part of this commitment, we will endeavor to ensure that Team Schein reflects the cultural diversity of our customer base, and support programs that enhance this diversity, thereby helping our customers better serve their patients.
One world of customers looking to one company to serve their needs, and one team rising to meet this challenge. This is our vision for the future of Henry Schein.
Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
 2003 was a banner year for Henry Schein...
for a number of reasons I am
confident that our best years are yet to come.
  ONEWORLD. ONECOMPANY. ONETEAM.
3
  