                                                                                                                                                             To My Fellow Stockholders,
Without question, the complexities of the global health care ecosystem in which we operate creates the need for powerful, collaborative, and technology-enabled solutions. Due to Henry Schein’s scale and our growing global footprint, we
are in an excellent position to bring together a valuable network of solutions, knowledge, and expertise. We continued to deliver on the promise of our business strategy during 2016, a year of further momentum for Henry Schein and growth in the global health care market.
Despite the changing socioeconomic and political landscapes, the most significant challenges facing health care remain: access, quality, and cost. Each not only impacts the markets we serve, but also provides significant opportunity for Henry Schein. The rising burden
of these challenges heightens the importance of wellness and prevention. It also makes the need for practice efficiency even more important. Our success as a company has been built on helping clinicians look to the long-term success of their practices and providing them with the resources they need to manage and grow profitable businesses.
While we have enjoyed tremendous success in growing our business over our 85-year history, we know we must continue to evolve in order to meet the ever-changing needs of our customers. They look to us for innovative ideas
on the adoption of digital technology and new ways of doing business. They rely on our consultative approach as the foundation of our relationship. As we evolve our business to lead change that helps our customers grow their practices, they too are transitioning to more successful enterprises.
  FOUR PILLARS OF SUCCESS
The framework for our offering is built on four pillars we consider to be key differentiators and fundamental to our success.
• Supply Chain Solutions:
Our customers rely on us for a comprehensive product selection to deliver the right products at the right time, with inventory replenishment management solutions and business reporting.
• Technology Solutions:
Our customers rely on us to harness the power of technology for the benefit of their practice or laboratory with practice management systems, integration services, technology support, hosting services, and digital solutions.
• Clinical Solutions:
Our customers rely on us to stay on the cutting edge of patient care with the latest in specialty products, clinical education, laboratory services, and compliance solutions.
• Business Solutions:
Our customers rely on us to help them successfully manage and grow their business through offerings such as practice planning, management consulting, financial services, and patient marketing solutions.
Board
At every Henry Schein office around
the world, we embrace a culture of diversity and entrepreneurialism that has enabled our execution in a competitive and rapidly changing marketplace. Globalization and the proliferation of technology will afford multinational companies such as ours the opportunity to bridge the economic divide and promote interconnected societies that enable greater access to resources and more comprehensive care. In order to accomplish this, we must look ahead to how our investments and contributions today will promote a better future for our company and society as a whole.
a commitment to open-architecture products and platforms that enhance the customer experience and provide real value to their practices. Building on our brand promise of being a reliable, trusted resource to our customers, we have the vision and the resources to bring together solutions, knowledge, and expertise, with Henry Schein
at the core.
2016 FINANCIAL RESULTS
Our success in assembling this network led to our achieving a record $11.6 billion in net sales for 2016, up 8.9% from the prior year. Internal sales growth in local currencies was 6.7% when excluding the impact of an extra week of sales related to the timing of our 2016 fiscal year-end. On that same basis, our Global Dental sales grew
by 3.2% despite seemingly temporary market softness in North America; Animal Health sales increased by 9.6%; Medical sales grew by 11.1%; and our Technology and Value-Added Services sales increased by 7.9%. We believe we gained market share in each of our business groups on a global basis.
A Message from the Chairman of the
We are a customer-driven health operating cash flow for the year was
solutions network powered by poeple $615.5 million, exceeding GAAP net and technology. We bring to market income by more than $108 million.
and Chief Executive Officer
Diluted earnings per share increased by 8.8% on a GAAP basis or by 10.9% on a non-GAAP basis* from 2015, and
 2

  COMMITMENT TO SOCIETY
AND TO SHAREHOLDER VALUE
Our success as a Company is a credit to our people, our culture of care
and respect, and our commitment to corporate social responsibility. This commitment is rooted in our belief that we have a duty as a corporate citizen to give back to those we serve. In our view, “doing good” creates the trust across all our constituencies—Team Schein Members, customers, supplier partners, investors, and society.
In addition, Henry Schein is a core member of the World Economic Forum’s Compact for Responsive
and Responsible Leadership, tasked with creating a corporate governance framework with a focus on the sustainability of corporations and long- term goals of society. We believe that business has a role to play in ensuring that all segments of society are treated fairly, and this roadmap seeks to promote the common good in business, government, and civil society.
This past year we were honored to
be chosen among the top performers within the Health Care Technology and Distribution sector in the CEO, CFO, and IR Program categories as part of Institutional Investor’s 2017 survey for the All-America Executive Team. These awards speak to our commitment to open communications and transparency with our investors, as well as our commitment to driving business execution and delivering value to
our shareholders.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP
In 2016, we welcomed two new Board members. Joseph Herring, former
CEO of Covance, whose health care experience spans more than 35 years, and Kurt Kuehn, who spent his career at United Parcel Service, including eight years as their CFO, bring a wealth of talent and expertise to our board and we look forward to their contributions as we build on the momentum of our strategic plan.
We also announced two additions to our Executive Management team with the appointments of Karen Prange as Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of our Global Animal Health, Medical, and Dental Surgical Group, and Bridget Ross as President of the Global Medical Group. As market, technological and demographic forces converge to create unique business
opportunities for Henry Schein, we are delighted that Karen and Bridget have joined us to help make the most of these opportunities.
Opportunity is not something we are short on. I would like to thank our more than 21,000 Team Schein Members, whose commitment, hard work, and alignment with our strategy has enabled the consistent delivery on our strategic plan and set the course for continued success.
On behalf of our Board of Directors,
I thank you, our stockholders, for your continued support of our Company.
Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
April 2017
Forward looking statements made in this report are subject to the reservations specified in the Safe Harbor statement noted in the Company’s Form 10-K filing.
* See reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP measures on page 8.
 we know we must continue to evolve in order to meet the ever-changing needs of our customers.
            This leads to higher customer satisfaction, greater cooperation with supplier partners, higher employee engagement, and, ultimately, generates long-term shareholder value.
In line with our commitment to building shareholder value, Henry Schein
is proud to have recently joined
The American Prosperity Project, a nonpartisan framework for long-term investment. Together with a coalition of key leaders across many industries, signatories to this framework endorse actions where businesses and governments work together to promote long-term investment, innovation,
and economic opportunity so that communities may prosper.
                                3
     COMPONENT OF NASDAQ 100®
(10 Years)
AND S&P 500® INDEXES (2 Years)
