TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
                   2010 was
 4
a year in which Henry Schein continued
“helping health happen” — expanding globally as we
focused on meeting the needs
of our customers locally. It was
a year in which we continued
to use our many global resources and worldwide perspective, while using our understanding of the many local markets in which we operate to enhance our customers’ practices. It also was a year
of solid financial performance; ongoing diversification
and expansion to enhance our Company’s relevance to our customers’ practices; and continuing commitment to our
five constituencies—our customers, supplier partners, investors,
Team Schein Members and society.
For the year, our net sales of $7.5 billion represented an increase of 15.1% compared with 2009. This includes 15.4% growth in local currencies and a decline of 0.3% related to foreign currency exchange. Income from continuing operations for 2010 was $325.8 million or
$3.49 per diluted share. Non-GAAP income* from continuing operations for 2010 was $334.0 million or $3.58 per diluted share, representing increases of 15.4% and 11.9%, respectively, compared with 2009.
In 2010, we gained market share in each of our business groups, which affirms our growth strategy and the underlying strength of our business. In addition, for the
first time in the fourth quarter of
2010 our quarterly net sales reached $2 billion. Quarterly net sales first surpassed the $1 billion mark in
the third quarter of 2004, and this doubling of quarterly sales represents compound annual growth of 12% since then, a timeframe that includes the recent years of global economic challenges.
At the time that this Annual Report is published, we have marked five
consecutive quarters of internal Dental consumable merchandise sales growth in local currencies, which provides further evidence of stability in our markets as well as the effectiveness of our consultative approach to sales and customer service. We also recorded growth in sales of Dental equipment for each quarter of 2010.
Through our Global Health Care Specialties Group, we continued to build our specialty businesses and expand our exclusive and semi- exclusive product and service offerings (see sidebar article at right). Over the past several years we
have made excellent progress in deepening our presence in the global dental specialties markets including orthodontics, endodontics, CAD/CAM and instrumentation, as well as dental implants, restorations and alloys—products that typically carry gross margins that are higher than Company averages. In 2010, we also made an investment in Brasseler USA, a leading distributor of dental specialty products.
* Includes certain non-GAAP adjustments to provide a more comparable basis for analysis (see page 12).

 In the Medical business, we sold 12.5 million doses of seasonal influenza vaccine in 2010, which was in line with our expectations. We estimate that Medical internal sales growth was 3%, excluding sales of products related to
the H1N1 virus and seasonal influenza vaccines.
At the beginning of the year, we completed the creation of Butler Schein Animal Health, the leading companion animal health distribution company in the United States. The consolidation and integration of this business has gone very well, and
we recently announced two strategic veterinary software acquisitions
that further support our industry leadership position. By adding the products and services of McAllister Software Systems and ImproMed Software Systems, we have
further enhanced the vital role
of Butler Schein Animal Health
with our customers, as well as
our ability to forge even stronger relationships with manufacturers
of veterinary pharmaceuticals, diagnostics and pet food companies. McAllister Software Systems serves nearly 10,000 veterinary practices in the United States, and ImproMed Software Systems has approximately 4,000 users. We now offer our
customers such well-respected software brands as AVImark and Infinity, as well as award-winning technology support plus ancillary products and services.
Through strong organic growth
and strategic acquisitions, our International Group represented approximately 33% of our consolidated 2010 net sales.
Our International Group posted strong internal growth in local currencies in our international dental business, particularly in international dental equipment,
as well as solid sales growth in local currencies for our international animal health business.
In January 2011, we completed
our acquisition of Provet Holdings Limited, the leader in the Australasia animal health distribution market. While we already were the leader in the Australia and New Zealand dental distribution market, Provet Holdings marks our entry into the Australasian veterinary market, and the business continues to be run by its existing, excellent management team. With the addition of Provet Holdings, Henry Schein is now the animal health distribution market leader on three continents (see sidebar article on next page).
HENRY SCHEIN ANNUAL REPORT 5
GLOBAL HEALTH CARE SPECIALTIES GROUP
Reflecting the strong entrepreneurial spirit that has driven Henry Schein since it was founded, the Company has created the Global Health Care Specialties Group to complement its North American and International Groups and enhance our relevance to customers around the world. Through specialty businesses and expanded exclusive and semi-exclusive product and service offerings, the Global Health Care Specialties Group helps drive the success of our customers.
The Global Health Care Specialties Group includes the Dental Specialties Group; Exclusive Brands, including Henry Schein’s market leading corporate brand; and Handpiece Repairs.
 
 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED)
 6
We expanded our international footprint in October 2010
by entering Turkey, increasing the number of countries
in which we operate to 25. Henry Schein acquired a 50% non-consolidating interest in Guney Dis Deposu, the leading Dental distributor in Turkey and an excellent strategic and cultural fit with our Company.
Our Technology & Value-Added Services Group posted solid sales growth throughout 2010. The continued excellent performance of this group
is a clear competitive advantage for our Company, providing a valuable platform for enhancing relationships with our customers and increasing market penetration.
2010 was marked by other important developments. In January, Bradley T. Sheares, Ph.D. was appointed to our Board of Directors. Dr. Sheares, who served as CEO of Reliant Pharmaceuticals through its acquisition by GlaxoSmithKline, and for 19 years was with Merck, ultimately as President
of U.S. Human Health, has brought to our Board a wealth of health care knowledge in
a quickly changing medical landscape.
During the year we continued development of our ConnectHealth and ConnectDental initiatives, which are more closely linking the medical, dental and dental laboratory markets that we serve. We also rolled out our initiative to address the strategically important endodontic dental specialty segment. And we are now focused on the future as we complete the development of our new three-year strategic plan, determining the path ahead for Henry Schein.
A GLOBAL COMMITMENT TO ANIMAL HEALTH
Through strategic mergers and acquisitions over the past five years, Henry Schein has become the leading provider of animal health products and services in the United States, across Europe and throughout Australasia, with annual sales of approximately $2 billon.
In January 2010, the Company announced the formation of Butler ScheinTM Animal Health, the largest veterinary sales and distribution company in the United States. Combining the strengths of Butler Animal Health Supply, NLS Animal Health and the U.S. animal health division of Henry Schein, Butler Schein Animal Health offers U.S. veterinary practitioners the broadest selection
of products and value-added services in the industry, and the efficiency and convenience of ordering from one primary supplier.
Henry Schein also is the leading Pan-European distributor of animal health products and serves more than 18,000 European animal health customers with operations in eight countries – Austria, the Czech Republic, France,
Germany, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
Henry Schein began 2011 with the acquisition
of Provet® Holdings Limited, Australasia’s largest full-service veterinary distributor and service provider. Provet Holdings provides approximately 1,900 independent veterinary practices in Australasia with pharmaceuticals, pet nutrition products, consumables, instruments and equipment, and training and software. Based
in Brisbane, Queensland, Provet Holdings has approximately 375 team members, and owns and operates 10 warehouses across Australia and three in New Zealand.
The rapid growth of Henry Schein’s global animal health presence reflects the Company’s long- term commitment to its animal health customers and a firm belief in the excellent potential
of the animal health market. Along with its large dental and physician customer base, Henry Schein’s animal health customers now represent a significant portion of its total customers worldwide. Through the comprehensive array
of products and services the Company offers animal health practitioners, it is helping them to operate more efficient and successful practices so they can focus on providing the best quality care to their patients.

  Emerging from the economic challenges of recent years, 2010 was a very solid year on which we can confidently build for continued success around the world. We look forward to continuing to help our dental, medical and animal health customers operate more efficient and successful practices so they can deliver high quality care to patients; to representing the products of our supplier partners
in the market; to delivering our stockholders an excellent return on investment; to ensuring that Team Schein remains our most important asset in our values-based culture; and to increasing access to care around the world through Henry Schein Cares, our global corporate social responsibility program.
We are eagerly anticipating the new opportunities that 2011 will present and remain convinced that our best years are yet to come. On behalf
of our Board of Directors and my Team Schein colleagues, we thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                            HENRY SCHEIN ANNUAL REPORT 7
 NEW HEADQUARTERS FOR
HENRY SCHEIN DENTAL GERMANY, EUROPEAN DENTAL AND EUROPEAN SHARED SERVICES
In November 2010, Henry Schein opened a new state-of-the-art facility in Langen, Germany that includes the Company’s headquarters for Henry Schein Dental Germany, European Dental and European Shared Services.
The new facility reflects the continued growth of Henry Schein in the German dental market (Europe’s largest) as the leading Pan-European provider
of products and services to dentists, physicians and veterinarians. The new headquarters also underscores the Company’s commitment to better serve its customers and become an even more valuable partner to its suppliers.
The new 5,000-square-meter facility combines Henry Schein’s three former sites in the region, and includes a
new Customer Service Center and consolidated Information Technology department. As part of the Company’s commitment to environmental stewardship, Henry Schein’s Langen facility also features new low-voltage lighting systems with built-in motion sensors, energy-saving computer monitors and refrigerators, and shared printers. The building significantly reduces the Company’s environmental footprint, lowers CO2 emissions, and reduces energy costs.
