LETTER FROM STANLEY BERGMAN
To Our Shareholders,
This year, Henry Schein celebrates its
70th anniversary. Through the past seven
decades, the world has changed greatly,
but there has been one constant at our
company since 1932 – our focus on helping
our customers to succeed.
Since we were founded, we’ve seen some dramatic changes:
• Our Company’s size – Henry Schein began as a retail pharmacy
in Queens, New York. Today we are the largest distributor of
healthcare products and services to office-based practitioners
in the combined North American and European markets.
• The speed of our business – We now ship over 8 million orders
each year.
• Our customer base – We now serve more than 400,000
healthcare practitioners in 125 countries around the world.
• Our offering of products and services – Today, no other
company offers as wide a variety of products – over 80,000 SKUs
in North America and more than 63,000 SKUs in Europe.
• The technology we use – The healthcare technology used by our
customers and the technology that drives our business advances
each year. Essential tools, such as the Internet and CD-ROM
catalogs, were unimaginable just 20 years ago.
Through all of these changes, we have consistently and predictably
grown because we have never lost sight of our founding principles –
a commitment to deliver the best customer service possible. This
commitment, which is embraced by each of our over 6,500 Team
Schein Members, is as important now as it was 70 years ago.
Our Financial Results
The success of focusing on customer service is clearly seen in our
recent growth and our financial results for 2001. In the past seven
years, we’ve completed approximately 70 acquisitions and successfully
integrated them into our organization. As a result of acquisition and
our organic growth, we are the leading participant in healthy yet
highly fragmented markets, and we face significant growth opportu-
nities. We have an estimated 15% share of the consolidated markets
we serve, which total an estimated $15.5 billion, and are growing at
approximately 5% to 7% each year.
At the beginning of 2001 and following a company-wide restructuring
in the previous year, we began implementing an updated three-year
strategic plan. Our goal is to leverage our unrivaled assets and
unique position as a multinational, diversified healthcare products
and services company to the benefit of our customers and our
stockholders. Our plan is specifically designed to continue sales
growth, improve operating margins, and generate strong cash flow.
As evidence of our success, in 2001 we posted record
financial results in five key areas:
• Net sales
7.4% growth (9.4% in local currencies and adjusted for a comparable
number of selling days) – $2.6 billion, up from $2.4 billion in 2000
• Operating income
15.8% growth – $147.8 million, up from $127.6 million,
adjusted to exclude one-time items in 2000
• Net income
24.6% growth – $87.4 million, up from $70.1 million,
adjusted to exclude one-time items in 2000
• Earnings per share
20.4% growth – $2.01, up from $1.67,
adjusted to exclude one-time items in 2000
• Cash flow from operations
24.8% growth – $190.9 million,up from $153.0 million in 2000
• Return on committed capital
27.2% for 2001, up from 23.5%,
adjusted to exclude one-time items in 2000
Our Five Operating Groups
A focus on excellence in customer service is a constant across our five
operating groups, although that excellence may take different forms.
In our Dental Group, we recognize that the role of the oral health
provider is becoming increasingly crucial, as more and more research
points to the correlation between oral health and an individual’s over-
all well being. Many severe chronic medical conditions are discovered
only at a late stage of the disease when signs and symptoms compel
the affected person to seek medical care. Research suggests that
dentists can help in the early detection of such illnesses as cardiovas-
cular disease, asthma, and oral cancer. To help detect oral cancer,
which claims the lives of over 8,000 people annually in the U.S.,
dentists look to Henry Schein for OralCDx , the brush biopsy product
that we distribute exclusively. The new ADA-accepted test, which is
the first advance in oral cancer testing, does not require anesthesia,
and causes minimal bleeding or discomfort. In addition to OralCDx®
, we exclusively distribute several other products, such as X-Rite’s
ShadeVision™ dental vision system, a significant technological
70 YEARS.
advance in restorative tooth shading.
As the role of the dentist evolves there is a growing importance of
the value-added services that can help practitioners provide a high
level of quality patient care, and at the same time operate a more
efficient and profitable business. To this end, we are a leading
provider of practice-management software, electronic claims
processing, financial services, and continuing education. We also
offer a wide range of ordering options for dental professionals,
including field sales representatives, telephone, Internet, and
CD-ROM. As a result of our customer service focus, we remain
a leading distributor of dental supplies, equipment, and services in
the U.S., serving more than 75% of the 110,000 U.S. dental practices,
15,000 U.S. dental labs, as well as most dental schools and
government institutions.
Our Medical Group is a constant reliable source for the healthcare
practitioner. We are the fastest growing distributor among the major
competitors in the physician and alternate-care market, with 17%
year-over-year growth. In addition to offering a wide array of medical
products, we provide a full range of vaccines, injectables, and other
pharmaceutical products. New commitments with our manufacturers
of influenza, tetanus diphtheria toxoids, and pneumococcal vaccines
will help ensure we meet our customers’ needs for years to come.
We also have in place a number of attractive formulary pricing plans
for groups including the American Medical Association, the American
Society of Plastic Surgeons, the American Academy of Dermatology,
and U.S. Oncology, to name a few.
Our commitment to our Veterinary Group customers can be seen
in the breadth of our product offering. We serve 70% of the
22,000 U.S. Companion Animal Veterinary Clinics, offering them a
selection of more than 23,000 items. The Group, which shares the
Dental/Medical Group infrastructure, has a catalog that is supported
by more than 50 telesales professionals.
To ensure excellent service for our European customers, our
International Group is replicating our successful U.S. model in
Europe, and has assembled a seasoned senior management team.
This commitment strengthens our position as the only Pan-European
healthcare supplier to office-based dental, medical and veterinary
practices in over 125 countries worldwide, and more than 150,000
active customers in Western Europe alone.
Practice efficiency will become increasingly critical as individual
practitioners see an increasing number of patients, and advances
spearheaded by our Technology Group allow us to increase the
efficiency of our customers’ practices. Through our practice
management software, we are connected to more than 44,000
practices, with another 20,000 customers placing their orders through
our electronic catalog. We generate more than $250 million in
electronic orders annually. In 2001, we processed over 21 million
electronic dental claims, and launched an exciting new initiative – the
Digital Dental Office (DDO), which uses a suite of technologically
advanced products to deliver true seamless integration of imaging,
clinical, and financial applications in the dentist’s office.
Delivering Customer Service in Four Ways
We deliver excellent customer service in four ways.
• Through customer partnerships – We have increased the number
and productivity of our field sales consultants, and pride ourselves
on having the industry’s best-trained field sales force, telesales
representatives, equipment and office design specialists, and
technical service representatives.
• Through value-added services – We have a broad line of products
offered at low prices, as well as financial services, repair services,
continuing education programs, and customer loyalty programs.
• Through technology – Our innovations, ranging from DDO
technology to our recently redesigned Web site, help our
customers operate more efficient and profitable businesses.
• Through our infrastructure – In the U.S. and Canada, 99% of all
items are shipped complete, 99% of all orders are shipped the same
day they are received, and 99% of all orders are delivered within
two days of placement.
Team Schein Members worldwide embrace these competencies as
being the core of customer service. In addition, we are committed
to being good corporate citizens, as exemplified through our
Henry Schein Cares
™
program. This global corporate donations
program supports underserved communities suffering from a
disparity in healthcare services, both in the U.S. and abroad.
Medical and dental supplies, including pharmaceuticals and other
injectables, donated through the program are given to clinics treating
the underserved throughout the United States, Central America,
Africa, and eastern Europe. In this way, we continue to dedicate
ourselves to helping close the gap in the delivery of healthcare
throughout these areas of the world.
Looking Ahead to Our 70th Year
We look forward to building on our success of 2001, and are
optimistic about our future for a number of reasons.
• We are in attractive markets. The 50% growth
in the 45-65 age group between 1995 and
2000 is expected to double by 2020, and the
aging U.S. population is increasingly utilizing
healthcare services. Other trends include an
increased number of dental procedures
and increased dental insurance coverage,
a migration of procedures from acute-care settings to physician-
offices, and continuing growth in the use of vaccines, injectables
and other pharmaceuticals in alternate-care settings.
• We have important competitive advantages. In addition to our
direct sales and marketing expertise, we have a broad product
offering at low prices and a large installed user base of dental and
veterinary practice-management software upon which to build.
• We have clear growth strategies. We will increase the penetration
of our existing customer base, the number of customers we serve,
and our cross-selling efforts with key product lines. We also will
pursue strategic acquisitions.
• We have one focus – customer service. Through our customer
service programs, field sales training, finely tuned infrastructure, and
the latest technology, we will stay true to our guiding philosophy.
I remain confident in the direction in which Henry Schein is heading
and have great expectations for our 70th year. Sales of our Medical
consumable products should outpace market growth, having
increased at more than twice the market rate for several quarters.
Our Dental sales should continue to grow as we reap the benefits of
key initiatives implemented during the year. Our operating margins
should continue to increase, driving bottom-line growth in the mid-
teens, and a greater percentage of our operating income should come
from value-added services.
As we enter our eighth decade of business, we recognize the tremen-
dous contributions of each Team Schein Member and the continued
support of our customers, supply partners, and shareholders. We
remain as focused on delivering premier customer service as was our
founder when he opened his pharmacy in 1932. This singular focus
will help us achieve continued profitable growth for years to come.
Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
May 2002