SHAREHOLDERS
“Throughout our history, Henry Schein has earned a
well-deserved reputation for innovation as we have transformed our Company and the
markets we serve. ”
LETTER
To Our Shareholders,
The theme of this year’s report – Henry Schein: The Complete Picture of Health – truly describes the current state of our business. In 2002, we continued to see outstanding results from the sound strategies we put in place in prior years, and recorded record financial performance. We solidified our role as the largest distributor of healthcare products and services to office-based healthcare practitioners in the combined North American and European markets, and are anticipating strong growth in the coming years.
One important reason for our success is our dedicated focus on delivering excellent customer
service. We are able to achieve this unparalleled level of service year after year through our world-class infrastructure, which benefits each of our business groups. We support our customers with a wide array of products and value-added services that go beyond the traditional role of a distributor, helping them anticipate and meet the challenges of their evolving practices. By enabling healthcare professionals to operate more efficient and profitable practices while providing quality healthcare, we strive to become their true business partner. The benefits of this partnership and the power of our business model can be seen in the financial health and growth of our Company.
A YEAR OF RECORD FINANCIAL RESULTS
In 2002, we posted record net sales of $2.8 billion, an increase of 10.4% compared with 2001, and sales growth for the year was essentially all internally generated. Net income for the year was a record $118 million, or $2.63 per diluted share, representing increases of 35.0% and 30.8% compared with 2001, respectively. Operating cash flow for 2002 was $134.7 million. Since going public in November 1995, our total market capitalization has grown from $300 million to more than $2 billion, for a compounded annual growth rate of 37.2%. These metrics underscore that the decisions our management team is making are sound, and reinforce the fact that we have capitalized on the important business opportunities presented to us.
One of our important Company strengths is our diversity – in the array of products and services that we offer, in the markets that we serve, and in the geographic areas where we operate. In 2002, 43% of our revenue came from the Dental Group, 39% from the Medical Group, 16% from the International Group, and 2% from the Technology and Value-added Services Group. Today, we are in the right markets at the right time with an unmatched array of product and service offerings, and an infrastructure that is primed for greater capacity and efficiencies.
OUR BUSINESS GROUPS
Our Dental Group serves an attractive market in which there is increased demand for dental services.
The dentist is being asked to see an increasing number of patients, provide them with quality oral healthcare, and maintain profitable practices at the same time. There is an opportunity and a need throughout the dental profession for improvement in productivity. Dentists will need to increasingly rely on technology-driven products and services, such as practice-management software, digital X-ray, computerized charting, and other practice-enhancing tools. This challenge to improve productivity is one that we are uniquely positioned to help dentists achieve. As outlined in “The Dental Picture,” we are also investing in strategic marketing initiatives, including our PrivilegesTM and MarketOne programs, designed to focus the organization on helping our customers succeed, and at the same time strengthening our customer relationships.
The medical market is another excellent illustration of the attractiveness of the sectors we serve. As clinical procedures continue to move from acute-care settings to physicians’ offices, we believe we are the fastest- growing distributor among the major competitors in the physician and alternate-care markets, and are well- positioned to capitalize on this trend. A greater number of vaccines, injectables, and other pharmaceuticals are being used increasingly in alternate-care settings, and our Medical Group is a leading vaccine supplier
to U.S. office-based medical practitioners, with reliable sources of influenza, tetanus/diphtheria toxoid, pneumonococcal, and many other vaccines. The ways in which we are capitalizing on these trends are described in greater detail in “The Medical Picture.” Another important component of our Medical Group is our veterinary business, which we believe to be the largest direct marketer to companion animal clinics in the United States, serving 70% of the estimated 24,000 U.S. veterinarian clinics.
Through our Technology and Value-added Services Group, we provide healthcare professionals with extraordinary software, technology, and other value-added services. Our industry-leading software products, including DENTRIX®, Easy Dental®, and AVIMark®, have made us a force in the dental and veterinary fields, and we anticipate adding a medical solution to our offerings in the near future. Perhaps the best example of
 2
     
the full potential that technology holds is the Digital Dental Office, which is described in greater detail in “The Technology and Value-added Services Picture.”
Beyond North America, Henry Schein is a leading Pan-European healthcare supplier serving office-based dental, medical, and veterinary practices. As summarized in “The International Picture,” we have a number of important competitive advantages that we believe will
enable us to continue to grow internationally. One facilitator of this expansion is the initiative through which we are replicating our successful U.S. infrastructure in Europe. The goal of achieving greater efficiency and profitability through a common computer and warehouse platform for the entire Company is described in greater detail in
“The Infrastructure/Team Schein Picture.”
GROWTH STRATEGIES AND CORE STRENGTHS
Throughout our history, Henry Schein has earned a well-deserved reputation for innovation as we have transformed our Company and the markets we serve. We have redefined and expanded the role of a distributor, and believe we will continue to do so in the future as our Company grows in four ways.
• Wewillseektoincreasepenetrationofourexistingcustomerbase, and position Henry Schein as a prime vendor. Currently, we are the primary vendor to less than 15% of our customers. We intend to increase this by expanding our dental equipment sales and service penetration, by providing important value-added services, and by introducing new technologies including digital X-ray, digital imaging systems, and cameras to our existing customers.
• Gaining new customers is also a priority. In particular, we estimate that 60% of the U.S. medical practices and 45% of the Western European dental practices are not currently active customers, and we believe there also is substantial opportunity in the Western European medical and veterinary supply market. To achieve this goal, we are increasing the number of our field sales consultants and telesales representatives, and providing them with tools to increase sales productivity, as well as using our extensive customer database to focus our marketing efforts, while expanding our European equipment sales and service network.
• Wealsoanticipategrowththroughanincreaseinourcross-selling efforts with key product lines, such as practice-management software in the dental and veterinary markets, and vaccines and injectables in the medical market.
• Lastly,webelievethatourgrowthwillbefueledbyacquisitionsthat enhance our core strategies. There is still great potential for further consolidation in the markets we serve, and we are well-poised to capitalize on this opportunity. We have a strong cash position and significant other capital resources, and there is a focused decision- making process with dedicated teams already in place to evaluate and facilitate acquisitions. We are a cultural fit with most entrepreneurial businesses, and have a track record of success, with 20 successfully integrated acquisitions in the past five years.
I believe that our eighth decade of business will be our most successful yet because of the strengths we bring to bear.
• Weareinmultiple,attractivemarketsthatdiversifyourriskprofileand increase our opportunities.
• We have important competitive advantages. In addition to our direct sales and marketing expertise, we have a broad product offering at competitive prices and a large installed user base of dental and veterinary practice-management software upon which to build.
• We have clear growth strategies.
• Wehaveonefocus–deliveringthebestpossiblecustomerserviceto office-based practitioners.
• Morethan6,900TeamScheinMembersareourCompany’sgreatest asset – each of us sharing a dedication to excellent customer service.
With growth comes added responsibility. For more than 70 years, we have remained committed to the strict sense of corporate responsibility upon which we were founded, both in terms of the governance of our Company and our role as a corporate citizen. As part of this ongoing commitment, we are pleased to welcome three new independent members to our Board of Directors: Philip A. Laskawy, the former Chairman of Ernst & Young, Norman S. Matthews, the former President of Federated Department Stores, and Louis W. Sullivan, M.D., the former U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services and Founding Dean, Director, and President Emeritus of the Morehouse School of Medicine. As explained further in “The Corporate Responsibility Picture,” we also have many programs in place to ensure that we meet or exceed our responsibility to all those we touch – Team Schein Members, our shareholders, our supplier partners, our customers, and the communities and industries in which we operate.
THE BEST IS YET TO COME
This is an exciting time for Henry Schein. We are in the right place at the right time to take advantage of many remarkable opportunities that will ensure our continued growth. We are expanding the number of products and services we offer to our customers. We are defying the current economic trend, and are performing extremely well in a challenging business environment. We will look to continue the consolidation in the markets we serve through a healthy balance of internal growth and acquisitions.
We are a dynamic company driven by a growing number of committed people who share an entrepreneurial sense, an eagerness to serve our customers, and an excitement, continuing to build something important for the future. As a result, I remain absolutely confident in the direction that Henry Schein is heading, and firmly believe that our best years
lie ahead.
Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President May 2003
  3
   