             A MeSSAge FroM tHe cHAirMAn oF tHe boArd And cHieF executive oFFicer
Our five constituencies:
Supplier Partners, Customers, Team Schein, Investors and Society
  4
                        2013 was another excellent year for Henry Schein — a year of record financial results; a year of strategic geographic expansion; a year of providing expanded value-added solutions to our customers and expanding market share; and a year of strengthening our commitment as a responsible global corporate citizen. 2013 was another year during which our constituencies were confident they could “Rely on Us.”
Our shareholders “Rely on Us” to execute our strategic plan and continue to deliver shareholder value. In 2013, we posted record net sales of $9.6 billion, an increase of 6.9%. Operating cash flow for the year of $664.2 million and free cash flow of $604.0 million were both well in excess of net income. Adjusted diluted EPS* also set a record and increased 11.5% to $4.95. And, in line with our stated goals, we repurchased $300.3 million in stock.
Each of our four global business groups gained market share during 2013 and posted record sales despite some macroeconomic headwinds. Dental sales reached $5.0 billion, up 4.7% over the previous year; Animal Health sales increased 12.0% to $2.6 billion; Medical sales were up 5.3% to $1.6 billion; and Technology and Value-Added Services sales were $320.0 million, up 12.9%.
We extended our solid track record of creating value from organic growth and strategic acquisitions. During 2013, we announced acquisitions with annual sales of approximately $200 million as we continued to expand our product offerings and our geographic footprint.
In our Dental business, we significantly strengthened our presence in the important dental implant category through an approximate 60% ownership position in U.S.-based BioHorizons, which has an international market presence. Together with the Company’s investment in CAMLOG Biotechnologies AG, a leading manufacturer of dental implants in Europe, Henry Schein now has important positions in the U.S. and German implant markets, as well as a growing presence in the rest of the world. We also entered the African continent with the acquisition of a minority ownership position in The Dental Warehouse of Johannesburg, South Africa. We remain the only Pan-European dental distributor, and our special markets focus makes us a valued partner to schools, community and student health centers, emergency medicine and government.
During 2013, we continued to advance our objective to become the leading provider of dental digital solutions. Henry Schein is already a leading provider of digital imaging solutions and dental practice management software. Today, we are seeing increased adoption of digital prosthetic solutions, which include digital scanning and online case management with laboratories, as well as full chairside CAD/CAM solutions. We are confident that our strategies will position us well as the single source for all of our customers’ digital dental requirements.
    * Excludes certain non-recurring items to provide a more comparable basis for analysis
 Henry ScHein 2013 5

                          A MeSSAge FroM tHe cHAirMAn oF tHe boArd And cHieF executive oFFicer
On the animal health side, Henry Schein is the leading distributor to veterinarians in the United States and Australia/New Zealand, as well as the only Pan- European animal health distributor. In 2013, we announced an agreement to acquire an approximate
80% interest in Medivet, a leading distributor of animal health products and services in Poland. With Medivet, our global animal health business has operations in 12 European countries and a strategic base for further expansion into Eastern Europe. During 2013, we underscored the growing strength of Henry Schein in the animal health category by rebranding our U.S.-based business to Henry Schein Animal Health.
In the medical market, we continue to see a consolidation of physician practices into larger group practices, and we have been successful in serving the requirements of this evolving customer segment. Much of our sales growth in 2013 was attributable to strengthening relationships with integrated
delivery networks and other large health
care services groups that are evolving
to provide more economical services
to effectively serve a growing number
of covered lives. With standards that
are evolving in a new health care
economy, we act as an integrated
solutions network for our customers —
continuing to offer new business solutions
that promote wellness, enhance primary care delivery for better clinical outcomes and allow our customers’ to operate more efficient practices.
Supporting these three global business units is our Technology and Value-Added Services group, which has invested in expanding our offering of innovative practice management solutions and financial products and services that help our customers reduce costs and improve profitability. Recent examples of our innovation driving efficiency in our customers’ practices include enhancements to our practice-to-lab Digital Dental Exchange (DDX), integrated supply chain management between our Animal Health Practice Solutions and Intelligent Inventory, as well as enhancements to our Exan software, which serves more than 85% of dental schools in North America.
Our goal is to have our customers and supplier partners “Rely on Us.” We strive to be a trusted advisor to our customers—a provider of solutions that are distinguished by the widest possible selection of products and value-added services; by providing expert advice that reflects a global perspective and an appreciation of local market differences; and by maintaining long-term commitment for support. We help our customers operate more efficient and profitable practices so they can focus on providing the best possible
patient care. Similarly, for our supplier partners, Henry Schein represents expanded markets for their products; strong partnership with a single organization; proven success in understanding and communicating valuable product attributes; and the
ability to help grow market share.
In 2013, we were pleased to climb to number 296 on the FORTUNE® 500 ranking of the largest U.S. corporations as measured by sales, and to again be selected as a component of the NASDAQ®- 100, a globally recognized index that ranks the top 100 NASDAQ® Stock Market non-financial stocks
by market capitalization.
We also were gratified to be recognized for the positive difference we are making in the communities we serve around the world. In 2013 and 2014, Henry Schein was once again included in FORTUNE’s list of the World’s Most Admired Companies, ranking first in our industry for social responsibility and numerous other categories. This year marks the 13th consecutive year that Henry Schein has been named to this prestigious list. For three consecutive years, Henry Schein has been included in the Ethisphere® Institute’s list of the World’s Most Ethical Companies for exemplary ethical leadership, worldwide business standards and commitment to corporate social responsibility. And Henry Schein was featured in a Harvard Business School Case Study, which focused on the Company’s path to becoming a values- driven, highly successful global health care company.
At Henry Schein, we believe that our model of “doing well by doing good” is not only the “right thing to do,” but is also a powerful driver of organizational success and creating shareholder value. Henry Schein Cares, our global corporate social responsibility program, helped advance access to care around the world by focusing on wellness, prevention, treatment, and education; emergency preparedness and relief; and building health care capacity. This is our “higher ambition” as a company, which was demonstrated in 2013 through numerous programs: American Dental Association’s Give Kids A Smile; Henry’s Angels; Healthy Lifestyles, Healthy Communities; Back To School; Holiday Cheer for Children; Henry Schein Think Pink, Practice Pink; New York University College of Dentistry/Henry Schein Cares Global Dental Student
Outreach Program; Alliance for Oral Health Across Borders; Global Product Donation Program; and supplies and financial aid following several devastating events, including Hurricane Sandy on the U.S.
East Coast, the tornadoes in Oklahoma and the typhoon in the Philippines.
Our commitment to
balancing the needs of
our five constituencies—
supplier partners, our
customers, Team Schein,
investors and society—
remains central to our
success. More than 16,000 Team
Schein Members in 26 countries
share a collective commitment to drive the business success of our customers, which continues to fuel the financial success of our Company. This is an important reason why I am confident that Henry Schein’s best years are yet to come. On behalf of our Board of Directors and my Team Schein colleagues, thank you for your continued support and for continuing to “Rely on Us.”
Sincerely,
Stanley M. Bergman
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
March 2014
Forward looking statements made in this report are subject to the reservations specified in the Safe Harbor statement noted in the Company’s 10-k filing
A MeSSAge FroM tHe cHAirMAn oF tHe boArd And cHieF executive oFFicer
   #296
 FORTUNE® 500 RANkING OF THE LARGEST U.S. CORPORATIONS
            MEMbER
NASDAq®
100
  6
Henry ScHein 2013 7
