To Our Stockholders
Steady improvements in the economic climate and our operations, as well as the strategic allocation of resources for acquisitions and capital investments to our existing portfolio, helped Host Hotels & Resorts begin to recover from 2009, one of the most difficult years in the history of the lodging industry. By year end, our strategy helped drive a 53% increase in our stock price, significantly outpacing both the Standard & Poor's and the Morgan Stanley REIT indices for the year.
2 010 Acco mp li s h ments

· A revenue increase of 7.1% to over $4.4 billion for 2010 driven by comparable hotel RevPAR growth of 5.8% that significantly exceeded our expectations and industrywide performance of 5.5% growth. The improve ment in RevPAR was driven by increases in occupancy of 3.8 percentage points, while average room rates were essentially flat. How ever, as the year progressed, average rates showed substan tial improvement, driven by both a shift to higherW. Edward Walter
President and Chief Executive Officer

2010 turned out to be much better than anyone in the lodging industry anticipated. We were able to take advantage of the nascent recovery from the deep global recession because of effective and forwardlooking financial man agement that left us well-positioned to pursue opportunities to grow and improve on our portfolio of premium assets. We are in a unique position to thrive during what we believe are the early stages of a sustained growth period in the lodging industry that will be driven by low levels of new supply and increasing demand. When analyzing the accomplishments of 2010, it's important to remember where we began the year. The lodging industry had just experienced a decline in RevPAR of over 16% in 2009 and weakness in the credit markets had created an environment where financing for hotel transactions was generally unavailable. As a result of our careful financial stewardship over the past several years, we were poised to take advantage of opportunities as the operating and financing environment improved, shifting our focus from increasing liquidity to strategically raising and deploying capital. Some of the highlights for 2010 and early 2011 include:

Richard E. marriott
Chairman of the Board

rated transient business and actual rate increases;

· An increase in Funds from Operations in 2010 of 33% to $.68 per diluted share, while Adjusted EBITDA grew 3.3% to $824 million. Diluted loss per share improved 53% to $.21 per share for the year; · Completing over $500 million in acquisitions in 2010 including the purchase of the W New York ­ Union Square, the Westin Chicago River North, the Le Méridien Piccadilly in London and the JW Marriott Hotel Rio de Janeiro; · Acquiring $1 billion in assets in the first three months of 2011 by purchasing the Manchester Grand Hyatt San Diego, the New York Helmsley Hotel and a portfolio of seven properties in New Zealand managed by Accor under the ibis and Novotel brands;

COVER: A seamless blend of classic architecture and modern design, the  W New York -- Union Square Hotel offers the charm of old New York with a savvy W touch. This masterpiece is tucked in the heart of Silicon Alley, where cutting edge technology and international business thrive.

1

· Investing in our existing assets to enhance the overall return on our investment provides some of our highest investment yields. In 2010, we invested over $114 million in these projects, including the addition of a 21,500 square foot ballroom and 4,500 square foot outdoor venue space at the Westin Kierland Resort & Spa, as well as several green initiatives such as the installation of energy efficient AquaRecycle systems that reclaim and reuse laundry wastewater at our properties; and · Strengthening our balance sheet by lowering our debt-to-equity ratio and reducing our average interest rate through the reduction in debt and preferred stock of over $460 million and issuing more than $400 million of equity, adding ample capital to fund acquisitions.
2011 Expectations

on improving RevPAR by increasing rate and shifting business to higher-rated group and transient business, all of which drive the bottom line. We will benefit from limited supply growth as development financing for hotels was in the past very limited and there is a long lead-time from inception to completion of the development of an upper upscale or luxury hotel. This positive supply/demand relationship and the improving economic outlook is a strong indicator for improving financial performance in 2011. We are more convinced than ever that our combination of quality assets, financial strength and management expertise creates an attractive opportunity for our company and our investors. We will continue to build on our industry leading position and work to provide superior returns to our stockholders.

Looking forward, it's easy to get excited by the potential for our company. Despite the turmoil in the Middle East and the recent tragedy in Japan, the current consensus economic forecast still predicts an improving economy, which, when combined with reduced unemployment levels, bode well for lodging demand. Consistent with the early stages of an upturn in the lodging cycle, we expect to continue to benefit from rising demand as occupancy levels are currently well below our prior stabilized levels. With these expected increases in occupancy, our managers will be focused
W. Edward Walter Richard E. Marriott

Chairman of the Board

President and Chief Executive Officer
March 23, 2011

2

