TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
   W. EDWARD WALTER
President and Chief Executive Officer
RICHARD E. mARRIOTT
Chairman of the Board
Host Hotels & ResoRts Had an outstanding yeaR in 2012. ouR focused and disciplined execution of long-teRm stRategic ini- tiatives Has fuRtHeR solidified ouR position as tHe nation’s laRgest lodging Real estate investment tRust. we Have continued to aggRessively manage ouR existing poRtfolio and pRactice a systematic and disciplined appRoacH to capital allocation, wHile expanding ouR global platfoRm acRoss taRget maRkets in euRope, latin ameRica and tHe asia-pacific Regions. ouR poRtfolio boasts a bRoad aRRay of pRemium bRands and key maRket locations, caRefully diRected by ouR expeRienced management team to dRive opeRating peRfoRmance.
In 2012, we overcame significant headwinds caused by financial and political difficulties in the United States and across the globe to achieve our third year in a row of increased revenues. Our results were driven by strong group and transient demand, as well as rate growth, and solid
cost controls, resulting in substantially improved operating performance. Some of the highlights for 2012 include:
3 Total revenue increased 7.4%, reflecting a 5.5% increase in revenue at our comparable hotels, as well as incre- mental revenues from 11 properties acquired in 2012 and 2011. The increase in comparable hotel revenues was driven by a 3.6% increase in average daily rates and growth in occupancy resulting in a 6.4% increase in RevPAR. The key driver of our business this year was a more than 4% increase in group room nights, which allowed operators to aggressively increase room rates especially in our transient segments;
3 Adjusted funds from Operations increased by 20% to $1.10 per diluted share, while Adjusted EBITDA grew 17% to $1.190 billion. Net income for the year was $63 million, while diluted earnings per common share was $.08 for the year;
3 We acquired the Grand Hyatt Washington in July for $400 million, a great asset with a superb location in a strong market with long-term growth potential. Globally, we continued to invest through our joint ventures, acquiring properties valued at nearly $700 million in france, Germany, The Netherlands and Australia;
3 We completed the sale of four properties in 2012 and early 2013 for proceeds of $445 million , taking advantage of market conditions to rebalance investments in our portfolio and provide capital to fund acquisitions and for the repayment of debt;
3 We invested $272 million in redevelopment and return-on-investment capital projects that are designed to increase the profitability of our properties. These projects include the recently re-branded, Westin New York Grand Central, whose conversion included the complete renovation of 774 guestrooms, the ballroom and meet- ing space, fitness center, lobby and public areas, as well as the development of a new bar and restaurant;
2 HOST HOTELS & RESORTS 2012

 3 We entered into a lease agreement with Vornado Realty Trust to create superior high-end retail space, as well as a captivating six-story, block front, LED signage at the New York marriott marquis that will dramatically improve its presence in Times Square. The new lease is expected to generate substantial economic benefits and has already increased rental income by more than $6 million annually;
3 We entered into a joint venture agreement with Hyatt Residential Group to develop, sell and operate a 131-unit vacation ownership project on vacant land we owned adjacent to our Hyatt Regency maui Resort & Spa on Kaanapali Beach. In addition to profit from the sale of units, we expect to benefit from synergies created with the resort;
3 We achieved an investment grade rating for our senior debt as a result of our unwavering pursuit of a strong balance sheet. We achieved this milestone by lowering our debt-to-EBITDA ratio, reducing our average interest rate and lengthening our average debt maturities;
3 We declared nearly $220 million in dividends, or $.30 per share in 2012, more than doubling the prior year amount.
Our accomplishments demonstrate a focused and disciplined approach to running our business that has made us a recognized leader in the lodging industry. We have judiciously accessed capital throughout the lodging cycle, taking advantage of market conditions to invest in our portfolio to enhance customer satisfaction and increase profitability, while significantly improving the competitive position of our properties to be prepared for the current upturn in market conditions. Over the past ten years we have greatly increased our brand diversity, while reallo- cating our investments into gateway cities and key international markets where we believe industry fundamentals are strong and the potential for growth is highest. We anticipate that hotel demand will continue to grow in 2013 as the world economy improves, leading to increasing demand that will continue to exceed available supply in the near term, driving RevPAR increases and bottom line results.
We believe that the long-term outlook and strong underlying industry fundamentals will continue to gain momentum throughout 2013 and 2014, providing an improving marketplace for well-positioned companies like Host to thrive. With ownership interests in over 140 hotels across the U.S., Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific that are operated by world-class operators with well recognized brands, we have established a platform for long- term success. We are convinced that our combination of quality assets, financial strength and management expertise creates an attractive opportunity for our company and investors. We appreciate your support and will continue to strive for increased stockholder value.
  W. EDWARD WALTER
President and Chief Executive Officer
RICHARD E. mARRIOTT
Chairman of the Board
march 23, 2013
HOST HOTELS & RESORTS 2012 3
