           John P. Bilbrey
President and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Stockholder,
March 18, 2014
The Hershey Company delivered another good year of financial and marketplace results in 2013. Confectionery is an advantaged category and Hershey continues to perform strongly as a category leader. Our results put us in a solid position and show that our responses to changing market conditions are driving overall category growth.
Hershey’s net sales increased 7.6 percent in 2013 versus a year ago, giving us another year of record net sales at $7,146,079,000. This was our fourth consecutive year of at least 7 percent sales growth. Our 2013 adjusted earnings per share-diluted growth was 14.8 percent, our fifth consecutive year of double-digit percentage EPS increases.
Our 2013 performance demonstrates that our business model is working. We recognize, however, that consumer needs and behavior continuously evolve. This is why we’ve been building our proprietary Insights Driven Performance platform and our capabilities as a “knowledge” company. In 2014, we will use our consumer data and insights to understand consumer shopping patterns, purchasing decisions and consumption so we can go to market with the right products in the right places, merchandised to meet the everyday needs of our consumers. Our initial work in this area has already contributed to accelerated profitable organic sales growth and enabled Hershey to reclaim its candy, mint and gum category leadership position in 2013 in the United States with a 31.1 percent share of the market.
We believe the investments we’re making in our businesses around the world position us for further growth. Our focus on our key global brands is fueling company growth, with Hershey’s, Reese’s, Kisses, Jolly Rancher and Ice Breakers combined sales in 2013 up about 9 percent compared to the prior year. In the United States, our core brands such as Reese’s, Kit Kat and Rolo, as well as Brookside, all gained market share.
I’m pleased with the continued success of our international businesses. For the full year, our international net sales increased about 16 percent, including the impact of foreign currency exchange rates. This puts us on track to achieve close to $1 billion in sales in these markets by the end of 2014. A highlight of our international progress last year was our announcement to acquire the well-known Chinese confectionery company Shanghai Golden Monkey. The strength of Shanghai Golden Monkey‘s complementary product portfolio, manufacturing expertise and overall distribution capabilities gives us the opportunity to make the iconic brands of both companies even more powerful in our fastest-growing market.
In 2013, Hershey was the fastest growing chocolate company in China, reflecting consumers’ response to innovation such as Hershey’s Drops and Hershey’s Kisses Deluxe Chocolates and effective advertising support of our brands. As a result, China was our best performing international market with full-year retail takeaway up about 45 percent. Importantly, in November we crossed a major milestone, achieving a 10.2 percent share of the China chocolate market.
Our momentum gives us confidence that the investments we’ve made, and will continue to make, in consumer insights and route-to-market, will benefit our business in the near and long term.

Throughout 2013, Hershey continued to demonstrate its leadership as a corporate citizen. Our efforts resulted in achieving a number of milestones and receiving recognition from important stakeholders:
• Dow Jones Sustainability World Index ranked Hershey’s sustainability performance in the top 10 percent of all companies in the global food, beverage & tobacco industry.
• Bloomberg Civic 50 List named Hershey as the only confectionary company on its list and awarded us with three Gold Medals in the six categories ranked.
• Our CocoaLink technology program for cocoa farmers surpassed 40,000 users in Ghana. The program improves livelihoods for cocoa farmers and their communities. Since 2011, cocoa farmers in 1,700 communities have received more than 850,000 free SMS texts.
• Hershey exceeded several 2015 environmental targets years ahead of schedule:
—Converted six manufacturing facilities to ZWL (Zero-Waste-to-Landfill) status by 2013, surpassing our 2015 goal of five.
—Achieved a recycling rate of 86.6 percent, beating our 2015 goal of 85 percent by the end of 2013.
—Reduced water consumption per pound of product by 58 percent by the end of 2012, far exceeding our 2015 goal of 10 percent.
Our United Way employee campaigns in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Brazil, India and China raised more than $2.95 million, a record amount for Hershey.
These results show our Hershey values in action and build upon our great reputation among our loyal consumers around the world.
Looking ahead to 2014, we have solid consumer-driven plans focused on core brand growth and innovation. We’re excited about the potential of our newest products, including York Minis, Hershey’s Spreads, Lancaster Caramel Soft Crèmes and Brookside Crunchy Clusters in the United States, and Hershey’s Kisses Deluxe Chocolates in China as well as the continued rollout of our global brands in key international markets. We are confident of the plans we have in place and believe they will result in another year of solid net sales and earnings growth.
I believe that our solid plans, disciplined execution and key initiatives, including our acquisition of Shanghai Golden Monkey, which we expect to complete in the second half of 2014, will enable us to achieve our goals in 2014 and continue to deliver value for all of our stockholders.
I want to thank all of our stockholders for their continued support and dedication to The Hershey Company.
John P. Bilbrey
Safe Harbor Statement
Please refer to the 2013 Annual Report to Stockholders that accompanies this letter for a discussion of Risk Factors that could cause future results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, expectations and assumptions expressed or implied in this letter to stockholders or elsewhere. This letter to stockholders is not part of our proxy soliciting material.
  