                   John P. Bilbrey
President and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Stockholder,
March 20, 2012
I’m pleased to report that The Hershey Company delivered another strong year, posting net sales above $6 billion for the first time. Our adjusted earnings per share-diluted (adjusted EPS), which we define on page 21 of the Annual Report to Stockholders that accompanies this letter, grew 10.6%, our third consecutive year of a double-digit percentage increase in adjusted EPS.
In a challenging economic environment with commodity price volatility, we improved our results in virtually every market in which we do business and grew across all of the channels of trade in which we compete. Our full-year 2011 net sales were $6,080,788,000 compared with $5,671,009,000 in 2010, a 7.2% increase. Our full-year 2011 adjusted EPS was $2.82 versus $2.55 for 2010. In addition, we increased the dividend rate on Common Stock by 10% in February 2012.
These results reflect the strength of our strategies to build on our leadership in North America while expanding the business globally. It also reflects the unwavering commitment of our nearly 14,000 employees to execute with excellence.
The confectionery category continues to grow, and our performance continues to outpace the category. In the United States, retail takeaway in the channels that account for more than 80% of our retail sales increased 7.8% for the year. Our market share grew for the third consecutive year. We also continued our leadership in the key seasons in 2011. For example, our fourth quarter seasonal category sales, which include Halloween and Holiday, grew more than 4% and Hershey fourth quarter seasonal retail takeaway was up 5.8%, resulting in a market share increase of 0.5 points.
Another area where our performance stands out is the convenience-store channel. We continued to leverage our superior insights and strong customer relationships to accelerate performance in this important channel. With the help of our outstanding team of in-store Retail Sales Representatives, who give us a distinct competitive advantage, the fourth quarter of 2011 was Hershey’s 15th consecutive quarter of increased C-store retail takeaway. Our king-size pack types and strong in-store merchandising and programming continued to drive solid volume gains in this channel. As a result, our 2011 market share in C-stores increased 1.4 share points.
While we continued to fortify North America, we also grew in our focus countries of Mexico, Brazil, China and India, with combined sales growth in these countries of about 25% in 2011. These are dynamic economies with a growing middle class population eager to enjoy the goodness of Hershey products. In 2012, we’ll open an Asia Research and Development Center in Shanghai that will support our key international markets, enabling us to quickly develop and test new products in the marketplace.
I’m also excited about our recent acquisition of Brookside Foods Ltd. With proprietary technology to produce chocolate-covered fruit-juice pieces, these great-tasting products deliver the benefits of flavanols and antioxidants and are a good complement to our portfolio. Brookside’s compound annual growth rate has increased about 20% during the past three years. To meet the manufacturing needs of this fast-growing business, we will add manufacturing capacity in 2012 and expect to have it up and running by year end. We look forward to building the Brookside brand in the U.S. and Canada and leveraging Hershey’s scale at retail.

Our success in 2011 also shows that we win when we bring relevant variety and innovation to the confectionery category. We will build on our 2011 success with a solid line-up of innovative products, promotions, programs and merchandising.
We are making progress in every market where we sell our products. As we look ahead to 2012 and beyond, we will focus on a long-range plan and vision that will guide our success in the global marketplace. We will continue to invest in our brands, consumer insights capabilities and innovation leadership as we build a high-performing, knowledge-based global company.
In the United States, we are nearly finished with the expansion of the West Hershey manufacturing facility, which is the cornerstone of our Project Next Century U.S. supply chain initiative. This project will improve our competitiveness and efficiency and create one of the largest and most modern chocolate manufacturing facilities in the world.
Doing business in a responsible fashion is embedded in the heritage of The Hershey Company. In 2011, we continued our leadership in this area with new and innovative corporate responsibility programs that distinguish your company. We invested in the cocoa communities of West Africa to drive sustainable programs benefitting farmers and their families. This builds on more than a decade of Hershey work in the region. Hershey also has always been dedicated to giving back to the communities where we live and work. We continued our strong support of important organizations such as the United Way and The Children’s Miracle Network in 2011, supported by the generous contributions of our employees globally.
As we work to deliver against our net sales and earnings growth expectations for 2012, we bring strong momentum, great employees and proven strategies into the new year. Our management team is confident in the Company’s ability to deliver long-term value for all of our stockholders.
Thank you for your continued support.
John P. Bilbrey
Safe Harbor Statement
Please refer to the 2011 Annual Report to Stockholders that accompanies this letter for a discussion of Risk Factors that could cause future results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, expectations and assumptions expressed or implied in this letter to stockholders or elsewhere. This letter to stockholders is not part of our proxy soliciting material.
  