Letter to Our Shareholders
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
t is no secret that the primary businesses that make up the Ruddick
Corporation — supermarkets and textiles — are highly competitive. Our commitment to succeed in these industries requires that we constantly improve ourselves to meet the changing needs of our customers, the economy and the marketplace. Ruddick Corporation’s attention to fundamentals combined with the talent and dedication of our associates makes this process of improvement possible, and has brought your corporation through a challenging year in a sound financial position.
Fiscal 2004 results benefited from a strong performance at Harris Teeter and an additional week of operations. Consolidated results for fiscal 2004 (a 53-week year) compared to the 52 weeks of fiscal 2003 were:
* Net sales increased 5.3% to $2.87 billion from $2.72 billion
* Operating profit increased 10.1% to $112 million from $102 million
* Net income increased 8.0% to $64.7 million from $59.9 million
* Earnings per share on a diluted basis increased 7.0% to $1.38 from $1.29
These results have allowed us, in addition to our planned capital expenditures, to pay down debt, make substantial contributions to our pension plans, and build up our cash reserves. We have a very strong balance sheet, one of the strongest in the recent history of the company.
The competitive landscape in retail food is a rapidly changing environment to which Harris Teeter continues to adapt. Our supermarkets are in the fast growing southeast region of the country and we see competitors arriving daily.
The continued growth of supercenters, chain drug stores and dollar stores has resulted in more retail formats vying for customers’ food dollars. At the same time, customers expect great values and great service regardless of where they shop.
PG1 Ruddick Corporation & Subsidiaries Annual Report ’04
I

 Thomas W. Dickson
President and
Chief Executive Officer
John B. Woodlief
Vice President – Finance and Chief Financial Officer
Fred J.Morganthall, II
President – Harris Teeter
Harris Teeter has had considerable success this past year in attracting new customers as well as retaining existing customers, resulting in a comparable stores sales gain of 2.97%, one of the highest gains among supermarket retailers.
We strive to know and understand the demographic makeup of our customers as well as their needs, and have embarked on strategies to give them the highest possible level of service while providing significant values through our promotional programs.
We believe our Very Important Customer (VIC) rewards program is one of the most successful in the industry, creating customer loyalty through special pricing, product giveaways and sweepstakes.
In addition, the knowledge we gather about our customers’ buying habits as well as current trends, allows us to anticipate their needs and merchandise our different departments accordingly, providing superior variety and selection.
We have continued to adapt our stores to provide an enjoyable shopping experience for our customers. Our ever-improving new store design and our aggressive remodel programs keep our stores looking new and inviting to our customers.
At the same time, we are constantly looking throughout our organization for ways to improve efficiencies and reduce costs. All of these efforts have resulted in another year of improved operating performance despite the ever-changing retail landscape.
American & Efird, as the world’s second-largest producer of sewing thread, is closely tied to the fortunes of the apparel industry, which has been significantly impacted by increasing globalization over the past decade. Shirts, suits, jackets, dresses, underwear, blouses and skirts that used to be made in the United States are now put together nearly half a globe away.
This environment will be further altered in 2005 as import quotas for apparel expire and sourcing patterns by retailers change. American & Efird’s challenge is to follow our customers while still retaining the high quality of product and service that is our company’s hallmark.
   Fred A. Jackson
President – American & Efird
PG2 Ruddick Corporation & Subsidiaries Annual Report ’04

About 53 percent of American & Efird’s sales in fiscal 2004 were generated by its foreign operations, up from only about 29 percent in fiscal 1999. In order to service these customers, American & Efird now has investments or licensees in manufacturing facilities and service centers in Africa, Asia, Canada, the Caribbean, Central America, Europe, Mexico, and South America. This is in addition to the manufacturing facilities and service centers in the United States.
However, whether the work is done in a wholly owned facility, a joint venture or through a license agreement, the quality and service must be the same worldwide. American & Efird continues to see improved results from its global positioning.
In addition to following our customers, we are following our customers’ customers — the retail chains, brand marketers, and name-brand fashion houses that buy and retail the finished goods. For a number of years we have undertaken a significant education process with these “end users” to show them the quality and efficiency we can bring to the manufacturing process, so they will specify American & Efird thread in the garments they sell. This “push-pull” strategy sets American & Efird apart in the marketplace, and is one more example of how we are adapting toward our success.
In closing, my thanks go to all of our associates throughout the world for their dedication, their passion for excellent customer service, and all they do on a day-to-day basis that demonstrates their commitment to not only their success but the success of Ruddick as well.
 Thomas W. Dickson
President and Chief Executive Officer
PG3 Ruddick Corporation & Subsidiaries Annual Report ’04
