Ruddick Corporation and Subsidiaries annual report 2002
We take a long-term approach to managing your company and we know that our strategies are sound and our execution is capable.
moving | forward | thinking
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
The year ended September 29, 2002, was a very encouraging one for Ruddick Corporation. Fiscal 2001 was a pivotal year in which management at Ruddick made a number of strategic decisions; fiscal 2002 was a year that validated these decisions. Both our Harris Teeter supermarket segment and our American & Efird industrial thread segment faced adverse economic conditions, yet Harris Teeter posted record operating income in fiscal 2002 and A&E achieved improved operating results as the year progressed. These improvements did not “just happen.”
Our focus on core markets in our Harris Teeter
segment provided us with strong results in spite of operating in a difficult environment. Our increased focus on A&E’s foreign expansion enabled us to serve our worldwide customer base and allowed us to participate in the recent improvement in the textile industry worldwide, despite continuing difficult conditions on the domestic front.
Now, we enter fiscal 2003 with a year of accomplishments behind us and with the confidence that we will continue to build on our achievements. But we recognize that this will be difficult because the current economic environment means that 2003 promises to be another very competitive year.
   American & Efird
Harris Teeter
page 1

HARRIS TEETER: BUILDING CUSTOMER LOYALTY
In 2001 Harris Teeter exited several non-core markets, including Atlanta. This was a difficult decision, but we knew that it was the right thing to do. It enabled us to focus on our core markets, and during the year, we opened 12 new stores, most of which were in markets where we hold a prominent market share position. This further cemented our leadership position, although it resulted in some cannibalization of sales from existing stores. Despite this cannibalization, and in an environment where many other supermarket operators experienced comparable store sales declines, Harris Teeter comparable store sales were relatively flat. We are pleased with this performance under the difficult economic conditions and believe that it reflects well on the execution of our strategic plans to drive customer sales and customer visits.
We believe that our customers are loyal to us because we provide them with everything they want in their grocery shopping experience. We have attractive, well-designed stores, the best selection of items, especially produce and fresh meats and the best
customer service, all at competitive prices.
Our initiatives to improve sales and service did not diminish our focus on improving our bottom line. We successfully implemented and benefited from programs designed to reduce waste and improve employee productivity. The operating margin at our Harris Teeter segment increased to 3.75%, reaching an all-time high, despite the highly competitive supermarket environment
in which, industry-wide, margins declined.
We are proud of our many associates in our Harris
Teeter stores, whose efforts have produced these significant improvements. Our selection process and testing programs enable us to hire the best applicants and they benefit from our ongoing training programs. Their hard work and attention to customer service and satisfaction have been instrumental in realizing our operating improvements.
A&E: BENEFITING FROM OUR FOREIGN GROWTH
2002 saw a continuation of the trends in the textile industry that had prevailed throughout recent years. Demand for apparel and other textile products
Ruddick Corporation and Subsidiaries annual report 2002
 On May 1, 2002 the Ruddick Corporation announced that R. Stuart Dickson
and Alan T. Dickson, Chairman of the Executive Committee and Chairman of the Board, respectively, retired as officers and employees of the Corporation.
Stuart and Alan are valued for their vision, their focus, their dedication and their practical approach to business. We are truly grateful for the leadership they have provided over the past 34 years. And we appreciate the continuity and guidance that Stuart and Alan will continue to give, as they remain a valuable counsel to the management team.
R. Stuart Dickson has been Chairman of the Executive Committee since February 1994. Prior to that time he had been Chairman of the Board of the Corporation since its formation in October 1968.
Alan T. Dickson has been Chairman of the Board since February 1994. Prior to that time he had been President of the Corporation since its formation in October 1968.
They will remain on the Board of Directors and continue to serve the Corporation as Chairman of the Executive Committee and Chairman of the Board. In addition, they will be available to management for strategic advice and counsel.
We also want to express our gratitude to John W. Copeland, formerly President of
page 2
Ruddick and American & Efird, and to Hugh L. McColl, Jr., both of whom retired from the Board of Directors this year. We appreciate their guidance and knowledge, and their contributions will be missed.
We are pleased that the vacancies on the board have been filled by John P. Derham Cato, President, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Cato Corporation, and Robert H. Spilman, Jr, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Bassett Furniture Industries, Inc. These men bring a broad range of knowledge and experience to our Board and we look forward to their advice and counsel in the future.

    Thomas W. Dickson
President and Chief Executive Officer
John Woodlief
Vice President – Finance and Chief Financial Officer
Alan T. Dickson
Chairman of the Board
R. Stuart Dickson
Chairman of the Executive Committee
remained under pressure, especially domestically. Many textile companies in the U.S. have declared bankruptcy and others face difficult circumstances. It is unfortunate, but a number of U.S. producers have been unable to compete with foreign producers, given the lower labor costs as well as the shift in production away from the U.S.
Many of the steps we took in 2001 and earlier years positioned us as a global supplier, and in the fourth quarter of the year our foreign sales exceeded 50% of total A&E sales for the first time. We expect this trend to continue as we focus on serving our customers’ changing needs worldwide.
We operate in two highly competitive industries, and we know that we cannot stand still or rest on our past achievements. In both of our businesses we must meet our customers’ needs and preferences. In the supermarket business that means being convenient, and providing a wide selection of high-quality items with the best service possible. These same characteristics define our relationship with our customers in the thread business. We go where they go, we produce the best threads to the highest specifications, and we meet our customers’ just in time requirements, all at competitive prices.
As we enter fiscal 2003, your management team fully recognizes that 2003 will present challenges. Demand for textile products, which had shown some improvement during the second half of fiscal 2002, reversed trend and softened in September, reflecting the weakness in domestic apparel and home furnishings
markets. The supermarket environment continues to be very competitive and further improvement will be especially challenging.
However, we are prepared for these problems. We take a long-term approach to managing your company, and we know that our strategies are sound and our execution is capable. We realize that we cannot control the economy or how our competitors react, but we can control how we react, and we have the resources, the will and the people to continue to execute our strategies.
Our mandate remains the same: we are dedicated to increasing sales and profitability at our Harris Teeter stores and will continue to focus on improving customer satisfaction and employee productivity. Our success at A&E requires that we continue our technological improvements and provide our global customer base with competitively priced, technologically superior products. In closing, we know that challenges lie ahead. We thank our associates for their contributions to record achievements in fiscal 2002, and we look forward to continued support of our associates and shareholders as we enter fiscal 2003.
Alan T. Dickson
Chairman of the Board
Thomas W. Dickson
President and Chief Executive Officer
Ruddick Corporation and Subsidiaries annual report 2002
  page 3
