  RUDDICK CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES ANNUAL REPORT TWO THOUSAND THREE
 RUDDICK CORPORATION
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS The year ended September 28, 2003 was another challenging but positive year for Ruddick Corporation. The performance of our company must be evaluated in the context of the overall economic environment in which our two subsidiaries operate. A year ago, as fiscal 2002 came to a close and fiscal 2003 began, we expressed our belief that fiscal 2003 would be a difficult year for our Harris Teeter supermarket and our American & Efird (ÒA&EÓ) sewing thread subsidiaries.
As we expected, both of our operating companies encountered significant competition and the general economic environment did not begin to show signs of improvement until the end of the year. However, strategic decisions implemented in recent years have positioned our company to capture additional market share where possible while meeting evolving customer demand. Given the adverse business
conditions and competitive environment affecting our company, we are pleased with our fiscal 2003 results.
Although the general economic conditions have improved, the competitive environments that we operate in show no signs of easing. Over the past several years we have had to make
a number of difficult decisions, decisions that although distressing were necessary and have strengthened our competitive position. We will continue to focus on expanding our customer base, reducing costs and improving efficiencies.
HARRIS TEETER Continuing to stress our core competencies We have succeeded in our Harris Teeter supermarket division with targeted, aggressive, promotional activities. We know our customer, and we are focused on serving that customer. We consistently provide our customers with a shopping experience that differentiates us from our competition. Our stores are among the most attractive in the industry, and our selection and quality of both dry grocery and perishable foods is second to none. And while we are known for these attributes, our promotional activity and our private label brands provide the customer with very competitive values.
Our customer service philosophy is instilled in all of our associates because we recognize that our customers are ultimately the most important drivers of our business. We provide the best service, selection and quality available, and we realize that our customers also demand good value, especially in this economic environment.
THOMAS W. DICKSON
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 
  RUDDICK CORPORATION & SUBSIDIARIES
ANNUAL REPORT TWO THOUSAND THREE
     JOHN WOODLIEF
VICE PRESIDENT Ð FINANCE AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
FRED J. MORGANTHALL, II
PRESIDENT HARRIS TEETER
FRED A. JACKSON
PRESIDENT AMERICAN & EFIRD
Our promotional programs have been one key in establishing consumer loyalty which has enabled us to generate same store sales gains while many others in the industry have seen their sales contract. As impressive as our sales gains have been under the circumstances, we are pleased that we continue to improve our operating margins through dedicated cost reduction and operating efficiencies. We conduct ongoing training programs to make our associates more productive and better able to serve our customers. This leads to higher sales and better profitability and better customer satisfaction.
A&E Extending our global reach At our American & Efird sewing thread subsidiary, we have been proactive in investing and expanding internationally to meet shifting customer demands. The domestic textile and apparel industry faces pressures that are as severe now as at any time in recent memory and show no signs of easing. Production in the U.S. continues to shrink as imports gain market share and many of our customers have closed or shifted their manufacturing requirements outside of North America. As a result of expanding our presence internationally to meet the changing demand, we have managed to remain profitable throughout these difficult times.
We continued throughout the year to consolidate our domestic production, which was necessary to adjust to the reduced level of demand within North America. By shifting our production to meet demand globally, we are capitalizing on opportunities to continue our growth in Asia, Latin America, Europe and Africa, and to improve our competitive position.
American & Efird is well-positioned to succeed in the industrial thread industry. Despite increased competition both at home and abroad, our position as one of only two truly global players provides us with an opportunity to service our customers with high quality thread throughout the world. A&E will continue to invest in technology, manufacturing capacity and distribution to capture market share globally.
We work closely with our customers so that they can schedule their production and know that we will have the right thread at their machines as needed. Our ability to match colors and provide thread with specific characteristics on a just-in-time basis is one of the reasons A&E is considered the preferred choice for thread by our customers.
2

  Where do we go from here? We are pleased by the success that we have achieved in what has been a challenging year. Our Harris Teeter supermarkets are recognized as among the best in the industry. We carry the best and freshest selection of fresh foods including meat and produce, and our associates are well trained and informed. We believe that we are a leader in the industry for our dedication to customer service and satisfaction and our selection of both dry grocery and perishable foods distinguishes us from our competition, both traditional and non-traditional food retailers.
Our A&E thread subsidiary has remained profitable, bucking industry trends, and our foresight and planning to expand our international presence is paying dividends. Although 2003 was a difficult year, we are now stronger and better positioned than we were even a year ago.
We remain cautious in our expectations for fiscal 2004 due to the intense competition in the retail grocery segment and the continued weak business conditions in the domestic textile and apparel segment. Additional operating efficiencies will be required to offset rising health care and benefit costs.
But we look forward to meeting the challenge. Our associates are committed to providing our customers with the quality products and excellent service that have been so instrumental in establishing both Harris Teeter and American & Efird as leaders in their respective industries.
Right now we are focused on fiscal 2004, but we always manage with a long-term perspective. We are confident that our strategies are sound, that we have a strong team that is committed to these strategies and that we are executing them properly. Our ability to adapt to changing situations is an important element of our long- term approach; we try to be prepared for all contingencies and we take the appropriate steps to deal with adversity.
Once again we thank our associates for their contributions to our success in fiscal 2003. We know that it is through their efforts that we are in position to succeed in fiscal 2004. We also appreciate the support of our shareholders and believe that managing our company for the long-term is in the best interests of our shareholders as well as our associates.
Thomas W. Dickson President and Chief Executive Officer
  3
