   To Our Stockholders:
    Despite the challenges of the global economic environment, at Humana in
2008 we extended our reputation as the consumer leader in health benefits, pioneered new forms of health and wellness for our more than 11 million health plan members and made significant strides in preparing our Medicare plans for the coming influx
of the baby boomer generation. In addition,
the company’s Commercial business showed membership gains in strategic areas like small group and individual, while our military business continued its successful, 14-year relationship with the Department of Defense.
      In Medicare Advantage, the expansion of our provider networks and our success in attracting increasing numbers of Private Fee-for-Service members to our network-based products positions us well as we prepare for changes in the Medicare program that will effectively eliminate the traditional Private Fee-for-Service plan option
in 2011. This is shown in the 2009 enrollment season that began in the last several weeks of 2008. During this period, we saw substantial progression in the number of members choosing to enroll in a network-based plan, with nearly 60 percent in such plans
in January 2009, up from 51 percent at the end of 2008.
In the company’s stand-alone Medicare Prescription Drug Plans (PDP), our processes were strengthened to ensure the issues that negatively impacted net income in 2008 were corrected prior to submitting, in June 2008, our plan bids for 2009, with no lingering effects expected on these plans or on any
other portions of Humana’s business.
As expected, the 2009 plan bids resulted in the attrition of approximately 924,000 stand-alone PDP members
in January 2009.
The combined impact of continued growth in our Medicare Advantage products and attrition in our stand-alone PDP offerings brought our total
medical membership to approximately 10.6 million in January 2009. For 2008, company revenues increased by
15 percent, to $28.95 billion from $25.29 billion in 2007. Net income
for 2008 was $647 million, or $3.83 per diluted share.
Michael B. McCallister
David A. Jones, Jr.
     2008 Annual Report 1
 
      Leadership in Health Benefits, New Paths to Consumer Health Two years ago we set forth 11 imperatives that we’re convinced a health benefits company must pursue if it wants to meet the needs of a changing population.
The 11 imperatives are:
• Join the rest of the economy.
As consumers shoulder a greater share of their cost of care, they will increasingly seek the value they’ve come to expect in other aspects of their purchasing lives.
• Drive integration toward a
total solution. Whether it’s a telecommunications company bundling everything from basic phone service to on-demand entertainment, or megastores that offer a wide variety of products under one roof, buyers want offerings that make their lives better and easier.
• Support our new role. Those who define a leading health benefits company as merely aggregating risk, building networks and paying claims will soon have less
than half the story. Today and tomorrow Humana is offering tools and programs that underpin a guidance role, leading to lower costs and better health.
• Exhibit a passion for the consumer.
• View consumerism as a strategy, not simply a product.
• Advance the growing convergence of health benefits and finance.
• Maximize the power of data.
• Value and build success through intangibles.
• Find opportunities to cooperate with competitors.
• Balance scale with innovation.
• Respond to the changing definition of health care.
We’ve made great progress implementing these imperatives,
all of which coalesce around one overarching goal: to help consumers and employers choose, finance, and use their health benefits
with confidence and success.
Here are Humana’s major recent accomplishments that have
resulted from our activating this future-oriented call to action.
We’ve put the consumer at the center of the health care equation by pioneering a bold value proposition: when consumers receive guidance and transparent, actionable information, they will be empowered to control their own health. The result has been lower costs and a superior health
plan experience.
We’ve more than doubled the size of our company – not primarily through acquisitions, but rather through organic growth. This is a testament to the power of our value proposition,
and to our best-in-class ability to sell our products and service them effectively once they’re sold.
          2 2008 Annual Report
  
 Diluted Earnings per Common Share
    $6
$5
$3
$2
$0
* Based on guidance mid-point
$5.90 to $6.10
    $4.91
   $2.90
    $3.83
                     2006 2007 2008 2009E*
CAGR is compounded annual growth rate
We’ve become sought-after leaders in lowering costs, improving
health outcomes and motivating consumers. As one among many examples, we’ve made significant headway engaging seniors before an episodic health event. More than 60 percent of our new Medicare Advantage members completed a Health Risk Assessment in 2008. As a result, 8 percent were referred to our Medical Case Management program, where
they receive personalized guidance
and actionable information tailored to their health care needs, and 18 percent were identified as candidates for our Integrated Medical and Behavioral Health program – in which improved quality of life is the objective, and where savings from better-coordinated medical care are nearly double the cost to Humana of program administration.
We’ve emerged as a public policy thought leader in Medicare, using the knowledge we’ve gained growing our Medicare business exponentially since 2006, together with our more than 20 years of experience in the program, to advance practical, proven solutions to the Medicare program’s looming cost crisis.
Finally – and most importantly
for the future – we’ve made significant strides toward broadening our orientation from “just” health benefits to health in general. Our emerging “consumerism 2.0” approach involves working closely with our members to create their wellness and well-being on
an individualized basis. Innovative, participatory programs like Freewheelinsm (which provided 1,000 free-of-charge bicycles to the 2008 Democratic and Republican national conventions), BCyclesm (which in January 2009 launched bike-sharing partnerships
with the National Park Service and the city of Denver), HorsePower Challenge, Battle of the Bulge® and Dancetown® have taken “Guidance when you need it most” to a new level. Our emphasis increasingly will be on providing opportunities for our members to improve their health in ways that
are measurable, that offer rewards,
that save money, that take maximum advantage of new-media tools like video “exergames” and social networks, and that are just plain fun.
sm
    2008 Annual Report 3
CAGR of 11%*
 
Our ability to save money
for seniors and for the
Medicare program through
our Medicare Advantage offerings is increasingly essential.
         A Road Map for the Future
This is a bold vision, but it is supported in two important ways. First, it is based on intensive consumer research; directionally, it’s very much in line with consumers’ evolving tastes, desires and capabilities. And second, it builds on
a foundation that is as solid as it’s ever been in our 48-year history as a company. The elements of this foundation are these:
A readiness to lead in the new political environment. We have long said that our nation’s health care system is not really a system at all, but rather
a disjointed collection of disparate businesses in need of fundamental reform. The new administration and
the new Congress appear ready to embrace this view. We, in turn, are ready and eager to work with them
on assuring health care coverage for all Americans, and on consumer-focused improvements that leverage Humana’s ability to organize, manage, standardize, simplify, integrate, and increase coordination of care.
Differentiated value propositions.
In our Government and Commercial businesses, Humana’s offerings are characterized by compelling value propositions that meet consumers
and employers where they are, and stand out from industry competitors through our non-commodity approach to benefits, ancillary products, and customer service. Our unique Humana Guidance Solution integrates four key elements – product and network design, clinical programs and forecasting, financial analysis and forecasting, and consumer education – while consumer offerings from other companies generally begin and end with the first
of the four. This proprietary approach leads to lower costs and a superior health plan experience for Humana’s primary customers: employers, employees, seniors, military retirees, and working-age individuals.
A focus on achieving low-cost positions. Our ability to save money for seniors and for the Medicare program through our Medicare Advantage offerings is increasingly essential as Medicare in its current form continues to progress toward insolvency. Similarly, our Commercial products are achieving low-cost positioning through
consumer guidance-driven utilization management, clinical initiatives, and
a Commercial network development strategy that leverages our Medicare expansion by executing provider contracts as strong as or stronger
than those of our competitors. In
the context of a troubled economic environment, this approach represents
a distinct competitive advantage.
      4 2008 Annual Report
   
  1,600
1,200
800
400
0
Medicare Advantage Membership
                          Dec.06 Dec.07 Dec.08 Jan.09
P F F S
H MO P P O
Innovative product designs.
Businesses that are fully engaged
with our innovative Smart family of consumer-focused products have experienced medical cost trends that
are both consistently and appreciably below health care inflation year in and year out. We’ve continued to innovate in response to employers’ needs through SmartResults,® a multi-year partnership between employer groups and Humana that focuses on employee health;
new Health Savings Account (HSA) offerings; and our groundbreaking alliance with the Business Health Care Group of Southeast Wisconsin, which has been hailed as a national model of information transparency and cost- effectiveness.
The economic downturn will cause consumers to seek value in their health plans more than
ever before.
   An insight-based understanding
of consumers’ needs. The economic downturn will cause consumers to seek value in their health plans more than ever before. Humana’s ability to analyze data and develop insights into members’ individual situations gives us an unmatched window on changing consumer needs. In addition, our specialty acquisitions over the past two years and our strategic focus
on one-to-one retail consumerism powerfully play into a value-oriented health plan market.
Superior distribution models.
Our career sales force is the largest
in the industry. By selling our products through highly trained, experienced
and successful in-house sales executives, we have a higher quality sales process, improved compliance and better member retention. Career sales agents are complemented by strong broker relationships, as well as continuing exclusive partnerships in Medicare
with State Farm® and USAA®.
       2008 Annual Report 5
    In thousands

   Engines of Transformation
There are two other elements that bode well for our ability to succeed and transform in the future.
Begun three years ago, our Perfect Servicesm initiative has made us service leaders, inside the health benefits industry and in the wider business world. In last year’s J.D. Power National Health Customer Satisfaction study of Commercial members, Humana finished first in overall satisfaction in key regions with significant Humana membership. The survey also confirmed that Humana delivers more consistent satisfaction than all other national plans. Part of
our ability to adjust quickly to changes in consumer needs has to do with the ECHO® (Every Customer Has an Opinion) system, an important part of Perfect Service. ECHO produces immediate feedback from 30,000 customers and consumers every month.
Among important groups that have taken note of ECHO and other aspects of Perfect Service is the Disney Institute. We first became engaged with Disney
as a participant in its world-class service training program. After three years Disney determined that our service progress qualified us as a model of
its principles, and in May of last year, Disney published a Humana business case study that has garnered widespread positive attention through seminars, workshops and presentations.
The second element is associate engagement. We’ve long recognized that the engagement of Humana employees, whom we call associates,
is at the core of our ability to engage our members. We also know that member engagement is the only
way to produce the kind of positive behavior change that improves health outcomes while reducing costs. Two years ago we became very intentional about measuring, and then raising, the engagement level of our associates.
The results have been extraordinary. For our service and information-technology associates, who were first to start on the engagement journey, the percentage
of engaged associates has doubled in 24 months. Their improved score is 16 percentage points higher than the U.S. working-population average, according to Gallup®, our partners in engagement enhancement. And improved engagement has led to improved associate retention.
Why is associate engagement so important? Besides fueling our ability to engage consumers, associate engagement is emerging as the differentiating characteristic of successful 21st-century enterprises. Engaged associates are able to respond nimbly to rapidly changing markets
and consumer preferences regardless
of the type of business they work for. They enable companies to transform quickly and effectively – as Humana is now doing, with our growing emphasis on health and health-related initiatives. We’re already an associate engagement leader in health benefits, and as the statistic above indicates, our associates are well ahead in comparison to employees across industries and
across the country.
              6 2008 Annual Report

   Summary
Toward the beginning of this letter, we cited 11 imperatives for success in the emerging world of health benefits. Of
all of them, the one we consider most important is to exhibit a passion for the consumer. Whether through our successful one-to-one retail approach to much of our current business, or through the kinds of innovative initiatives that collectively form our vision of “health” beyond health benefits, we are dedicated to enhancing our industry-leading commitment to consumers as unique individuals, and to consumerism as a game-changing business strategy in health care.
As you think about Humana’s future, we invite you to bear in mind the following essentials:
• We are firmly and successfully focused on the imperatives necessary to continue to be
a long-term leader.
• We are ready for the new political environment and eager to partner with government
on proactive solutions to our nation’s health policy problems.
• We are poised to achieve further growth in revenue and earnings on
a short- and long-term basis in our Medicare and Commercial businesses.
• We are a company dedicated to reducing costs and improving health through consumer engagement.
• We are a company that uses technology to enable new products and services, providing guidance and total solutions for employers and consumers.
• We are a company that uses research and development to foster constant innovation, positive behavior change and disease mitigation and prevention.
We welcome you to examine these essentials in more detail in the report that follows this letter, and we thank you for the confidence you’ve shown in our vision and execution.
Sincerely,
David A. Jones, Jr. Chairman of the Board Significant Stockholder
Michael B. McCallister Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Significant Stockholder
          This letter contains forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are advised to read the accompanying Form 10-K which includes a discussion of risks and uncertainties.
   2008 Annual Report 7
  