     Michael McCallister, Chairman of the Board and Bruce Broussard, President and Chief Executive Officer
To our stockholders
Headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, Humana is a leading health care company that offers
a wide range of health and wellness products and services that incorporate an integrated, holistic approach to lifelong well-being for
our 12 million medical and 8 million specialty health plan members nationwide.
Humana completed a successful 2012 by enhancing the development of our integrated care delivery model, which
we believe represents the future of health care delivery; by continuing to fulfill our dream of helping people achieve lifelong well-being; and by making the preparations necessary to ensure Humana’s long-term sustainability in light of health reform’s next major implementation phase beginning in 2014. At the same time, we celebrated the achievements of Michael B. McCallister, who retired as Chief Executive Officer on December 31 after a 13-year tenure marked by extraordinary company growth. On January 1 Bruce D. Broussard, who has served since 2011 as Humana’s President, became President and Chief Executive Officer after the successful completion of the long- term transition plan outlined by our Board of Directors.
2012 Annual Report 2

  2012 in review
cost-effective and member-focused. Through aligned incentives and real- time actionable information, the model is designed to improve health outcomes and affordability for individuals and for the health system as a whole, while offering Humana members a simple, seamless health care experience.
For 2012, consolidated revenues increased 6 percent, to $39.13 billion, from $36.83 billion in 2011. Medical membership of 12,088,800 rose 904,200, or 8 percent, over the December 31, 2011 membership
of 11,184,600. Individual Medicare Advantage and stand-alone Prescription Drug Plan (PDP) membership each
grew by 18 percent during 2012,
with individual Medicare Advantage
and stand-alone PDP membership approximating 1,927,600 and 2,985,600, respectively, at December 31, 2012. Membership in Humana’s specialty products, including dental, vision, and other supplemental benefit plans, saw an 11 percent increase, rising to 8,084,900 at December 31, 2012 from 7,315,100 a year earlier. Diluted
earnings per common share of $7.47 for the year ended December 31, 2012 resulted in a three-year compounded annual growth rate of approximately 7 percent.
Humana’s 2012 results reflect the continued implementation of the company’s strategy – offering our health plan members quality, affordable care combined with a positive consumer experience in growing markets. The strategy’s engine is our integrated
care delivery model, which is designed to seamlessly unite quality care and high member engagement, enabled
by sophisticated data analytics. Our model puts the primary care provider at the center, providing and coordinating care that is consistent, integrated,
  Diluted Earnings per Common Share
Putting the primary care provider at
the center of our integrated care delivery model provides coordinated care that is consistent, cost-effective and member-focused.
$10.00 $7.50 $5.00 $2.50 $0.00
    3
2012 Annual Report
2010
2011 2012

 2012 Milestones
  Through its strategy, the company achieved several notable milestones in 2012.
First, we saw significant progress in our Medicare Advantage Star
quality ratings. Sponsored by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), these ratings are based on CMS’ analysis of comprehensive quantitative and qualitative data relative to plan members’ health outcomes, their experience with the service provided by contracting plans, and
their overall satisfaction and sense of well-being. Highlights of our 2012 Stars progress were:
1. For bonus year 2014, our average Star
rating increased from 3.28 to 3.82.
2. The contract that includes the
majority of our Florida membership
earned 4.5 Stars.
3. Humana’s Wisconsin plan became
the first and only plan offered by a publicly traded organization that has achieved a five-Star rating.
4. Most significant of all, the
percentage of our members in plans rated four Stars or above increased
to 40 percent. Apart from the high quality of care and member plan experience signified by such a rating, CMS is increasingly linking Star ratings to payment levels as its emphasis on pay-for-performance grows.
Our second 2012 milestone was the major expansion of our HMO offerings. We believe HMOs allow our integrated care delivery model to work more effectively for our members than any other plan option. The percentage of individual Medicare Advantage members who chose to enroll in an HMO reached 48 percent during the 2013 Annual Election Period for Medicare beneficiaries in late 2012 and is expected to continue to rise through the remainder of this
Percentage of individual Medicare Advantage Members in an HMO
48%
The highest total since the implementation of the Medicare Modernization Act in 2006.
year. We anticipate the full year will show new HMO enrollment of more than 50 percent – the highest total since the implementation of the Medicare Modernization Act in 2006.
Our third milestone was our successful bids for Medicaid business in Ohio, Illinois and Kentucky. These bids include individuals dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid in both Ohio and
Illinois. Our alliance with CareSource®, established in 2012, was a key factor in our Ohio success. As the implementation of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) continues, we expect to selectively pursue Medicaid and dual-eligible opportunities in geographies that
make strategic sense for us.
  4.0
3.5
3.0
2.5
2.0
1.5
1.0
Average Humana Star Rating
3.28
3.82
      3.12
     BY = Bonus Year
BY 2012
BY 2013
BY 2014
2012 Annual Report 4
Average Contract Rating

  Fourth, we furthered the build- out of our integrated care delivery model through our acquisitions of Metropolitan Health Networks, Inc., a medical services organization (MSO), and Certify
Data Systems, as well as through strategic investments in two other MSOs, MCCITM and JenCare. These organizations, combined with our own CAC medical centers and the 50 primary care providers acquired by Concentra® during 2012, form a significant part
of the foundation upon which we will build a comprehensive, best-practices integrated care delivery model. This member-focused model has three mutually reinforcing elements: care delivery, coordinated by the primary care physician; high member engagement; and clinical and consumer insights deriving from data-driven information shared among Humana, our providers and our members. The model integrates primary care, home care services, pharmacy services, well-being (including innovative incentives and rewards programs), and data analytics. For our providers, interest in migrating toward
a payment model based on quality
and cost, in which integrated care is delivered most efficiently and effectively, continues to be strong, and the number of providers migrating to such a model
is large. With the addition of our 2012 physician-related transactions, Humana
now employs, has strategic investments in, or has MSO contracts with nearly 2,500 providers nationwide.
To help give these providers the
tools they need to offer our members optimal care, we acquired Certify, a pioneer in health information exchange technology. Certify’s HealthLogixTM solution provides two-way sharing of relevant clinical information across disparate electronic health records systems, connecting providers and allowing them to share patient
health information in real time. This functionality combines with electronic communication and analytics from
our existing AnvitaTM and CareHub infrastructure to proactively identify gaps in care – enhancing care coordination with our owned,
affiliated, and contracted providers.
And finally, we increased our team of care management professionals to 6,700 from 3,800 at the end
of 2011. Among other benefits, this
enabled us to exceed by 5,000 our goal of 55,000 in-home Medicare Advantage member health assessments for 2012. Through swift and accurate assessment of our members’ health conditions, and by guiding them to the appropriate care pathways, we believe we are able to improve their health status, enhance their quality of life, enable aging with grace in their homes, and reduce the incidence and cost of institutional health care, thus improving their health care experience.
Our capital deployment initiatives in 2012 included the issuance of $1 billion in senior notes. During the year we
also repurchased 6.25 million shares
of Humana stock in open-market transactions for $460 million, and declared cash dividends to stockholders of $1.03 per share for an aggregate amount of $166 million.
Humana’s Integrated Care Delivery Model
A member- focused model leveraging three core elements to reinforce value for our providers
and members.
    Care Delivery
  Primary care-centric
  Alignedincentives
  Quality/costoutcomes
  Informed   Satisfied   Engaged
Individuals Employer Groups Government
Clinical and Consumer Insights
  Real time information
  Integrated / connected
  Relevant / actionable
Member Experience
  5 2012 Annual Report
e
r
a
C
d
e
t
a
r
g
D
e
e
l
i
v
t
e
r
y
n
I
M
o
d
e
l

      Looking Ahead
     As we plan and execute the next phase of our strategic development, we have identified eight priorities that will drive our efforts in 2013 and beyond.
2013 will be a year of continued focus on building our integrated care delivery model through capabilities, resources and efficiencies.
Grow Medicare membership
Expand incentive- based provider contracts
Enhance chronic- care capabilities
Grow dual-eligible business
Enhance member experience
Manage our portfolio
Achieve operating cost efficiencies
Build talent
*The 15 Percent Solution is Humana’s comprehensive clinical model designed
to provide medical benefits for at least
15 percent less than it costs the federal government for comparable benefits in original Medicare, with the same or better quality.
 These priorities are interrelated – success in one will support success in another. Besides further preparing us for 2014, we believe they will position us well for years to come, regardless of any government agenda. They are:
1. Grow our Medicare membership – Our Medicare
value proposition is compelling; through our integrated care delivery model, we believe it offers lower costs (through our 15 Percent Solution*), better quality and better health outcomes than original Medicare. It also dovetails perfectly with demographic factors that
are favorable to further Medicare membership growth. Along with the progress we are able to make improving our members’ health, we also acquaint them with a variety of other Humana products and services. As of January 1, 2013, for 800,000 of our Medicare members, this includes the HumanaVitality® customized incentives-and-rewards well-being program that has proven popular and effective with our commercial membership.
2. Expand our provider contracts built on quality and cost incentives – Providers in Humana’s global risk arrangements are able to take care of our individual Medicare Advantage members for an average
of 71 percent of the cost to original Medicare, compared to an average of 91 percent for providers without aligned incentives. Beyond cost savings, these arrangements allow us to offer our members better benefits. At the end of 2012, we had approximately 26.5 percent of our individual Medicare Advantage members in such arrangements; our goal is to increase that number to 50 percent by 2017.
3. Enhance our chronic care capabilities – Humana members living with multiple chronic conditions joined our chronic care programs in 2012 at a significantly higher rate than in 2011. By the end of the year the total had reached 150,000. We anticipate that number will expand again in 2013, with the timing of the expansion weighted, importantly, toward the first part
of the year. Humana’s growing chronic care expertise enables an increasing number of our Medicare members to avoid hospitalizations and age with grace in their homes.
4. Grow our dual-eligible business – The 2012 dual-eligible milestone described above points the way toward further expansion in selected geographies in 2013.
         2012 Annual Report 6

    5. Enhance our member experience
– Through our long-standing and award-winning Perfect Service initiative, combined with the creation in 2012
of our customer service Center of Excellence, we are undertaking an end-to-end revamp of the Humana member experience. The emphasis is on simplicity, seamlessness, customization, and easy navigation of the complex health system.
6. Continue to execute on
portfolio management –
Over time, we are committed
to implementing the integrated
care delivery model comprehensively across all our business segments: Retail; Employer Group; Health and Well-being Services, which includes our RightSource® mail-order pharmacy business; and Other Businesses,
In 2012, fulfilling a public commitment we made to our nation’s military, we surpassed our goal of hiring 1,000 veterans or veteran spouses between 2011 and 2014.
which includes our three million military members, primarily dependents and retirees, covered through the Department of Defense’s TRICARE® program.
7. Achieve additional operating
cost efficiencies – By balancing administrative cost management,
our focus on strategic initiatives,
and operating model efficiencies,
we will develop more flexibility for addressing the health insurance reform requirements that begin in 2014.
8. Continue to build talent –
Our ability to enhance our integrated care delivery model will depend on developing talent in the key areas of physician practice management, home health, customer segmentation, data analytics, and the customer experience.
             7 2012 Annual Report

   Conclusion
In summary, we believe Humana’s strategic focus and operational discipline position us well for the opportunities and challenges ahead. Our effective preparatory work around administrative cost reduction, clinical infrastructure expansion, and integrated care delivery enhancement has prepared us well for health reform’s next major phase of implementation. Humana’s long-term belief is that we can greatly improve health care’s cost and experience through a model that incorporates fixed payments to providers with aligned incentives, while enabling individuals – through actionable, real-time information – to meet their unique health and well-being needs. In that context, we believe our long experience with Medicare Advantage, combined with the continued development of our integrated care delivery model, will foster Humana’s success for years to come.
Sincerely,
Michael B. McCallister Chairman of the Board Stockholder
Bruce D. Broussard
Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Stockholder
     2012 Annual Report 7
