  idi
  solutions
 To our Stockholders:
In 2005, Humana achieved a fifth consecutive year of strong earnings growth, as we increased our Medicare membership and extended our leadership in health benefits consumerism. More importantly, the steps we took in 2005 to prepare for unprecedented Medicare expansion opportunities this year left us superbly positioned for further growth in 2006 and beyond.
We achieved this success because of our focus on the
individual consumer. In all our businesses, we use a combination of face-to-face interaction and sophisticated technology to meet people’s diverse health benefit needs while relentlessly driving consumerism throughout our diversified enterprise. This is equally true in Medicare, TRICARE (in which we offer health benefits to military families and retirees through a contract with the U.S. Department of Defense) and our Commercial business. Humana’s success is also a result of our management team’s ability to plan for the long-term while delivering in the short-term. Our early start last year on new Medicare opportunities should allow us to accelerate growth
 Diluted Earnings per Common Share
            $2.00 $1.50 $1.00 $0.50 $0.00
2001 2002 2003 2004 2005
                                2 Annual Report 2005

 creating smart, proactive consumers ... for life.
in 2006 and prepare ourselves for future growth in 2007. And our 2005 growth reflects the positive initial impact of this first-mover advantage, as Humana’s infrastructure development, network expansion, innovative consumer marketing partnerships and one-to-one relationships
with prospective senior buyers led to significant Medicare membership gains even before the new programs took effect January 1.
Following are more detailed comments on results and prospects in our Government and Commercial segments. We’ll then close with a summary, and introduce two board members who joined us in 2005 while saying farewell to a long-serving member who will retire this year.
Government Segment
In 2005, our TRICARE business continued to perform well.TRICARE has been a steady contributor to our bottom line for the better part of a decade and we expect that to continue in 2006.
Turning to Medicare, Medicare Advantage (MA) membership grew ahead of our expectations. Total Medicare membership was 558,000 at December 31, up 181,000 members year-over-year, with much of the growth in our private fee-for-service plans.
Our financial progress in 2005 can be summarized by these highlights:
• We recorded earnings per share of $1.87, up 9 percent from 2004.
• Revenue, net income and medical membership all reached new highs.
• We had excellent performance across every line of business.
• We were able to make a major investment for future growth in Medicare while successfully achieving current earnings targets.
• This investment enabled us to increase our Medicare membership by 48 percent in 2005, followed by a much more substantial rise in early 2006 after the new Medicare prescription drug plans (PDPs) and regional PPOs took effect on January 1.
February 2006 Medicare membership approximates 2.4 million, of whom 1.7 million are enrolled in our PDP offerings.
• Sound pricing decisions and utilization management initiatives enabled us to achieve pretax profit in the Commercial segment of $98 million, despite the absorption of some unusual expenses.
• We acquired CarePlus Health Plans, a 50,000-member Medicare Advantage HMO in South Florida, and Corphealth, a behavioral health care management company based in Fort Worth, Texas.
• We settled class action litigation that had been pending against the company for six years, thus strengthening our collaborative relationship with physicians.
• We substantially increased cash flows from operations, which continued to outpace net income.
2 Annual Report 2005 3

The real 2005 headline for our Medicare business, however, was the robust response to the variety of new PDP and MA products that were offered for the first
time on November 15. As of January 1, 2006, we had approximately 1.4 million PDP members and 640,000 MA members. By February, PDP membership had grown to approximately 1.7 million and MA membership was more than 700,000. These developing membership numbers indicate that we’re on track to meet our aggressive goals for 2006.
We’ve said for some time that those companies properly prepared for the new opportunities would gain market share and competitive leverage fast. That’s certainly the case with us. As expected, we enrolled a large share of PDP auto-assigned members (those dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid) in Humana plans on January 1, 2006. But what’s really significant is the large number of enrollees who chose us voluntarily. This validation of the appeal of our value proposition bodes well for the remainder of the enrollment cycle.
This success can be attributed to our differentiated approach to the market, which encompasses a comprehensive model with the following elements:
• Pricing strategy
• Distribution
• Technology
• First-mover positioning
• National and local marketing, and
• Our multi-year approach to presenting the
MA value proposition to our PDP membership.
What follows is how each element of the model has contributed to our success to date.
In pricing, we planned to be under the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) PDP benchmark price in all areas where we would be offering plans, and to price to ensure the attractiveness and profitability of our products.
Our initial PDP market share is larger than anticipated, with good member diversification among our three plans.
In distribution, we believed face-to-face contact would cut through the confusion of multiple PDP plan choices as well as give us the opportunity to explain the MA program fully.
Our innovative national alliance with Wal-Mart, whereby Humana sales representatives are offering our Medicare products in 3,200 Wal-Mart, Sam’s Club and Neighborhood Market stores across the country, is meeting that need and is performing well. Approximately 60 percent of our new MA enrollment has come through Wal-Mart since 2006 sales began on November 15.
In technology, we believed the Web was going to be one of several key enrollment channels, especially in PDP, and we focused on ways to make it easy for seniors to join our plans online.
We developed a robust enrollment website to supplement the CMS site and promoted eSignature and other web-enrollment-enabling tools.
As a result, Internet enrollment via all channels accounted for a better-than-expected 391,000 of our new January 1 membership.
In first-mover positioning, we knew that early exposure to Humana would be important, especially because we nearly doubled our Medicare footprint over the course of the past 12 months.
We expanded our private fee-for-service offerings from 12 to 35 states in 2005 to prepare the way
for our 2006 expansion efforts. Starting in the summer, our “Let’s Talk” mobile RVs visited 350 cities, while garnering 60 million news media impressions and raising national awareness of our brand. This is especially important since there are few established national brands in health insurance, and we’re now well on the way to establishing ours as a strong one.
In combining national and local marketing, we knew that we would have to provide customer guidance on a large scale, but also in the neighborhoods where people live. Our Wal-Mart model is not only a distribution strategy, but also an example of true consumerism. We’re meeting people where it’s convenient for them, by placing Humana sales representatives where seniors like to shop – many millions of Medicare beneficiaries visit a Wal-Mart frequently.
Regarding our multi-year approach to the Medicare opportunity, we knew through our research and experience that seniors are loyal to their insurers and that, given the chance, many will eventually opt for the greater savings and simplicity offered by MA plans compared to traditional Medicare.
4 Annual Report 2005

Seniors’ direct purchase of MA plans is on track while our large PDP enrollment offers a great opportunity, over time, for interested seniors to obtain both administrative convenience and better value by integrating through one company their prescription drug coverage and other medical benefits.
We’re aware that the transition to this program has been difficult. Like the rest of the industry and CMS, we’ve worked hard to satisfy an enormous demand for products, services and information that has gone well beyond what was foreseen when enrollment began in November. Since the initial wave of enrollment, problems are beginning to subside and we anticipate will have decreased appreciably by early in the second quarter. What’s most important
is that despite inevitable issues arising from making 42 million Americans eligible for a major new health benefit all at once, the overwhelming majority of Medicare beneficiaries have gotten their questions answered and their medications when they needed them – and have now begun to save substantial sums of money on medications many of them could not previously obtain or afford.
600,000 400,000 200,000
0
Looking ahead, we expect to continue to invest aggressively in our Medicare expansion strategy throughout 2006. We’ve begun preparations to file
bids on products and geographies for 2007. The first
step in this process occurred on February 17th, when CMS published 2007 Medicare rates for comment. We anticipate that once the rates are finalized in early April, we’ll be able to adjust our plans and benefits to further the growth and performance of our Medicare business.
There will be some differences between 2007 bidding and what we experienced last year. What we expect will be the same will be our continued distribution-partner alliances and basic product structure. What we expect will be different includes:
• Our developing national brand will drive membership in 2006, and word-of-mouth advertising by thousands of new customers will further drive brand awareness,
• We’ll have claims experience from our early enrollees to help us adjust the premiums and benefits that make up our value proposition,
• We’ll fine-tune our approach to each of our distribution channels, and
• We’ll have more consumer research.
 Medicare Membership
                                 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005
2 Annual Report 2005 5

 Total Assets (in Billions)
           $7.5 $5.0 $2.5
$0
2001 2002 2003 2004 2005
                         Commercial Segment
The Commercial segment in 2005 saw membership increases in our three areas of strategic focus: Administrative Services Only (ASO), individual and consumer plans. The company’s HumanaOne individual product membership grew 25 percent year-over-year, ASO membership grew by 15 percent and consumer- choice membership was up 52 percent in 2005. Growth in each of these areas is consistent with our ongoing Commercial strategy of migrating our group book of business away from fully insured slice accounts and
toward self-funded and higher-margin consumer offerings (including our Smart product family), while at the same time expanding the membership and geographic reach of our individual plans.
Much has been said of the market for consumer-oriented health benefits. As a leader as well as an early entrant in this field, we’ve taken a keen interest in the developing dialogue, and in the related phenomenon of a growing convergence between health services and financial services through Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs), Health Savings Accounts (HSAs) and other tax-advantaged funding arrangements. Here is our view of consumer plans’ immediate prospects:
• First, the market is moving in the right direction and we’re seeing numerous competitors get into this space, which benefits us both by building market momentum
and by validating our strategy.
• However, there’s still a lot more talk than action. Most
of the focus on consumerism is on modest product enhancement and cost shifting, rather than on a full- scale adoption of real consumer engagement, in line with the way we view the business.
• Employers are realizing that consumerism is the wave of the future and we’re starting to see the erosion of their reluctance to embrace change.
• HSAs will increasingly be a driving force in this business and will be pivotal in getting consumers and employers to adopt consumerism.
• Insurers who have not embraced the consumer and have not invested in consumer-empowering technologies will fall by the wayside.
We believe employers eventually will opt in great numbers for a holistic total solution where permanent savings come not from cost-shifting but from turning passive health-care users into active health-care consumers through actionable information. Our Smart approach is just such a solution, with sustained mid-single-digit medical cost trend for our Smart customers over multiple years. This compares to an overall medical cost trend over the same period of between 11 and 14 percent annually. We’re committed
to this approach on a long-term basis because it works, because the market for it is large and because we’re starting to see employers come around to it.
6 Annual Report 2005

To conclude, we’re encouraged about the Commercial segment’s long-term prospects. In 2006, we intend
to remain focused on margin improvement while anticipating little, if any, overall membership growth, due to a difficult pricing environment and our commitment to maintain strict pricing discipline. Over the long term, however, we anticipate that the benefits we’ve derived from our 2005 Medicare ramp-up – infrastructure improvements, increased brand recognition, network expansion and a national presence, coupled with market acceptance of true consumer-directed health benefits – will help our Commercial business grow substantially.
Summary
As pleased as we were with our progress in 2005, we believe the real significance of last year’s efforts is that they positioned us for greater growth this year and beyond.
• Initial results confirm the appeal of our Medicare products and our overall Medicare business model.
• Medicare sales have been on target across the product spectrum.
• Our distribution partner approach is clearly differentiated and working well.
• Our national brand awareness is up significantly, with positive long-term implications for our Commercial business as well as for Medicare.
m
The Medicare opportunity is having a transforming effect on our company, producing one of the most dramatic organic-growth stories in American business. While our revenues increased 10 percent in 2005, to $14.4 billion, they are projected to grow about 50 percent, to more than $21 billion, in 2006.
Summary
With such significant growth in prospect, we were pleased to add two new members to our board of directors in 2005. We also wish to thank another for 14 years of distinguished service. John R. Hall, retired chairman of
the board and chief executive officer of Ashland Inc., will retire from the board in April 2006. He is chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee and has served Humana with distinction throughout his tenure. W. Roy Dunbar, president of global technology and operations
for MasterCard International, brings an innovative, consumer-focused approach to information technology
to bear on Humana’s commitment to offer consumers
and employers “Guidance when you need it most.” James O. Robbins, who recently retired as president and chief executive officer of Cox Communications, brings a wealth of experience and expertise in leveraging technology to provide consumers with real-time, actionable information. This, as well as the value we offer, will contribute meaningfully to our ongoing effort to offer state-of-the- art customer service to the now more than nine million Humana health plan members nationwide.
Sincerely,
David A. Jones, Jr. Chairman of the Board Significant Stockholder
Michael B. McCallister
Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Significant Stockholder
  This letter contains forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Investors are advised to read the accompanying Form 10-K which includes discussion of risks and uncertainties.
2 Annual Report 2005 7
