HUNTSMAN CORPORATION 3

A LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

Dear Fellow Stockholder,
2012 was a remarkable year for our company. Our adjusted EBITDA for the second year in a row was more than it has ever been with our current group of businesses. In the last three years it more than doubled to $1.4 billion in 2012. We continue to manage our cost structure and assure that our operations are located in regions that best serve our customers and supply chains. As part of this business realignment, we will be reducing our operating costs and improving the profitability of our business by approximately $220 million when completed in the middle of 2014. The majority of these savings will be accomplished by the end of 2013. 2012 was a year of record earnings and As we continue to build a more efficient business, we will continue to invest in our future. In 2013, we will invest approximately $450 million in new capacities, technology, product and process research and greater reliability. This is a level of spending that we have not seen since the recession of 2008. Part of this will be to continue to expand our North American manufacturing base to take advantage of competitive natural gas prices. Over $100 million of our planned capital expenditures will be invested in the continuous improvement of our safety and environmental performance. This past year was a operating achievements for our business. Yet, as I look at the growth that we are seeing around the world in the coming years, and the new applications and capacities that this company is bringing to the marketplace, I feel that we are in a unique position to continue to increase shareholder value. We spent $358 million in 2012 reducing our outstanding debt, approximately $250 million of which were pre-payments. Our board of directors and our management team are firmly committed to fur ther reducing our debt. Our business is well positioned globally. Approximately 40% of our revenue now comes from fast growing emerging markets such as China, the ASEAN region, India and Latin America. record year for our safety and environmental achievements as a company and we intend to continue to build on this performance.

2012 ANNUAL REPORT

PETER R. HUNTSMAN
February 15, 2013

President and Chief Executive Officer

4 HUNTSMAN CORPORATION

MESSAGE FROM THE EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN
2012 ANNUAL REPORT

Special Note to Stockholders
During our 2012 Investor Day meeting, I suggested that this year (2012) would produce our best financial results to date. It not only proved to be an accurate forecast, but in fact, given our current composite of products, it was our finest overall performance in our 42 year history. We exceeded our previous year's adjusted EBITDA by 15% to achieve a new record of $1.4 billion, given our current make-up of business divisions. Our common stock increased over 60% in value, and dividends paid to shareholders reached approximately $100 million. Moreover, the company expanded dramatically in Asia, Brazil, the Middle East and virtually every other part of the globe. Strong cash flows were maintained, which provided ample liquidity for our balance sheet. This permitted our Board of Directors to increase our first quarter 2013 dividend rate by 25% over previous quarters. I am very proud of our Board of Directors, particularly the independent members of the Board who of course comprise the majority of those serving. They are seasoned professionals in the areas of academia, industry, science, global politics and expertise regarding the law and judicial jurisprudence. Each has distinguished himself or herself in their respective areas of national and international prominence. It should be noted that Most sincerely, The board and our management team are focused in a laser-like manner to improve the financial strength and expansion of our businesses globally while reducing our outstanding debt wherever possible. Our primary and pre-eminent concern will always center around the improvement of shareholder value, and we will continuously explore avenues that will lead us to the highest return possible for those who invest in Huntsman Corporation. the members of the Board of Directors, together with our superb management team, own or control approximately 20% of our common stock, thus aligning our interests economically with those of our shareholders. Our management team is the best in the chemical business. They are veterans of many years of dealing with cyclical chemical aberrations and are astute in their handling of this most challenging area of global uncertainty.

JON M. HUNTSMAN
February 15, 2013

Executive Chairman and Founder

