Letter from the President
Our company experienced a number of significant events during 2008, most notably a worldwide economic recession and a series of legal disputes related to the failed merger with Hexion Specialty Chemicals, Inc. Since I am writing this letter well into 2009, my commentary will include events during the first half of 2009 as well.

Challenging Conditions
As the impact of the worldwide economic recession began to manifest itself, we took necessary steps to ensure our long-term prosperity. We put in action a plan that rationalized less efficient capacity and also reduced our workforce by nearly 10%. We expect these programs, which are now well under way, to yield annual savings of more than $150 million. In addition to controlling our costs, we have managed our inventories and working capital during these challenging times. Starting in the fourth quarter of 2008, and through the second quarter of 2009, we have generated over $400 million in cash from these efforts. We successfully negotiated a settlement with Apollo Management, L.P. to end our dispute over their failure to consummate the agreed merger with their subsidiary Hexion Specialty Chemicals, Inc. Separately, we also brought suit against Credit Suisse and Deutsche Bank for their roles in the failed merger, and settled with these banks earlier this year. These settlements resulted in very favorable outcomes for our company, bringing to an end what could have been a lengthy period of litigation and appeals. In total, we collected over $2.7 billion in cash and other settlement payments.

from operations, primarily generated from our aggressive management of working capital during 2009, along with proceeds from the settlements mentioned above, have enabled us to continue paying our full dividend. Our liquidity is as strong as it has ever been and is more than adequate to provide future operating flexibility for our company.

Positioned for Growth
Over the past 12 months, like most industries, the chemical industry has suffered the most challenging market change in its history. We will emerge from the cycle, not just as a survivor, but a much stronger company than we were only one year ago. Our balance sheet is strong, our business is improving and we're technologically and geographically ready to take advantage as the global economy continues its recovery. The decisions over the past few years to exit the commodities business and expand internationally have placed us in a unique position to prosper as we continue to see significant signs of improvement in Asia and beginning signs of improvement in Europe and North America. We have global leadership positions in all our major product lines and with the dedication of our associates worldwide, we are well positioned to capture opportunity and growth for years to come.

Strength and Stability
We have reduced our net debt position significantly and have focused our debt prepayments on loans with the highest interest rates and nearest maturities. As a result, all meaningful debt maturities have been satisfied until 2013. Positive free cash flow Peter R. Huntsman
President, Chief Executive Officer September 1, 2009

1

Special Note to Stockholders
The year 2008 and the first half of 2009 were momentous times in the history of Huntsman Corporation. Next year we celebrate forty years since the founding of our company. We have truly built a unique and remarkable business. The best is yet ahead.

Few manufacturing companies throughout the world improved their balance sheet and debt repayment position as significantly as did Huntsman Corporation during this past year. The combined cash and other settlement payments of $2.7 billion from Apollo and the two banks reinforce our foundations for an exciting future for the company. Huntsman Corporation's strong liquidity position also makes possible our continuing dividend. Huntsman Corporation is today one of the world's largest chemical companies and it truly represents the best in our industry. Our business is global, with almost two-thirds of our revenue generated outside North America. More than eighty percent of our talented and capable associates reside outside of the United States. Thousands of our company's products feed into a number of diverse end markets and help improve the quality of life for consumers worldwide.

The company is led by Peter Huntsman and a bright, outstanding young management team. It is supported by an experienced Board of Directors whose individual talents and professional backgrounds provide a wealth of knowledge that helps move the company in a positive strategic direction. Huntsman Corporation today is in very capable hands. I look forward to the future of our company as we move aggressively forward to enhance shareholder value and help our communities worldwide.

Jon M. Huntsman
Chairman and Founder September 1, 2009

2

