a le t t e r to o u r sto c k H o ld e rs

Dear Fellow Stockholders,
Our business continues to improve, 2011 was a record year for us. During the year, demand for many of our products improved as did our average selling prices which led to revenues of more than $11 billion, an increase of 21% compared to the prior year. Despite the impact of headwinds in the form of raw material inflation and negative foreign currency movements on our fixed costs, our adjusted net income more than doubled to $408 million. Our adjusted EBITDA was a record $1.2 billion, more than it has ever been with our current group of businesses. During the year we actively pursued business opportunities in an effort to enhance our business. We successfully completed strategic acquisitions of opportunity in India and Turkey that will allow us to grow aggressively in these markets. Simultaneously, we licensed Huntsman technology and divested non-strategic assets. In the future, we will continue to invest in acquisition opportunities, licensing ventures and divestitures to take advantage of changing market conditions. In 2011, we completed the following transactions: · Acquired the chemicals business of Laffans Petrochemicals Ltd. in India, which produces specialty intermediates. · Acquired a polyurethanes system house in Turkey that manufactures polyester polyols and blends MDI polyurethane systems. · Signed a license agreement with Chinese chemicals manufacturer Yantai Wanhua Polyurethanes Co., Ltd., for the production of propylene oxide (PO) and methyl tertiary butyl ether (MTBE)--a co-product of PO. · Sold our Stereolithography and Digitalis® machine manufacturing businesses. We are investing in future growth and optimizing the efficiency of our manufacturing facilities. In 2011, we spent $330 million in capital expenditures within our company. $92 million of this was spent to further enhance our safety and environmental performance. We completed 2011 with the best record of safety and environmental performance in our history. We will continue to invest in reducing waste and emissions, improving the safety of our workplace and enhancing the competitiveness of our manufacturing facilities. In 2012, we will spend more than we did in 2011 to enhance our performance and competitiveness. We have more than $1 billion of liquidity on the balance sheet which is more than ample for our foreseeable needs but provides financial flexibility should the global economy slow and access to financial markets become challenging. In 2011, in an

Revenues
($ in billions) $12 $11.2 $9.3 9 $7.7 6

3

0 2009 2010 2011

2 011 a n n u a l r e p o r t

h u n t s m a n c o r p o r at i o n / 3

a le t t e r to o u r sto c k H o ld e rs

effort to support our stock price we used approximately $50 million of our cash to repurchase approximately four million shares. The board has authorized us to repurchase $50 million more in the future if we judge prudent. We actively paid down and refinanced our existing debt. We prepaid approximately $305 million of bonds in the year and extended the maturity on a portion of our term loans thus providing minimal required debt service payments over the next couple of years. Reducing our debt remains a focus and priority of the board and management team. We believe less debt on our balance sheet will enhance shareholder value in the long term. We have multiple projects in place to reduce our working capital and the amount of capital needed to operate our global supply chain. The movement in foreign currencies presented a unique challenge in 2011. More specifically, the strength of the Swiss franc increased the expense of our Swiss manufacturing fixed costs by more than $50 million compared to 2010. Although difficult, we took immediate and aggressive action to mitigate this exposure and announced comprehensive restructuring plans to relocate our operations outside of Switzerland, closer to our customers. We expect the bulk of these benefits to be realized by the end of 2012. Our business will grow at rates in excess of underlying global GDP. Today, more so than ever before, the world's challenges are being solved with a number of creative and local solutions. Ideas and answers around potable water, cleaner air, energy conservation, enhanced transportation, aerospace and building materials are global in their application, but more local in their development. Product life cycles are getting shorter and the time from development to market is faster than ever. We continue to enhance our future by investing in our nearly 1,000 associates around the world dedicated to our research and developmental efforts. We will continue our relentless pursuit to create shareholder value. Our 12,000 associates at Huntsman are dedicated to improving our current business. While we are encouraged by the record results of 2011, we also recognize that three of our five divisions are far from their earnings potential. As we have already started to realign costs, bring new products to market and focus on margin expansion, we believe that our future is strong.

adjusted eBitda eBitda improved

to $1.2 billion compared to the prior year

Adjusted EBITDA(1)
($ in millions) $1,500 $1,214

1,000 $875

$545 500

0 2009
(1)

2010

2011

For a reconciliation see pages 8­9 of the Financials section.

PETER R. HuNTsmAN President and Chief Executive Officer
February 15, 2012

4 / h u n t s m a n c o r p o r at i o n

2 011 a n n u a l r e p o r t

M es s ag e F ro M t H e c H a ir M a n

Special Note to Stockholders
It is gratifying to report that 2011 marked a new level of achievement for Huntsman Corporation. Collectively, our portfolio of businesses generated the highest adjusted EBITDA in its history. Huntsman Corporation and its Board of Directors will actively follow all prudent avenues toward increasing the value of your investment. Because of the company's improved earnings and ample liquidity, we are well positioned to pay dividends. We will also aggressively seek opportunities to further reduce our indebtedness. In August of 2011, we announced a share repurchase program. This initiative symbolizes our confidence in the company's long-term future and its ability to create further shareholder value. Since that announcement, approximately four million shares valued at approximately $50 million have been repurchased. Of additional benefit to our stockholders are the changes to the makeup of our Board of Directors, which we believe will best serve your interests. In May of 2011, Dr. Mary Beckerle was appointed to the Board to fill a vacancy created by the departure of Marsha Evans. In February of this year, Jon Huntsman, Jr., former candidate for the Republican nomination for the President of the United States, was appointed to the Board as our tenth director. These new directors bring unique and valuable skills and a range of experience which will enrich the Board and enhance the strategic oversight of your investment. Thank you for being a loyal and valued stockholder. We assure you of our commitment to maximizing Huntsman Corporation's strength, which will be reflected in investment growth for each of you.

JON m. HuNTsmAN Executive Chairman and Founder
February 15, 2012

2 011 a n n u a l r e p o r t

h u n t s m a n c o r p o r at i o n / 5

