April 2016

To Our Stockholders
I am pleased to share IBP's strong performance in 2015, a year that saw record revenues and profitability. Our financial and operating momentum accelerated throughout 2015 with quarter-toquarter growth in revenues and EBITDA demonstrating our financial discipline and the significant amount of leverage incremental revenues have on financial results. Since 1999, we have successfully completed and integrated over 100 acquisitions. In 2015, we completed nine acquisitions with combined trailing twelve month revenue of $109 million. Acquisitions remain an important component of our growth initiatives as we have a proven strategy that allows us to benefit from a highly fragmented industry and improve profitability by realizing the benefits of our scalable infrastructure. We continue to benefit from the ongoing recovery of the housing market with our involvement in all aspects of the installation process of our products, beginning with the direct purchase of materials from national manufacturers, to the timely supply of materials to job sites and finally with the quality installation of these products. While housing starts are a good indicator for future demand, we believe completions are a better indicator of reported revenue growth. Historically, completions have been more stable than starts due to a timing lag between when construction begins and ends. During 2015, the lag between starts and completion expanded, generating an industry backlog which will further benefit the company as the lag returns to normal. IBP currently operates 135 locations in 37 states serving customers across the continental U.S., with our acquisitions strengthening our position as the nation's second largest installer of insulation products to the new residential construction market. We continue to pursue acquisitions in our core singlefamily insulation installation market, while diversifying by adding companies with complimentary installation services and end markets and leveraging crossselling opportunities in our existing markets. We have a strong team and infrastructure in place to execute our acquisition strategy and a robust pipeline of potential acquisitions.

In 2015, we completed nine acquisitions with combined trailing twelve month revenue of $109 million.

02

April 2016

installedbuildingproducts.com

For 2015, total U.S. single-family housing completions increased 4.5%, while our singlefamily same-branch revenue increased 13.6%. Based on the lag between housing starts and completions, as well as our internal estimates, we believe 2016 will be another strong year for the single-family construction market. Our branches are well positioned in many of the strongest housing markets, which will continue to enhance our same-branch sales growth. IBP's continued success is a direct result of the dedication and hard work of our employees and management team. Our employees embody our company-wide commitment to providing the highest-quality service, which drives the strength of our local brands and long-lasting relationships with leading builders and suppliers.

by providing our customers with outstanding service and products, adding accretive acquisitions and leveraging the benefits of our national scale. With our recent announcement of a new credit facility that increases our borrowing capacity by $125 million, we have a strong capital structure in place to continue to invest in our business and perform on our longterm growth strategy. I am confident that we can deliver on our objectives and create greater value for our stockholders. On behalf of our more than 4,500 employees, thank you for your confidence and investment in IBP.

On behalf of our more than 4,500 employees, thank you for your confidence and investment in IBP.

Jeffrey W. Edwards Looking ahead, we believe the housing market will continue to recover throughout the year and form a favorable backdrop for the Company to execute its growth-oriented business strategy. We remain focused on growing sales organically Chairman, President and CEO

03

