2014

DELIVERING POSITIVE RESULTS
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,

2014 WAS AN EXCEPTIONAL YEAR FOR INSTALLED BUILDING PRODUCTS. WE COMPLETED OUR FIRST YEAR AS A PUBLIC COMPANY, DELIVERED STRONG FINANCIAL RESULTS, OUTPERFORMED THE MARKET IN SAME BRANCH SALES, AND FURTHER GREW OUR NATIONAL FOOTPRINT THROUGH ACQUISITION. OUR ACCOMPLISHMENTS IN 2014 PAVED THE WAY FOR CONTINUED SUCCESS AND GROWTH AS WE LOOK TO 2015 AND BEYOND.
During the year, we strengthened our Company's position as the nation's second largest installer of insulation products to the new residential construction market as well as a leading installer of complementary products, including garage doors, rain gutters, shower doors, closet shelving, and mirrors throughout the United States. We accomplished this by producing quarter after quarter of impressive revenue and profitability growth. We also took steps to enhance our balance sheet and capital position to support the ongoing expansion of our business into new and existing markets. Our employees were committed to meeting our operational and financial goals. This dedication helped build homes for families across the country and build long-term value for our shareholders. For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2014, IBP delivered solid financial results: · Net revenue increased 19.9 percent to $518.0 million compared to full year 2013. · Same branch sales increased 16.4 percent. Going Public In February 2014, we completed our initial public offering (IPO) and our shares of common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "IBP." The net proceeds of the IPO were used to repurchase all of our previously outstanding preferred stock and to provide additional financial flexibility as we continue to grow the company organically and through our acquisition strategy. In June, we successfully completed a secondary equity offering which increased the liquidity of our publicly traded shares and raised net proceeds of approximately $14.4 million. Following that, we announced a new fiveyear $100 million credit facility which further enhances our ability to invest in growth and capitalize on new market opportunities. Exceeding the Market Opportunity Historically, 80 percent of our revenue has been driven by new residential construction. While 2014 housing starts fell short of the market's expectations, we expect this will only lengthen the industry's recovery providing more opportunity for IBP to grow through acquisition prior to market stabilization. The ongoing recovery of the housing market is beneficial to our Company as we are involved in all aspects of the installation process, beginning with the direct purchase of materials from national manufacturers, to the timely supply of materials to job sites, and finally with the quality installation of these products. While housing starts are a good indicator for housing sales, we believe completions are a better indicator of IBP revenue. A housing start is defined as excavation or groundbreaking for the footings or foundation of a residential structure whereas a home is considered completed when all finished flooring or carpeting has been installed. Not all houses with building permits are started, and not all started homes are completed. Housing starts may fluctuate on a month-to-month basis, but completions have historically been much

I am confident in our ability to deliver continued success and I look forward to what the future holds for our Company. We have the right people in the right markets serving our customers with the right products.

more stable as there is a timing lag between when construction begins and ends. Since IBP's install services occur during the latter part of the building process, our sales are more closely tied to housing completions. Expanding Our Footprint Our national footprint reaches coast to coast with locations accessing 48 states. The insulation contractor market is highly fragmented and provides continued opportunity to grow our core insulation installation footprint and introduce other complementary installed products as the housing recovery continues. Since 1999 we have successfully integrated over 100 acquisitions. In 2014, we added three new companies to the IBP family. In March, we acquired US Insulation, a private installer operating in the tri-state New York area with an established and respected market presence and 2013 revenues of approximately $9 million. Next, Marv's Insulation brought 25 years of experience, extensive customer relationships, and 2013 revenues of approximately $3.5 million. Marv's gave us entry into the Boise, Idaho market. Finally, we completed our 2014 acquisitions with the addition of Installed Building Solutions, a highly complementary installer which enhanced our presence in Minnesota, Wisconsin and North Dakota. With trailing 12-month revenues of approximately $17.4 million, this acquisition met our strategic objectives with a strong market share and excellent customer service. While we met our strategic objective of acquiring annually $30­$40 million in revenue in 2014, we strive to do more in 2015. Our acquisition pipeline is robust and our team is working diligently to cultivate new opportunities. It's our goal for the coming year to outperform what we've done in the past.

The Right People Our greatest asset is our team of people. As we've grown Installed Building Products from one location in 1994 to over 100 some 20 plus years later, the talent we've added across all our lines of business have created the success we've achieved to date. From the corporate office to the job site, our employees are committed to providing the best service possible to our many stakeholders. Within each local market, our IBP sales and install crews have developed long-lasting relationships with leading builders and suppliers using their independent brands. The value of these local brands coupled with our company-wide commitment to delivering the highest-quality service and installed products underpinned the foundation of the success we experienced in 2014 as our sales growth outpaced the industry. On the Horizon As we look ahead to 2015, the outlook for the housing market remains positive. We will continue to execute our three-pronged growth plan of growing sales organically through the outstanding customer service provided by our branch locations, adding revenues through acquisition, and leveraging the benefits of our national scale. I'd like to thank our employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders for their support. Jeffrey W. Edwards Chairman, President and CEO

