To Our STOCKHOLDERS
I am extremely pleased with the record financial and operating accomplishments we achieved during 2016, and believe IBP is well positioned for continued success. During 2016, net revenues increased 30% to a record $863 million, compared to $663 million last year, on U.S. housing market completions which increased only 9.5%. This strong revenue performance was driven by organic growth across all of our end markets, along with the contribution of our recent acquisitions. The increase in revenues combined with gross profit margin expansion and operating efficiencies translated into significantly higher earnings for our stockholders. For 2016, net income increased 44.9% to a record $38.4 million, and diluted net income per share was up 44.7% to $1.23 per diluted share. Impressively, our first filing as a public company reported our 2013 full year financial results of $432 million in net revenue and net income of $6.0 million. Since then, revenues have doubled and our earnings have significantly increased. At December 30, 2016, IBP's stock price was $41.30, a 275% increase from the Company's IPO price of $11.00 at February 13, 2014. IBP is the sixth

Since the IPO in 2014, revenues have doubled and our earnings have significantly increased.

best performing company in the S&P 1000 since the IPO. I am proud of this performance and we are working hard to continue to create additional shareholder value. Acquisitions During 2016, we successfully completed and integrated nine acquisitions representing $80 million of annualized revenue. The residential installation market remains fragmented and there continues to be strong acquisition opportunities for both core insulation installers and businesses installing complementary products. IBP is recognized as the "acquirer of choice" throughout the industry because of the Company's straight forward business approach and high integrity which leads to successful experiences in identifying, integrating, and growing acquired businesses. Our recent acquisition of Alpha Insulation and Waterproofing, our largest acquisition to date, represents a significant catalyst to expand our presence within the large U.S. commercial construction end market. Founded in 1982, Alpha Insulation and Waterproofing, headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, serves commercial customers throughout an expanding network of nine branches located throughout the South Eastern and South Central U.S. Alpha's products include waterproofing, insulation, fireproofing, and fire stopping, and the Company serves large, long lead-time commercial projects including office buildings, airports, sports complexes, museums, hospitals, hotels and educational facilities. Alpha is led by a driven, dedicated and experienced management team with an average of over

April 2017

InstalledBuildingProducts.com

IBP's continued success is a direct result of the dedication and hard work of each of our employees.

25 years of industry experience, and I am looking forward to working with them to grow our commercial business organically and through additional acquisitions. U.S. Housing Market While we are excited about the incremental growth opportunity the commercial market represents, we remain focused on our core U.S. residential construction market. With over 125 branches serving customers across the U.S., we continue to improve the Company's position as the nation's second largest installer of insulation products to the new residential construction market. Since 2005 IBP's national market share has increased from 5% to 27% today. Equally impressive, the Company's revenue per total U.S. housing completion has grown from $243 in 2007 to $814 in 2016. This 235% increase is primarily due to IBP's emphasis on customer focused installation services and a growing portfolio of installed products. The ongoing recovery of the housing market continues to favorably impact our business. For 2016, total U.S. completions increased 9.5%, versus IBP's same branch sales growth of 15.6%. Based on the lag between housing starts and completions, as well as our internal estimates, we believe 2017 will be another strong year for the U.S. single-family construction market. IBP's branches are well positioned in many of the strongest housing markets, which will continue to enhance the Company's samebranch sales growth. Our Success IBP's continued success is a direct result of the dedication and hard work of each of our employees. Stemming from our start as a family-owned business, it is important to me that we offer a full host of benefits supporting our employees and their families. As the Company has grown through the acquisition of other family-owned businesses,

I am proud that we've been able to maintain and grow that commitment, as well as maintain the family-owned business culture, but I believe we can do more. During 2017, we are offering a financial wellness program to our employees. The program is designed to help with financial education, planning and savings, so unexpected life events are not such a significant burden for our employees, hopefully helping them live a better work and personal life. IBP would not be successful without the dedication and commitment of our employees. As a way for me to show my appreciation to our employees, I am proud to offer and personally fund this program. Into the Future Looking ahead, we believe the housing market will continue to recover throughout the year and form a favorable backdrop for IBP to execute our long-term, growth-oriented business strategy. We remain focused on growing sales organically by providing our customers with outstanding service and products, adding accretive acquisitions and leveraging the benefits of our national scale. I am confident we can deliver on our objectives and create greater value for our stockholders. On behalf of our nearly 6,000 employees, thank you for your confidence and investment in IBP.

Jeffrey W. Edwards Chairman, President and CEO

April 2017

InstalledBuildingProducts.com

