To Our Valued Shareholders:
2016 was a year of progress and success for your company.
We continued our tradition of successfully executing our strategy
by building on Idaho Power’s strong foundation of the past
100 years as a fully integrated electric utility. We are pleased to
be able to deliver solid 2016 results for you, our owners, and look
forward to a productive future.
We had many notable successes in 2016: Improved earnings for
a ninth consecutive year, progress on large capital expenditure
projects, enhanced reliability for customers, record-high
customer satisfaction survey scores and a well-received brand
awareness campaign featuring stories of our environmental
stewardship and company history.
We are especially proud of our nine consecutive years of
improved earnings, from 2008 through 2016. Our clear and
succinct business strategy with established milestones and a
focus on managing costs helps ensure we achieve nancial
targets. Our steady common stock dividend growth is another,
important way we add value for those who invest in IDACORP.
IDACORP continues to invest for the future in critical
infrastructure, including major capital expenditures such
as hydroelectric plant improvement programs and major
reliability-related construction projects. Other marquee projects
include environment controls at the Jim Bridger Power Plant,
ongoing relicensing activities for the Hells Canyon Complex,
and continued progress on the Boardman to Hemingway and
Gateway West 500-kilovolt (kV) projects.
Our productive regulatory strategy continues to collect
costs and earn a return for the company while maintaining
fair rates for customers. It is a scenario that bene ts
everyone. And in 2016 we took another step to inprove our
core business and improve e ciency when we began the
process to join the Western Energy Imbalance Market, or
EIM. We anticipate beginning our participation in 2018.
As always, serving our customers also remains a
primary focus for Idaho Power. Delivering excellence
and reliable service are at the core of what we do every
day. is commitment was re ected once again in
2016 as we saw record Customer Relationship Index
(CRI) results. is record-setting score re ects the
focus of employees’ e orts on serving our customers
and communities and responding to their needs.
Residential, small business and large commercial and
industrial segments all were higher at the end of 2016
than they had been at the end of 2015.
Our optimism continues around customer and
economic growth prospects; a ordable, reliable,
available electricity is a key driver of business
development. We are seeing companies enter into and
expand in various locations throughout our service
area. ese businesses are diverse, covering industries
as varied as law enforcement, food processing and even
brewing and industrial level beer production supplies.
All see the value in fair-priced, reliable energy services
that help run their businesses.
Recognition of our service area in prestigious media
outlets from CNBC to Forbes to U.S. News and World
Report shows that more and more people outside Idaho
are learning what those of us who live here have known
for a long time: It’s a great place to live and do business.
In 2016 our state appeared on many lists touting the
bene ts of our diverse service area, including business
friendliness, cost of doing business, and livability.
In 2016 IDACORP again saw improvement in
our ranking in the
Public Utilities Fortnightly
Top 20 Financial Performers, to a tie for fth
place. To identify the top 20, utilities are ranked
on six nancial metrics. For the fth year in a
row, IDACORP’S rank has continued to improve
in the assessment of best energy companies, as
announced in the magazine’s October issue.
e company was also the recipient of the prestigious
Edison Electric Institute (EEI) Index Award in November
at the 51st
EEI Financial Conference. IDACORP was
the top ranking small-cap company with a total return
of 142 percent, and fth overall when combining our
results with large-cap and mid-cap companies.
Our unparalleled employees are at the heart of
our company culture of integrity and safety. ese
empowered, responsible employees demonstrate
their commitment to serving our customers each
and every day. oughtfully considered development
and succession planning at all levels helps ensure this
tradition of excellence continues seamlessly into the
future, and that the deep knowledge of management
experience within our leadership team is passed on
to the next generation.
Developing and promoting an experienced leadership
team is another part of our long-term strategy to
ensure our company is well-positioned for a strong
future. is strategy includes robust participation from
our Board of Directors, whose diverse backgrounds
help ensure successful oversight of policies and solid
business guidance.
Long-term strategy is critical to why Idaho Power has
been around for 100 years. In a tting acknowledgement
of our centennial year, we were honored to ring the
NYSE Closing Bell on Aug. 1, Idaho Power’s 100th
anniversary. is milestone event was a tting way
to mark the principal contribution of IDACORP and
Idaho Power shareowners through the past century.
We believe the outlook for IDACORP’S utility business
remains strong. As always, we are focused on managing
costs, growing revenue for our owners, improving our
core business, and enhancing our company brand. e
completion of our hundredth year marks the beginning
of a new chapter and the journey onward to the future,
and we are ready for the opportunities that await.