To Our Valued Stockholders
2014 was a good year for IDACORP and Idaho Power Company,
our primary subsidiary. We achieved earnings growth for
a seventh consecutive year. We draw our strength from a
solid foundation as an Idaho-based, fully integrated electric
utility. Our continued focus on optimization of the business
plan, proactive partnerships and customer satisfaction adds
signicantly to shareholder value. We are proud to be your
independent, locally operated power company.
e business community realizes something we’ve known for a
long time: Idaho is a great place to live and work. 2014 brought
more national recognition to our state and our company.
Time
Magazine
named Boise the number one city for “Getting it Right,”
and respected industry publication
Public Utilities Fortnightly
once again named Idaho Power to its prestigious list of “40 Best
Energy Companies.” We improved our ranking to 17, up from 29.
At IDACORP, we believe competitively priced electric service is
essential to a healthy economy. In 2014, we continued to actively
participate and support state and local economic development
initiatives. From programs and incentives available to
commercial and industrial customers to economic development
grants o ered to quali ed nonpro t organizations, it’s important
to us that we do our part to help attract, retain and expand
business and industry in our communities.
We continuously look for ways to increase shareholder value.
In 2014, we increased the regular quarterly cash dividend to
$0.47 per share from $0.43 per share, representing a 9 percent
increase, and a collective 57 percent increase since 2012.
We’ll continue to recommend increasing our dividends until
they reach the upper end of 50 percent to 60 percent of our
sustainable earnings.
For our customers, we were pleased to be able to again share
our earnings under our 2011 Idaho settlement agreement.
Idaho Power earnings exceeding a 10 percent return on
year-end equity in the Idaho jurisdiction are shared between
Idaho customers and the company. We’ve shared $118 million
with our customers since 2009. During 2014 we executed a new
settlement stipulation that provides us with some of the bene ts
of the 2011 agreement, potentially through 2019. We believe this
is a win for both our shareholders and our customers.
IDACORP continues to advance a sizable capital investment
strategy, including its signi cant transmission line projects. At
the end of 2014, we achieved a notable milestone in one of Idaho
Power’s two 500-kilovolt projects, when the Bureau of Land
Management released the draft Environmental Impact Statement
for the 300-mile Boardman to Hemingway transmission line.
While pursuing growth opportunities, we also plan for that
growth. Our biennial Integrated Resource Plan (IRP) is well
underway. e IRP is our 20-year roadmap that captures the
company’s vision for our region’s energy needs and generation
resources. e IRP is developed through a collaborative process
with a sitting advisory committee representing a cross-section of
interests and agencies. e 2015 IRP will be led this summer.
We’ll wrap up with a message about safety, a core value of
our company and a value we extend to our customers in the
communities we serve. Working safely is vital to our business
and to the success of our most valuable asset, our talented and
dedicated employees. In 2014, Idaho Power employees, leaders
and executives renewed their commitment to our culture of
safety — and we’ve made good progress. Our injury record was
reduced in 2014 by nearly 40 percent.
Our success is built on a strong team. e leadership, innovation
and strategic guidance from our Board of Directors and the 2,000-
plus employees of IDACORP bring stability and strength to all we
do and everything we achieve. In 2014, our employees rated us in
the top quartile of a benchmark employee engagement survey.
As our workforce evolves and changes through retirements
and natural attrition, we will continue to e ectively manage
succession through targeted recruiting and employee knowledge
transfer. Together, we proudly serve our communities — in
our work and as volunteers — strengthening our bonds and
delivering on our unwavering commitment to be good corporate
citizens and good neighbors.
For nearly 100 years, we’ve operated as an independent
utility — responsibly managing electricity production, delivery
and planning. We look forward to continuing our legacy, building
a secure energy future for our shareowners and our customers.
ank you for your trust and con dence in our company.
We look forward to another year of progress and success.
Chairman of the Board
President and Chief Executive Officer