IDACORP and Idaho Power Company have a strong legacy,
longevity and a real impact on people’s lives and businesses. We
are pleased to report 2013 was another in a series of successful
years. Our business strategy continues to emphasize Idaho Power
as IDACORP’s core business, and that engine continues to run
strong. Idaho Power has thrived for nearly 100 years as a Boise-
based, locally operated company.
For the past several years, Idaho Power has been
successfully implementing its three-part strategy of
responsible planning, responsible development and
protection of resources, and responsible energy use
to ensure adequate energy supplies. The company
also continues to make gains in reliability,
sustainability, environmental stewardship
and community outreach.
In 2013, we welcomed three new members to
serve on the boards of directors of IDACORP and
Idaho Power: Dennis Johnson, Ronald Jibson and
Darrel Anderson. Dennis is President and CEO
of United Heritage Mutual Holding Company;
Ron is Chairman, President and CEO of Questar
Corporation and Darrel is President and CEO of
Idaho Power; he will become President and CEO of
IDACORP on May 1. Our new board members bring
extensive legal, risk management, utility and financial
experience to the organization.
Our company received some much-deserved national
recognition in 2013. Idaho Power improved its
ranking from 39 to 29 in the annual “40 Best Energy
Companies” by
Public Utilities Fortnightly
, and was
one of only nine energy companies to be named a
“Sustainable Utility Leader” by Target Rock Advisors.
At the end of 2013, LaMont turned over the helm at
Idaho Power to Darrel Anderson, who stepped in as
Idaho Power CEO on Jan 1, 2014. LaMont will retire
from IDACORP on April 30, 2014, but will maintain his
involvement with the companies by remaining on the
Idaho Power and IDACORP boards.
Our company is financially healthy, supply and demand
are in balance, our collaborative culture is strong, and
we are positioned for continued success. We thank you
for your continued interest in and support of IDACORP.
LaMont and Darrel