To our fellowshareowners
At IDACORP, we have a legacy of building today for tomorrow's needs. And 2011 was a year in which financial, technological and infrastructure plans at our primary subsidiary -- Idaho Power -- came together to build for the long view. Our three-part strategy of responsible planning, responsible development and protection of resources, and responsible energy use means we are looking to the future while meeting today's energy needs. Much like in the 1950s when Idaho Power built the three-dam Hells Canyon hydroelectric complex, our work has always set the stage for today's success, as well as future growth. We are preparing for tomorrow for our customers, for our employees, and for you, our owners. As part of our look forward, our company was active on many fronts during 2011. We continued construction of the Langley Gulch Power Plant and created our 2011 Integrated Resource Plan, our biennial 20-year planning document. We also pursued general rate cases in Idaho and Oregon -- both of which concluded with collaborative settlements. And we made progress on our two large transmission projects, Boardman to Hemingway and Gateway West. Specifically, we forged an agreement with the Bonneville Power Administration and PacifiCorp to jointly fund the environmental review and permitting of the 300-mile Boardman to Hemingway project. We continue to work jointly with PacifiCorp on permitting the proposed 1,150-mile Gateway West project, and reached a significant milestone this summer when the Bureau of Land Management issued the draft Environmental Impact Statement for the project. Both of these key projects will provide additional access to regional energy markets, increased flexibility to site future generation resources in southern Idaho, and improve reliability. 2011 was a good year financially, led by a strong third quarter, itself
1

supported by momentum built in the first two quarters. The third quarter brought a change that allowed us to take advantage of benefits associated with Idaho Power's uniform capitalization tax method, which resulted in a welcomed outcome during a continued weak economic environment. The tax method change not only contributed to our bottom line, but resulted in $47 million in benefits for our customers through two regulatory sharing mechanisms. It's also important to acknowledge other factors that contributed to our excellent results, including effective rate initiatives, strong hydroelectric conditions, and increased sales volumes among most customer

Langley Gulch Power Plant

classes due to a cooler winter and warmer summer. Our vision to be regarded as an exceptional utility continues to guide us. We continued to look out for the best interests of both our owners and our customers. One example is our request -- and subsequent commission approval -- to continue an agreement that has shown proven benefit to customers and owners, providing a revenue sharing opportunity for customers and earnings support for our company. This win-win will extend through 2014. Total shareowner return on IDACORP stock in calendar year 2011 was

more than 18 percent. And, looking forward, our Board of Directors increased the 2012 regular quarterly cash dividend to $0.33 per share from $0.30 per share, representing a 10 percent increase. On the customer side, our company was able to provide Idaho customers a rate reduction of more than $25 million on June 1, 2011, due to the combined effects of several regulatory mechanisms. To provide this benefit to customers in the current economy was positive on many fronts. With the nearly 500,000 customers we serve, Idaho Power improved to the fourth-highest ranking in the West Midsize segment in the results
2

of the 2011 J.D. Power and Associates Electric Utility Residential Customer Satisfaction Study. In this study, Idaho Power performed particularly well in Power Quality & Reliability, Price, Corporate Citizenship, Communication and Customer Service. Our company also tied for first place in the West Midsize segment in the J.D. Power and Associates 2012 Electric Utility Business Customer Satisfaction Study. Enhancing our ability to serve customers was the successful completion of a three-year process to install approximately 500,000 "smart" electric meters for customers throughout our service area in 2011. The new meters are part of our

Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) initiative and the overall Smart Grid program. These meters are digital, secure and easier for customers to read. Their functionality enables customers to have more information about their energy use, empowering them to better manage their consumption. The meters also allow our company to save on fuel and maintenance costs, as employees are no longer driving 1.6 million miles per year to read meters. Additionally, Intelligent Utility magazine ranked IDACORP the sixth most intelligent utility in 2011, up from 10th place in 2010. With a score of 141.5, we are considered "Near Genius."

President and Chief Financial Officer of Idaho Power, and will continue as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for IDACORP. Dan Minor was named Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Idaho Power. Steve Keen was promoted to Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer at Idaho Power. These changes continue our legacy of strong leadership. Our entire leadership team continues to work hard to position Idaho Power and IDACORP for the future, while maintaining a connection to our history of success, and the people and communities we serve. Finally, we couldn't have accomplished any of the past year's successes without the more than 2,000 dedicated men and women who make IDACORP run each and every day. We would like to extend a heartfelt "thank you" to them and to our Board of Directors for making 2011 a positive and prosperous year for our company. Here's to a successful 2012.

As we look at our accomplishments in 2011, we also look forward to 2012 and beyond. To that end, in November we announced leadership changes that reinforce the successful foundation we've already laid to build for future years. Beginning Jan. 1, 2012, Darrel Anderson assumed the role of

J. LaMont Keen, President & Chief Executive Officer

Gary Michael, Chairman of the Board

3

