Dear Fellow Shareholders, Customers & Employees
Diversity is not only a signature strength at International Flavors & Fragrances, it is the source of our stability in uncer tain times. It begins in the way we operate, what we offer and where, and extends to consumers around the world who have made our customers' products par t of their everyday lives. Every time a man, woman or child eats or drinks, IFF is there with authentic, delicious flavors that energize and excite. Every time he or she washes the dishes, or takes a bath we are there with scents that invigorate and delight. And every time they have to launder their clothes or freshen up with a bottle of perfume, we are there with fragrances that bolster confidence and pride. For this reason, we have chosen Every Day, Everywhere as the theme of our 2011 annual report. We believe it reflects our identity as a leading innovator and our desire to serve customers with a diverse set of products that enhance the lives of consumers around the world, from the moment they wake up to their last stirrings at night ­ every day, everywhere. It also is the theme that best captures the story of our success in 2011. slowing trends in developed markets, because at the very same time, business in IFF's emerging markets sped ahead with eight percent local currency growth ­ on top of 2010's 16 percent growth ­ so that today, our emerging markets account for 46 percent of the company's total business.

Second, because of our diverse product portfolio, IFF can continuously strive for growth, even as we confront the impacts of economic uncertainty on some of our First, because of IFF's diverse regional luxury products. Last year, for example, footprint, we can absorb economic softness Flavors generated local currency sales in one or more parts of the world while gains nine percent above the prior year, seizing opportunities in others. This makes and together with emerging markets, offset IFF an invaluable partner and resource a challenging year for Fragrances after for customers with less expansive reach. they reported a record 16 percent local It also helped fortify us against last year's currency sales jump in 2010.

Third, because of IFF's diverse set of global and regional customers, some 4,000 strong, we can grow our business year after year, partnering with those customers on the rise even as we support those that are impacted by challenging market dynamics. Today, many customers are eager to expand their presence to the world's developed and emerging markets, and they look to us for insight and experience in driving their brands. In 2011, we delivered on that commitment with solid gains across our wide-ranging global and regional customer base.

Yet success demands more than outstanding results. It requires a flourishing environment in which to operate and healthy populations to attract, employ and serve. To that end, in 2011 we launched the company's firstever external sustainability report. Flowing out of an extensive review of our global sustainability practices, Sustainability: The Essence of IFF is a tangible expression of our company's rich history and long-range strategy to: · Create innovative customer solutions with an emphasis on health and wellness;

we learned that IFF's Flavor and Fragrance businesses are robust with significant runways for future growth. To capitalize on them, we must: ·Accelerate our growth in attractive ­ especially emerging ­ markets; · Align our innovation to drive profitable growth, with a relentless focus on offering customers what our competitors cannot; and · Improve returns with rigorous economic value analysis focused on fixing underperforming businesses and maximizing our profitable segments. By leveraging our geographic reach, strengthening our innovation platform and maximizing our portfolio, IFF can improve business performance and increase shareholder value well into the future. These three strategic priorities are our roadmap as a company and the substance of the pages that follow in this report. Now more than ever, our diverse 5,600 employees, representing over 80 nationalities in 32 countries, spread over four global regions, make IFF an invaluable partner for customers who are sophisticated and demand innovation and superior products ­ characteristics philosophically aligned with our own quests for differentiation and competitive advantage. Every day, everywhere, IFF is there to strengthen our customers' brands by satisfying consumers with indelible products, useful and unique, that reflect their local values and embolden their pursuits of healthy, satisfying lives. With that, let me close by extending my sincere thanks to our employees, board of directors and shareholders. I appreciate and am inspired every day, everywhere by your hard work, dedication and teamwork. Thanks to you, the title of this year's annual report is not just a catchy theme. It is who we are, how we operate and where we seek to win and serve, now and in the future.

Buoyed by a four percent local currency sales growth rate, in 2011 IFF delivered · Build a culture of sustainability that engages and inspires employees; 11 percent adjusted operating profit growth and a 70 basis point improvement in adjusted operating profit margin. We · Source materials and ingredients in socially and environmentally achieved this, in part, by containing costs responsible ways; and and lifting prices two and a half percentage points in order to counteract unprecedented raw material inflationary · Make continuous improvements to our facilities that advance pressures of 10 percent.This solid operating environmental efficiency and social profit performance in turn led to an 11 responsibility for the benefit of our percent increase in adjusted earnings per people and surrounding communities. share to an IFF record: $3.74. We also continued our disciplined approach to reinvestment in our business through a series of incremental investments in our manufacturing capacity ­ in emerging markets and technology ­ for an overall capital expenditure of near five percent of sales. At the same time, we retired $124 million of IFF's outstanding senior notes and replaced the company's credit revolver; we expect both measures to optimize our financial flexibility going forward. No less important, we announced a 15 percent increase in our quarterly cash dividend from $0.27 to $0.31, a testament to our company's positive financial picture and excellent cash flow position. For the second consecutive year, embedded in our ongoing strategic evaluation were the principles of economic profit. Our approach continues to incorporate a return dynamic beyond standard operating costs to ensure we are maximizing shareholder value. With this information, we continued to fine-tune our strategy to ensure we are getting the most value from our categories, regions and customers, every day, everywhere. These four pillars of action are not only right for the planet; they will serve as the foundation for our success for many years to come. Looking toward that future, we believe 2012 will be marked by further uncertainty in the global economy and in raw material costs in particular. Undaunted, we will continue to execute against our strategic priorities as we pursue our long-term financial targets for the third consecutive year. While our consumer insight and customer intimacy have provided a strong pipeline of new wins across multinational and regional customers, our ability to control costs will remain an important driver of success, especially as we continue to make important research and development (R&D) investments. Each will be vital to sustaining IFF's long-term growth. Together, they give us every confidence in facing ­ and winning ­ the future before us.

With that as a backdrop, there are three forward-looking ­ and strategic ­ priorities Douglas D. Tough for 2012 and beyond. Stemming from an Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer intensive analytical review of our business, International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.
See reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP financial measures in exhibit A at end of this report

