DEAR FELLOW SHAREOWNERS:
Kent B. Foster Gregory M. E. Spierkel Worldwide Executive Team Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer
In 2005, Ingram Micro opened doors of opportunity in the form of new markets and new geographies. The year was a significant turning point in our history, as the company charged ahead, outperforming our peers and generating profit levels not seen since the late 1990s. Over the past year we consciously diversified our revenue stream, clearly differentiating ourselves from the competition. At the same time, we remained focused on improving operations, enhancing both our efficiency and customer focus. As a result, we created a streamlined and more flexible infrastructure at the core of a dynamic, thriving, more profitable company. Today our company is stronger, more agile and better prepared
for the future than ever before.
Sales in 2005 grew at a double-digit pace for the second year in a row. We consistently met or exceeded quarterly targets, allowing us to generate our highest operating income levels since 2000. On an annual basis, operating income grew by 28 percent, more than twice the rate of our sales growth. Many have asked how we have been able to perform in challenging markets that have closed doors on others. The key to those doors and the answer to Ingram Micro’s solid success have been based on three foundational elements: sound management, diversification and differentiation.
In my opinion, our management team is second to none – strong and stable, with many of our leaders at the regional and country levels having more than 10 years of Ingram Micro experience. This experience level has proven to be a valuable resource that has been a key factor in our success. Each of our business regions faced challenges this year that a less-seasoned management team might not have been able to meet successfully. Those challenges included a major integration in Asia-Pacific, increased competition in Europe resulting from some economic softness, and implementation of an outsourcing program in North America.
This exceptional management team is also leading us through successful diversification efforts. Our business is a healthy mix of varied geographies and broad products and services, helping us mitigate the risks inherent in any one market or segment. Diversification is what drove last year’s acquisition
of AVAD. This was a visibly strategic move that immediately made us the leading distributor for custom installers of high-end home entertainment and automation, one of the fastest-growing segments of the expanding consumer electronics market in the United States. This, in turn, complemented our 2004 acquisitions of Nimax in the data capture and point-of-sale space and Tech Pacific in the growing Asia- Pacific region.
  >
    
 Sales by Region
  5% 17%
42% 36%
2005
North America Europe Asia-Pacific Latin America
5% 7%
29%
   59%
 Our diversification efforts also create opportunities for our customers, as we build unique services that make us indispensable to our business partners. Our customer communities – such as VentureTech Network, Gov/Ed Alliance and the newly formed System ArchiTECHS – are renowned in our industry, driving business to our partners through stronger relationships and access to information. Our ability
to offer services – such as the Ingram Micro Services Network, mobility carrier contracts, back-end logistics and targeted marketing programs that build access to prosperous end-user markets – create complete solutions that set us apart from the competition. Over the years, we have evolved to be more than a distributor of products – we have become a one-stop solution for a variety of companies that want to build new market opportunities more efficiently and effectively than do-it-yourself alternatives. Our ability to provide innovative combinations of products, services and support will continue to open more doors into greater growth and profitability.
Our eye towards innovation and customer solutions drive our plans for expansion. Just as we’ve crossed the threshold of adjacent technologies and new services, we will continue to develop our global footprint. Today, North America and Western Europe account for some 73 percent of the worldwide IT spend, but these regions represent only 12 percent of the total population(1). By contrast, Asia-Pacific comprises 56 percent of the world’s population, but represents only 20 percent of IT spending (1). Our “doubling down” in Asia with the acquisition of Tech Pacific puts us ahead of this phenomenon, positioning us well for the emergence of greater technology adoption in this growing region.
Clearly, each of our four major operating regions requires its own unique and tactical approach. Stepping inside the North American market, we find an IT world where competition is a steady state. We succeed in this market because we are able to prove our value every day to our customers, becoming indispensable through differentiation and superior service. Of the company’s $28.8 billion in worldwide sales for 2005, North America generated 42 percent of our revenues at $12.2 billion, a 4-percent increase over the prior year. In North America, the highlight of the year was surpassing the milestone of 1.5 percent in operating profit. This achievement was the culmination of a number of market-leading initiatives. These initiatives addressed our pricing for service approach through Choice Advantage, our expansion into adjacent markets through the acquisitions of Nimax and AVAD, and our cost structure through our outsourcing and optimization program. While these and other pursuits, such as a new distribution agreement with Juniper Networks, helped us to reach our target, the real push came from the things that we do every day: providing excellent customer service, superior execution and smart management.
>
(1) Source: CIA World Fact Book, 2005 and IDC WW Black Book Q4 2005
2001

 The doors of the European market opened to weak economies in many countries last year, which created a challenging environment for many companies. With a keen focus on customer experience, our European team was able to gain share – generating 36 percent of our revenues at $10.4 billion, a 6-percent increase over the prior year. A currency headwind muted the region’s strong sales growth, where we effectively grew faster than our peers. Almost every European country improved in sales over the previous year. The key here was execution and diversification. As one of the few distributors in Europe that offers both telecommunications hardware and services through carrier contracts with Vodafone and Orange,
we plan to build on our mobility strategy by capitalizing on the convergence between voice, data commu- nications and GPS. In addition, Xerox recently chose Ingram Micro to be one of its few master distributors in Europe – yet another component of our broad portfolio of products and services.
Having secured regional leadership through the acquisition and integration of Tech Pacific, we have opened new doors in the Asia-Pacific region. There, our operations generated 17 percent of our revenues at $4.8 billion, a 77-percent increase over the prior year, which was driven by our successful acquisition – an adept strategic move that positions us at the forefront of emerging-market growth in this region. Our success in the region is not limited to our integration of Tech Pacific. China is another success story. My thanks to the Ingram Micro associates from around the world who did a tour of duty in China, helping to improve our infrastructure, management processes and business controls. These actions have paid off and the China operations have made significant advancements in their operating results. This was a huge accomplishment, but there is still room for improvement. So, with the integration of the two companies completed, together with our improved operations in China, we’re confident this region will be a major growth and profitability driver for us in 2006 and beyond.
The doors of opportunity also followed us into Latin America. This region was the year’s shining success story, generating 5 percent of our revenues at $1.3 billion – an impressive 20-percent increase over the prior year. Even more impressive is the corresponding operating income growth of 59 percent! This is quite an achievement when one considers that two years ago this region was operating at a loss. With
the major overhaul of the operational processes complete, our focus will shift to building the business with both new categories (data capture, point-of-sale and consumer electronics, for example) and new services targets for growth.
Around the world our efforts are paying off, and we welcome new challenges more than ever. With the foundation set, we can now direct our energy towards profitable growth generated from the core, expansion and diversification. The core business offers ample growth potential through increased market penetration in the areas of the small to medium-sized business (SMB), retail and e-tail markets. Expanding beyond our core, there are rich veins to tap in new technology segments, as we’ve done with consumer electronics. And finally, diversification of our business will continue as we offer new business solutions and services.
In closing, I would like to thank our directors, management team and dedicated associates, as well as our business partners and shareowners, for remaining committed to Ingram Micro and helping to make it the success we are today. As we enter 2006 and beyond, the doors of opportunity open to an optimistic view of the future. We have a talented team, we are serving a growing market, and we are successfully executing a plan that will drive us to greater strength and leadership. We will continue to remain focused on the things that we do best: providing innovative solutions, creating value with superior execution,
and being the indispensable business partner that our suppliers and customers deserve.
Kent B. Foster Gregory M. E. Spierkel Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer
  