Dear Shareholders:
  2
In 2004, Ingram Micro celebrated its twenty-fifth year in business. This is a significant milestone in many respects. As individuals, twenty-five years puts us well into adulthood. As a business, passing the first quarter-century mark signifies longevity and makes us a seasoned industry survivor. Turning twenty-five brings a new level of maturity and vision. Not only are we older and wiser, we are revitalized, reinvented and replete with successes.
Our clear direction and methodical approach led to a banner year of profitable growth and positive change. With a keen focus on the future, we took action to become a stronger organization, better prepared to drive results worldwide. We completed the largest acquisition in our history and created an innovative business model that allows customers to choose how they want to be served. Every region generated an operating profit, with improved results over the prior year.
   
   3
Gregory M.E. Spierkel
 Kevin M. Murai
 William D. Humes
 Larry C. Boyd
 Kent B. Foster
Karen E. Salem
        Keith W. F. Bradley Hans T. Koppen Alain Monié Alain Maquet
Matthew A. Sauer
 ”Turning twenty-five brings a new level of maturity and vision. Not only are we older and wiser, we are revitalized, reinvented and replete with successes.”
 Ria M. Carlson
 James F. Ricketts
          
 TECH PACIFIC ACQUISITION
 KEY STRATEGIC BENEFITS
MARKET LEADER in Australia, India, New Zealand, Singapore, Hong Kong and Malaysia.
REGIONAL PROFITABILITY improves significantly.
BALANCED GEOGRAPHIC MIX of established countries (Australia, New Zealand, Singapore) and emerging markets (China, India).
COMPLEMENTARY PRODUCT MIX CREATES UNPARALLELED PORTFOLIO
— Systems, peripherals, networking, software, CE, telecom and components.
ACCRETIVE TO EARNINGS in fourth quarter 2004 and fiscal year 2005.
      In Asia-Pacific, we purchased Tech Pacific, a profitable, well-managed distributor that was successful in both high-growth, emerging countries as well as mature, stable markets. The acquisition significantly strengthened our presence throughout the region, doubling our revenues, improving our operating profits and creating market leadership positions in
 Australia, New Zealand, India, Malaysia, Singapore and Hong Kong. Tech Pacific did not have operations in China, a country which presents both a great challenge and exciting opportunity. To strengthen our position in China, we transferred one of our key European leaders
to Shanghai. His leadership quickly led to improved business processes and controls,
setting the stage for consistent results in this promising country. These steps along with improved performance across the region caused Asia-Pacific operating income to swing from an operating loss in 2003 to an operating profit in 2004.
Asia
                     In our North American region, we implemented Choice Advantage with our value-added resellers in the United States. This groundbreaking partner service model gives customers more flexibility
  North America
and control in choosing which of our services best fit their needs. Pricing is customized based on the level of service, reducing the guesswork inherent in the traditional “cost-plus” model.
We‘ve rolled out the program nationwide and expect to see increased traction with our customers. Choice Advantage is one of the many initiatives we are designing to improve the
region‘s operating margins, which experienced some erosion this year in the face of intense competition. Although North America is perhaps our most mature market, we have great
opportunity to enhance profitability.
Our European operations are reaping the benefits of the organization and process improvements instituted over the last several years. We are building on our multinational approach to back-office operations by adding networking services and supplies to our well established pan-European components business unit. We
also reorganized the German networking division, integrating the once stand-alone operations into
 our traditional distribution business. This allowed us to focus more on customer service and marketing. Through these and a number of other initiatives, we outperformed the local competition and improved profitability over the prior year. Although we are a leader in operating profit in the European market, opportunity remains to generate even greater world-class results.
Europe
    4

              As our star performer of 2004, Latin America generated some of the
highest operating margins among the regions. This is a significant achievement
considering the region posted an operating loss in 2003. Over the last year, the region
was diligent in improving business processes and strengthening its management team. Their willingness to enact tough changes has reaped handsome rewards; however, we still see plenty of opportunity in the region.
SUSTAINABLE, PROFITABLE GROWTH
Latin America
      As our regional performance demonstrates, we have taken deliberate
action and made measurable strides in achieving sustainable, profitable
growth. We have diligently concentrated on improving the strength of the organization, with a focus on both top- and bottom-line growth. Our performance in 2004 reflects this emphasis. Worldwide sales grew nearly 13 percent—the greatest increase since 1999—while net income increased more than 47 percent.
    TOTAL DEBT ($ millions)
1600 1400 1200 1000
800 600 400 200
0
                  2000 2001 2002
2003 2004
 Off-Balance Sheet (1) Debt
Daily discipline and years of hard work are paying off. By the end of 2004, our balance sheet was the best in our industry. Our outstanding balance sheet is highlighted by vastly improved inventory metrics. At the end of 2004, inventory days were 28; this is a 7-day improvement in just four years. Those numbers have had a profound impact on reducing our investment in working capital and lowering our level of debt. The cash generated from our profits and working capital management allowed us to purchase Tech Pacific and still maintain a debt-to-capitalization ratio that is
the lowest since the 1990s.
(1) Represents off-balance sheet debt related to accounts receivable financing of $910.2, $222.3, $75.0, $60.0, and $0 at the end of 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, and 2004, respectively.
 5

GROWING OUR BUSINESS
While we are eager to expand into new areas, we will never lose sight of our core business. We will continue to increase our market share by seeking new customers and markets that complement our basic distribution services.
We will build on our core successes by doing what we do best: out-performing the competition with exceptional service, technical support, prompt delivery and broad product offerings. We will also add to our revenue stream by providing innovative services such as IM Logistics supply-chain services, improved technical and marketing support and financial and freight options.
By concentrating on high-growth, high-margin business, we will create a more profitable mix of products and services. Wireless products and private labeling are examples with growth and margin potential. We will continue to expand into adjacent markets and pursue targeted opportunities that have the potential for sustainable growth. These include:
CONSUMER ELECTRONICS. With home networking on the rise and the mounting adoption of wireless in consumer-facing businesses, the demand for converged technology products is growing at a rapid pace. Through partnering with installers who set up digital home environments, our Digital Home unit, launched in North America, is working with vendors to tap this expanding market.
COMPONENTS. This business remains strong in Europe and Asia Pacific while our newly created components business in North America is making strides. Together, these units expand our global presence and provide worldwide service to leading vendors such as Intel, Seagate, Samsung and AMD.
AUTOMATIC IDENTIFICATION AND DATA CAPTURE/POINT OF SALE (AIDC/POS). This dynamic market includes everything from bar code scanners to RFID to point-of-sale terminals. North America‘s recent acquisition of Nimax gives us an ideal platform for growth. Having already expanded AIDC into Canada and Asia, our goal is to become a market leader within five years.
INDUSTRY RECOGNITION
Our improvements in the way we do business with our
customers were recognized by many of our key partners
in 2004. This past year, Ingram Micro was named North
American Distributor of the Year by Computer Associates
International, and was recognized as an Outstanding Partner
by VERITAS Software. We went on to win two coveted
awards from IBM in recognition of being the company‘s top
distributor for the Americas and achieving the largest market
share in the United States. Another important partner, Cisco
Systems, named Ingram Micro its Global Distributor Partner of the Year and Americas International Partner of the Year in Latin America. We look forward to continuing to strengthen our relationships with these and other partners.
  SALES ($ millions)
26000 25000 24000 23000 22000 21000
     2001 2002 2003 2004
 6

 OPERATING INCOME ($ millions)
300 250 200 150 100
50 0
             2001 2002
2003 2004
   (1) Non–GAAP information excludes reorganization costs, major program costs and special items. Please refer to Schedule 1 for reconciliation of GAAP and Non–GAAP financial metrics.
 Non-GAAP (1) GAAP
 LEADERSHIP TRANSITIONS
Much of our success and growth over the last year can be directly attributed to the people who make our organization work—our exemplary associates as well as our exceptional management team. Accordingly, we welcomed a number of talented leaders to new management positions, while saying goodbye to several valued executives.
On April 6, 2005, I announced my retirement from the daily responsibilities of chief executive officer. I will continue to serve Ingram Micro in the role of non-executive chairman, while Gregory M.E. Spierkel will replace me as chief executive officer. Greg has demonstrated outstanding
performance since becoming corporate president last year, guiding the acquisition of Tech Pacific in our Asia-Pacific region and creating the top performing distributor in Europe. Kevin M. Murai, who became corporate president with Greg last year, was promoted to president and chief operating officer. Kevin has been instrumental in enhancing the company’s stature in the marketplace by leading our profit-enhancement efforts two years ago, and securing our foothold in new technologies such as consumer electronics and AIDC/POS. Both Greg and Kevin have been nominated to become members of the board of directors. The promotion of Kevin and Greg to corporate presidents last year followed the retirement of Michael J. Grainger, president and chief operating officer.
Two other officers retired during the year. Thomas A. Madden, executive vice president and chief financial officer, left the company at the beginning of April 2005 to enter the world of academia, leaving behind a superb track record, as well as the best-in-class finance team he helped to build. A key member of this team, William D. Humes, capably steps into the CFO position. Joining Tom in retirement is Asger Falstrup, senior vice president and president of the Latin America region, who was replaced with Alain Maquet, former senior vice president, southern and western Europe. Alain has proven time and again that he‘s a leader committed to driving excellent results.
Recently promoted from chief financial officer of North America to regional president, Keith W. F. Bradley brings outstanding leadership qualities and an innovative vision to his new role.
Together, these members of our worldwide executive team exemplify Ingram Micro‘s commitment to the strong, stable management needed to take our organization to the next level.
Our board of directors was also pleased to welcome two excellent additions in 2004. Former partner to venture capital firm GRP Partners, Linda Fayne Levinson comes to the board with a strong management background and invaluable experience as an investor, entrepreneur and corporate advisor. Howard I. Atkins, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Wells Fargo & Company, brings 30 years of financial and international corporate experience to Ingram Micro‘s board. Both new members understand the importance of adding value for our shareholders, and greatly complement the strengths of our board.
 7

 THE NEXT 25 YEARS
 8
It is impossible to know exactly where Ingram Micro will
be in 25 years, but I can tell you what I think we will look like in five years. We will be more diverse geographically, as high-growth markets outside of North America and Europe become a larger part of our business.
There will be more emphasis on providing services that complement our core distribution business. IM Logistics, brand marketing services and consultative work will make up a larger slice of our revenue pie. And we will continue our push toward private-label products.
Let me be equally clear about what will never change — not in five years or twenty-five. We will continue to invest wisely and maximize our resources. We will track our results relentlessly, quarter after quarter, year after year. We will turn commitments into concrete realities. We will seek to outperform our competition in every phase of our business. We want to be recognized as first among our peers: first in revenue, first in profitable growth and first in return on investment. And, our commitment to bring more value to you, our shareholder, will never erode.
Trends may come and go, but our values will not fluctuate. Ingram Micro keeps its word. When we say we are going to do something, we do it. We are honest and ethical and we will never tolerate anything less than the highest standards of integrity.
As we enter our next quarter century, I have enormous confidence in the future of our company. Through good times and bad, we have stayed the course and achieved our objectives. We may be older, but we are also stronger and more nimble than we were in our youth. Chronologically, we may be twenty-five, but we are wise beyond our years.
Kent Foster
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  