  Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Throughout history, explorers have looked beyond their own limitations to discover new frontiers. Their vision, desire and strength of character made the seemingly impossible, possible. As technology continues to push the boundaries of untapped potential, it is the spirit of exploration and discovery that sets Ingram Micro apart from its competitors. This spirit is also what drives our associates to create new means to better serve our vendor and reseller customers, and to bring more value to our shareowners.
Since its inception, Ingram Micro has always led the way – defining its history by boldly entering new frontiers while others wait to follow. The company’s legacy is grounded with industry-leading firsts, which include: a thriving presence in Asia-Pacific, a successful fee-for-service logistics business, a comprehensive services suite, and expansion into adjacencies through consumer electronics and data capture/point-of-sale (DC/POS).
New Frontiers
Ingram Micro not only discovers new frontiers – we create them. And, like so many explorers throughout history, we lead the way.
With this inspiration, Ingram Micro made history of its own in 2007 by reaching $35 billion and $276 million in annual sales and net income, respectively. These all-time highs translated into a 12-percent increase in annual sales over the prior year, surpassing the sales growth rates of our major competitors and making us the No. 1 broad-based IT distribution leader in the four major geographic regions around the world. Our continued success in 2007 resulted from four key factors: our investment in Asia-Pacific, a solid management team, innovation and our unwavering commitment to partner success.
IT distribution remains the driving engine central to our success, but new frontiers for growth will be created through innovation.
In 2007, our innovative efforts produced new business models in high-end consumer electronics, high-growth portfolio enhancements in network security and DC/POS, and first-to-market managed-services offerings. Each of these initiatives has been embraced by the company and represents significant ongoing strategic opportunity for our business on a global basis.
 A History of “Firsts”
  First to establish successful fee-for-service logistics business
First to offer high-end consumer electronics
   First broad-based distributor in Asia
First broad-based IT DC/POS distributor
 First to develop comprehensive services suite

  Global Frontiers
In North America, our team has done an exemplary job of diversifying its business without losing focus on the core. Two years ago, our acquisition of AVAD made us leaders in the consumer electronics custom installation market. In 2007, our acquisition of DBL Distributing, one of the top U.S. distributors of consumer electronics accessories, established us as a leader in the independent retail market. Our focus on diversification also spurred our acquisitions of VPN Dynamics, a network security products training and services provider, and Securematics, a network security products and solutions distributor. These acquisitions will contribute to the region’s profitability while expanding our expertise in areas that offer higher growth, better margins and enhanced value propositions.
Elsewhere in the region, we launched our Infrastructure Technology Solutions Division focused on empowering our channel partners
to profitably grow their businesses, by making it easier to sell and support complex infrastructure solutions. In recognition of our efforts to build the businesses of thousands of solutions providers and manufacturer partners, Ingram Micro was named the Most Strategic Broadline Distributor Partner for the second year in a row by CMP Channel’s 22nd annual CRN Sourcing Study. The culmination of these efforts drove North American revenues to a record $13.92 billion.
On our Latin America frontier, we’ve made investments in growth, expanding into Argentina to take advantage of the country’s growing economy. We also saw good growth in our Miami-based export operations and in Brazil, while our Chile operations focused on margin enhancement. Mexico remains one of our more profitable business units, despite a pull-back in government spending and tough comparisons to the prior year’s exceptional sales of popular consumer products. Our Latin American team performed well, adapting to the business volatility that is common in emerging markets, to generate a 5-percent increase in revenues over the prior year to $1.55 billion.
In our Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, our efforts to diversify are taking hold. In 2006, we gained a foothold in the DC/POS market with our acquisition of SymTech, a small distributor in the Nordics. We fortified this strategy in early 2008 with the purchase of Paradigm, a specialty distributor serving the U.K. and Ireland.
On another front, we’re capitalizing on our investment in Germany’s new warehouse management system, as we drive a competitive advantage by providing better service with greater efficiency for our customers. Overall, our success throughout the region is the outcome of the excellent customer service levels maintained by our European team. Through their efforts, the region realized a healthy 16-percent increase in revenues over the prior year to $12.44 billion.
 Sales by Region / 2003
                                             North America EMEA Asia-Pacific Latin America

  Finally, 2007 was a true breakout year for Asia-Pacific. Every country performed well, with China delivering a headlining performance. Anticipating the significant opportunities this growing region had to offer, we acquired Tech Pacific in late 2004 and heightened our focus on China. Years of quietly building our management team and operational expertise have paid off handsomely. Just three years ago, Asia-Pacific represented approximately 10 percent of Ingram Micro’s total revenues and was barely breaking even. Today, Asia-Pacific contributes more than 20 percent of our global revenues and is a significant profit engine.
Overall, the region reaps sustained benefits from its infrastructure and process improvements, as it presses the advantage of its growing, emerging markets. Growth has been fueled by not only strong demand, but also by our own efforts to drive the business toward new market frontiers. In China, for example, we’ve added resources to support our push in the networking business. In Australia, we launched a successful “value” business based on enterprise solutions. And in New Zealand, new leadership made swift changes to improve performance. As a result, our growth far exceeded the pace of the local market and generated an impressive 29-percent increase in revenues to $7.13 billion.
Leadership Transitions
Thanks to a solid management team, Ingram Micro’s performance has been consistently strong, even in challenging and changing environments. And, as on all winning teams, the mix changes over time. After nearly 20 years of service, Kevin M. Murai, president and chief operating officer, elected to leave the company. To ensure a smooth leadership transition, Alain Monié, our then executive vice president and president of Asia-Pacific, assumed the president and chief operating officer role in July, working closely with Kevin until his departure. In Asia-Pacific, we were able to draw on our deep internal bench strength to tap Shailendra Gupta, senior vice president of Asia-Pacific and former chief executive officer of Tech Pacific, to succeed Alain as president of the region.
Our EMEA region also saw a change of leadership when Hans Koppen, executive vice president and president of EMEA announced his retirement in 2007. Jay Forbes, a seasoned executive from a number of leading corporations in Canada, was recruited to assume this top role. Finally, our senior vice president of human resources, Matt Sauer, also retired. Lynn Jolliffe, our former head of human resources for both Europe and North America, was promoted into this position. Promoting proven executives from within as well as attracting diverse experience and talent from outside the company are key to continued strength in these important leadership roles. With our thanks and best wishes, we say good-bye to all our teammates who have retired.
 Sales by Region / 2007
                                                                           
 The Next Frontier
As we prepare for the next frontier – which may come from new technologies, geographies, models and/or markets – we face a softer economic environment in the near term. We’ve met similar market downturns in the past and emerged a stronger company. Today, our flexibility, adaptability and confidence make us better able to address these shifting conditions.
The strategic investments we’ve made over the recent years will serve us well in tomorrow’s economy. Our core business – the value- added resellers that serve the SMB market – continues to be resilient. Customers are recognizing our superior execution and good service through accolades and awards. Vendors are turning to us to expand their reach and grow their businesses, particularly in complex emerging markets. And, we continue to make headway in our diversification efforts, introducing new services on a regular basis and building on our acquisitions in adjacencies.
Ingram Micro has the best team in this business and we are ready to take our company to the next level. I am confident that our innate spirit of exploration and innovation will fuel our pursuit of excellence. We are committed to the success of our partners as we build broader capabilities in marketing, customer support, outbound sales, services and value-based technology solutions – areas that help our vendors and resellers thrive while cultivating greater customer loyalty.
Our success and that of our business partners would not be possible without the dedication and commitment of every Ingram Micro associate worldwide. I’m proud of what we accomplished in 2007, and I am confident that together, my fellow associates and I will forge new frontiers in 2008. To my teammates, our partners and valued shareowners, thank you for your ongoing support.
Gregory M.E.Spierkel
Chief Executive Officer
      Sales ($ millions)
                                                                                           2003 2004 2005 2006 2007
