Dear Fellow Shareholders:
For 30 years, Ingram Micro has served as the essential link between the people who create technology and the people who use it. From helping consumers gain access to the first ground-breaking Commodore and Macintosh computers, to supporting Microsoft in a successful global rollout of Windows 7, Ingram Micro was there.
From creating solutions to help value-added resellers (VAR) mitigate Y2K risk for their customers, to supporting the world’s largest technology players prepare data centers for the arrival of cloud computing, Ingram Micro was there.
We’re proud of our active participation in nearly all the major technological advancements of the past three decades. And, in 2009, as global markets remained difficult, we sharpened our way of thinking to ensure we’ll continue to
be an essential partner in future technological innovation. Every step of the way, we do so with a commitment to generating strong returns on invested capital and maximizing total shareholder value.
Emphasizing Financial Stability
While we had little control over the global economic landscape last year, we did have the foresight to use this
time as a catalyst for change to enhance our business performance and structure in a highly dynamic environment. We spent the first part of the year completing initiatives that protected margins, removed unnecessary costs, reor- ganized or divested under-performing businesses, and made a strong pledge to better align our goals with those of our customers. By the second half of the year, with demand starting to improve and our attention redirected to the external marketplace, we enhanced customer engagement and re-energized our sales activities by partnering better, smarter and faster, accelerating our turnaround as we entered a period of economic recovery.
As a result of the global decline in IT spending and our internal focus, our financial results were mixed, as sales decreased to $29.5 billion from the prior-year level of $34.4 billion. Despite this decline, we made considerable progress and realized strong sequential growth during the last six months of 2009. We carefully managed gross margins and concentrated on moving our business mix toward higher-margin accounts, geographies, and product and service offerings. Our operating leverage improved by removing approximately $130 million in costs and creating new efficiencies.
With respect to the balance sheet, we diligently managed our capital in a turbulent environment and exited the year with cash balances approaching $1 billion and debt decreasing by almost $100 million from the previous year. The stability we created during the year offers flexibility to consider a number of ways to increase shareholder value, including organic investments, acquisitions and alternative means of returning capital to shareholders. It also sets a very strong foundation from which to excel in 2010 and beyond.
    1985
Ingram Industries acquires Buffalo, N.Y.-based Software Distribution Services.
1986
Adding further depth and expertise, Ingram Industries acquires a majority interest in Micro D, Inc.
1989
Creating a new industry powerhouse, Santa Ana, Calif.- based Micro D merges with Buffalo-based Ingram Computer to become Ingram Micro D. The company enters Europe by acquiring Softeurop, a Belgian software wholesaler.
1992
Expanding its global presence, Ingram Micro enters the Asia Pacific region in 1992 by establishing operations in Malaysia and Singapore.
                                           
                                                                              Ensuring Operational Excellence
From adversity comes opportunity. While the global recession dampened demand, it also presented an opportune time for structural changes we were already considering. In North America, for example, we shuttered 10 under-performing branches in our consumer electronics business, which was under considerable pressure from a drop in consumer spending, as well as the housing market slide. In the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region, we exited our
core distribution operations in Denmark, Norway and Finland during a period of substantial economic transformation. We also renegotiated certain unprofitable contracts and rallied around a call to improve execution, service excellence and customer engagement.
In Asia Pacific, where we are the only global broad-based technology distributor, we began streamlining our operations even before the recession hit the region. The resiliency and flexibility we gained from these actions allowed us to react swiftly when customer demand dampened.
In Latin America, we faced a number of unique issues, from constrained government spending in Mexico to chal- lenging tax regulations in Brazil, along with a weaker overall demand environment. Despite these hurdles, the team delivered the highest annual operating margin of all the regions.
Although our actions throughout the year were tailored to the specific needs and demands of each region and business line, they all supported the overarching goal of achieving operational excellence throughout Ingram Micro. Our success was driven by prescience, hard work and an unwavering commitment to emerge stronger, more capable and ready to win for years to come.
Increasing Longevity Through Growth
As our internal initiatives gained traction, we shifted gears to emphasize business growth for our vendor and reseller partners and pursuit of new opportunities in the marketplace. In Asia Pacific, we acquired capabilities from Vantex, the region’s largest data capture/point-of-sale distributor, and Value Added Distributors, an enterprise solutions provider. We quickly integrated these businesses to capture cost and revenue synergies. And in EMEA, we acquired Computacenter Distribution, one of the UK’s leading distributors of servers, storage and software for the mid-tier market. With enhanced engagement of our business partners, complemented by our strategic acquisitions, we made considerable progress and realized strong sequential growth in revenues in the second half of 2009.
Technology spending is expected to rise modestly in 2010 and should help stimulate the general economy. Against this backdrop, we are pursuing growth at or above market rates, while keeping a watchful eye on costs.
  1993
Entering the Latin America market, Ingram Micro acquires a majority interest in Mexico’s largest wholesale distributor and begins operations in Central America as Ingram Dicom.
1995 When Microsoft launched Windows 95 ...
WE WERE THERE ...
co-sponsoring a Windows 95 Tour to drive a successful rollout.
1996
Ingram Micro is spun
off from privately owned Ingram Industries and becomes a public company listed on the NYSE as “IM.”
1999 As the new millennium approached and concerns over Y2K preparation increased ...
WE WERE THERE ...
creating solutions and helping VARs mitigate risks for their customers.
                     
                                                                                                                                                        The tactics we’ll use are many, but the objective is the same: to extend our performance leadership across the globe, bolster our position in the marketplace and provide greater value to all stakeholders. These actions will set the stage for Ingram Micro to continue as one of the strongest links in the value chain for the next 30 years.
Our plans, which are in various stages of implementation, include reinforcing our most profitable adjacent businesses while adding new capabilities through a carefully considered combination of organic growth and acquisitions. For example, we are:
• Expanding and investing in our fee-for-service logistics business to reach new geographies and customer categories, demonstrating our expertise beyond traditional IT products;
• Developing opportunities in data-center solutions and enterprise computing, as hosted technology solutions become more popular and our reseller customers look to enhance their capabilities in this exciting and growing area of technology;
• Strengthening our data capture/point-of-sale business, leveraging our scale as the only truly global distributor in this space;
• Building on our momentum as the first distributor with a robust services suite, quickly adding customers while preparing new offerings to address the rise of cloud computing; and
• Improving our consumer electronics business to ensure quality service, valuable expertise and a comprehensive product line.
Regardless of business line, geography or capability, we will continue to solidify relationships with vendors, improve customer engagement, and provide world-class customer service. Further enhancing our value proposition, our considerable financial strength should allow us to complement our internal growth initiatives with potential acquisi- tions. As we deploy capital against our growth initiatives, we will remain critically mindful of the velocity and level of returns on our investments.
Deriving Strength from Commitment
Much has changed over the past 30 years, but one thing remains the same: When technology advances,
Ingram Micro is there. As new technologies evolve, economic cycles play out and customer needs vary, we’ll continue to be a strong partner, providing the outstanding value for which we’ve always been known. That reputation originated with Martha Ingram, one of our founders, who was instrumental in our spin-off as a stand-alone public
  2000
Looking to expand
its leadership in the
IT channel, Ingram Micro launches IM Logistics, its fee-for-service business.
2004
     2001 As technology companies looked for ways to drive efficiencies during an economic downturn ...
WE WERE THERE ...
providing cost-effective reverse logistics (returns) for Microsoft’s retail presence.
Predicting the emerging markets in Asia would drive strong growth, Ingram Micro doubles its presence in the Asia Pacific region with the purchase of Tech Pacific— the largest acquisition in the company’s history.
Branching into adjacent markets, Ingram Micro acquires Nimax, a key player that offered value-added distribution of automatic identification and data capture/ point-of-sale (AIDC/POS), barcode and wireless products.
                    
company in 1996. Martha retired from our board this year after many years of service, and we will greatly miss her wise counsel and graciousness. In her honor, this year we established the annual Martha Ingram Leadership Award for associates who influence their colleagues and community with integrity, honesty, selflessness and courage — all traits Martha exemplified throughout her career. Martha is a model for how we strive to conduct our business, dedi- cated to performance in a socially responsible manner.
To our nearly 14,000 associates worldwide, our 1,300 vendors, our 180,000 reseller customers, and our loyal share- holders, I offer my thanks and gratitude. We all have reason to be proud. Please share my optimism when I say that, true to our history, we fully intend to make the most of the opportunities in front of us to drive the technology indus- try forward.
The progress we made in 2009 helped us set the stage for improved market share and sustainable revenue growth and profitability. The business practices we have cultivated, and the culture of strong customer service and respon- sible global citizenship that we have established, allow Ingram Micro to measure up well against any peer, anywhere. Our combined efforts, past, present and future, ensure continued stability, excellence, longevity and strength — fundamentals that have served us and our customers well over the last 30 years, and will continue to do so in the decades ahead.
Gregory M.E. Spierkel Chief Executive Officer
                                                                                                                                2005 When Cisco shipped its millionth U.S. distribution order for fiscal 2005 ...
WE WERE THERE ...
and were recognized for our role in expanding their small- to medium-sized business (SMB) market.
2008
Ingram Micro expands its geographic footprint for data capture/point-of-sale distribution with the acquisitions of Paradigm in the UK, Eurequat in France, Intertrade in Germany and Cantechs in China.
2009 When Dell embraced the
IT distribution channel ...
WE WERE THERE ...
to help them penetrate the SMB market through two-tier distribution.
2009
Ingram Micro strengthens its enterprise computing presence with the acquisitions of Value Added Distributors in New Zealand and Computacenter Distribution in the UK.
               