 shaping our future
Dear Shareowners,
If I could sum up the year 2000 in one word, it would be execution. We delivered net income of $226
million or $1.52 per diluted share compared to $183 million or $1.24 per diluted share in 1999, demonstrating substantial progress in our march toward improved profitability and shareowner returns. As we began the year, we faced a challenging business environment. Alterations to manufacturers’ terms and conditions, combined with a price war among our competitors, had caused dramatic changes in our industry during 1999. The resulting turmoil forced many companies to cease or reduce operations. Ingram Micro, however, saw an opportunity to make the changes work for us rather than against us. As the market leader, we assumed responsibility for turning the industry around to achieve
long-term profitability.
Our primary objective for the year was to lead the industry in gross margin improvement, and we
delivered. We increased gross margin 76 basis points from the end of the first quarter to the final quarter of the year — a feat previously unheard of in our industry. By working closely with both our customers and IT manufacturer partners, we re-established the value of our services in the marketplace. This achievement clearly demonstrates the importance our partners place on our capabilities.
At the same time, several factors constrained our net sales growth in 2000. First, we shifted our global focus to increasing profitability and altered our pricing strategies, knowing the market reaction would impact sales growth. Second, in our European region, currencies were weaker and growth in demand for IT products was less than in 1999. Finally, in the fourth quarter of 2000, demand for IT products declined significantly in the United States. In spite of these challenges, we are proud to report that our net sales grew 9 percent to $30.7 billion for the year (13 percent when adjusted for European currencies).
30 500 250
        25 20 15 10
5
400 200 300 150 200 100 100 50
                       000 $$$
‘96 ‘97 ‘98 ‘99 ‘00 ‘96 ‘97 ‘98 ‘99 ‘00 ‘96 ‘97 ‘98 ‘99 ‘00 Net Sales]figures in billions Income From Operations]figures in millions Net Income]figures in millions
   .02 | INGRAM MICRO

   Even with this level of net sales growth, we delivered an operating profit increase of 77 percent to $353 million in 2000. This dramatic improvement shows the power of increasing gross margins to affect our operating profit. The actions we took advanced the company in its continuous goal to drive profitable growth and increase return on invested capital.
Our intense focus on reducing working capital needs throughout the year also had a significant positive effect on our financial results. By turning inventory faster and managing our payables and receivables to consistent levels, we reduced our debt and interest expense. We decreased inventory 16 percent and cut our total debt — including on- and off-balance-sheet debt — 10 percent from year-end 1999. With our reduced debt and current financing capacity, we are a strong financial ally for customers and suppliers alike. And, more importantly, we have ample financial resources to support future growth.
Building On Our Strengths
More than two decades of experience have positioned Ingram Micro to set the pace for global IT distribution. As the industry leader, we offer a broader selection of products and services in more geographic locations — and deliver them to our customers with more speed and precision — than any other broad-line distributor.
In 2000, we extended our lead with important advances. The following activities have helped us enhance our service and efficiency levels while nurturing long-term relationships up and down the IT industry supply chain:
• Added new products and services to meet the needs of the dynamic, fast-paced IT market
• Expanded our facilities and enhanced them with the latest logistics technology
• Rolled out e-commerce capabilities globally to increase customer service and improve
operating efficiency
• Launched a new division in the United States, IM-Logistics, that allows us to explore new markets
with minimal investment by leveraging our core logistics competency
• Continued to align our business and integrate our processes more closely with our customers
and suppliers
Setting Clear Direction
Ingram Micro’s worldwide executive team (see photo on Page 5) was a key factor in driving our success throughout 2000. Thanks to their efforts, associate satisfaction and retention improved
INGRAMMICRO |.03
 
 setting clear direction
significantly, increasing the effectiveness of our workforce and enhancing overall company performance. These leaders provide clear vision and stability in our organization. It is an honor to work with them.
Two key executive positions were added this year. Michael J. Grainger was promoted from chief financial officer to president and chief operating officer. Guy P. Abramo, who most recently served as our chief information officer, became the first chief strategy and information officer in our company’s history. These appointments further strengthen our management team and enable Mike and Guy to use their abilities to the fullest.
Looking Ahead
We are proud of our achievements in 2000 — but our work has just begun. In 2001, we will focus on two objectives to drive our global operations. The first objective is to achieve the lowest cost structure in the I T distribution industry. The second is to deliver more measurable value to our customers than our competitors. We have set our targets high to strive for the best and continuously extend our advantage in the marketplace.
To support these objectives, we have identified specific goals that will enable us to drive cost out of our business and increase IT supply-chain efficiency while improving the quality, product selection and service levels we provide our customers. Though our first priority is lowering cost, we also must focus on increasing our market share and continuing the progress we made in gross margin gains based on our demonstrated value.
Armed with an in-depth understanding of market drivers and customer needs, we are continuing to develop products and services for the new millennium. As you will see in the following pages, our work in emerging markets, e-commerce, logistics management and outsourcing places us firmly at the forefront of our industry.
The power to shape the future of technology distribution lies in our hands — and there is no company more qualified to wield that power. By focusing on leadership, innovation and profitability, we will meet the challenge. I look forward to sharing the benefits of our success with you.
Kent Foster
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  .04 | INGRAM MICRO
