                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             dear fellow shareholders:
For more than 30 years Ingram Micro has stood the test of time, building an ecosystem of valued resellers and manufacturers to become the world’s largest wholesale technology
distributor and supply-chain services provider. In 2010, we found fertile ground in new ideas and solutions, a deeper engagement with our customers and business partners, and a fortified
position to tackle new opportunities. Our operations flourished and we grew at a double-digit pace. As we close one of the strongest years of our history, we remain committed to helping our
customers grow with us.
Sales grew faster in 2010 than at any time in the last 10 years, rising 17 percent to a near-record $34.6 billion, as demand for technology products and services improved and we proactively cultivated growth throughout the globe. These growth initiatives, combined with the cost optimization efforts completed during the prior
year, drove an operating income improvement of more than 60 percent, as reported in accordance with gener- ally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), compared with the prior year, along with record net income and diluted earnings per share of $318 million and $1.94, respectively.
Our balance sheet is solid, closing the year with more than $1 billion in cash. We completed a successful $300 million public offering of senior unsecured notes in August, garnering a favorable interest rate and providing greater flexibility for our capital needs in the future. Return on invested capital (ROIC) has remained above our weighted average cost of capital (WACC) for six consecutive quarters. For the full year, ROIC*
was 13.6 percent, more than 400 basis points above our WACC. We also demonstrated our commitment to increasing shareholder value through the repurchase of nearly nine million shares, or $152 million, of our common stock in 2010 and the authorization of a new three-year $400 million share repurchase plan late in the year. Our many financial achievements provide a strong foundation from which new initiatives will take root and thrive.
Rooted in Distribution
What started as a simple technology distribution business has grown into something much bigger. Firmly grounded in the fundamentals of getting the right product to the right place at the right time, we’re now branching out. As we optimize our traditional distribution operation by implementing measures designed to
accelerate business development and improve productivity, we’re also strengthening higher-margin specialty areas and developing budding opportunities that should provide new sources of profitable revenue.
These initiatives helped make North America a key contributor to our worldwide success, yielding operat- ing income improvement of more than 115 percent, on a GAAP basis, on 18-percent revenue growth in 2010. Much of our success can be attributed to a renewed focus on our customers, which also benefited
our vendor partners. Through the year we expanded our line card, winning several new master and exclu- sive distributor agreements. We also created two new advanced technology divisions designed to deliver
greater specialization for our channel partners pursuing opportunities in data-center solutions.
The Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region was a true turnaround story this year, marked by higher vendor engagement and an increased emphasis on customer service that helped drive double-digit sales
* The calculation of annual ROIC is consistent with the return on invested capital exhibit found on the following page, where average invested capital is equal to the average of each of the last five quarters of invested capital ending on January 1, 2011.
                     
    Annualized Net Operating Income after Tax (NOPAT) = (Operating Income x [1-Effective Tax Rate] ) x 4
Effective Tax Rate = Provision for income taxes/Income before income taxes
Invested Capital = Stockholders’ Equity + Debt (including short-term and long-term) - Cash and cash equivalents
Average Invested Capital (AIC) = Average of Beginning & End of Period Amounts of Invested Capital
Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) = NOPAT/AIC
*Q3 2009 operating income included $8.4 million in expense-reduction program costs, which had a negative impact of approximately 1.3% on ROIC; Q4 2009 operating income included the aggregate benefit of $2.1 million from the release of Brazilian commercial tax reserves, partially offset by expense- reduction program costs, which had a positive impact of approximately 0.7% on ROIC; Q4 2010 operating income included a benefit of $9.1 million from the release of Brazilian commercial tax reserves, which had a positive impact of approximately 1.3% on ROIC.
growth rates in nearly every country and our best vendor-satisfaction ratings in five years. We further developed promising markets, launching more than 30 growth initiatives primarily designed for small- to medium-sized businesses across multiple countries in 2010. The region’s data capture/point-of-sale (DC/POS) division also flourished as it transi- tioned from several fragmented acquisitions
to a consolidated pan-European operation. These efforts, combined with a fruitful demand environment, generated a 15-percent revenue increase and the region’s strongest full-year operating margin in five years.
In Asia Pacific, we produced 21-percent year- over-year sales growth and closed 2010 with annual sales at the highest levels of its history, with the region representing 22 percent of our geographic mix. China and India led the region in sales growth, with both countries generating more than 25-percent annual growth last year. Asia Pacific is a market that readily embraces new technologies and advanced solutions, further reinforcing our current emphasis on expanding our capabilities to capitalize on the rapid pace of technology investment.
Latin America, with 9-percent revenue growth, continues to represent a dynamic opportunity. The region holds some of the company’s best- performing countries and promising markets. One of the region’s largest and most vital markets is Brazil, where we are taking actions to improve our operations by appointing new leadership and implementing new procedures and controls. While Brazil did not meet our expectations, strong performances by Mexico, Chile and our export operations helped to offset Brazil’s results. We remain committed to improving the Brazilian business and driving the overall region to greater performance.
Budding Specialty Markets
Six years ago we entered the DC/POS busi- ness through a small acquisition in the United States. Through careful nurturing, Ingram Micro now has DC/POS operations through- out the world and the unique capability to deliver global solutions for our customers. This year, our momentum accelerated as growth in DC/POS surpassed the company average. Future trends favor companies turning to DC/POS technology with greater frequency to help automate their supply chains and increase productivity.
Our fee-for-service logistics business reached new heights this year with a growing client

base both within and outside the technology industry. We are excited by a greater addressable market and ability to enter into new verticals. Expanding our logistics business into EMEA during 2010, we closed the year with 10 new clients there. The addition of Robert Gifford as executive vice
president, global logistics, will help us take further advantage of our supply-chain breadth by diversify- ing our client base and expanding our geographic reach.
We also are building on our multi-year experience in selling enterprise products by creating a more holistic solutions-driven approach. Our previously discussed reorganization in North America created a
dedicated team for this business, while in EMEA we added three enterprise distributors (Areté Sistemas, interAct, and Albora Soluciones) in 2010 and into the first quarter of 2011, gaining important new product lines, as well as enhanced technical sales capabilities. These augment our existing capabilities through-
out the world and we see solid prospects for additional growth in this specialty area.
Branching Out Into New Verticals
In addition to our specialty markets, we are focusing on developments in two exciting areas—mobility and the cloud. Building expertise in these adjacencies will complement our diversification plans, particularly where consumer trends are influencing business technology solutions. In support of this, we added Sam Kamel to our executive ranks to lead Ingram Micro’s corporate strategic initiatives. His knowledge of emerg-
ing technologies and new business models will serve us well as we branch into these large, innovative areas of business. Through these efforts, we will continue to offer
the most complete solutions available, from devices, to accessories, to infrastructure.
The high-growth mobility space is expected to expand at a double-digit pace for the fore- seeable future, especially with
the popularity of
tablets and smarter handhelds. We have been offering mobility solutions for years, supporting industry-leading handset, soft-
ware and accessories vendors in both mature and emerging markets in many parts of the world. Going forward, we see opportunities with a broader array of vendors who recognize we have a compelling route-to-market capability, especially as mobility solutions embed themselves into the commercial end-
user markets.
And while the cloud may be new to some, we started building our capabilities with managed services several years ago. We consciously entered this nascent market early with a view that at the forefront of this new business model, we could help define the market. Now we are aggressively developing a more
formal cloud strategy, and last fall introduced our cloud computing platform, led by Renée Bergeron, our new vice president of managed services and cloud computing. Over the coming year we will intro-
duce an integrated, single-source marketplace for cloud-based solutions, enabling access capabilities, authorization, and education for our resellers. Our vendor partners are supportive and excited about
our commitment and investments to drive demand for their planned cloud-based tools and solutions. With many cloud providers new to the channel and our resellers still exploring opportunities, Ingram
Micro is in a great position to enhance our leadership and move the industry forward.
 
                                                        Cultivating a Culture of Strong Corporate Citizenship
As we boosted growth and efficiency across our organization and branched into new high-margin
verticals, we remained mindful of our role as a global citizen. With customers in approximately 150
countries, the world is not just where we do busi- ness—it’s where we live, play and raise our families.
In everything we do, we are committed to champion- ing efforts that reinforce our dedication to being an
industry leader, one whose practices are good for our communities, environment, partners, associates, shareholders and business. In 2010, we launched a
formal corporate social responsibility program, the
culmination of grassroots efforts from our forward-thinking associates throughout the world. Later in the year, the company received ISO 14001 certification in North America in recognition of its effective environ- mental management systems, and made a 200-spot jump in Newsweek’s 2010 Green Rankings. Through
these initiatives, we underscore our strong commitment to sustainable business practices and better supporting our environmentally focused stakeholders.
Reaching New Heights
Our many years in business provide us with a unique view from the top. Through a customer-centric focus, our relationships are blossoming, giving us multiple ways to add value. Our initiatives to expand our traditional distribution business, strengthen our position in targeted adjacencies and develop new, exciting capabilities were fortified in 2010, and will be further nurtured going forward. We intend to work hard to drive sales growth at or above market rates, improve productivity wherever possible, keep a tight hold on costs and remain focused on profit targets. Shareholder returns will be top of mind with each and every initiative.
In closing, we bid farewell to board member Gerhard Schulmeyer and thank him for his 10-plus years of service to Ingram Micro. We also welcome new member Scott McGregor, president and chief executive officer of Broadcom Corporation. Our company will benefit from his nearly 30 years of technology experi- ence, ranging from software development to semiconductor design.
As the technology landscape continues to evolve, our more than 15,000 associates worldwide are working alongside our vendors and reseller customers to stimulate and secure growth opportunities. I am grateful to them and our loyal stakeholders for their continued support and dedication. I invite you to continue growing with us. We are energized by the prospects that stand before us and have planted many seeds that should yield abundant opportunities for continued leadership and rewards for years to come.
Gregory M.E. Spierkel Chief Executive Officer
Cautionary Statement for the Purpose of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
The matters in this Annual Report that are forward-looking statements are based on current management expectations. Certain risks may cause such expectations to not be achieved and, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on Ingram Micro’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Ingram Micro disclaims any duty to update
any forward-looking statements. For a discussion of significant factors to consider in connection with forward-looking statements concerning Ingram Micro, reference is made to Item 1A Risk Factors of Ingram Micro’s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended January 1, 2011; other risks or uncertainties may be detailed from time to time in Ingram Micro’s future SEC filings.
                                 