2 Ingredion Incorporated
To Our Shareholders
2013 in Review
EXECUTING OUR INGREDIENT STRATEGY
 Ingredion successfully managed a very challenging global environment in 2013. Through prudent risk management, operational focus, and cost containment, we mitigated the impacts of higher raw material costs, currency devaluations and some weak consumer trends. At the same time, we continued to aggressively return capital to our shareholders.
Dear Fellow Shareholders 2013 marked another year in which we successfully executed our ingredient strategy. We invested in on-trend innovation and critical capital expansions while continuing to focus on our strong and diverse geographic positions.
The year was not without its challenges, including high-cost raw materials in many countries, economic turmoil in Argentina and energy issues in Pakistan. I am pleased with the resilience and business agility our employees demonstrated in addressing these obstacles while contin- uing to provide world-class service to our customers.
This is very much a reflection of our strong business model, which seeks to drive growth while appropriately mitigating risk. Our balanced geographic footprint and product portfolio allow us to offset challenges through diversification. We also employ hedging strategies and annual contracts in North America to reduce the volatility of our raw material costs.
At the same time, the business model delivers quality growth through a focus on dollar margins. The result has been strong long-term earnings per share growth and good, consistent cash flows to fund our growth and strengthen our operational capabilities.
Our Strategic Blueprint guides our investments and operational activity, always with shareholder value in mind. In this annual report you will read about the elements
of the Blueprint: operational excellence, organic growth, broadening our ingredient portfolio and expanding our geographic scope.
But first I’d like to focus on the outcome: shareholder value creation.
Ingredion has a long history of delivering value to our shareholders. While our earnings per share have grown by a compounded annual growth rate of 15 percent since the Company went public in 1998, our share price has soared by more than 350 percent over that time.
In recent years, we’ve successfully deployed capital to build a stronger franchise around the world. We acquired National Starch at an attractive price, and it was immedi- ately accretive to earnings, while providing complementary capabilities, product lines and geographic positions.
Last year, we aggressively increased the quarterly dividend by more than 60 percent. We also repurchased nearly $230 million of stock during 2013.
Taken together, these are the actions of a prudent, responsible management team demonstrating its commit- ment to create shareholder value.

  And we are not done.
I am confident that with a healthy balance sheet and strong cash generation, we will continue to reward shareholders with smart deployment of capital.
As always, we will continue to invest in capital to drive organic growth. We remain focused on further acquisitions, though we will be as strategically and financially disciplined as ever. We also have the ability to opportunistically repurchase our shares if that makes good financial sense. The bottom line for us remains: we will be good stewards of shareholder capital.
As I look forward to 2014 and beyond, I see our ingredient strategy clearly taking hold. We have a research and development engine to produce the next generations of starch and sweetener ingredients. I also remain opti- mistic that we will find complementary acquisitions that will accelerate our strategy.
Along with our board, management team and employees around the world, I remain extremely confident and opti- mistic about our future.
We had several key management changes recently. Both Cheryl Beebe, our long-time Chief Financial Officer, and Julio dos Reis, who managed our South American region, retired. I want to thank them for their outstanding contributions over many years and wish them well in the next chapter of their lives.
Jack Fortnum, who successfully led our North American region, has become our new CFO while Ricardo de Abreu Souza, formerly the head of our business in Mexico, has taken over leadership of South America. Both Jack and Ricardo have been with the Company for more than 30 years and bring a wealth of experience and knowledge to their roles.
We also have two board members retiring this year. I want to offer my deepest thanks to Richard Almeida and James Ringler for their critical support and insight over more than a decade of service to Ingredion.
At the same time, we welcome three new board members who joined Ingredion during 2013. We continue to have a diverse and engaged board, and we will surely benefit from the new perspectives of David Fischer, Rhonda Jordan and Victoria Reich. My sincere thanks go to all our directors for their outstanding guidance and support.
We are always grateful to our dedicated and talented employees around the world. In a difficult year, we relied on you more than ever, and we are proud of how you rose to the challenges. In fact, based on 2013 activities, we were recognized by Fortune magazine as the Most Admired Company in the Food Production category while Ethisphere named us one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies. Beyond that, through great diligence, we saw our already world-class safety metrics improve further.
On behalf of the board and our 11,000 employees, I want to thank our shareholders, who continue to see the long-term strength of our business model and the great opportunities that lie ahead of us.
Sincerely,
Ilene S. Gordon
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April 8, 2014
 Ingredion Incorporated 3
