4
           Letter to Our Stakeholders
“...an obstacle in the pathway of the weak becomes a
stepping stone, in the pathway of the strong!” – Thomas Carlyle
  nearly four years ago, we initiated our multi-year, three-phased “nOw” – “neXT” – “AFTeR neXT” business transformation mission which remains the blueprint of our Strategic Plan. As i reflect on our past four years, i am proud of the tremendous operational and financial progress we have made – a result of working together under a more focused strategy. Our success has been validated by our customers, partners, and other stakeholders alike and is illustrated by our financial results in which virtually all operating metrics have improved significantly since 2003.
2006 was a very strong year for intergraph, with numer- ous, notable customer wins and business successes that highlighted the completion of the “neXT” phase of our business transformation. Our company’s 2006 revenue grew nearly 10% to $631.6 million, while bookings were up 11% and ending backlog increased by 23%. Our 2006 operating earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amoritization, or “eBiTDA,” of $100.8 million, or 16% of revenue, was a15-year record high and represented a compound annual growth rate (cAGR) of approximately 33% from our 2003 results.
Moreover, 2006 marked a new course for achieving greatness within our company, and more importantly – for our customers. in late november 2006, we completed our privatization process with the backing of Texas Pacific Group, Hellman & Friedman, and JMi equity. The transaction valued intergraph at approximately $1.3 billion and the acquisition price of $44.00 per share represented a more than 100% return to our public shareholders over the prior three-year period. The decision to go from publicly traded to privately owned better positions us to build a growth-oriented future, extend our history of technical innovation, and accelerate our business transformation. Our new owners acquired intergraph because they believe in our business, strategy, and people and share our conviction to grow our company and capitalize on our attractive market opportunities.
The “AFTeR neXT” growth phase of our business transformation will bring new and tremendous oppor- tunities for intergraph. while no business is without challenge (and ours will not be either), few companies have the opportunity to make such a substantial
  
5
         “What could have been a road block, what we hoped would be a stepping stone, has in fact become a launching pad for innovation, growth, and ultimately – our customers’ satisfaction.”
difference in the world as much as we do at intergraph. Heightened demand for spatial and location-aware technologies, interoperable security networks (state, local, national, and international), and tremendous growth of infrastructure build around the globe are strong macro trends that create enormous opportunity for our company.
while we acknowledge and are proud of our past successes, we are even more energized about our new chapter as a private company with a growth- oriented future. working together toward a common mission with clarity of purpose to change the world, we remain steadfast in our commitment to our Strategic Plan and the continued investment in our customers, people, and technology. we will continue to passion- ately confront the status quo, to embrace change, and to provide new ways to increase our customer’s operational performance. innovation, adaptability, and our sincere appreciation of the challenges our customers face will be the points of progress along our pathway to shared success.
Finally, i want to salute the people of intergraph. each and every day, i hear from our customers that our people distinguish our company from our many competi- tors. Our customers know that intergraph’s standard of delivering post-sale value that exceeds our pre-sale commitments is both compelling and unique. each of us at intergraph takes great pride in not only what we do, but also how we do it. we seek to earn the respect and trust of our customers through a total commitment to your success, deep industry experience, and a long tradition of technical innovation. As a reminder, below
– R. Halsey Wise
i share with you intergraph’s guiding principles – our core values:
Customer Satisfaction
customer satisfaction is paramount to business success, so we strive to exceed customer expectations.
Results-Oriented
we are results-oriented, so we seek continuous improvement through aggressive, attainable goals.
Innovation
we are committed to innovation, so we seek continuous improvement through aggressive, attainable goals.
Teamwork
Great teams build great companies, so we seek to attract, develop, and retain leading talent.
Leadership
we aspire to lead by setting the standards others emulate.
Integrity
we are honest and fair in our dealings with customers, partners, stakeholders, and each other.
i thank all of our customers, partners, and other stake- holders for your trust and tremendous support of our mission. Our relevancy to you and the world will only strengthen in 2007 and beyond. Together, we will embrace the possibilities that lie ahead, setting a higher expectation within our company and the stage for an exciting future!
President & ceO intergraph corporation
  