 Letter to Our Shareholders
2004 marks a year of measurable progress for Intergraph. We developed the Company’s first formalized strategic plan in recent history. We began to capitalize on the revenue and cost synergy opportunities among our four divisions. We added strength to our Board and increased shareholder value. We brought all pending OEM patent cases to a successful close. With this progress came results. We delivered Intergraph’s best financial performance
in more than 12 years.
As I complete my first full year as President
and Chief Executive Officer and reflect on the past 18 months, I am proud of our accomplishments. We are well on our way in the execution of our three- phased “NOW” – “NEXT” – “AFTER NEXT” turnaround strategy that I spoke about in our 2003 annual report. But the visible scorecard of 2004 only sets the stage for what’s to come. As you might expect, we plan to accelerate the pace of change in 2005. While our mission is not an easy one, I can assure you, we are eager to face the challenges ahead.
Change Yielded Results
The people of Intergraph made significant changes in the “NOW” phase of our turnaround strategy to improve financial performance and build a platform for the future. Marked by a series of significant accomplishments, we are proud that our efforts in 2004 yielded solid results:
Reported 155% increase in operating income, representing a 12-year record for operating performance.
Developed the Company’s first formalized strategic plan in recent history.
Returned $100 million in capital to shareholders by repurchasing 3.8 million shares with an Accelerated Stock Buyback.
Divested Terenetix U.S., a non-core legacy hardware maintenance and services business.
Added Kevin Twomey as the seventh independent director to the Intergraph Board.
Achieved an Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) Corporate Governance Quotient of 98.9 relative to the Russell 3000.
The “NEXT” phase of our turnaround strategy will be characterized by continued operational focus, as we seek to reach our goal of increasing operating margins to 8 – 12%, in-line with that of our peer group. While Intergraph had operating margins of only 2.5% in 2003, I’m pleased to report that we exited 2004 with an operating margin of 6.7% in the fourth quarter. As evidenced by our progress, we remain firmly committed to reaching our goal.
We will strive to prudently and responsibly allocate capital, in-line with our strategic plan, to markets, businesses, and products that we believe support increased growth and create value for our customers and shareholders. We will also continue to focus on products and innovations that build on our technical heritage and explore potential acquisitions to expand our markets and increase shareholder value. We will continue to place emphasis on improving our sales and marketing operations worldwide, while remaining true to our values of honesty and dedication to our customers and shareholders alike.
2 Intergraph2004AnnualReport
“The progress and solid operating performance of 2004 exemplify our potential, providing the necessary momentum and confidence to accelerate change and continue our turnaround in 2005 and beyond.”
R. Halsey Wise, President & Chief Executive Officer

The third and final phase of our turnaround, the “AFTER NEXT” phase, will be characterized by a focus on opportunities for expansion. During this phase, we will consider strategies for extending our businesses, adding technologies that create additional value for our current customers, building upon our installed base, and further increasing our operating margins. Additionally, we will evaluate new markets as we strive to responsibly deliver growth and value to our shareholders.
A Blueprint for Our Future
Just as “NOW” – “NEXT” – “AFTER NEXT” is the framework for our organizational turnaround, our strategic planning process is the blueprint for our future. In 2004, we evaluated and analyzed our markets, market positions, products, sales channels, cross-selling opportunities, service levels, competitors, and other economic factors. This effort represented our first formalized strategic planning process in recent history and yielded several underlying themes, both positive and negative, that I would like to share with you.
We believe Intergraph is more relevant today than five years ago.
Intergraph enables our customers to address heightened security concerns worldwide. We possess a unique offering in the marketplace with the combination of our public safety first-responder and incident command software from Intergraph Public Safety, our location-based software applications from Intergraph Mapping and Geospatial Solutions, and our high-security clearance systems integration capabilities from Intergraph Solutions Group. Additionally, we believe there’s an increase in demand for oil and gas exploration and construction due to higher oil prices. This trend is positive for our Process, Power & Marine division as we provide the software and services to both design and operate plant infrastructure.
We believe our core software markets are large and growing.
In total, our internal “bottoms up” market- sizing analysis estimates that our core software markets total more than $2.5 billion in annual customer spend on software and services. In addition, annual
market growth rates are estimated in the 5 – 10% range.
Our commitment is recognized by our global customer base.
We believe our customers recognize the commitment our Company has made to the markets we serve. In 2004, we commissioned a third party to survey our customer base regarding our strengths and weaknesses as a company. According to the research, one of our strongest corporate attributes is our long history of commitment to our customers and their markets. We intend to leverage our customer relationships over the coming years by bringing additional products to market organically, as well as seeking to acquire new product offerings that appeal to our existing customer base.
Our operating profitability is below our peer group.
We believe an analysis of our Company’s revenue mix indicates that we sell too little software for our current levels of development spend. This has been a contributing factor to our lower level of profitability relative to our peer group. We are focusing our business on
   Gross Margins
47.9% 46.7%
50.0%
        2002 2003 2004
 Operating Income (dollars in millions) $34.1
$14.4
   $13.4
     2002 2003 2004
Revenue (dollars in millions)
$551.1 $526.0
$501.1
        2002 2003 2004
Intergraph 2004 Annual Report 3

 increasing software-related revenue to improve overall profitability. In addition, our cost structure remains too high and must continue to be addressed to improve our operating margins. In late 2004, we launched an internal project to evaluate our global cost structure in a number of areas. I look forward to bringing you our recommendations and action plans once that effort is complete.
The whole of Intergraph is greater than the sum of its parts.
Our current organizational structure of four separate and distinct business units can impede inter-company synergies and cross- selling opportunities that should and do exist between our divisions. Our sales and marketing efforts are disjointed and often fail to leverage the complete set of capabilities that Intergraph has to offer the marketplace.
I believe that we have already made progress in this area, within both the Company and our customer base, through our global rebranding efforts and our “one-company” focus. As I travel the world, meeting with customers and shareholders, I continue to see examples of the value and potential of
a more unified Intergraph. This is an area where you will see increased focus, and we expect continued progress in 2005.
In summary, let me say that our strategic plan is intended to serve as the foundation of our turnaround strategy and is meant
to drive an annual process whereby we prioritize our efforts to increase shareholder value. Our strategic plan provides our customers, employees, and shareholders a solid blueprint of our future direction and advances our three-phased “NOW” – “NEXT” – “AFTER NEXT” turnaround strategy.
Operating Results
Our 2004 operating results serve as a scorecard for the progress we have made in our business and operations. Revenue for the year was $551.1 million, an increase
of 4.8% from $526.0 million reported in 2003. Operating income grew 155% in 2004 to $34.1 million, or 6.2% of revenue, compared to $13.4 million, or 2.5% of revenue, reported in 2003. Net income for the year was $159.0 million, or $4.37 per diluted share, compared to $22.3 million, or
$0.47 per diluted share, reported in 2003. 2004 net income includes $121.6 million, or $3.34 per share, of after-tax intellectual property income, net of all fees and expenses.
While these results are positive and we are pleased with our progress as we near the completion of the “NOW” phase, there’s still much work to be done. With our operating performance still below that of
our peer group, we must accelerate change and continue our momentum throughout 2005 to meet our operational goals. The people of Intergraph and I remain focused on these objectives.
Intellectual Property
In 2004, we were successful in producing $191.5 million of pre-tax intellectual property income, net of fees and expenses. In January 2005, we were able to bring all pending OEM patent litigation to an end in a $141 million cash settlement with Hewlett-Packard (HP). We have pursued and enforced our intellectual property in the best interest of our shareholders and I’m happy to report that our licensing and litigation efforts
 Operating Margin
2.9%
2.5%
6.2%
        2002 2003 2004
 Cash & Short-term Investments (Cash) & Debt (dollars in millions)
$292.4
    $1.2
   Cash Debt
Three-Year INGR Share Price vs. NASDAQ Composite Index
120.0% 80.0% 40.0% 0.0%
(40.0%) Jan-02
Dec-02 Dec-03
Dec-04
 INGR
NASDAQ Composite Index
  4 Intergraph 2004 Annual Report

generated approximately $865 million in pre-tax earnings before expenses from 2002 through January 2005.
In addition, as part of our effort to responsibly allocate capital, we have repurchased approximately $485 million of Intergraph shares through the combined use of a Dutch tender offer, open market buybacks, and an Accelerated Stock Buyback program.
On March 29, 2004, we settled all remaining patent litigation involving Intel. The terms of the settlement provided for Intel to tender a payment of $125 million on April 5, 2004 and an additional $100 million in four quarterly installments. Additionally, the settlement provided that Dell would obtain certain licenses to the Company’s Clipper system patents and be dismissed from the Company’s OEM Clipper litigation.
On April 9, 2004, we settled our pending patent litigation with AMD. The terms of the settlement provided for AMD to tender a payment of $10 million on May 7, 2004 and to make additional cash payments equal to 2% of the AMD Computational Product Group’s pre-tax operating profits, if any, from 2005 through 2007 (subject to a limit of $5 million per year). Additionally, the settlement provided that AMD could license the Company’s Clipper patents.
On May 10, 2004, we settled our pending patent litigation with Gateway. The terms of the settlement provided for Gateway to tender a payment of $10 million, wherein Gateway agreed to pay $5 million within 10
days of the settlement and an additional $2.5 million on July 1 and October 1, 2004. Gateway also agreed to make future royalty payments of $1.25 per unit for certain U.S. sales of Gateway and eMachines computer systems through February 2009. Additionally, the settlement provided for a license of the Company’s Clipper patents for Gateway and eMachines through February 2009.
On January 20, 2005, we brought all pending OEM patent litigation to an end, entering into a global settlement of all pending patent litigation with HP. The terms of the settlement provided for HP to tender
a payment of $141 million to Intergraph by January 28, 2005 and for the granting of a cross-license to each other’s patent portfolio.
As a technology company, we will continue to consider various strategies to protect and defend the Company’s intellectual property. However, intellectual property enforcement is inherently risky.
In Closing
Our 2004 performance shows marked improvement across almost every metric of our organization. We believe our Company is more relevant today than ever before. Our strategy is in place and our financial results have shown remarkable improvement in a short period of time.
However, this is only the beginning of our mission. We believe our best days lie ahead, but so do some of our greatest challenges. The progress and solid operating performance
of 2004 exemplify our potential, providing the necessary momentum and confidence to accelerate change and continue our turnaround in 2005 and beyond.
As we embark on the “NEXT” phase of our turnaround strategy, we are optimistic about the future and our ability to build value on your behalf. I remind you that there’s still much work to be done and some of our forward progress may not be linear. Let me assure you that the people of Intergraph are committed to the execution of our strategic plan.
I thank all of Intergraph’s customers, employees, and shareholders for your tremendous support of our mission. You provide our motivation and will be final arbiters of our success.
R. Halsey Wise, President & CEO March 15, 2005
       Intergraph 2004 Annual Report 5
