  To Our Shareholders
To Our Shareholders:
2003 was a year of significant change for Intergraph – change in leadership, change in our mission and focus, change in our Board, and change in our capital structure.
I had the privilege of becoming Intergraph’s third CEO on July 28. What I found upon my arrival is a company of tremendous technical depth. Intergraph is one of the true pioneers of the computer industry, bringing multiple innovations to computer graphics over our 35-year history.
While our technical foundation remains quite strong, our company needs to continue to improve its profitability. Today, our operating margin remains below that of peer software and services firms. The challenging shift from hardware to software is behind us – now we can place our focus on improving the operational execution within our business.
As we move forward into 2004, there will continue to be significant change at Intergraph to improve our profitability. However, one thing that will not change is our company’s old-fashioned but never dated values of honesty and customer satisfaction. The people of Intergraph are truly unique in their commitment to our customers, drive to lead, and overriding sense of fairness.
My goal as Intergraph’s new CEO is to plot a new direction for Intergraph that builds on the technical heritage of the past, yields attractive financial returns, and remains true to the Company’s values of honesty and dedication to the customer.
One Company. One Vision.
Four years ago, Intergraph reorganized into four operationally independent business units to increase accountability and provide flexibility in responding to changing markets and economic condi- tions. While this provided many benefits, it had the unintended consequence of creating confusion in the marketplace regarding the overall mission and business of Intergraph.
As a result, this past January Intergraph adopted new, unified Vision and Mission statements. Our new Vision, Mission, and Core Values define who we are, what we do, how we are different, and what principles we live by.
Our new Vision Statement: “To help organizations see the world clearly.”
Our new Mission Statement: “To enable businesses and governments to make better and faster operational decisions by organizing complex data into under- standable visual representations.”
    6 Intergraph Corporation 2003 Annual Report
   
   Revenue increased by 5% in 2003, following a period of declines as Intergraph exited the hardware business.
  Despite tough economic conditions in the technology industry, our cost controls and restructuring have led to renewed profits.
  Removing lower-margin hardware from our product mix, plus other efficiencies, has improved our total gross margin.
 • Formed a Corporate Governance Committee, comprised solely of independent directors, and adopted new Corporate Governance Guidelines.
• Shifted from contraction to expansion. Revenues were up for the first time in six years. Operating profits edged up as well.
• Returned $290 million in capital to shareholders in 2003 through an ongoing stock repurchase program and a modified Dutch auction tender offer.
“Next” – Improve Operating Results
In the “Next” phase, we will shift more heavily to an operating focus – with the ultimate goal to bring our operating margins more in line with peer software and services companies.
While it’s difficult to find companies comparable to Intergraph as a whole, a composite of other software and services companies suggests an average operating margin of 8-12%. Over time, our results should be no less.
   Intergraph Corporation 2003 Annual Report   7
 These two statements express our long- standing leadership in intelligent computer graphics as well as the core decision-support benefit provided by our products and services.
As I have often said, there is only one true scorecard at Intergraph and that is the ticker symbol “INGR.” I believe that our new focus on a common Vision and Mission for all of Intergraph will serve to bring clarity of purpose to our Company and build shareholder value.
“Now” – “Next” – “After Next”
Developing unified Vision, Mission, and Core Value Statements for our Company was one pressing objective. But in order for Intergraph to create sustainable and valuable growth, we needed to develop a long-range operational plan. Working with management and the Board of Directors, we have implemented a three-phase strat- egy called “Now”–”Next”–”After Next.”
“Now” – Change
I consider the initial “Now” phase to be a period of change. Since I arrived, much already has changed:
• Appointed new leadership in CEO
and other key management positions. • Added Michael Bills to the Board of Directors. The Board now has seven
independent directors, and all commit- tees have new charters.
Revenue (millions)
Income (Loss) from Operations (millions)
Total Gross Margin
To Our Shareholders
 
     To Our Shareholders
In order to reach that goal, we will allocate capital to markets, businesses and products that will increase growth and improve returns. We intend to leverage the R&D investments made in recent years in PPO, IMGS, and IPS. We also intend to improve our sales and marketing operations world- wide. Of course, we will constantly monitor our operational costs and make the proper adjustments where necessary.
“After Next” – Transformation
Our third operating phase will be a time of transformation. Today we’re focused on improving operating results “organically” – improving our existing core businesses. Afterward, when we are assured of a solid foundation, we can consider extend- ing our businesses.
But that’s a bit farther into the future. Let’s turn our attention back to 2003.
Operating Results
For 2003, total revenue was $527.3 million, up 5% from 2002 after declining 6% in 2002 from 2001. The increase in 2003 revenues primarily is the result of a weaker U.S. dollar against the currencies of the Company’s foreign subsidiaries. Most of our subsidiaries sell to customers and incur and pay operating expenses in local currencies.
Operating income prior to restructuring costs increased 12% to $18.5 million.
“My goal is to plot a
of the past, yields
(After restructuring costs, operating income was just slightly higher than 2002.)
Viewed by region, the U.S. accounted for 53% of revenues with 47% coming from countries including 30% from Europe, 9% from Asia Pacific, 5% from Canada, and 3% from elsewhere.
For a more detailed discussion of the operating results of our four business units, please see the business unit narra- tives following this letter, as well as Management’s Discussion and Analysis.
Intellectual Property
We remain mindful of our obligation to shareholders to protect, defend and enforce our intellectual property in a responsible manner. In January 2003, we resolved all outstanding patent infringe- ment claims and entered into a full patent cross-license agreement with International Business Machines Corporation.
Intergraph also filed suit in January 2003 against Texas InstrumentsTM Incorporated (TI), for infringement of three Intergraph patents which define key aspects of parallel instruction computing (PIC). In
    8 Intergraph Corporation 2003 Annual Report
   
     new direction for Intergraph that builds on the technical heritage attractive financial returns, and remains true to the Company’s values.”
  The Company maintains a solid balance sheet, even after returning $293 million in capital to shareholders in 2003 through a Dutch tender offer and our share repurchase program.
A Word of Thanks
As Intergraph’s third CEO, I want to acknowledge the leadership of those who have come before me. In particular, I’d like to express my sincere thanks to my immediate predecessor and friend, Jim Taylor. Under Jim’s leadership, Intergraph transitioned out of hardware to focus on software and services. He returned the Company to profitability during a significant technology downturn, providing the vision and forti- tude to lead the Company through an incredibly challenging time.
Although Jim retired as CEO and Board member after a 34-year career, he continues to assist me as a consultant on numerous projects, including our licensing and litigation efforts surrounding our intellectual property.
I and the entire Intergraph team are grateful for Jim’s past leadership and continued involvement.
    Intergraph Corporation 2003 Annual Report   9
To Our Shareholders
  September 2003, we settled our disputes, and TI prepaid its patent royalties in a one-time, lump sum of $18 million.
On February 11, 2004, an appeals court affirmed the trial court on all but one point in Intel’s appeal of an October 2002 federal court ruling that Intel had infringed Intergraph’s PIC patents. The remaining point was remanded for the trial court to determine. Note that this Intel case relates to different patents and products than those involved in our lawsuit with Dell, Hewlett-Packard, and Gateway. That case, often referred to as the “OEM” case, is set for trial this August. As always, we will keep you posted on the ever-changing events in our efforts to protect and license our intellectual property.
In Closing
On behalf of the Intergraph team, I would like to thank all our customers and shareholders for their continuing support of our Company. And a special thanks to Joe Moquin, who is departing our Board. His contributions were great and his presence will be missed.
We enter 2004 with a sense of urgency and a desire to embrace change. I hope that you believe, as I do, that our best days lie ahead.
R. Halsey Wise, CEO March 8, 2004
Cash & Short-term Investments (Cash) and Debt (millions)
  NASDAQ
Intergraph
Intergraph common stock vs. NASDAQ Composite Index
