ExPERIENCE THE POWER
lEttER tO OuR stakEHOlDERs
“in any successful company, there exists an important bridge between innovation and
achievement. People. and it is people, working together, united behind a single mission, that
 make all the difference.” – R. Halsey Wise
Five years ago when I joined Intergraph, our company had many challenges and opportunities,
but one thing that was clear
was the current “status quo”
was untenable, undesirable, and unsustainable. As we began to build a roadmap for our future,
it was the people of Intergraph,
our customers, and partners who provided me with optimism for our potential and helped me create a vision for what was possible.
Seizing the opportunities of our business and our markets, we benchmarked our performance against the market to highlight our change imperative and overcome natural and expected concerns driven by change. As part of our transformation efforts, we
set out to create “intent,” make it “personal,” and develop a high-level framework for our strategic direction. In doing so, we needed to personalize and simplify our business transformation mission in a manner all of us could understand, remember, and get behind. Thus was the beginning of our three-phased business transformation plan called “Now”–“Next”– “After Next.”
As part of our “Now”–“Next”–“After Next” transformation efforts, we built our vision, mission, and culture around our customers by focusing on
our heritage of technical innovation and providing differentiated value to the industries we serve,
building on our passion to do what is right and strong commitment to our customers’ success. It was with this renewed vision for our future that we rebranded our company and began to successfully execute the “Now” phase of our business transformation plan, which resulted in the more than doubling of our operating income in 2004.
Transitioning from the “Now” phase to the “Next” phase of our business transformation brought additional
focus to our business. It allowed us to redeploy assets and resources to further invest in our differentiated capabilities and focus on the areas of our business
and technology that provided the greatest value to our customers and the industries we serve. Through the realignment of our assets and resources, we consolidated our operations to bring additional focus to our business and become more closely aligned with our strategic plan. While organizational realignment is often difficult and fraught with risk, Intergraph’s commitment to its mission resulted in our rejuvenation and strong financial progress.
Intergraph’s 2007 financial results validate our business transformation mission and illustrate our significant operational progress throughout the past several years. Based on remarkable individual efforts combined with outstanding team successes, Intergraph achieved many financial milestones in 2007. We delivered our strongest annual revenue growth in more than 10 years, growing nearly 15 percent to $725.3 million (US), while bookings were up 11 percent and ending backlog increased by 18 percent. Our 2007 operating earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) of $144.1 million, or 20 percent of revenue, was a 16-year record high and represented a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of approximately 36 percent from our 2003 results.
If you look at our progress since 2003, the reflection of hard work by some of the world’s brightest and most creative men and women, our outstanding performance has been matched by few technology companies. Since 2003, we have experienced:
• Bookings CAGR of more than 10 percent
• Ending backlog increase of more than 85 percent • Revenue CAGR of approximately 8 percent
• Gross profit CAGR of nearly 13 percent
• Gross margin improvement of 8.3 pts
 4

• Operating EBITDA CAGR of approximately 36 percent • Operating margin improvement of 11.8 pts
• Operating income CAGR of more than 60 percent
• Operating income improvement of 13.0 pts
While our performance has been outstanding by any measure, the progress most important to me is that as an organization, we overcame organizational fear, changed attitudes, and are using our progress as a source of confidence to produce bolder change and challenge in the future.
Our success together has moved us squarely into
the “After Next” phase of our three-phased business transformation plan. This growth phase of our
business will bring new and tremendous prospects
for our company. Intergraph technologies empower infrastructure development and are highly relevant in today’s global environment. Our software solutions help address the rising energy demands and tremendous infrastructure build around the world, heightened demand for geospatial intelligence and location-aware technologies, and the need for interoperable security networks (state, local, national, and international) to protect populations around the world.
commitment to our customers’ success, deep industry experience, and a long tradition of technical innovation. As a reminder, I share with you Intergraph’s guiding principles – our core values:
Customer Satisfaction
Customer satisfaction is paramount to business success, so we strive to exceed customer expectations.
Results-Oriented
We are results-oriented, so we seek continuous improvement through aggressive, attainable goals.
Innovation
We are committed to innovation, because innovation can transform the way our customers do business.
Teamwork
Great teams build great companies, so we seek to attract, develop, and retain leading talent.
Leadership
We aspire to lead by setting the standards others emulate.
Integrity
We are honest and fair in our dealings with customers, partners, stakeholders, and each other.
As we enter a new era that will define the next phase of Intergraph, I would like to thank all of our partners, customers, and other stakeholders for your continued
“... it is the people of intergraph and the customers we proudly serve who will always be the final arbiters of our success.” – R. Halsey Wise
trust and tremendous support in our journey. You have helped put Intergraph in a strong position to continue to grow profitability, strengthen our customer relationships, and garner the most attractive opportunities in a dynamic global economy. While delivering record financial and operating performance during 2007, Intergraph people around the world have set the stage for an even more impressive showing during 2008 and beyond.
R. Halsey Wise
Chairman, President & CEO Intergraph Corporation
To help execute this phase of our plan, our board voted unanimously to take our company private more than a year ago. As a private company, we believe we now have the flexibility and resources to build upon our history
of pioneering and technical innovation and change the landscape of our markets by accelerating our company’s growth through market expansion and providing new and innovative technology to our customers and the industries we serve.
Since our business transformation began in 2003, the people of Intergraph have accomplished great feats, achieved remarkable results, and surpassed milestones that few others thought were possible. Our constant focus, dedication, and commitment to the principles outlined in our “Now” – “Next” – “After Next” business transformation and value creation plan have produced record results and meaningful benefits to our global customers, partners, and employees. Our revenue, operating profits, and competitive position have never been stronger throughout our company’s proud history. Such strong progress on all fronts arms us with the operational freedom and requirement to establish new goals and strive for even greater successes.
Each of us at Intergraph takes great pride in not only what we do, but also how we do it. We seek to earn the respect and trust of our customers through a total
THE POWER TO... PROVIDE. ENABLE. PROTECT.
       5
