2
INGREDION INCORPORATED
OUR RECIPE TO CREATE VALUE
Dear Fellow Shareholders
 Our performance in 2015 was outstanding with solid organic growth, strategic acquisitions and continuous improvement projects. And, we remain on track to meet our 2019 financial objectives. We continue to distinguish Ingredion as a global leader through customer collaboration and innovative solutions that match changing consumer tastes and trends. We remain committed to our strategic blueprint as we move toward our vision of leadership in high-value, on-trend specialty ingredients.
Value creation is our ultimate goal, and I am pleased to report that 2015 marked another outstanding year in delivering share- holder value. We ended the year with strong operating income and record adjusted earnings per share* while facing challenging global economies and foreign exchange headwinds caused by a strong U.S. dollar.
Volumes grew a healthy 7 percent, 6 percent of which was acquisition-related and the balance from existing products. Our higher-value specialty ingredients now contribute 25 percent of our total sales, putting our goal of approximately 30 percent of revenue by 2019 well within reach.
We continue to make progress against our strategic blueprint for growth that has guided our execution for the past five years. With operating excellence at the foundation of the plan, we remain focused on continuous improvement. Our teams around the world are driving down costs and improving efficiencies. And, we are optimizing our manufacturing network with the sale of our Port Colborne, Canada, facility and plans to consolidate several plants in Brazil.
Organic growth from both core and specialty products has been solid, generating a reliable flow of cash. However, the industries
we serve are evolving, driven by growing consumer interest in
*See page 70 of this Annual Report for a reconciliation of this metric, which is not calculated in accordance with GAAP to the reported diluted earnings per share.

nutrition, wholesome foods with simple ingredients, “free-from” foods like gluten-free and non-GMO and sustainable products. As consumer preferences change, we continue to broaden our portfolio to align with these trends.
In 2015 two strategic acquisitions expanded our specialty ingredient offerings. Penford Corporation adds specialty potato starches and hydrocolloid ingredients. Kerr Concentrates brings fruit- and vegetable-based ingredients. These acquisitions have met our expectations for EPS accretion and have exceeded
our cost-synergy targets. Plus, our combined expertise further enhances our ability to deliver new, on-trend solutions to
the marketplace.
In addition to our portfolio, our customer services have evolved to reflect the global operating environment. Many customers increasingly rely on our state-of-the-art R&D capabilities to create solutions that meet changing consumer preferences. With physical assets strategically located in 40 countries around the world, we effectively serve global, regional and local customers in more than 100 countries. And, we have cemented our reputation as the go-to partner for collaborative, science-based problem solving and product development through 25 Ingredion Idea LabsTM innovation centers spread throughout all our regions.
Shareholder value is paramount in our strategic blueprint, and we continue to deliver. Ingredion’s share price and total share- holder return continued to outpace the S&P 500. Since 2009 our share price has enjoyed a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 24 percent and our total shareholder return has delivered a 26 percent CAGR. As in previous years, cash flow from operations in 2015 was strong, enabling us to invest approximately $300 million in our operations, pursue value-enhancing acquisitions, buy back shares and increase our dividend by 7 percent.
Execution is key to the success of any growth strategy, and I want to thank Ingredion employees at all levels of the organization for outstanding implementation. Their dedication and hard work bring our strategy to life, and they are essential to our success.
We made several changes to our executive leadership structure over the past year. Jim Zallie is now responsible for both North and South America as well as global specialties, and Jorgen Kokke is overseeing Asia Pacific plus the EMEA region. These changes will further improve alignment, leverage opportunities across similar businesses and geographies, and streamline organizational reporting. I have great confidence in the strategic leadership capabilities of both Jim and Jorgen.
Our Strategic Blueprint
OUR RECIPE TO CREATE VALUE
  Shareholder Value Creation
 Organic Growth
 Broadening Ingredient Portfolio
 Geographic Scope
 Operating Excellence
Martin Sonntag became Ingredion’s senior vice president, strategy and global business development, after serving as general manager of the EMEA region. His experience negotiating acquisi- tions will be extremely valuable to support our continued growth and industry-leading position.
Additionally, Ricardo Souza, president of our South America region, has retired after 39 years of service, and I thank him for his dedication. Under his leadership we have held our ground in a turbulent environment over the past several years.
On the board front, we welcomed Jorge Uribe as an Ingredion director. Jorge is a native of Colombia with global experience in the consumer-products business, and his participation further diversifies the makeup of our board.
Finally, I extend my sincere appreciation to you, our share- holders. Your investment and support encourage us all to not only deliver the results you deserve, but to exceed your expectations as well. With our focus riveted on creating value, we remain trusted guardians of your investment.
Sincerely,
Ilene S. Gordon
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April 5, 2016
 INGREDION INCORPORATED 3
