                                To Our Shareholders
As we reflect on 2011, we are very proud of what we have achieved at Corn Products.
Your company continues to make prudent, focused decisions while executing at world-class levels to drive strong results. We feel all the better about our performance considering the many macroeconomic and weather-related headwinds we faced around
the world. In spite of these factors, our businesses executed their plans very well.
Consider the results that we have delivered in recent years. Sales grew in 2011 by 42 percent, after an increase of 19 percent in 2010. Similarly, adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) rose by 44 percent last year, building on growth of 61 percent in 2010.
Looking even farther back, our 10-year compound annual growth rate for EPS is 19 percent. During the same time, cash from operations grew an annualized 6 percent per year.
In addition to this very strong financial performance, we have many other accomplishments to celebrate.
Our safety results improved dramatically and lead our industry. Our next goal is to move to world-class levels for all industries.
During 2011, we made substantial progress in integrating the $1.4 billion acquisition of National Starch, which expanded our ingredient portfolio, our geographic scope, and core capabilities like research and develop- ment and marketing.
We developed a sustainability strategy and will publish our first corporate sustainability report this year.
We also recently announced our intention to change our company’s name to Ingredion, pending shareholder approval. This name better reflects who we are and what we do in the marketplace.
Looking ahead to 2012, we are optimistic about our future prospects. Our Strategic Blueprint will con- tinue to guide our decision making, investments and strategic choices.
On the pages that follow in this annual report, you will see and read examples of the Blueprint. This is our ingredient strategy in action.
* See page 69 of this Annual Report for a reconciliation of this metric, which is not calculated in accordance with GAAP to the reported diluted earnings per share.
The Blueprint consists of three pillars that ultimately drive shareholder value. The foundation of the Blueprint is operational excellence, which includes safety, quality, financial management, supply chain, manufacturing, procurement, information systems, talent development and much more.
The first two pillars – organic growth and broadening our ingredient portfolio – complement each other. We are keenly focused on balancing support for, and growth of, our core business with innovation and the develop- ment of new starch and sweetener ingredients. The combination of a strong base business that generates steady results and higher margin innovation can drive meaningful, consistent financial performance over
the long term.
The third pillar is geographic scope. We have a very balanced geographic portfolio. Our developed markets tend to be stable and strong cash generators while our emerging markets can deliver outsized growth and margin expansion opportunities.
With a deep expertise in selling and developing starch and sweetener ingredients, a broad geographic footprint, a business model predicated on discipline and growth, and a best-in-class reputation in our indus- try, we are very well positioned to deliver on our plans in 2012 and beyond.
In closing I would like to thank our dedicated employees and our strong leadership team who have made our success possible. Our board of directors continues to add great value as we chart our strategic course and invest for the future. Finally, thanks to our shareholders for your continued commitment and investment in our company.
Ilene S. Gordon
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April 2, 2012
 2 CORN PRODUCTS INTERNATIONAL
