2010
INGREDIENTS FOR SUCCESS
To Our Shareholders
I am pleased to report that Corn Products International delivered an outstanding year highlighted by strong financial results and the successful execution of our strategy, notably the transformational acquisition of National Starch.
From a financial perspective, net sales grew 19 percent, operating income rose 122 percent and earnings per share were up significantly. We realized sales increases in every region and saw business growth in the impor- tant food, beverage and brewing sectors. The business generated $394 million in cash flow from operations and improved return on invested capital as well.
As these results indicate, our business model – strong regional positions driven by a global perspective – worked well in a challenging global economy.
Our Strategic Blueprint During 2010, we refreshed our strategy and launched our Strategic Blueprint. The Blueprint is shown on the next page for your reference. It is a simple, though important touchstone for strategic decision making and we have built our plans around it.
The Strategic Blueprint lays out a path to shareholder value creation through organic growth, increased port- folio breadth and geographic expansion. The plan is underpinned by operating excellence as we continuously seek cost savings and efficiencies in all we do.
The acquisition of specialty starch manufacturer National Starch, with annualized sales of about $1.4 bil- lion, offered a highly complementary product line and geographic footprint. We financed the transaction at an attractive rate, helping us deliver earnings accre- tion immediately.
The integration of National Starch is well underway and on-plan to deliver the expected cost synergies in 2011 and beyond, and we expect revenue synergies in the years to come. We are very pleased with the early performance of this business.
Operating Excellence The foundation of the Blueprint is operating excellence, starting with an absolute com- mitment to safety and the well-being of our employees and the communities we operate in.
In addition to safety, we are focused on the continuous improvement of our manufacturing organization. Over the course of 2010, we delivered meaningful cost savings and avoidance in all of our regions from manufacturing optimization.
We also view superior financial management as part of operating excellence. This includes our debt financing, strong balance sheet and working capital management, to highlight a few areas. This outstanding financial strength helped facilitate the National Starch acquisition and allows us to keep our commitments to all of our stakeholders.
Talent development is also a critical area of excellence and always has been for Corn Products. We are building on that capability with new perform- ance management tools to drive even better results while also developing our employees.
Organic Growth Future organic growth will come from expanding our current ingredient offerings.
We will do that in our existing geographies with both specialty starches and sweeteners, and continue to target core markets like processed foods, beverages, confection, brewing, pharmaceuticals and personal care. You will find examples of these product applica- tions on the pages that follow my letter.
 2 CORN PRODUCTS INTERNATIONAL

Portfolio Breadth We will broaden our portfolio to include new specialty starches to help customers solve various ingredient challenges. We are also developing next generation sweeteners like Enliten®, our stevia- based, high-intensity sweetener. To meet our company’s and our customers’ commitment to sustainability, we are actively working on green solutions to help manu- facturers reduce their impact on the environment.
With National Starch, we acquired a world-class research and development capability – and a sizable lab in New Jersey – that nicely complements our existing application development centers and gives us an inte- grated global network for solutions development.
The result of this R&D capability is unique, value-add products that generally carry higher gross profits than Corn Products’ traditional product lines. We have developed innovative applications in a range of dairy and savory-based products that provide consumer- preferred textures. Innovation is also focused on new products with nutritional and wholesome value propo- sitions as well as offerings that help deliver and protect flavors and other active ingredients.
Geographic Expansion We will not expand geographically for the sake of simply getting larger and will always make those decisions based on what we believe will generate the best returns for Corn Products.
Importantly, the National Starch acquisition fortifies our geographic position with overlap in North and South America and Asia providing greater portfolio depth. The acquisition brings a European position that represents about 5 percent of total sales of the new company. This is a region that has a large, developed population that wants the kind of convenient, healthier and innovative food and beverage options that our products can help manufacturers deliver.
Shareholder Value Creation Above all, we remain focused on shareholder value creation. We have devel- oped an effective business model that has delivered strong top and bottom line growth since Corn Products went public 13 years ago.To accelerate and complement our growth capability, we acquired National Starch. With these building blocks and our Strategic Blueprint, we feel confident in our ability to deliver growth in 2011 and beyond.
I will close by extending my thanks to our share- holders for their ongoing support. We look forward to continuing to provide strong returns over the long term.
I also want to thank our board of directors,
who have provided guidance and direction. I want to acknowledge the retirement of two founding board members, Bernard Kastory and William Norman. Both played a critical role in shaping our Company’s success and we wish them the best in retirement. To fill their seats, we are pleased to have Wayne Hewett and Dwayne Wilson join the board.
Two executives retired from my Executive Leadership Team during the year, Jorge Fiamenghi and Jim Hirchak. I want to thank them both for their many years of distinguished service. Julio dos Reis, Jim Zallie and Diane Frisch joined my Leadership Team. They lead our South American business, Global Ingredient Solutions, and Global Human Resources organization, respectively.
Finally, my most sincere thanks to our employees, who are the backbone of Corn Products and remain committed to our corporate values of safety, quality, integrity, respect, excellence and innovation.
Ilene S. Gordon
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April 4, 2011
 OUR STRATEGIC BLUEPRINT
Shareholder Value Creation
Organic Geographic Growth Scope
Operating Excellence
    Broadening Ingredient Portfolio
    CORN PRODUCTS INTERNATIONAL 3
