letter to our stakeHolders
 From our founding 40 years ago and roots in the Apollo space program, our company has continued to solve the world’s
most difficult challenges and to help our customers overcome their largest obstacles. Accomplishing unthinkable tasks has always been and continues to be what defines our people
and Intergraph as a company. By any metric – technological innovation, customer satisfaction, market share, or financial performance – Intergraph®’s 40 years of success in the technology sector have been remarkable. Although such longevity is unusual in this industry, the unwavering commitment by the people of Intergraph to technical innovation and our customers’ success has been instrumental to our continued leadership in the marketplace. Throughout our proud history, we have overcome adversity and achieved great accomplishments due to the will of inspired and committed people.
Nearly six years ago when I joined Intergraph, we faced many challenges and much adversity. It was the commitment of the people of Intergraph, and the advocacy and support of our customers and partners, that provided me with the courage of my convictions to push our people to set higher expectations for our potential and helped me create a vision for what is possible. In 2003, we initiated our three-phased business transformation and value-creation plan entitled “Now” – “Next” – “After Next”, which remains the blueprint of our corporate strategy and growth focus. Since 2003, our transformation mission has produced record results and meaningful benefits to our global customers, partners, and other stakeholders –
a result of working together under a more-focused strategy. Our revenue, profits, and competitive positions have never been stronger. Without reservation, I can say the people of Intergraph have changed the world and made it a better, more prosperous, and safer place.
In 2008, Intergraph had another record year with numerous, notable customer wins and business successes that highlight the relevance and strength of Intergraph and our solutions. Our 2008 financial results validate Intergraph’s business transformation mission and illustrate our significant growth
and operational progress over the past several years. We grew revenue in 2008 by more than 11 percent to $808 million, which is nearly 55 percent higher than our 2003 results when we initiated our three-phased business transformation. Bookings in 2008 were $588 million, and our ending backlog increased to approximately $366 million as of December 31, 2008. Our 2008 operating earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) of $182 million were an Intergraph record performance, and represented a compound annual growth
rate (CAGR) of approximately 34 percent from our 2003 results. Additionally, Intergraph has consistently produced strong cash flow during the past several years, and ended 2008 with a cash balance in excess of $209 million, providing ample resources
to pursue further capital investment strategies and continue our industry-leading commitment to innovation and R&D.
While 2008 was definitely an impressive year full of noteworthy accomplishments, we are even more proud of the fact that this business success represented our fifth consecutive year of consistent revenue and earnings growth. The collective hard work and dedication from our people, some of the world’s brightest and most creative men and women, has been nothing short of extraordinary. Since 2003, we have significantly improved our performance on virtually every operating metric:
• Bookings CAGR of more than 8 percent
• Ending backlog increase of nearly 90 percent
• Revenue CAGR of approximately 9 percent
• Gross profit CAGR of more than 12 percent
• Gross margin improvement of 9.1 pts
• Operating EBITDA CAGR of approximately 34 percent • Operating margin improvement of 14.4 pts
• Operating income CAGR of nearly 55 percent
• Operating income improvement of 16.0 pts
5
 
6
Our Intergraph Process, Power & Marine (PP&M) division continued its track record of strong, profitable revenue growth during 2008 as the industry continues to embrace our Smart Solutions and data-centric business model. SmartPlant® Enterprise offers engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) firms and plant owner/operators a full enterprise solution that manages design and engineering data critical
to physical plant assets and integrates this data with other businesses and operational systems. We provide the broadest software portfolio in the industry, enabling our customers to leverage engineering data as a strategic asset throughout
their enterprise. Our software provides improved operational excellence and safety in the power generation, oil and gas, and commercial shipbuilding markets. Many of the world’s leading plants are built using Intergraph PP&M solutions. We were recently recognized by ARC Advisory Group and Daratech, Inc. as the leading global provider of enterprise engineering software, a distinction with which we are quite proud.
Our Intergraph Security, Government & Infrastructure (SG&I) division has produced solid business momentum and consistent revenue growth each year since its formation in 2005. We have benefited from our leadership position and unique capability to link geospatial and security technologies into the global public safety, intelligence, and infrastructure markets. Our public safety and security solutions protect one in twelve people throughout the world, and were relied on by the Washington, D.C., police force during the inauguration of U.S. President Barack Obama. Government agencies in more than 80 percent of the world’s most populated countries rely on Intergraph’s solutions to manage critical assets, prevent and respond to incidents, and support mobile resources. In addition, our utilities and communications software solutions are addressing critical global infrastructure and energy needs by being on the forefront of the Smart Grid revolution.
On virtually every dimension, 2008 marked a year of considerable progress and continued expansion of new
and existing customer relationships. These organizational, operational, and financial successes have propelled us squarely into the “After-Next” phase of our three-phased business transformation and growth plan. The “After-Next” phase is characterized as the growth phase of our plan, and will bring new opportunities and growth prospects for our company as we focus on expanding our core businesses.
As part of this effort, we updated our strategic plan during 2008 to help us better align our resources and investments with the needs of our customers and end markets. Due to our operational progress and solid financial position, we are well- positioned to capitalize on future market opportunities, such as introducing new products and capabilities or acquiring companies or competencies.
While we are proud of our past accomplishments, we are even more energized about our market opportunities and growth-oriented future. Working together toward a common mission with clarity of purpose to change the world, we remain steadfast in our commitment to our corporate strategy and the continued investment in our customers, people, and technology. We will continue to confront the status quo with vigor, embrace change with zeal, and provide new ways to increase our customer’s operational performance with partner-centric passion. Innovation, adaptability, and our sincere appreciation of the challenges our customers face will be the points of continued progress along our pathway to shared success. Each of us at Intergraph takes great pride in not only what we do, but also in how we do it. We seek to earn the respect and trust of our customers through a total commitment to our customers’ success, deep industry expertise, and a long tradition of technical innovation.

  ... accomplishing unthinkable tasks has always been and continues to be what defines our people and intergraph as a company.
– r. halsey wise
 7

 InTERGRAPH coRE vAluEs
custoMer satisFaction
Customer satisfaction is paramount to business success, so we strive to exceed customer expectations.
results-oriented
We are results-oriented, so we seek continuous improvement through aggressive, attainable goals.
innovation
We are committed to innovation, because innovation can transform the way our customers do business.
teaMwork
Great teams build great companies, so we seek to attract, develop, and retain leading talent.
leadersHip
We aspire to lead by setting the standards others emulate.
integrity
We are honest and fair in our dealings with customers, partners, stakeholders, and each other.
      8

Our commitment to research and development continues
to power the ability of our customers to take confident and precise actions across the industries they serve. Since 2003, we have invested $470 million in product development and innovation in an effort to continue to support the
critical operations of our customers and create additional opportunities for future growth. In addition to pursuing organic growth prospects, we also plan to continue evaluating strategic acquisitions that add complementary technology
for our existing customers and end markets, or expanding our addressable market opportunity in potential growth areas. In April 2008, we acquired TechServer Corporation, a software and services company in Seoul, Korea, specializing in automated drafting, data exchange, and system integration in the shipbuilding, process, power, and offshore industries. This acquisition complements our Intergraph SmartPlant and SmartMarine® Enterprise engineering software solutions and enhances our growth initiatives in the Asia-Pacific region.
While our immediate future will take us through the unpredictable and volatile global economic environment ahead, I and the people of Intergraph will seek opportunity and advantage at a time when uncertainty and market dislocation will freeze many of our competitors. You can count on Intergraph to change, adapt, innovate, and improvise through these unusual economic days. These characteristics, along with the mental toughness required to fight through uncertain times and unknown risk, will allow us to emerge a stronger and better company, ready for our next 40 years. Despite changes in economies, markets or technologies, our constant, steadfast and unwavering commitment to our customer’s success
has remained and will continue to be the defining attribute of Intergraph well into the future.
From our initial development of the early missile guidance systems to pioneering today’s computer graphics systems,
it has always been the people of Intergraph that continue to challenge the status quo, making the impossible possible
and changing the future of entire industries. The people of Intergraph have proven the doubters and naysayers wrong time and time again, and our innovation and dedication to our customers has been instrumental to Intergraph’s longevity and leadership in the marketplace.
As we continue on the “After-Next” growth phase of our business transformation mission, I am more optimistic and confident than ever before about what lies ahead for the
next 40 years for our company. I would like to thank all of
our customers, partners, and other stakeholders for your continued trust and tremendous support. You have helped put Intergraph in a strong position to continue to grow profitability, deliver technical innovation to the markets we serve, strengthen our customer relationships, and garner the most attractive opportunities in a dynamic global economy. Our relevancy to you and the world will only strengthen in 2009 and beyond. Together, we will embrace the possibilities that lie ahead, setting the stage for an exciting future!
r. Halsey wise
chairman, president & ceo intergraph corporation
       9
