2 Ingredion Incorporated
To Our Shareholders
INGREDIENTS OF A GREAT COMPANY
Ingredion delivered another strong year, highlighted by good financial performance, our successful name change, the successful completion of the integration of National Starch, and meaningful progress on many other strategic fronts.
Looking back, 2012 marks the continuation of a critical period in our company’s evolution, building on our very strong history and positioning us for a successful future. As the theme of this year’s annual report conveys, we firmly believe that Ingredion is a great company.
Starting with our performance in 2012, we are pleased to have performed well in the face of numerous macroeconomic headwinds, including country-specific economic challenges, currency devaluations and higher raw material prices.
Highlighting our performance was a 19 percent increase in adjusted diluted earnings per share in 2012.* Our 10-year diluted earnings per share compound annual growth rate is 20 percent.
Cash from operations grew by over $400 million to $732 million, giving us ample liquidity to execute our growth initiatives in the form of capital expenditures and potential acquisitions in the future. It also enabled us to increase our quarterly dividend 30 percent to $0.26 per share, marking the third increase in about an 18-month period.
* See page 69 of this Annual Report for a reconciliation of this metric, which is not calculated in accordance with GAAP to the reported diluted earnings per share.
A few other 2012 accomplishments stand out as particularly meaningful to me. First, as is evident from the name on the front of this report, we are now Ingredion, a name that better reflects our business model and our product portfolio. The reception from our employees, cus- tomers, suppliers and investors has been quite positive.
A part of the name change involved the integration of National Starch, the largest acquisition in our company’s history. The integration was successfully completed, on plan and on schedule, in 2012. National Starch has added key innovation and marketing capability as well as addi- tional portfolio breadth and geographic reach. We are very enthusiastic about the addition to our portfolio and the opportunities afforded us by the additional scope.
In 2012, we achieved another record for safety, one of our core values. I firmly believe that a safe plant is a well-managed plant. We strive every day to promote the safety of all our workers at each location. To that end, we continue to target and achieve world-class levels of safety performance.

 As much as we enjoy sharing our success from the past year, I am equally enthusiastic about our prospects for the future. Late in 2012, we updated the details of our long-term goals. These include anticipated sales growth of about $1.5 billion, taking us to approximately $8 billion in sales over the next five years. At the same time, operating margins are expected to expand, fueled by our relentless focus on operational excellence which enables us to work with low costs in an efficient and effective manner. We also expect our focus on innovation to help drive price and mix improvements while utilizing our current asset base. Underpinning these efforts is our outstanding focus on safety, quality, financial and risk management as well as talent development.
We expect our strong cash flow and solid balance sheet to further provide us with the ability to make growth-oriented investments. These ultimately give us confidence in our expected 10–12 percent annualized earnings per share growth goals over the long term.
The true bottom line for the company is our steadfast commitment to creating shareholder value and thus a real focus on return on capital employed as an appropriate metric for decision making.
We believe that with judicious deployment of our cash flow and a focus on our best growth opportunities, we can achieve these goals and continue the tremendous success that has come to define Ingredion. In the pages
that follow, you will read about our culture and capabilities that underpin our plans, as well as the products and global opportunities that excite our employees every day.
In closing, I want to recognize two officers who are retiring from the company. Our General Counsel, Mary Ann Hynes, and our Controller, Robin Kornmeyer, both have served the company for many years and made great contributions. We wish them well as they write the next chapter of their lives. Board member Karen Hendricks will not stand for re-election per our Corporate Governance Principles as she has served for 12 years. On behalf of the other board members and the employees of Ingredion,
I want to thank her for her counsel and support over many years.
I would also like to thank our outstanding employees. We could not be the great company that we are without them as a rock-solid foundation. Thanks to our board of directors for their continuing role in guiding and supporting the management of the company. And, finally, thanks to our shareholders for your commitment and investment in Ingredion.
Ilene S. Gordon
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April 2, 2013
 Ingredion Incorporated 3
