A BETTER MIX
To Our Shareholders
We continued to execute on our strategic blueprint through organic growth, M&A, and investments in innovation and operational excellence. These advancements in our strategy were achieved despite a year made challenging by currency headwinds and economic deceleration. We credit our focus on diversification and disciplined cost control for progressing our agenda and enabling us to continue our long tradition of delivering shareholder value.
 2014 marked another year where we made significant progress transforming Ingredion into a global ingredient solutions provider despite a number of challenges. We continued to advance the strategic blueprint and made progress on our 2019 objectives highlighted in this report, even while faced with adverse weather, slowing economies and currency devaluations. Our blueprint guides our future growth opportunities as
a leading ingredients company through operational excellence, organic growth, broadening our portfolio and geographic expansion, delivering value for our customers and ultimately creating shareholder value.
The foundation of our strategic blueprint is operational excellence. Our commitment to continuous improvement is unrelenting. More
than 25 percent of our employees are now Lean Six-Sigma certified,
and we are diligent about optimizing performance. We continually seek to improve every aspect of our operations through efficiency gains, including our world-class manufacturing and global supply chain. Our excellent safety metrics continue to improve, and our commitment to quality is evident: 100 percent of our company-owned manufacturing facilities are ISO 9001 certified, and more than 95 percent of our facilities have been certified to the Global Food Safety Initiative standard.
We continue to grow organically through our capabilities in sweeteners and starches. Overall, volumes grew moderately in 2014, with higher-value specialty products outpacing our core portfolio. In fact, specialty ingredients accounted for 24 percent of our net sales. We expect strong cash flow generated by our existing portfolio to drive investments in innovation and ultimately, future growth.
Our Strategic Blueprint
 Shareholder Value Creation
 Organic Growth
 Broadening Ingredient Portfolio
 Geographic Scope
 Operating Excellence
2 INGREDION INCORPORATED
We also continue to broaden our portfolio with a particular
focus on high-value specialty ingredients that address fast-growing, sustainable consumer trends, such as “free-from” foods (gluten-
free, non-GMO), authentic ingredients, affordability, and health and wellness. These on-trend solutions help our customers develop the wholesome, nutritious products that consumers demand today. In
this report, we identify six growth platforms that are aligned with consumer trends and strategically selected to accelerate future growth. Finally, the acquisition of Penford Corporation, announced in 2014
and completed in March, increases our capabilities and enhances our specialty products portfolio. It is a privilege to welcome our Penford colleagues to the Ingredion family.

 Our geographic footprint provides another avenue for growth. With employees in more than 40 countries and 24 Ingredion Idea LabsTM innovation centers around the world, we have a global network that fosters innovation and collaboration with customers in more than 100 countries. And our regional operating model allows us to tailor global innovations to local markets based on consumer trends and customer needs.
As a result of our focus on our strategic blueprint over the past five years, we have significantly outpaced the S&P 500 in share price appreciation and total shareholder return. We expect to continue on that path with improving margins from growth in specialty products and generating strong cash flow. We are making significant investments in our manufacturing facilities and enhancing our R&D capabilities to deliver value for our shareholders today and into the future.
Our commitment to maintaining a strong balance sheet enables us to deploy capital strategically. We continue to explore M&A opportunities to further grow our portfolio and expand globally. Attractive dividends and significant share repurchases also demonstrate our ongoing commitment to shareholders. With our strong financial profile and innovation-driven outlook for growth, we expect to create even more value for shareholders in the future.
In closing, I want to thank John Saucier, Ingredion’s senior vice president, corporate strategy and global business development, for his service. He will be retiring this year. Over the past nine years, John has led our efforts to grow and expand through acquisitions and other
strategic alliances. Ingredion has completed several very successful transactions under John’s direction. I appreciate his dedication, insight, and leadership.
Additionally, I would like to recognize two board members who retired during 2014. For more than a decade, we were extremely fortunate to have the guidance and critical support of Richard Almeida and James Ringler. I also want to thank our board of directors for its counsel and support, and our extraordinary employees around the world who work diligently to make Ingredion even better. Because
of their efforts, we once again have been recognized by FORTUNE magazine as a Most Admired Company in the Food Production category and named for the second year in a row as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by The Ethisphere Institute.
Finally, we would like to thank our shareholders for your continued support and investment in Ingredion.
Sincerely,
Ilene S. Gordon
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April 7, 2015
 INGREDION INCORPORATED 3
