                                                To Our Shareholders
A strong, reliable energy supply chain is critical for the growth of commerce and the well-being of people throughout the world. With highly complex and continual evolution in products, logistics, services, technologies, socio-economics and the environment, the energy supply chain poses ongoing challenges that can adversely impact its supply- and-demand participants. As a global leader in energy, logistics, risk management and technology, World Fuel Services continues to bring order, reliability and stability to this often chaotic space
in the downstream of energy supply.
In 2013, we continued to expand our downstream presence, capabilities and global network, providing further value and services as a single-source provider to the aviation, marine and land sectors.
By strengthening and complementing our core businesses with a diversified portfolio, we progressed on our strategic goal of creating long-term value while also responding to short-term conditions and opportunities. As always, we maintained our steady and disciplined approach to finance and risk, successfully navigating market turmoil on behalf
of our customers and suppliers and confirming the enduring value of trustworthy partnership.
Several highlights demonstrate how we
are broadening our presence in the downstream energy supply chain. With the acquisition of the Multi Service business, we extended our solutions- based offerings in transportation, logistics, energy and payment processing. With a greater range of card-based products and a broader suite of financial services for merchants and governments,
we continue to extend our capabilities as a single- source service supplier. With this investment
we solidify our opportunity to grow in the domestic and international transaction-processing and technology space, in each of our aviation, land
and marine segments.
We added another new element to our portfolio by entering the natural gas movement in the
U.S. This new line of business in energy management
creates a foundation for both domestic and international development. We now provide expertise in procurement, advisory and risk management services in the rapidly evolving natural gas market- place. As commercial, industrial and government fleets continue to convert from diesel to compressed natural gas (CNG) for both environmental and financial reasons, World Fuel Services can now support these and related transitions with tailored energy management solutions.
Heading into 2014, I am impressed by the engagement of our talented global team as we continue to diversify our product offering and remain the counterparty of choice with suppliers. While market conditions have constrained recent organic growth, we will continue to capture significant opportunities with our increasing portfolio of products and services in new geographies. Our balance sheet is strong
and we are well capitalized through an expanded and extended credit facility, enabling us to continue pursuing a strong pipeline of acquisition opportunities. Our strength and scale continue to define the downstream space and provide a solid foundation
of ongoing value to our customers and suppliers.
As we remain focused on driving profitable growth across our businesses, we thank our shareholders
for sharing our vision with your continued support.
Michael J. Kasbar, President + CEO
            27436a.indd 3
3/26/14 4:39 PM
                      