 tO Our sHareHOlDers
2010 was a transformational year for World Fuel. Disciplined risk management, strategic focus and strong cross-functional execution drove record results.
Our organic growth was complemented by a series of strategic acquisitions which were not only accretive to earnings, but brought to the company a wealth of
new management talent ready to help us build the future. Despite a challenging operating environment we achieved a great result and we ended the year with an expanding horizon of opportunities in the markets we serve.
None of this could be possible without great people and we are proud of our global team. Their passion and commitment to excellence continues to differentiate
our company and is the source of continuous learning and innovation. It is clear that a strong collaborative culture is, and always will be, a mainstay of this company’s success.
As we look forward we must be mindful of the many challenges we face—not
just as a company operating in a highly dynamic global marketplace — but as citizens of the greater world in which we live. While it is a truism that the only constant
is change, the rate of change in the world is unprecedented. This fact presents
total shareholder return
 2010
 36%
10 Year CAGR
 36%
 2
10 Year Compound Annual Grown Rate 2001–2010

shareholders’ equity
$ in Millions
  2008 $608
 2009 $733
 2010 $1,127
  “Despite a challenging operating  environment we achieved a great result and we ended the year with an expanding horizon of opportunities in the markets we serve.”
Paul H. Stebbins
both risks and opportunities.To navigate a clear path forward we believe certain core principles hold true:
• Being an industry leader means having the courage to do the right thing.
• When in doubt, listen to the customer. 
• The greatest threat to every successful enterprise is complacency.
• Maintain a “beginner’s mind”— when you think you know it all, the game is over.
• Transparency and good governance matter.
• Creating sustainable value requires patience and discipline. There are no  short-cuts.
• If everyone agrees all the time, something is wrong. • First, last, and always — success is about good people.
Over the years we have worked hard to be good stewards of World Fuel and the enterprise has created significant value for our shareholders over the past decade. But, from our perspective, we are really just beginning. The energy and trans- portation industries are experiencing tectonic shifts in the international markets. And after years of building out our global platform, protecting our balance sheet and refining our business model we are uniquely positioned to add value in the supply chain. Our ability to react quickly to opportunities and manage risk leaves us well-positioned to benefit from the changes ahead. It has taken us many years
to arrive at this place and we have never been more excited about the future. We thank all our shareholders for their continued support.
Paul H. Stebbins
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 3

 2010 results
4
I am proud of what our team accomplished in 2010. Despite challenging market conditions, we delivered record results with net income growing by more than 25 percent over 2009.
Anticipating growth opportunities across all of the market segments we serve, we fortified our balance sheet in 2010 by increasing our credit facility to $800 million
and extending the facility maturity date to 2015. We also raised approximately $219 million of net proceeds in a very successful secondary offering which helped drive our level of shareholders’ equity above one billion dollars for the first time. This enhanced liquidity profile supported several strategic acquisitions completed during the year which established a broader platform for growth in our aviation and land segments.
Western Petroleum and The Hiller Group provide us with a stronger position in the supply of branded and unbranded jet fuel to FBOs across the country while creating  greater opportunities to grow our existing AVCARD® transaction processing business. Meanwhile, our core commercial aviation business continued to prosper. Throughout the year our volumes and profitability continued to grow as we strengthened our supply position and partnered with airlines and suppliers to develop markets around the world. We closed the year with the announcement of the acquisition of Nordic Camp Supply (NCS Fuel) which leverages our current activities with government customers as well as future growth opportunities in the fuel logistics marketplace.
2010 acquisition announcements
April 7 August 23 December 16 December 20 Lakeside Oil Western Petroleum The Hiller Group NCS Fuel

2010 gross Profit by segment
$ in Millions
  Aviation $215
  Marine $165
  “We will continue to actively  explore opportunities for profitable growth while making disciplined investments in our business which align with our strategy, culture and risk management philosophy.”
Michael J. Kasbar
The addition of Lakeside Oil and Western Petroleum significantly enhanced the size and breadth of our land segment. The combined acquisitions expand our branded gasoline and diesel business while creating critical mass in our unbranded offering. Western also opened up new areas of product development in propane, lubricants and rail car logistics. Our annual run-rate of volume in our land segment reached two billion gallons by year-end; triple the volume achieved in 2009.
In our marine segment, we were forced to navigate through a difficult operating environment throughout the year. Despite the challenging conditions, we successfully maintained volumes and profitability and are well-positioned to benefit as market conditions begin to improve.
As we enter 2011, with a strong balance sheet, solid infrastructure and a talented team, our growth opportunities remain plentiful. We will continue to actively explore opportunities for profitable growth while making disciplined investments in our business which align with our strategy, culture and risk management philosophy.
I would like to thank our global World Fuel team for their personal commitment and effort in making 2010 another successful year for our company. We are confident
our financial strength combined with strategic execution will continue to create value for our customers, suppliers, business partners and shareholders.
Michael J. Kasbar
President and Chief Operating Officer
Land $62
 5
  