                                Shareholder Letter
     Michael J. Kasbar
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Overview
World Fuel is strategically situated at the dynamic crossroads of the global energy and transportation industries, providing global fuel supply and comprehensive services for marine, aviation and land-based markets. From our core of diversified downstream distribution logistics, financial and specialty services, operational support and information technology, we combine and scale our capa- bilities into robust solutions, meeting our customers’ worldwide needs while continuing to drive shareholder value.
Change is constant but in many markets we continue to be the long-term, reliable channel for energy and transportation products and services. Customers and suppliers look to our leadership, knowledge and expertise as they maneuver through fuel price volatility, regula- tory changes and overall global economic instability. The current fast-paced market environment feeds our entrepreneurial drive, suits our asset-light responsive business model and leverages our core competency of risk management.
Performance
In 2014, we sold a record 16.8 billion gallons of fuel, representing nearly 2% of global liquid fuel supply. The diversity of our business model and the increasing strength of our global supply network remain key drivers of our continued growth. While we weathered seasonal influences, ongoing market chal- lenges in certain lines of business and volati- lity in the world economy, we again strength- ened our portfolio through the integration of multiple strategic acquisitions.
Early in the year, we acquired Watson Petro- leum, a leading distributor of gasoline, diesel, heating oil, lubricants and other products and services across the United Kingdom (UK). In combination with our existing UK land busi- ness and several “bolt-on” acquisitions, we have further solidified Watson’s position as one of the largest distributors of ground- based fuels, lubricants and services in the UK. Watson broadens our customer base and geographical footprint, and we are focused on expanding their offerings with our suite of
complementary products and services — from technology, natural gas supply and elec- tricity advisory services, to alternative fuels and risk management. Furthermore, we will gain efficiencies from integrated mid- and back-office operations, allowing us to main- tain quality as we scale our business.
“ We are able to maintain the durability and diversity of our business to deliver strong results.“
In the second half of the year, we acquired Colt International, a leading global provider of aviation contract fuel and trip support ser- vices. Our combined customer base represents one of the largest contract fueling networks in the business and general aviation market and expands our global presence. The joint strength of the Colt and World Fuel interna- tional trip support platforms enhances our global network’s service level and drives stra- tegic synergies within the business and gen- eral aviation marketplace.
Looking Forward
In 2015, we will continue to transform our business through the multitude of opportuni- ties within our reach around the globe. With long-term investments in people and tech- nology, we are able to maintain the durability and diversity of our business to deliver strong results. As well, our strong and liquid balance sheet provides us with the capacity to conti- nue investing in a growing suite of strategic growth opportunities. We gratefully acknowl- edge the commitment and effort of more than 4,000 employees throughout the world, and the ongoing and valued support of our customers, suppliers and shareholders.
 