   To Our Shareholders:
This year has been a time of significant growth and transformation at World Fuel. Over the past nine months we have suc- cessfully reshaped the management team, appointed new independent directors with deep international experience, expanded and diversified our business model in both our marine and aviation segments and increased profitability in a difficult eco- nomic environment. Our stock price has shown tremendous resilience throughout one of the most volatile periods in market his- tory and we are pleased that shareholder support has remained constant during these uncertain times. Our over-riding strategic objective has been to consolidate our position as the global leader in the transportation fuel service business and we are well on our way to realizing that goal. We are proud of our worldwide team and celebrate their success. Their strong personal character, inno- vative thinking, dedication to service, and unrelenting effort have set a high standard for excellence and made our Company a force in the global market. As we work together to execute our plan we are confident about the prospects for future growth.
after-tax charges, diluted earnings per share would have been $1.25 for the 9- month year and $1.11 for the nine- month period a year ago.
•Our days of sales outstanding improved to 30 days, reflecting the continued success of the Company’s effort to improve the overall quality of its accounts receivables.
Financial Strengths:
World Fuel Services is anchored by a solid balance sheet. At December 31, 2002, our cash balance was $58 million, with working capital of $82 million and shareholders’ equity of $128 million. Assets managed by World Fuel exceeded $312 million, and book value was approximately $11.94 per share.
 Paul H. Stebbins
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
In the 9-Month Year:
•For the 9-month year, revenue for the Company was $1.55 billion, versus $1.01 billion for the same period a year ago. The revenue increase was the result of higher fuel prices in the marine seg- ment and increases in volume in both the marine and aviation segments.
•Diluted earnings per share declined by 24% to $0.91 for the 9-month year from $1.20 for the same nine-month period a year ago. Included in diluted earnings were non-recurring, after-tax charges of the executive severance and the settlement of the judgment for the 9-month year and an insurance settle- ment recovery related to a product theft for the same nine-month period a year earlier. Excluding these non-recurring,
 Michael J. Kasbar
President and Chief Operating Officer
       2
            
  Aviation Division:
Volume in the aviation segment increased 98% year over year. Our cur- rent run rate is approximately one billion gallons per annum and growing. The quality of our receivables has never been better and the business is spread over some 1,500 customers in every seg- ment of the market and in every geo- graphic region of the world. We have realized this growth through expansion in our core business, the development of new service offerings and the consummation of strategic alliances.
In our traditional cargo and charter markets, especially in Europe and the Far East, we have achieved steady growth as new customers enter the market and existing airlines discover the value of our service. We will be working to continue this trend in the coming year.
On the strategic front, we are partic- ularly proud of the success of our joint venture with Boeing’s Jeppesen divi- sion. This alliance of our expertise in fuel services with their flight planning business has added over 100 new cus- tomers to our corporate fueling portfo- lio, including large fractional fleets and management companies whose clients require fuel on short notice all over the world. We believe this joint venture will yield additional business synergies
as we develop our joint Jeppesen-WFS business further. For instance, the busi- ness network of Baseops, our corporate trip planning and services division in Houston is quite complimentary to that of Jeppesen and potentially there are useful opportunities to leverage our combined service strengths in the area of flight planning, services and fuel.
PAFCO, our 50/50 joint venture with Signature Flight Support contin- ues to grow in volume and profitability year over year and we have begun to realize some of the strategic benefits of collaborating with Signature through their network of FBO’s and strong posi- tion in the ground handling business. We have also been able to use our strong international presence to assist Signature’s domestic customers travel- ing overseas. Our plans for the coming year are to further refine our supply offerings through Signature’s domestic network and further expand our efforts with them in the international market.
One of our most important mile- stones this year was the launching our fuel management program for JetBlue Airways. As the aviation industry struggles to restructure itself, JetBlue has created a successful business model for the future of the industry. We are proud to be their outsource partner in
the area of fuel procurement and pleased that we have established “proof of con- cept” in what promises to be a substan- tial market. And while the sales cycle is longer in this part of our business, the victories yield significant volume, a key driver in optimizing our overall fuel costs across the portfolio. Our success with JetBlue has generated considerable interest in our fuel services offerings and we expect continued growth in this area as airlines increasingly look to shed non- core functions in a difficult operating environment in order to better focus on their key role of providing efficient, market effective airline service.
Marine Division:
In our marine division, we have delivered good results in spite of a very difficult shipping market. More impor- tantly, we see signs of recovery in global shipping markets as cargo rates and vol- umes improve. Assuming continued shipping industry recovery, we antici- pate improved performance in this segment over the next year.
We had a number of important strategic developments in the marine segment. Of particular note is the suc- cess we have enjoyed in our outsource model. Over the past 6 months, our business with the world’s largest
       3
            
   commercial ship-owner, A.P. Moller of Denmark, has grown steadily reflecting their increasing confidence in our abil- ity to add value and perform a global service as a strategic purchasing part- ner. This success has further validated our marine business model and has generated interest from other large international fleets. This success fur- ther reinforces our long-term strategy of building a total outsource business model and range of service offerings in the marine space.
Corporate Efficiency:
When we look at the Company over- all, one of the most exciting develop- ments that followed the management transition this year is the increased sharing of best practices between the marine and aviation divisions. As we continue to find opportunities for both segments to share resources in the areas of supply, marketing, credit, legal and back-office processing, we will better leverage our resources across the Company. At the same time, we remain focused on our corporate mis- sion and on improved team productiv- ity. An important next step in this process was the move to our new cor- porate headquarters, which occurred on March 3, 2003. It is a new building
that we have laid out to improve work- flow and increase productivity throughout the organization. We were able to take advantage of a weak com- mercial real estate market and have achieved this important initiative with a minimal increase in costs.
It is a very exciting time for World Fuel Services Corporation. We have packed a few full years’ worth of change and transformation into a 9-month period, and are pleased with the results our team has delivered and the direction we have chosen. Our balance sheet is strong, our cash position at the end of the year was $58 million and we con- tinue to generate significant free cash flow. Our days of sales outstanding are at an all time low of 30 days. We are expe- riencing good organic growth, and con- tinue to evaluate a variety of acquisition opportunities. Going forward, we will continue to make significant invest- ments in business systems and people, as both are critical to the successful development of our business model.
We recognize that sustaining steady growth is a challenge when the entire world faces an uncertain economic future. The markets are skittish and pro- jections for growth have been cautious across a broad cross section of industries. And, of course, overshadowing the
entire market is the ongoing war on terrorism and the difficulty of predict- ing with any precision its ultimate impact on the economy and our under- lying industries. In spite of all this, we are confident that we will continue to grow in the coming year. Our service offering is fundamental to the trans- portation industry and demand for it only increases when markets are uncer- tain and prices are volatile. We have successfully diversified our business model, deepened our management team and aggressively managed our risk. Our Company is strong both financially and culturally and our busi- ness model is durable for now and the long term. As management we are patient, disciplined and highly focused on building the leading transportation fuel services franchise in the world. We are confident our shareholders will be well rewarded and we appreciate your continued support.
Paul H. Stebbins
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Michael J. Kasbar
President and Chief Operating Officer
         4
            