  To Our Shareholders
Over the years, the World Fuel Services enterprise has celebrated a strong level of growth and transformation despite turbulent global market conditions. In 2012, more than ever, it became clear that global market turbulence is the
new norm.The tremendous scale of multi-faceted challenges around the world is the very redefinition of our worldwide marketplace.This reality demands of us a new mindset. Rather than seeking growth in spite of these challenges, we are called to embrace the contours of change and evolve our organization in step with the enormous shifts taking place around the world.
Fortunately, World Fuel Services has never been faint of heart.The DNA of our organizational culture is one of entrepreneurialism supported by a strong governance foundation and disciplined business management. Our business model has proven itself resilient for well over a decade, and today we are a leading global hub for the supply, logistics, financing and servicing of
transportation fuels and energy products.The opportunity set
for World Fuel Services in the energy and logistics space is broad, and
our value propositions are as compelling as ever.
We are strongly focused on the goal of creating long-term value, through well-considered investments in the energy, transportation, logistics and transaction processing sectors.The breadth and depth of our service offerings across all our business segments is a remarkable accomplishment for a company of just 2,500 employees. It is a testament to the talent of our teams and their new level of collaboration across business segments, geographies, and functions.
As we now look ahead to 2013,
I am mindful that the upheaval of global change brings hardship to some, and opportunities to others. With World Fuel Services’ global presence and established reputation for discipline, ethics and stability, we will continue to play an important role in supporting worldwide
commerce with our global network of services, technology, fuel, risk management and logistics. Our conservative financial practices and strong balance sheet have enabled us to be selective among new opportunities, capitalizing on the intersection between our growing capabilities and new demands arising from global market shifts.
While the world continues to change and demands that World Fuel Services change with it, we do not lose sight of our deep commitment to provide our many customers and suppliers with the unwavering expertise and value that has differentiated World Fuel Services from our competitors for years. I
am grateful to you, our shareholders, for your belief in our vision and your ongoing support of the growth of our enterprise.
Michael J. Kasbar
President and Chief Executive Officer
 3
