Letter From Your CEO
2011was an outstanding year for Intel. Despite a tough macro-economic environment, the company set records in platform unit sales, revenue, and earnings, reflecting strong global demand for our products and solid execution by our employees around the world.
We delivered revenue of $54.0 billion, up 24% compared to 2010. Net income rose to $12.9 billion, up 13% from 2010, and earnings per share rose to $2.39, up 19% from the prior year. Spending as a percentage of revenue was approximately flat com- pared to 2010, and our gross margin of 62.5% was at the top end of our historical gross margin range for the second year in a row.
Continuing PC growth
In 2011, the global demand for PCs continued to surge, especially in emerging markets. For the first time, total PC purchases were higher in China than in any other country, followed by the U.S., Brazil, and Russia. Intel has benefited from this growth, and as a result, 2011 revenue for the PC market segment of our business increased 17% compared to 2010.
Meanwhile, the PC itself is undergoing a renaissance. Last year, Intel led the industry in reinventing the PC experience with the launch of UltrabookTM systems, a new category of thin, responsive, and secure mobile devices that combine the best features of tablets and notebooks. The first Ultrabook systems, powered by 2nd generation Intel® CoreTM processors, were introduced in 2011, and we expect that the industry will bring more than 80 new Ultrabook system designs to market in 2012.
Data storage and high-performance computing
Our Data Center Group develops technology for a range of applica- tions—from cloud computing and mission-critical servers to high- performance computing (HPC). Revenue for our Data Center Group topped $10.1 billion in 2011, up 17% from 2010.
We produced our first teraflop processor, capable of performing complex HPC tasks such as mapping the human genome. In addition, more high-volume storage and networking industries are standard- izing on Intel® architecture, with Intel® Xeon® processors replacing proprietary solutions in routers, switches, and other parts of the communications infrastructure.
Technology leadership
Intel continues to develop the world’s most advanced semiconductor technology. In 2011, we announced the first 3-D Tri-Gate transistor, which is based on Intel’s 22-nanometer (nm) process technology. The new 22nm 3-D transistor technology enables up to a 37% increase in performance at low voltage versus Intel’s 32nm planar transistors. Alternatively, the new transistors consume less than half the power when at the same performance as 2-D transistors on 32nm chips, enabling Intel innovation in power-constrained devices such as smartphones and tablets.
At the same time, development of our next-generation 14nm process technology is well under way, and we have broken ground
on a high-volume 14nm manufacturing facility in Arizona and a leading-edge development fabrication facility in Oregon.
Software and services
As the world’s digital footprint expands, so does its vulnerability
to security breaches. More unique pieces of malware were identified in the last two years than existed worldwide prior to 2010. In 2011, mobile malware increased 70% over 2010. Intel recognized this growing threat and the need for a new approach
to platform security, which led to our acquisition of McAfee in 2011. The McAfee DeepSAFE* technology platform, introduced in 2011, combines McAfee’s security software with Intel’s silicon capabilities and is designed to detect and prevent day-zero attacks.
Looking ahead
Our industry is at the brink of a major transformation. The number of connected devices in the world now tops 4 billion and continues to rise rapidly. Transistor usage over the past three decades will look flat compared to what will be needed to manage, interpret, and store data over the next five years. This creates a huge opportunity for Intel—and we are ready to deliver.
For example, we now have the power envelope, volume economics, and technology to succeed in the smartphone market segment with our new Intel® AtomTM processor platform. This platform powers the Intel smartphone reference design that we introduced in early 2012. Our industry partners have responded enthusiastically. We have a multi-year strategic partnership with Motorola Mobility covering both smartphones and tablets, and a joint effort with Google to optimize future releases of the Android* platform for low-power Intel Atom processors.
Corporate responsibility leadership
In 2011, we extended our reputation as a leading corporate citizen, making progress on our strategic objective to care for our people, care for our planet, and inspire the next generation. Last year, we became the first semiconductor company to obtain LEED* Silver Certification for an entire manufacturing campus. We helped create economic and social opportunities in over 100 countries through our education transformation efforts, and reached our goal of providing technology training to 10 million teachers. Intel was once again named one of Fortune’s Best Companies to Work For, and we continued to empower our people to give back to their communities worldwide, with 50% of our workforce donating more than 1.1 million hours of service in 2011.
Our vision for the next decade is to create and extend comput- ing technology to connect and enrich the lives of every person on earth. I am honored to work with the employees of Intel, who deliver extraordinary results every day to make that vision a reality.
Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer
  
2011 Highlights
Letter From Your Chairman
As part of Intel’s ongoing commitment to increasing stockholder value, the Board of Directors raised the dividend twice in 2011 and continued an active buyback program. Intel’s divi- dend payout totaled $4.1 billion in 2011, including a 15% increase in the quarterly dividend paid in
March 2011 and an additional 16% increase paid in September. The company used $14.1 billion to repurchase 642 million shares of stock in 2011, and the Board raised Intel’s authorization limit for share repurchases by $20 billion. Intel also completed a senior notes offering of $5 billion, primarily for the purpose of repurchasing Intel stock.
Intel’s ongoing focus on corporate responsibility creates value
for stockholders, for the company, and for society. In 2011, Intel was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes for the 13th consecu- tive year, in recognition of the company’s performance and reporting on environmental issues, employee health and safety, supply chain, social impact programs and policies, and Intel’s commitment to operating at the highest level of integrity throughout all operations. To strengthen that commitment, in 2010 Intel formed a Compliance Committee of the Board charged with helping to ensure that the company remains in compliance with antitrust requirements worldwide. The committee has overseen the enhancement of Intel’s global compliance program, which includes an audit program, competition policy and processes, training and communication, risk assessment, and more.
Intel also continues to focus on increasing diversity among its employees at all levels of the company. In 2011, the company launched a comprehensive leadership development series targeted at advancing career development and retention of African American and Hispanic employees. The program provides coaching in business acumen, organizational leadership, strategic thinking, communication, and more. Through another new program, Extend Our Reach, a group of Intel’s most senior women executives have become sponsors who mentor and advocate for other female employees, as part of the company’s ongoing Global Women’s Initiative aimed at attracting, developing,
and retaining female employees.
In May 2012, I will retire from Intel’s Board, and I am delighted
that Andy Bryant will succeed me as Intel’s Chairman. Andy has had
a 30-year tenure at Intel—including serving as Chief Financial Officer and overseeing the company’s Technology and Manufacturing Group
in his role as Chief Administrative Officer. His unique and invaluable experience and perspective will serve the Board and the company well.
I joined the Intel Board in 1993, a year when the company’s annual revenue was $8.78 billion, and Intel had 29,500 employees. It has been an honor to be part of Intel’s growth since that time, and I know that the men and women of Intel will continue in the years ahead to help enrich all of our lives; it has been an amazing privilege to work with them.
Jane E. Shaw, Chairman of the Board
    Powering the cloud The building blocks of connectivity
As the number of connected devices in the world expands, so does
the demand for secure ways to create, share, store, and analyze data. Intel® products form the backbone of cloud computing and the Internet.
Reinventing the PC UltrabookTM systems have arrived
Sleek, stylish, and ultra-responsive, this new category of mobile devices combines the best features of notebooks and tablets. Processors based on our revolutionary 22nm 3-D Tri-Gate transistor technology will further accelerate UltrabookTM system innovation in 2012.
Transforming education More than10 million teachers trained
Through the Intel® Teach Program, educators learn how to use technology to create active learning environments where students acquire the skills they need in today’s innovation economy. The total number of teachers reached by the program surpassed 10 million in 2011.
    