                   Letter From Your CEO
Paul S. Otellini
In 2005, we reported our 19th consecutive year of profitability, underwent our largest reorganization, embarked on a rebranding effort and helped usher in the dual-core era—a major technological leap in computing architecture.
Although our financial results were not as strong in the last month of the year as we had forecasted, we remain optimistic about the future. As we look ahead, we believe that our business strategy and our lineup of compelling product offerings position us well for continued growth. For nearly four decades, Intel has embraced change and an un- wavering commitment to moving technology forward, but perhaps at no time has this been truer than now. Since our founding in 1968, we have successfully transformed from our roots as a memory company to become the world’s largest microprocessor company. Today, we
are reinventing Intel once again, to focus on the growth opportunities presented through platforms—advanced solutions that integrate Intel® microprocessors and other technologies, such as complementary chipsets and communications chips, all optimized to work together.
The technology fueling our new platform strategy is still deeply rooted in our strengths in silicon architecture design and manufacturing technology, but today our employees share a new common mission: to delight our customers, employees and stockholders by relentlessly delivering Intel platform and technology advancements that become essential to the way we work and live.
Platform Strategy. During 2005, we set in motion a broad corpo- rate re-alignment around our platform strategy, creating six business groups that target growth opportunities where we believe we can offer significant value to end users:
The Mobility Group designs and delivers platforms for notebook PCs and handheld devices. Intel® Centrino® mobile technology is an ex- ample of one of our first successful platforms. This platform combines a processor, chipset and wireless network technology to optimize performance, battery life, thin-and-light system design and wireless con- nectivity for mobile PC users. Due largely to the sales of these products, the Mobility Group grew 59% and accounted for more than one-fourth of Intel’s revenue in 2005. In early 2006, we introduced a new genera- tion of this platform, Intel® Centrino® Duo mobile technology, based on our new dual-core Intel® CoreTM Duo processor.
The Digital Enterprise Group focuses on computing and communica- tions platforms for end-to-end business solutions as well as consumer desktop PCs. It is our largest operating segment, accounting for 65%
of our total revenue. Among several other introductions, the group delivered our first dual-core Intel® Xeon® processors for server plat- forms in 2005.
The Digital Home Group delivers computing and communications platforms for consumers in the emerging digital home, with an emphasis on entertainment applications and consumer electronics devices. The first systems based on our new digital home platform, Intel® ViivTM technology, premiered in early 2006. Intel Viiv technology–based systems are designed to make it easier to download, manage and share the growing amount of digital content available worldwide, and enjoy it on a choice of TVs, PCs or handheld devices.
The Flash Memory Group provides NOR flash memory products, which are commonly used for storage in cell phones, set-top boxes, networking products, DVD players and other devices. Beginning in 2006, the group’s products include NAND flash memory products manufactured by IM Flash Technologies, a newly formed company announced by Intel and Micron Technology in 2005. NAND flash memory is a popular storage technology for digital audio players, digital cameras and other consumer electronics devices.
The Digital Health Group targets business opportunities in health- care research, diagnostics and productivity, as well as personal healthcare. The group plans to have new platforms in trials in 2006.
Finally, the Channel Platforms Group works to expand on Intel’s success in global markets by focusing on developing and selling
Intel products to meet the unique needs of local markets worldwide. An example of the group’s 2005 activities is the development of
a platform specifically for China’s growing Internet cafe industry. Manufacturing and Dual Core. At the heart of our platform
approach is our ability to consistently deliver architectural innovation coupled with world-class, high-volume manufacturing. At the end
of 2005, we manufactured the majority of our microprocessors on 90-nanometer process technology in our 300mm fabrication facilities, but we also began production of our dual-core microprocessors using our industry-leading 65-nanometer process technology. In 2006, we are rapidly increasing high-volume production of our 65-nanometer dual-core processors to support our platform initiatives.
Dual-core processor technology is a vital part of Intel’s vision of multi-core computing. Compared to processors with only one core, multi- core processors (processors with two or more cores) deliver higher system throughput and simultaneous management of activities while balancing power requirements. We have more than 15 multi- core projects in development for a variety of market segments.

Growth. In 2005, for the first time in history, more than 200 million PCs were sold worldwide in a single year. Shipments of PCs grew by approx- imately 16% in 2005, the third consecutive year of double-digit growth.
Intel continues to benefit from this growth, especially in the mobility segment and in emerging markets just beginning to embrace technology. We are also optimistic about future growth as users continue to discover new ways to use Intel technology, such as Intel Viiv technology, which is helping transform the way people enjoy entertainment in the digital home.
In addition, we are focused on opportunities through new customer relationships. We are pleased that Apple Computer introduced its first MacBook Pro* laptop and iMac* desktop computers based on the Intel Core Duo processor in early 2006. Also, Research In Motion announced that it will use Intel XScale® architecture–based cellular processors for its next- generation BlackBerry* handheld communications devices.
Our investments in Intel’s manufacturing network have enabled us to take advantage of growth opportunities. In 2005 alone, we spent $5.8 billion in capital investments. Because of our continuing commit-
Letter From Your Chairman
Craig R. Barrett
ment to investments in capacity, Intel’s manufacturing network is now unmatched in scope and scale in our industry.
A New Era. The redesigned logo on the front cover of this report signals a new era for Intel that builds on our rich heritage as one of the world’s most trusted technology leaders. We refreshed our previous logo, a symbol of a more industrial age, and believe that the new logo with its Intel. Leap ahead.TM tagline is a simple expression of our continuing mission to challenge the status quo and deliver technologies that make life better and richer for everyone.
I would like to thank the employees of Intel for their continuing hard work and dedication. It is an honor for me to assume the position of Intel’s chief executive officer, following in the very large footsteps of my four predecessors. All of us at Intel can be inspired by their legacy as we move forward and help change the world—again—by leaps and bounds.
Paul S. Otellini, President and Chief Executive Officer
  In my first letter as chairman, I would like to review the actions of the Board in 2005 in the areas of succession planning, corporate governance and global citizenship. 2005 marked a year of leadership transition at Intel.
Paul Otellini, a 31-year Intel veteran, took over as chief executive officer. The selection of Paul to become CEO was perhaps the most important action taken by the Board in 2005. This culminated several years of
internal discussion and analysis by Board members as they reviewed the performance and development of key senior executives. Paul was selected as the best candidate to lead Intel going forward, bringing with him new views and strategies while maintaining the unique culture and style of the company.
In parallel with Paul’s elevation to CEO, the Board has continued
its evaluation of the next tier of executives in its quest to identify
and maintain a list of qualified internal candidates to succeed Paul. As Andrew Grove described in his chairman’s letter last year, succession planning is an ongoing event at Intel, and the Board works with the CEO to identify, develop and groom the next CEO. We have formal reviews on the topic twice a year, and the Board actively interacts with senior executives on a routine basis to form independent assessments of the capabilities and strengths of various candidates. While we anticipate a long and successful career for our current CEO, we want to be prepared in advance for the next leadership transition.
Similarly, in the continuing evolution of our corporate governance practice, perhaps the most important of the Board’s recent actions was its adoption of a “majority vote” standard, to begin in 2006, for the election of directors in uncontested elections. Director candidates rarely
run against opposing candidates as in political elections; therefore, stockholders want a meaningful way to affect the election of directors. As a matter of director accountability, we think it is important that stockholders be able to vote “yes” or “no” for director nominees. And if the “no” votes win, the Board has the authority and responsibility to decide whether to retain or replace that director.
Corporate social responsibility is an increasingly important topic in boardrooms and among stockholders. At Intel, we recognize that the company’s continuing success rests upon our ongoing dedication to corporate excellence—in the boardroom, in the workplace and
in the communities where we operate. In May 2006, Intel will publish its fifth Corporate Responsibility Report, available on the Internet
at www.intel.com/go/responsibility. The report provides information about the company’s performance on a wide variety of environmental, health and safety issues, as well as social programs and performance. I encourage all of our stockholders to review this report, as the material in it complements that contained in our financial statements and provides important information about how our company operates
in today’s complex world.
Craig R. Barrett, Chairman
 