                 CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
2007
In the past two years, I have used this letter to express optimism that the adverse market conditions – low interest rates, low commodities prices, low volatility – that have generated headwinds for some of our key business segments since the 2008 financial crisis may finally be on the verge of normalizing.
Yet, for most of fiscal 2016, these trends persisted. Which makes it all the more gratifying to report that INTL FCStone achieved solid results in many of our key metrics for the second consecutive year.
This was due largely to our ability to capitalize on the continued contraction of the global financial services industry. Smaller players are exiting because they cannot afford the cost of regulatory compliance. Larger players have become unwilling to service all but the largest customers. Both trends have helped to increase our natural customer base. In this sense, regulation – quite ironically – has become our friend.
Internally, we continued to pursue our strategy of being a leader in the development of financial services in commodities, securities, global payments, foreign exchange and other markets by
further expanding our platform to meet our customers’ evolving needs. With our acquisitions of the correspondent clearing and wealth management businesses of Sterne Agee, and of the London-based EMEA oils business of ICAP PLC, we are more strongly positioned than ever to provide execution, market intelligence and clearing services across asset classes and in all major markets.
In addition to growing our capabilities, we also strengthened our financial foundation. As a company, we do not take speculative positions, but as a liquidity provider to our customers, our liquidity resources are paramount. The strength of these resources is demonstrated both by our selective and opportunistic share buyback program and by our decision to redeem $45.5 million of the Company’s 8.5% senior notes, enabled by our ability to tap liquidity resources at a substantially cheaper cost.
During the tail end of 2016, the “new normal” we’ve been operating under in recent years seemed to transition to a “world of the unexpected.” The UK referendum returned a surprising result in favor of BREXIT. This surprise was magnified 100 times by the U.S. presidential election results. Both of these events triggered extreme volatility in the markets. It is a credit to our management and risk controls that we serviced our customers effectively and seamlessly through these turbulent times.
It also demonstrated the progress we’ve made as a company. Since 2002, your company has grown operating revenue from $5.2 million to $671.0 million (CAGR 42%) and net income from a loss of $300,000 to a profit of $54.7 million. The market capitalization has increased from approximately $5 million to approximately $700 million over the same period. Shareholder equity has grown from $4.3 million to $433.8 million (CAGR 39%)
2008
2009
2010
2010
2010
 FCStone acquired Chicago-based Downes-O’Neill, dairy specialists.
FCStone acquired Nashville-based Globecot, cotton specialists.
International Assets Holding Corporation and FCStone Group, Inc. merged.
Risk Management Incorporated, energy risk management specialists, was acquired by the newly merged company.
The Company acquired Hanley Group companies to expand the group’s OTC trading business.
The Company acquired the futures division of Hencorp, coffee, cocoa and sugar specialists.
        
                This growth reflects not only management but our company
culture. Compensation is heavily weighted towards the variable so that results are rewarded while fixed costs are kept under control. The company is frugal in its outlook and encourages a team spirit which results in selling across our platform. Management looks for consensus rather than exercising absolute authority. Lastly, in a business where our most important assets are our people, culture is of paramount importance – and we have a vital and productive one. This is reflected in our business areas where, before central costs, we are approaching an internal average ROE of 60%.
As always I would remind you that our Board are large shareholders in the company. We are proud that we are a company run by shareholders for shareholders, and as one of you, I have never been more optimistic about our future.
The structure of our markets is favorable to us with interest rates appearing to have started an upward trend and so too market volatility. The market valuation of our company is increasing as
new sources of capital start to recognize the growing value of our franchise. We have continued developing our culture and our efforts are being recognized in an ever-higher quality of management personnel. We continue to improve our platform and widen our menu of services thereby increasing our potential market. We are developing and constantly increasing our sales tools and sales efforts. Perhaps most importantly, risk controls are tight and disciplined and we have a “fortress balance sheet” mentality which has stood us in good stead.
As we consider these reasons for optimism, let’s also remember that none of them would be possible without you, our shareholders, and all the people who deliver value to this company every day.
JOHN RADZIWILL
Chairman
 “It is gratifying to report that INTL FCStone achieved solid results in many of our key metrics for the second consecutive year.”
2011
2011
2011
2012
2012
 International Assets Holding Corporation changed name to INTL FCStone Inc.
Ambrian Commodities Limited (“ACL”), was acquired to provide commodities execution capabilities in the key LME market.
The Company acquired the business of the Metals Division of MF Global and upgraded to LME Category One ring dealing membership.
The Company acquired TRX Futures Ltd., a London-based brokerage and clearing firm for commercial coffee and cocoa customers that also offers energy and financial products.
Online news and analysis subscription service Commodity Network is launched.
      