ChairmenÕs> Report
This year, Interpublic reached a landmark in its evolution as a marketing services company. In 1994, advertising represented 95 percent of our business.
In 2000, for the first time, our business was almost evenly balanced between advertising and other marketing communications and marketing services.
The year 2000 was another year of robust growth and diversification for Interpublic. Revenue rose to more than $5.6 billion, an increase of 13% over 1999. Net income (before non-recurring items) grew to $473 million, up 23.6% over the prior year. On a diluted basis, earnings per share grew to $1.51, almost 22% above 1999. This yearÕs revenue, profits and earnings per share would have been even higher had it not been for the strength of the dollar in the global currency markets.
With more than 650 offices in 127 countries, we believe our unparalleled reach is only exceeded by the quality of our people and the services and counsel they provide to Clients. And our
overall Client roster, especially those Clients our companies serve across multiple markets and multiple disciplines, is second to none.
Our agency networks continued to win new business on an impressive scale. Net new business billings of approximately $2.6 billion helped drive our growth and signaled continued Client confidence in the Interpublic companies and the quality of their offerings.
Our companyÕs financial condition continues to be excellent, with a strong balance
sheet and solid cash position. InterpublicÕs sound financial management and cost- containment policies have helped to maintain and improve our margins.
This year, Interpublic reached a landmark
in its evolution as a marketing services company. In 1994, advertising represented
95 percent of our business. In 2000, for the first time, our business was almost evenly balanced between advertising and other marketing communications and marketing services. Our philosophy of owning and growing marketing services businesses in a wide array of sectors should prove important to both the short-term and long-term horizons of our investors.
It is important to note that this has been a cumulative gain, for these disciplines complement each other and enable further aggressive growth for the entire company.
1 / OPPOSITE PAGE: PHILIP H. GEIER, JR. & JOHN J. DOONER, JR., THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES, INC.
2000 > The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. 3

This diversification of our business has
been a deliberate strategy to expand beyond traditional advertising in order to provide Clients with both the consumer insights
and marketing communications services that help them build their businesses. In this regard, Interpublic is truly a communications partner capable of providing expertise which is vital to global and local Clients alike.
Growth in the year 2000 was marked by
a number of acquisitions that significantly expanded InterpublicÕs portfolio of resources. This is not simply a matter of buying volume, but a deliberate effort
to create a group of competencies that reflects our strategic priorities.
As the global marketing environment grows more complex, Clients are consolidating their accounts both geographically and across disciplines. Interpublic is committed to expanding its charter to enable all our companies to provide integrated marketing solutions to their ClientsÕ needs.
The acquisition in November of Deutsch,
Inc., brings one of the most highly regarded U.S. advertising and integrated marketing communications agencies into The Interpublic Group. Deutsch had 2000 billings of more than $1.5 billion, quadrupling in size over
the last three years to become the nineteenth largest agency overall in the United States.
Deutsch shares our goal of offering a broad range of the highest-quality marketing communications capabilities and top-level strategic and creative services. In addition to
its traditional advertising capability, it includes operations in sales promotion, direct marketing,
public relations, event marketing, online communications and urban/youth marketing.
In April, Interpublic made its first major foray into marketing research through the acquisition of NFO WorldGroup, one of the worldÕs leading providers of research-based marketing information and counsel. With global reach, a blue-chip Client base and broad range of diagnostic research products and services, NFOÕs services will also provide a feedback mechanism for InterpublicÕs advertising, marketing and PR professionals to measure the effectiveness of their work so that messages can be refined to reach their targets more precisely. Since the acquisition, weÕve already seen benefits from introducing NFOÕs services to a number of Interpublic Clients.
Jack Morton Worldwide, InterpublicÕs experiential events and meetings unit, was formed through the merger of The Jack Morton Company and
the Communications Group of Caribiner International. The successful acquisition of Caribiner and subsequent integration of these two innovative organizations has created the worldÕs largest company in this fast-growing specialized marketing services capability.
In the specialty of recruitment advertising, Interpublic acquired Nationwide Advertising Service, a leading agency in this field. NAS serves over 4,000 corporate Clients throughout the U.S.
McCann-Erickson WorldGroup continued to lead the advertising industry in 2000, with another year of outstanding growth and new business results, along with unprecedented levels of industry recognition, including AdweekÕs Òglobal agency of the yearÓ for an extraordinary third year in a row.
For the fifth straight year, McCann won more than $1 billion in net new billings, including at least three U.S. accounts in the $100+ million range. It also added a growing number of new worldwide Clients from outside the United States to its list of global Clients Ð already the industryÕs most extensive.
McCann also installed new top management last year, naming Jim Heekin as Chairman and CEO of McCann-Erickson WorldGroup, the overall multi-unit global marketing communications organization, as well as of McCann-Erickson Advertising Worldwide.
Following the late 1999 consolidation of
Lowe and Lintas into Lowe Lintas & Partners Worldwide, we saw, in 2000, their emergence into a powerful new agency brand, with a strong management team, superior creative product and the clout of the fourth-largest global agency group in the world. Their recent recognition
as U.K. and European Òagency of the yearÓ is a testimony to their success.
InterpublicÕs other operating units also reported strong growth. Two of our public relations com- panies, Weber and Shandwick, combined to form Weber Shandwick Worldwide, now the worldÕs number one global public relations consultancy.
In just three years, Octagon, InterpublicÕs sports marketing capability, has come of age, fulfilling our goal to be a world leader in this discipline. OctagonÕs success illustrates the benefits of the cross-fertilization that Interpublic is fostering across its networks. It is now the second-largest sports marketing firm in the world, with
strong business lines in athlete representation, sponsorship, consulting, event management and ownership, motor sports and television
4
The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. > 2000

production and distribution. In 2000, Octagon benefited from closer integration of the Brands Hatch Group, acquired in 1999. It won a 15-year contract to run the British Grand Prix at Silverstone, one of the most famous and historic racing circuits, and acquired a significant interest in the German soccer club Eintracht Frankfurt. All of these developments offer considerable opportunities to generate additional business among InterpublicÕs Clients.
This year Interpublic appointed Sean Orr, EVP and CFO, and James Heekin, Chairman and CEO of McCann-Erickson WorldGroup, to the Board of Directors. And at yearÕs end, Interpublic seamlessly completed a nine-month transition period as John Dooner succeeded Phil Geier, who retired after more than 20 years as Chairman and CEO. John, a veteran of more than 25 years with Interpublic, was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of McCann-Erickson WorldGroup before being named President and Chief Operating Officer of Interpublic in March. Phil will continue his involvement with the company as Chairman Emeritus and as an advi- sor to the Interpublic Board.
Added to the new management team was Bruce Nelson, in the newly created position of Executive Vice President & Chief Marketing Officer. His role is to help shape our portfolio strategy and to posi- tion our current companies for higher growth. In addition, he will take on a strategic marketing role with our most senior major Clients.
PHILIP H. GEIER, JR.
Chairman Emeritus
The deliberate and carefully planned management transition is a metaphor for InterpublicÕs continuing evolution as a global leader in marketing communications,
having systematically grown our capabilities
in numerous non-advertising disciplines in response to ClientsÕ evolving marketing needs. This strategy enables us to provide Clients with more integrated solutions across our network, and to meet the challenge of building more powerful global brands. Our ever-evolving portfolio of tools and resources helps Clients better understand their customers and create more effective marketing solutions. We recognize that our future success will be determined by how well we are able to enhance the depth and quality of our global Client partnerships.
Both Interpublic and our Clients recognize that the nature of marketing is undergoing rapid change. Clients rely on us to be ahead of the curve, to be able to interpret the significance of change and its impact on their brands and on their customers. We are prepared to meet those changes with a new vision and a new vitality as embodied in our new generation of leadership, one grown from within the company and sharing its values.
As global brands become more dominant, brands themselves are taking on a new significance
to consumers. They are much more than just names. They are a part of peopleÕs lives, an element in their identities, and a springboard for building consumer relationships. Today
Interpublic offers Clients numerous options to maintain and enhance those relationships, bringing them ever closer to their customers in more meaningful ways.
The outlook for this industry, and particularly for Interpublic, is bright. Although there
have been reports of some cyclical softening in the advertising market, it is important to note that Interpublic is far more than a collection of advertising agencies, and far more resilient
as a result of our diversification.
In an era when many Clients may be re-evaluating their marketing strategies, Interpublic now has opportunities to offer
and sell other competencies and consulting services. We anticipate continued healthy growth in those specialized communications sectors that account for approximately half of our business. At Interpublic, our focus has always been on driving our ClientsÕ growth and providing the tools required to help them become smarter managers of their businesses.
In conclusion, we extend our thanks to all our employees throughout the world for their continuing efforts to drive InterpublicÕs outstanding achievements. And we gratefully acknowledge the loyalty of our shareholders, whose investment is a mark of confidence
in our vision.
JOHN J. DOONER, JR.
             2000 > The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.
5
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
