 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
There is no doubt that 2005 was a challenging year for our company.
It was also a year in which we set and accomplished a number of important goals — such as aggressively addressing financial controls, as well as shoring up our talent base, across most all of our major operating units. We believe that our success in these key areas, along with our ability to harness the power of our agency brands, will set the stage for a period of stabilization in 2006 and the achievement of our turnaround by 2008.
In January of last year, shortly after our Board of Directors mandated a new management team for the company, we alerted the market to the extent of material weaknesses in our company’s internal controls. At that time, we were clear that our top priority would be to come to grips with the shortcom- ings in our financial systems. This was a necessary step, not only to ensure the integrity of our financial results, but ultimately to break a recurring cycle of accounting errors that have hampered our company for the past few years.
I firmly believe that an incremental approach is not ade- quate to addressing such issues. We therefore undertook a comprehensive review process during much of the year, which saw us significantly expand internal management work and
external audit activity. This, in turn, led to the restatement we announced in September. Our review was also notable in that it reconciled the company’s past practices with the require- ments faced today by a major, publicly traded multinational.
The new level of transparency to which we have committed is appropriate so that investors can have confidence in our results going forward. The changes we are making will also allow you to better understand our company, track our per- formance and measure progress against our stated objectives. As was apparent from our 2005 results, we remain a work in progress.
2005 RESULTS
Revenue for the year decreased 1.8% to $6.27 billion. Organic revenue performance was down 0.7%, with a marginal drop in the United States and poor performance in continental Europe offset by strength in Latin America and the United Kingdom. Net divestitures had a negative impact of 1.7% on comparative year-to-year reported revenue results. This year, we will con- tinue to divest a number of businesses that are non-strategic, chronically unprofitable or would never be Sarbanes-Oxley compliant at reasonable cost. The impact of these divestitures, coupled with the effect of accounts lost during 2005, results in
A LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES   2005 ANNUAL REPORT 1

our estimate that the company entered 2006 with a revenue base of approximately $5.9 billion.
Salary and related expense increased 7.1% in 2005, to $4.0 billion. This reflects higher severance associated with streamlining certain operations and upgrading talent, the global hiring of finance staff to address weaknesses in the accounting and control environment, as well as increased headcount at certain units to support new business. Total severance for the full-year 2005 was $162.5 million, compared to $74.6 million in 2004.
Office and general expense also rose, to $2.3 billion, a 1.7% increase compared to the previous year. Adjusted for currency and the net effect of divestitures, office and general expenses increased 5.0%, reflecting a significant increase in professional fees related to the restatement process and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance efforts. Professional fees in 2005 totaled $332.8 million, compared to $238.0 million the previous year.
The effect of a challenged revenue line and extremely high transitional expenses was evident in our operating results. Full-year operating loss was $104.2 million, compared to a loss of $94.4 million in 2004. Net loss narrowed, from $558.2 mil- lion, or ($1.34) per diluted share a year ago, to $289.2 million, or ($0.68) per share, for 2005.
INVESTING IN OUR FUTURE
The costs associated with our accounting review and with putting quality financial management into place within many of our companies were significant. But, 2005 also saw us significantly strengthen our finance teams and processes, at the corporate level and within our operating units.
We made major progress in moving from a diffuse, opaque organization to one that is more cohesive and fully transpar- ent. The time and costs involved were undeniably large, but we are a better company for it.
Another equally vital investment took place on the talent front. Ours has always been an industry in which talent is a key differentiator. As the media and marketing landscape becomes more complex and cluttered every day, creativity and innova- tion are becoming even more important. Yet the acquisition strategy that Interpublic pursued in the late 1990s and the period of uncertainty that followed were not conducive to attracting or developing the industry’s best people. At many of our agencies, new talent was required to bring the professional offerings to the level clients demand today. At others, we
needed new talent to bring a spark, or new direction, to troubled operations.
This is why the second key priority I set for the organiza- tion last year was to significantly upgrade both strength and depth at the top levels of our operating units and at corporate. Although this also required investment, as apparent in our high severance costs, I am pleased to say that improving our talent base is another area in which we made substantial progress in 2005.
There is a newly-configured senior management team at the corporate center. We made major upgrades across McCann and at its marketing services companies. We also have new senior leadership at our media operations, as well as through- out fcb and Lowe. All of these are key investments in our brands and, ultimately, in our ability to grow the top line of our business — which will be vital for us to achieve our turnaround.
Early returns on these investments have been encouraging. As previously indicated, we enter 2006 working against a headwind from past client losses. But recent developments demonstrate that we are very much back in the game when it comes to pursuing and winning business, from both existing and new clients. The success our agency brands continue to have in the marketplace is testament to the strength of the management teams we now have in place at these operating units. It also speaks to their ability to put together the right combination of talent, capabilities, strategic insight and crea- tivity so as to deliver results for clients — and for Interpublic.
LOOKING FORWARD
During 2005, we made significant progress in clearing away historical problems and laying a solid foundation for future growth.
We successfully got up-to-date with our financial filings and improved both our financial leadership and reporting processes. We stayed true to our conservative approach to financial management, which is appropriate given the early stage at which we find ourselves in our recovery. We continued to attract top talent into the company, across many of our operating units. And we have a new management team at the corporate center.
This team brings a new commitment to breaking down operating silos and adopting an ‘‘open architecture’’ model. This will enhance our ability to meet clients’ market-
 2 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
 
ing needs by allowing us to use all our resources — regardless of where they reside within the company — to provide seam- less, integrated business solutions. Our new management is also fully focused on integrity and transparency, which are vital for a professional services firm seeking to build more open and higher-value partnerships with clients in a fast- changing consumer and media environment.
As we look forward, we will be working to deliver on what I call ‘‘the 21st century service contract.’’ Clients are increas- ingly telling agencies that they must move beyond a business- as-usual approach to marketing services. That all of our companies must deliver programs which reach the empowered consumer, embrace digital forms of communication, quantify return on investment and share in accountability for results.
For Interpublic, these trends represent a significant oppor-
tunity. We have all of the assets necessary to win in the evolving marketplace — including strong global agency net- works, exceptional public relations, one-to-one and digital
marketing agencies and unique offerings in events, sports and entertainment marketing.
The steps we took last year to place Interpublic on solid footing, combined with our strong agency brands and a major infusion of talent, position us to once again become a recog- nized leader in marketing services. This, in turn, will allow us to convert our renewed competitive vitality into enhanced shareholder value.
Sincerely,
Michael I. Roth
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES   2005 ANNUAL REPORT 3
