 A LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
After two years of very strong organic revenue growth, our company entered 2012 faced with challenging top line comparisons, which were exacerbated by the impact of client turnover in 2011. Despite these obstacles, we posted organic growth for the year. We managed costs effectively, maintained our highest level of profitability in a decade, and continued to use the strength of our balance sheet to create significant shareholder value.
While many factors accounted for this performance, our achievements ultimately stem from the exceptional work done at so many of our agencies around the world. Against the background of uneven global markets and a rapidly changing media environment, our people once again delivered outstanding marketing solutions for our clients across all communication channels, platforms and touchpoints. Our agencies also demonstrated an ability to control expenses with an eye on protecting margins. As we move into a new year, the group has shown improved performance in terms of client retention and new business, which has positioned our company well for significant progress going forward.
PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW
In 2012, our organic growth was 0.7% and operating margin was 9.8%. Our diluted earnings per share were $0.82 for the year, compared to $0.76 in 2011, which represents an increase of 8%. In both periods, this comparison excludes the benefits from the sales of our holdings in Facebook. Our total shareholder return for the year was 16%, in line with that of the S&P 500 market index, while over the past three years, we produced total shareholder return performance well in excess of the market’s.
Internationally, in 2012 we had an organic revenue increase of 3.8%, driven by both increased spending from existing clients and new business won in high-growth geographic markets. Last year, our operations in AsiaPac grew by 11.4% organically. Our consistent growth in AsiaPac over the past few years has now made it our largest region outside the U.S., surpassing Continental Europe. We completed another strong year in the LatAm region as well, with 8.6% organic growth.
In the dynamic marketing services sector, we once again saw robust performance at our Constituency Management Group (CMG), which grew by 8.2% organically. This growth reflects strong results across all disciplines, including public relations, sports marketing, experiential marketing and corporate identity. This group continues to deliver an attractive mix of high levels of creativity, consumer engagement and digitally-enabled solutions for our clients.
We also continued to have success with our digital offerings, which are embedded in the services of all of our global networks and integrated domestic agencies, and also available through our highly recognized digital specialists, such as R/GA, Huge and MRM.
Turning to expenses, 2012 results reflect our ability to respond to a volatile economy and our revenue headwinds by closely managing costs. This included the alignment of incentives to the reality of our performance. For the full year, operating expenses increased by only 0.5% organically, a testament to our strong control of the business.
We continued to be very active in using the strength of our balance sheet to enhance our credit profile and create value for shareholders. For the year, we delivered strong return of capital programs, with over $450 million returned to our owners in the form of share repurchases and dividends. In addition, we were
THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2012 ANNUAL REPORT 1
 
opportunistic in the capital markets with the issuance of $800 million of debt in November at the lowest rates in IPG history, which will be used to replace higher cost debt in 2013.
Looking back over the past two years, we’ve put nearly $1 billion to work for shareholders in dividends and the repurchase of 75 million common shares. We’ve also retired an additional 33 million dilutive share equivalents in convertible debt. In early 2013, our Board approved a 25% increase to our quarterly dividend and authorized further share repurchases of $500 million. These decisions reflect our confidence in the operating trajectory of our business and our belief that IPG’s financial strength positions us to return value to shareholders, as well as invest in the strategic and operating needs of our agencies.
GROWTH PRIORITIES
We live in a world where consumers are “always on”, devices are all connected and new technologies enter the market at an ever-increasing pace. Across the globe, economies and cultures have never been more closely linked. And the amount of data available that measures and quantifies media usage and commercial activity is seemingly infinite. This rising tide of complexity represents real opportunity for the marketing services sector overall and Interpublic in particular. Our ability to stay ahead of these changes and quickly incorporate them into our offerings means we can further help our clients to navigate in this new landscape.
To ensure we stay on the leading edge, we will continue to invest in tools such as the IPG Emerging Media Lab, a place where our clients can experience the ever-evolving ways consumers engage with brands and uncover actionable insights from multiple data streams. We’ll continue to expand our relationships with a wide range of early-stage partner companies like Kiip, the mobile rewards network in which we took a stake this past year. And, we’ll keep growing our capabilities in high- growth sectors such as shopper marketing, by investing organically as well as acquiring best-in-class companies like ChaseDesign, as we did in 2012.
We will also stay focused on growing our global operations in the most promising emerging markets. We’re actively developing our operations in the BRICs and other fast-growth economies, particularly in Africa, Southeast Asia, Eastern Europe, Latin America and the Middle East. M&A activity in 2012 saw us close 12 acquisitions in critical disciplines such as digital, healthcare, social and mobile marketing. In the first quarter of 2013, IPG acquired Interactive Avenues, one of the largest independent digital agencies in India.
All of these investments serve a common purpose: to deepen our ability to deliver the most creative and effective work in all markets, across all consumer touchpoints, for our clients.
OUTSTANDING AGENCY PORTFOLIO
Our industry has seen old distinctions between digital and traditional agencies fall away as our capabilities evolve to better capitalize on the rapid changes taking place in the media and consumer environment. The strength of our capabilities across the portfolio reflects our long-standing strategy that digital must be at the core of every one of our agencies – whether at stand-alone digital specialists such as R/GA, MRM and Huge, within our global advertising networks, at our marketing services companies, at our integrated US independents, or within our full range of media advisory and investment providers.
In 2012, Mediabrands continued to operate at a very high level, demonstrating that the new media model we introduced five years ago continues to evolve ahead of the marketplace. Both UM and Initiative are strong brands, and the early indicators are that our recently-created third network, BPN, is gaining traction and opportunities for growth. The emerging media capabilities at Mediabrands, such as our automated trading desk, social and mobile offerings and Orion Holdings are posting growth as they expand further into international markets.
As noted previously, our focus on marketing services is also being rewarded, as CMG posted strong performance for the year. Across the disciplines, major brands such as Weber Shandwick, Golin Harris and DeVries in PR, Octagon in sports marketing, Jack Morton in experiential marketing and FutureBrand in strategic branding and design are all growing share in their respective areas of expertise and showing great progress in building on their digital talent base.
Our U.S. independent integrated agencies are also exceptionally strong. They include Hill Holliday, Mullen, The Martin Agency and Deutsch, which works with Lowe internationally. The caliber of this group was highlighted by the recent announcement of Ad Age’s “A-List” of the industry’s top ten agencies. R/GA, Mullen and Deutsch were on the list, as was Lowe, whose Columbian operation, Lowe SSP3, was named International Agency of the Year.
Our ability to combine all forms of communications into highly creative and effective integrated marketing solutions was also evident in our performance at Cannes, the industry’s premier awards competition, where Interpublic agencies earned two of only five Titanium Lions awarded globally. This trophy recognizes work that “causes the industry to stop in its tracks and reconsider the way forward” and we were proud to see R/GA and Lowe bring home this outstanding honor. Lowe also continued to grow with its largest clients and win sizeable accounts in key growth markets such as Brazil and India, further improving its standing as one of the industry’s most creative global networks.
At McCann, we made an important and necessary management transition to a successful long-time leader from within IPG, Harris Diamond, supported by two outstanding advertising executives, Luca Lindner and Gustavo Martinez, who
2 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
 
joined him in a newly created Office of the Chairman. The team has been well received by clients and other key constituents, as well as internally. They’ve begun to add talent in key areas and, in 2013, we believe that the company is on the right footing to deliver growth and enhanced profitability with increased business from one of the world’s largest marketers. As this report goes to press, McCann New York was named the Agency of the Year and McCann Madrid likewise was recognized for its outstanding work at the 2013 Annual Art Directors Club Awards Festival.
Draftfcb delivered on its profitability goals despite cycling through a number of account losses. The challenge for the organization is to take its fully integrated model and combination of art and science to the next level. Upgrades in key creative roles domestically over the past year and a closer alignment with Mediabrands announced in early 2013 have already made a difference in this regard. Additionally, we worked with agency management to recruit the next leader for this key network, and in early 2013 were pleased to welcome Carter Murray, an experienced globalist and dynamic creative network leader, as Draftfcb’s new global CEO.
TAKING OWNERSHIP AND RESPONSIBILITY
As a company that creates many of the world’s most iconic advertising and marketing campaigns, we have a responsibility to make sure the messages we communicate and how we deliver them are in sync with a consumer landscape in which transparency, authenticity and relevance are more important than ever. We also seek to align the work we do with the long-term interests of the communities in which we operate. Corporate social responsibility in all of its forms – environmental sustainability, a socially responsible workplace and good corporate citizenship – is an important part of the way we do business. It yields better strategic insights, drives a higher level of growth and creativity and is a key retention tool for our best talent.
For some time now, we have made Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) a key component of our corporate citizenship and a differentiator for our company. Understanding that diverse teams are more creative and productive, and that our workforce must reflect the ever-changing consumer base with which we must engage, we have committed to being among the world’s most inclusive companies. We have tied senior-level compensation to our diversity goals and instituted a cross-agency CEO diversity council. Our D&I group provides mentoring opportunities as well as internships with a host of organizations that help us recruit and promote diverse talent. Since we began our formal D&I programs in 2005, IPG has seen an improvement of more than 20% within every ethnic/race group in the “Officials and Managers” category in our EEOC workforce numbers.
We also see sustainability as a business imperative, given that efficiently managed resources drive employee innovation as well as financial profitability. Our sustainability policy outlines
areas where we can make the greatest impact – energy usage, recycling, travel and green building practices. We have made great strides in these areas as well, with a 23% reduction in square foot per employee from 2004 to 2012, a furniture recycling program that has saved the company $3.0 million from 2007 to 2012 and a 12% reduction in power consumption in our IT operations when IPG centralized data centers starting in 2008.
Our corporate citizenship program is multifaceted and includes traditional cash donations, employee volunteerism and pro bono work, as well as senior leadership involvement on not- for-profit boards. Examples of the work we have done include a promotional campaign supporting the education of girls in developing countries; an initiative that helps women in Africa establish their own businesses; a celebrity PSA campaign to help raise funds for rebuilding in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy, as well as many others. A special section of our website, entitled IPG Gives Back, is devoted to our efforts to use the professional skills and talent across our company to make the most impact in the service of worthwhile causes. We encourage you to visit www.interpublic.com/about/gives-back for more information.
LOOKING FORWARD
This is an exciting time to be active in our industry. Despite a macro business environment that remains uncertain in many world markets, the opportunity for us remains significant. We enter 2013 in a stronger position with respect to account retention and new business activity. Our pipeline is strong, with opportunities from existing clients, as well as new client pitches.
We have fully competitive offerings across the portfolio, with particular focus on high growth markets, dynamic capabilities like marketing services and strong digital expertise across the group. We’ve consistently demonstrated the ability to manage to margins, in both robust and more challenging economic circumstances. And we have a strong balance sheet that we will continue to put to work on behalf of our owners through capital return programs.
This combination of outstanding talent in the service of our clients, operating discipline and strong financial fundamentals position us well to deliver growth and enhanced shareholder value in 2013 and the years to come.
As always, thank you for your support. Sincerely,
Michael I. Roth
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES
2012 ANNUAL REPORT 3
