 To Our Shareholders:
In 2014, Interpublic delivered a very successful year, in which we saw significant accomplishments in terms of our performance in the marketplace and our financial results.
We strengthened our capital structure and built on our capital return programs, while also further enhancing the competitiveness of our offerings – with particular emphasis on digital and creative talent and capabilities – as well as our increasingly differentiating ability to deliver custom, integrated solutions that meet the needs of our clients.
It’s gratifying to note that these efforts led to another year of industry-leading total shareholder returns.
2014 in Review
Strong performance from across the group, in terms of the quality of our work and the thinking we deliver to our clients, drove results that were ahead of the targets we set at the outset of the year.
As reported, revenues were up 5.8% to $7.54 billion.
Our performance was fueled by new business wins as
well as our ability to deliver superior work for established clients, many of who awarded us new assignments, which is the ultimate expression of their trust. This level of growth, coupled with disciplined cost management, resulted in margin expansion of 120 basis points to 10.5%. Operating income of $788.4 million was a significant increase from the prior year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share1 grew by 26%.
The competitiveness of our agencies and the high quality of our offerings is what continued to drive this strong performance. In terms of industry recognition and honors, 2014 was another outstanding year for Interpublic. Our agencies won top industry honors across nearly every marketing discipline, including digital, PR, media and creative. Collectively, our agencies fared well on the new business front, winning major assignments around the world, from client sectors including auto, consumer goods, financial services, food and beverage, as well as technology and telecommunications.
1 See full reconciliations of adjusted diluted earnings per share included in our Annual Report.
A LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
 Operational Highlights
Achieved revenues of $7.54 billion, compared to $7.12 billion in 2013, while reporting operating income of $788 million and diluted earnings per share of $1.12, with adjusted diluted earnings per share1 rising 26%.
Further expanded operating margin to 10.5% for 2014, an increase of 120 basis points over the prior year.
Delivered organic revenue growth of 5.5%, at the top end of the industry, reflecting contributions from advertising, public relations, media and especially strong growth from embedded digital services.
Announced further increase in dividends of 26% for 2015 and authorized an additional $300 million for share repurchases; since re-initiating our capital returns programs in 2011, we’ve returned over $2.0 billion to our owners and reduced outstanding shares by over 25%.
Posted industry-leading total shareholder returns on a one-, two-, three-, four- and five-year basis through the end of 2014, with total shareholder return of 207% over the five-year period.
     THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2014 ANNUAL REPORT 1
 
Strategic Direction
Our results in 2014 reflect the success of a clearly defined long-term strategic plan, backed by investments in the resources required to support clients in the evolving marketing landscape. This foundational work has sharpened our competitive edge and is what will allow us to deliver on the promise of accountable and integrated marketing communications as we move forward.
The following represent key ongoing strategic priorities:
Investment in talent, particularly creative, strategic and digital
Growing our strong digital capabilities across all emerging channels
Delivering innovative media solutions, both in traditional and automated digital markets Investment in emerging geographic regions
Total focus on client needs, including custom, integrated marketing programs
These areas of focus, combined with our world-class agency brands and deep client relationships, are keeping our company ahead of a shifting media landscape. This is what’s required to succeed in the face of the disruption caused by technology, coupled with changing demographics and consumer behavior.
In a world of fragmented media, technological change and consumer data proliferation, the need for truly integrated marketing services will only become more prevalent. An increasingly differentiating aspect of our company is our utilization of “open architecture” solutions that integrate the best talent from throughout the organization to fulfill the needs of our clients. Our ability to craft customized, integrated offerings has been vital to our performance and will continue to be an important driver of future success. In 2014, we won the largest integrated consolidation pitch in the industry against a number of our key competitors, as well as a major consolidation with one of Latin America’s largest and most respected companies.
Premier Agency Brands
We are fortunate to count a number of the industry’s leading agencies in our portfolio.
Highlights of 2014 performance included solid progress at both McCann Worldgroup and FCB, further
market share growth at our best-in-class PR and sports marketing agencies within CMG, and strong financial performance from our media operations. We continue to see dynamic growth from our digital specialist agencies and within the embedded digital capabilities across the group. We also posted strong performance in emerging international markets, particularly in Asia and Latin America, on top of outstanding growth in
recent years.
I believe it’s fair to say that the quality of our offerings is at its highest level in at least a decade. During 2014, this was evident in the recognition we received at leading creative and effectiveness competitions, in every marketing discipline. We once again excelled at Cannes, where McCann kept up its strong recent momentum, FCB posted its best-ever performance and Lowe also showed well. We also performed strongly at Effies competitions around the world.
On Advertising Age’s prestigious “A-List”, IPG agencies enjoyed the strongest showing of any holding company. R/GA was the #1 ranked agency of 2014, becoming the first digital agency so honored. Deutsch and Weber Shandwick were also named among the industry’s top four agencies in terms of innovation, quality of work and success with clients and in new business. Mullen and Huge were cited on the list of “agency standouts” just outside the top ten, as was Lowe Lintas India among international agencies.
     2 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
 
Overall, 2014 was a strong year for McCann Worldgroup, with a range of new client wins and outstanding work for existing multinationals. McCann, MRM//McCann and Momentum continue to be attractive destinations for top talent and the group is increasingly delivering on its promise of integrated communications.
FCB continues to improve performance, attract strong new talent and grow in standing with multinational clients, which awarded them new assignments for additional corporate brands across major markets. FCB Health continues to shine and to receive our support to build on their success.
Progress continued at CMG, led by the outstanding team at Weber Shandwick. Their evolution into a digital and strategic leader across all disciplines has been remarkable. Golin is following suit, and the performance at Octagon reflects the shifts they are making to transform the passion points of sports and entertainment into powerful drivers of consumer engagement. The integration into Jack Morton of Genuine, a leading digital shop acquired at mid-year, will be important to that agency’s evolution.
Lowe and Partners’ capabilities as a creative powerhouse with expertise in emerging markets remain evident in the very strong relationship it enjoys with Unilever. We continue to look for ways to bolster Lowe’s presence in the U.S. market, which is fundamental to sourcing large multinationals for the global network.
Since its launch in 2007, IPG Mediabrands has delivered strong growth and for 2014 was named Mediapost’s “Media Holding Company of the Year” for the second consecutive year. IPG Mediabrands continues to deliver a full range of leading-edge traditional and digital capabilities, such as Cadreon, Reprise and Ansible, as well as strong specialist assets such as Orion, ID Media and our out-of-home offering, Rapport.
Demand for our digital marketing services continues to evolve rapidly. In order to meet this need and provide high-value resources to clients, we have focused on embedding digital talent and technology throughout the organization. This reflects our belief that digital marketing should be integrated within all of our companies. We continue to invest in recruiting and developing digital expertise at all our agencies and in all marketing disciplines.
R/GA continued to lead the industry in terms of digital innovation. Huge also had a very strong year and has established itself as one of our industry’s most dynamic digital agencies. MRM//McCann continued to post strong growth and build its global network, leveraging data to drive performance for their clients. A full range of exceptional digital capabilities is also what sets apart Mullen and Deutsch. With The Martin Agency and Hill Holliday, this gives us a strong portfolio of integrated agencies that are thriving and can win business on their own, as well as take part in our customized, multi-agency client solutions.
Corporate Citizenship: Making IPG Stronger
Interpublic’s role as a corporate citizen is central to our company’s culture. In today’s world, we understand that building our business practices in line with social and environmental considerations is a business mandate. This strategic approach to corporate social responsibility, as well as diversity and inclusion, drives growth, enhances creativity, and plays an important role as a retention tool for our best talent. As a company that creates many of the world’s most iconic marketing campaigns, we also understand the need to ensure that our clients’ messaging remains in sync with the long-term health of the communities in which we operate.
For over a decade now, diversity and inclusion (D&I) has been a top priority for IPG. We understand that having a workforce that reflects our consumer base heightens our ability to create modern marketing solutions that resonate with consumers and move the needle on our clients’ businesses.
We continue to foster and encourage programs that promote diversity. We were the first and remain the only company in our peer group to directly tie senior-level compensation to our diversity goals. We’ve also instituted a cross-agency CEO diversity council, provide mentoring and internship programs as well as partner with a wide array of organizations that help us recruit and promote diverse talent.
THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2014 ANNUAL REPORT 3
 
Since we began our formal D&I programs in 2005, IPG’s workforce demographics have changed dramatically. Within our workforce across our U.S. agencies, we have reported the following changes in our filings with the EEOC since 2005 at the management level: 15% increase in women; 47% increase in African Americans; 52% increase in Hispanic Americans; and 85% increase in Asian Americans.
Sustainability – building our business practices in line with environmental concerns – is a significant opportunity for our company as we efficiently manage resources while driving employee innovation and profitability. This past year, we have taken steps to solidify and strengthen our commitment to sustainability, at both the corporate and agency level, primarily through internal communications initiatives. We also committed to bringing our sustainability reporting practices into compliance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).
Our corporate sustainability policy outlines areas of focus where we can have the greatest impact in terms of environmental responsibility – energy usage, recycling, travel and green building practices. We continue to make strides in these areas, with a 31% reduction in square foot per employee during the last decade and a 66% reduction in power consumption in our central IT operations since 2008.
Our commitment to our communities also includes employee volunteerism, broad-based pro bono work, as well as traditional cash donations and management commitment to not-for-profit leadership. From providing pollution-free food to the economically disadvantaged, to recycling laundry water in disaster-stricken communities, to demobilizing guerillas in the jungles of Colombia, IPG’s community involvement is having a positive impact in the places where our employees and our clients live and work.
Looking Forward
As we turn the page on 2014, our people around the world deserve recognition for their dedication and their talent, which drove the company’s strong performance. The dynamic shifts we are witnessing in the marketing and technology represent further opportunity for our industry and for us, because Interpublic’s value proposition is highly relevant in the current complex consumer and media environment.
Despite a range of geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions around the world, the overall tone of business remained solid as we entered 2015. Coupled with the strength of our offerings, we believe this establishes a foundation for continued organic revenue growth at our company. We are therefore targeting 3% - 4% organic growth for the year. In line with this level of growth, and in order to build on the strong progress we made during 2014 in improving profitability, our 2015 target is for an additional 80 - 100 basis points of operating margin improvement, continuing on our long-term path of margin expansion.
Combined with our strong financial resources, this should put us in position to continue to enhance shareholder value in 2015 and the years to come.
As always, we thank you for your support. Sincerely,
Michael I. Roth
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 4 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
 