 A LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
This past year, we posted outstanding organic revenue growth, significantly improved profitability and delivered a 147% increase in diluted earnings per share.
Coming off a brutal recession that had dramatically impacted the global economy and our industry, we entered 2010 uncertain as to the strength of a recovery. Our focus was therefore on managing costs closely and our stated aim was to resume significant margin expansion if we saw consumer and client confidence return and marketing activity increase commensurately.
As the economy strengthened, we were able to capitalize on the macro environment and deliver improvements in both top and bottom line results that were among the best in our peer group. This was largely due to strategic decisions taken by management in recent years, specifically the re-positioning of certain of our agency offerings, as well as investments in the key areas of talent, digital expertise and emerging market capabilities. Contributions to our performance came from a very broad cross-section of the portfolio.
Today, IPG has best-in-class offerings across the marketing spectrum. By greatly increasing the level of digital talent that is active throughout our organization and embedding technology expertise at the core of all our agencies, we find ourselves in a strong position from which to help clients navigate an increasingly complex and fragmented media environment — whether in the U.S., or in fast-growth regions such as Asia, Latin America and the Middle East.
Remaining close to our clients and staying focused on meeting their changing needs was vital in helping us to weather the storm in 2009 and get back on such a positive track last year. The sound financial foundation we put in place at IPG during the turnaround and our commitment to a conservative balance sheet also contributed to our results.
During 2010, we significantly improved liquidity and cash flow, continued to deleverage and improved our credit profile and capital structure. We also demonstrated the degree to which we’ve instilled financial discipline into the organization by converting revenue gains into profit more efficiently than any of our competitors.
As a result of these factors, we once again drove outstanding share price performance. Total shareholder return was 44%, leading our sector, approximately twice that of the media industry average and nearly three times that of the S&P 500.
OVERVIEW OF RESULTS
For the year, organic revenue growth was 7.0% compared to 2009, driven by increased spending from existing clients and new client wins. Operating margin of 8.4% represented a significant recovery of 270 basis points compared to the previous year — putting us back on the trajectory of dramatic margin improvement that we had established from 2006 to 2008. On revenues of $6.5 billion, 2010 operating profit increased to $548.7 million, an improvement of over 60% from the previous year. Earnings per diluted share were $0.47, more than double the 2009 diluted EPS of $0.19.
Other financial highlights included strong cash generation, with operating cash flow for the year of $817 million. We effectively utilized over $180 million in tax loss carry-forwards; this is an area that should continue to be a strong driver of value for us going forward. Our continued focus on global sourcing and procurement, as well as aggressive management of our real estate function, delivered significant cost savings.
During 2010, we remained very active and successful in managing our capital structure. Our amended credit facility
THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2010 ANNUAL REPORT 1
 
increased available liquidity with an extended maturity and, by means of its less restrictive covenants, enhanced our ability to put cash to work for shareholders. The repurchase of approximately $300 million of convertible preferred shares will not only save us money, but at the same time remove potential future dilution. As a result of these developments and our strong operating results, all three of the leading credit rating agencies upgraded Interpublic during the course of the year — Moody’s by one notch, S&P by two and Fitch by two, to investment grade.
All of these factors contributed to a 2010 share price increase that was among the best in Interpublic’s long history — on the heels of equally strong performance against this important metric in 2009. Since driving shareholder value is central to our success, this result was particularly gratifying.
AN OUTSTANDING PORTFOLIO OF AGENCIES
Our performance is testament to the strength of our agencies, their people and their professional offerings — particularly in growth areas such as digital, marketing services and emerging economies. The highly competitive organic revenue growth we posted last year is the best indicator that we are building a terrific talent base and that our strategic decisions and investments in people continue to drive results.
In 2010, Mediabrands delivered outstanding performance. The group’s highly collaborative and forward-thinking approach to media and marketing solutions fueled significant new business wins and continued industry recognition. In January of this year, we promoted from within for the CEO roles at both Mediabrands and UM. Along with the strong leadership in place at Initiative, these moves should ensure the strategic and management continuity required to build on the positive momentum at this dynamic unit.
Draftfcb was once again a major contributor to our success. Last year, the agency continued to grow revenue and deliver strong profitability. Their integrated model, which now features robust digital and shopper marketing capabilities, meets the evolving needs of clients in a world of increasingly fragmented, real-time marketing. Significant global new business wins were a further validation of that offering. New leadership in key markets such as Chicago, New York and Shanghai is focused on taking the agency’s performance to an even higher level.
The progress we have seen at Lowe in recent years continues to be an important part of the larger IPG story. The acquisition of DLKW in the U.K. will further accelerate Lowe’s progress. This move complements the strategic steps we’ve taken in recent years to create vital Lowe hub agencies in Brazil, India and the United States. We’re pleased with Lowe’s overall performance last year,
their strength in key developing markets and the competitiveness of their overall offering.
CMG, which includes our PR agencies and events and sports marketing specialists, keeps delivering industry-leading work and results. Over the course of 2010, as part of our long-standing strategy of integrating digital expertise within our agencies, Weber Shandwick, Golin Harris, Jack Morton and Octagon added significant digital talent and saw their digital capabilities recognized as among the best in their respective fields. We believe that our success in this regard will lead to continued organic growth and market share gains for the group as we move forward.
Among the digital specialty agencies, we have some of the world’s most innovative practitioners of interactive marketing in R/GA, HUGE and McCann’s MRM, all of which posted outstanding results last year. Performance at the integrated U.S. independents was also very strong, led by Mullen, The Martin Agency, Hill Holliday and Gotham.
At the Worldgroup, we successfully completed the senior management transition. The team there now includes new leadership in the creative area, digital, healthcare communications, strategic planning and the operational finance function. Together, they will drive the next stage of evolution for the industry’s most powerful set of marketing assets — by delivering integrated marketing solutions that help clients transform their brands and grow their businesses.
DIVERSITY AS A DIFFERENTIATOR
Over the course of 2010, we continued to devote significant resources to the full range of diversity and inclusion (D&I) programs that have been put into place across the organization. Over 15 major employee Business Resource Group (BRG) initiatives or events, spanning all dimensions of diversity, took place across eight U.S. cities. Additionally, our Women’s Leadership Network (WLN) launched in both Shanghai and Mumbai. We are proud that over 3,500 IPG agency and corporate center employees participated in BRG and WLN programs, which also included clients, leading personalities and executives from fields such as media, entertainment and the arts, as well as potential minority and women-owned business partners.
As a result of these efforts, we garnered a number of major honors. We are the only company in our industry to receive a perfect score in the HRC Corporate Equality Index two years running. The American Advertising Federation awarded us its Diversity Achievement Corporate Leader Award, for creating “senior management commitment and implementing successful organizational diversity programs across a corporation.” This is an
2 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
 
honor we don’t just compete with against our peer group, but against companies across all industries. The NY/NJ Minority Supplier Development Council gave us its Chairman’s Award, in recognition of initiatives that led to a greater than 20% increase in spending with minority and women-owned businesses.
Of course, the reasons we engage in D&I activity is to do what’s morally right and to create competitive advantage for ourselves and for our clients. The business case makes this a compelling corporate priority; when we survey our people, they clearly understand that we are serious about these efforts and that we intend to roll them out globally. But, in the end, the results are what count. Once again 2010 was a year in which we made demonstrable progress against our D&I goals.
For me, this will always remain an important personal commitment — though we have made good progress in recent years, there’s still much work to be done to ensure that our culture values and supports each employee for the unique background and perspective that they bring to our company.
READY FOR THE DIGITAL AGE
This is an incredibly exciting time to be in marketing. There have never been so many platforms at our disposal with which to engage consumers. Devices are not only proliferating, they’re becoming more interconnected every day. And while the new media make headlines and are changing the ways in which we must do business, television has become digital and will remain a major component of the marketing equation going forward. The challenge for us is to create solutions that deploy the right tools at just the right time in order to deliver marketplace results for our clients — and to do so around the world.
Globalization, media complexity and more addressable and accountable communications all represent opportunities for Interpublic. In a new world driven by digital convergence and accelerating technology, the role of marketing will grow. Clients will increasingly need higher value guidance and thinking. This can only come from communications experts across all disciplines who understand that, today, the consumer purchase journey has become a totally personalized experience.
The implications of this world of media convergence and consumer control are clear. There will continue to be a premium on great creative ideas that can engage and motivate, whether online or offline, at home, on the go, or in the retail environment. Getting the mix right, across bought, owned and earned media, will be vital to our success. This will require the kind of integrated teams that our “open architecture” model has been pioneering in recent years. Finally, the huge streams of data being generated by so many media channels will allow us to develop smarter insights
and strategies, identify and optimize audiences and build back-end analytics that lead to greater marketing accountability.
We are well positioned to thrive in this emerging reality. In recent years, we’ve turned around our company by investing in outstanding and energized leadership talent across Interpublic. We now have highly competitive digital offerings at all of our agencies, further enhanced by world-class specialist assets. We are demonstrating strength in key emerging markets and the ability to deliver customized and accountable client solutions.
Operationally, we’ve proven that we can significantly improve profitability and have begun to return capital to our owners. In February of 2011, our Board declared a cash dividend and common share repurchase program. These represent significant milestones for our company, which tangibly demonstrate the great progress we have made in recent years and our confidence that we can continue to move forward. At our “Investor Day” in March 2011, we set out a clear plan to achieve competitive margins and to use Interpublic’s significant cash generation capability to continue investing in the business and further enhance shareholder value.
As always, we’ll stay focused on delivering for our clients and investors by developing the best possible offerings and managing our company in a disciplined and proactive manner. We thank you for being a part of the Interpublic story to date and for your continued support as we continue to build on our recent success.
Sincerely,
Michael I. Roth
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES
2010 ANNUAL REPORT 3
