 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
It is gratifying to report to you that Interpublic continued to show real progress during the past 12 months — in terms of both the quality of our professional offerings and our operating performance.
Ultimately, the most important headline for 2007 was that we posted the strongest financial results the company has seen since the beginning of this decade. The talent we have added throughout our organization, the strategic decisions taken during the past year and a relentless focus on financial infrastructure continued to be key drivers of our turnaround.
OVERVIEW OF 2007 RESULTS
As a result of these actions, we saw a significant improvement in profitability, driven by organic revenue growth and improved cost control. The business was cash flow positive. Net income and earnings per share were at the highest levels that we have seen since 2000.
Organic revenue growth of 3.8% for the year demonstrated the increasingly competitive nature of our offerings. Performance was strong or improving across the portfolio and we saw client wins at a broad cross-section of our agencies. It’s worth noting that we brought the year in very close to the high end of the range of growth expectations that was in place for IPG going into 2007.
Operating margin of 5.3% compares very favorably to 2006. Net income applicable to common stockholders swung to $131.3 million in 2007 from a loss of $79.3 million a year ago and represents a dramatic improvement from the substantial losses the company posted in 2005 and prior years. Earnings per diluted share was $0.26.
We were also successful in completing the remediation of every one of the company’s 18 material control weaknesses and achieving compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley standards. This will allow us to further reduce external costs and concurrently focus more of our time and resources on improving profitability.
I am pleased to be in position to share this strong performance with you. The progress we made last year also gives us confidence that we can achieve our goals for the future.
POWERFUL RANGE OF BRANDS
ADDRESS THE EVOLVING NEEDS OF MARKETERS
The changes that are shaking up our industry are well documented. Media has become increasingly fragmented and complex. Individual consumers control how, when and why they interact with the messages we create. We’ve entered an era of technology-enabled marketing that is more addressable and accountable every day. In this evolving landscape, there is both
A LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2007 ANNUAL REPORT 1
 
risk and opportunity. Because marketers are looking to us for guidance as they seek to engage with prospective customers across countless channels in the digital world.
To deliver customized solutions that meet these evolving client needs, every one of our companies has begun to adapt by developing new tools, new structures and a new model for the business. As a result, we believe that our portfolio of powerful brands will continue to play an important part in the conversation between marketers and consumers.
McCann Worldgroup remains a force to be reckoned with among the global, full-service marketing networks that partner with major multinationals. The investments in talent that we have made at McCann, Momentum and MRM during the past few years have helped take each of these agencies’ game to the highest level. Their ability to deliver integrated programs, which often include other IPG marketing services companies, is second to none. This was evident in the Worldgroup’s financial and new business results in 2007.
Marketing services is a high growth sector of our business and we have world-class capabilities in areas such as public relations, experiential marketing, branding and design, as well as sports marketing. The companies in our CMG group — Weber Shandwick, Golin Harris, Jack Morton, FutureBrand and Octagon — also distinguished themselves last year.
During 2007, the merger of Draft and FCB was completed with minimal client loss due to conflict. The agency rolled up its sleeves and rolled out its innovative new model around the world. This new approach combines the accountability of behavior-based marketing with the creativity of traditional advertising, under a unified leadership team and P&L. We are seeing Draftfcb’s offering gain traction in the marketplace and believe the agency is poised for success in 2008 and beyond.
Similarly, we see Lowe showing clear signs of progress. Its “High Value Ideas” positioning draws on the agency’s strong creative heritage and a powerful new strategic process, as well as a geographic focus on a dozen key world markets. As a result, Lowe has begun to reclaim significant share with its largest clients and compete effectively for new business.
The implementation and evolution of the aligned media strategy introduced at the end of 2006 contributed to dramatically improved performance at our media agencies in 2007. Both Initiative and Universal McCann won major accounts in fiercely contested reviews and also posted very positive financial results. Strong leadership and investment behind communications planning and digital competencies will further elevate the quality of our media product.
HIGH GROWTH COMPETENCIES AND MARKETS
Our increased focus on emerging digital media has led us to determine that, going forward, digital expertise must be embedded within each of our companies. This includes the major global networks, their aligned media partners and our U.S. independents, which provide total communications solutions to their clients and showed very strong performance in 2007.
Digital know-how is also being incorporated at our marketing services companies, which are combining their core competency with extensions in areas such as social networking, the creation and management of digital assets, targeted mobile marketing and digital analytic capabilities. Of course, we will also continue to support and develop leading-edge specialist digital capabilities such as R/GA, to build alliances with technology companies such as Facebook and Joost, and to deliver thought leadership in digital marketing with initiatives such as our Emerging Media Lab.
In 2007, we took significant steps to cement our leadership position in India by acquiring the remaining stakes in both Lowe Lintas and FCB Ulka. Both are outstanding agencies and long-time Interpublic partners who bring our clients great insight and creativity across the full range of marketing disciplines.
Going forward, we will remain focused on the important BRIC markets, the Middle East and on digital. Targeted M&A activity, coupled with continued investment in talent, should help us to both meet the needs of our clients and capitalize on the attractive growth rates in these emerging areas of the business.
A TURNAROUND IN PROGRESS
Our turnaround efforts began in 2005, when our company was losing money and market share. We lacked the clear and compelling direction that we have today. Our control environment was seriously compromised. Yet, instead of applying superficial solutions to what were fundamental problems, we chose to address our issues with seriousness and purpose. First, we aggressively attacked weak financial controls. Although this carried extremely high short-term costs and put our company in the spotlight, it was the only way to truly fix a very serious situation and ensure the company’s long-term viability. At the same time, we did not shy away from investing in our talent base, so as to re-invigorate the offerings at many of our agencies.
Entering 2006, we continued with these efforts and began to see the early results, as both organic revenue growth and operating margin moved into slightly positive territory. We took action to improve the company’s capital structure and enhance our financial flexibility. The cost of moving toward Sarbanes-Oxley compliance
2 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES 2007 ANNUAL REPORT
 
remained painfully high, but we pressed on and chose to elevate the company’s business practices, governance and disclosure to the highest level of transparency. We also reiterated our commitment, and continued to invest behind efforts aimed at improving diversity and inclusion across our company.
As we headed into 2007, we focused on strategic solutions for our most vulnerable units. Some of these have involved new agency models that make our offerings responsive to the evolving realities of increasingly digital, integrated and accountable marketing. We resumed M&A activity in high-growth areas and geographies. And we prepared to make operational cost discipline a top priority, in anticipation of SOX compliance.
We have come very far in a very short time. Our internal control challenges are now behind us. We have attracted and developed top talent and have provided our agency leaders with the resources required to build strong operating brands. We’ve been successful in transitioning the company from a focus on stabilization to a resumption of growth.
The swing in profitability and organic revenue growth that we have achieved from 2005 to 2007 is dramatic, and all the more remarkable given the magnitude of the other issues Interpublic has had to confront, as well as the inherently volatile nature of a professional services business.
LOOKING FORWARD
We are moving into 2008 with positive momentum. Our agencies have been winning in the new business arena and we remain committed to our plan, which calls for competitive organic revenue performance and operating margin in the range of eight and a half to nine percent in 2008.
Like our peers and every type of business at this juncture, we are monitoring the broader economic situation closely, both in the United States and internationally. Barring a significant, large-scale slowdown, we believe that our 2007 results and the strength and vitality of our agencies point to a future for IPG that is brighter than it has been for some time.
The progress we have made is a testament to the talent and dedication of our people, around the world. We thank them for their continued efforts in driving Interpublic forward. And we remain committed to doing our part to deliver on our goals — by staying focused on serving our clients, building on our top line progress and further addressing costs. That is what’s required to produce the kinds of results that will lead to enhanced shareholder value.
As always, we thank you for your support. Sincerely,
Michael I. Roth
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES
2007 ANNUAL REPORT 3
