 A LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
This past year was one that began the transformation of Interpublic. We set strategic priorities, achieved a number of them and put numerous legacy issues to rest. Most important, we stabilized the company and set it on a new course. We now move to the next step in the process of renewal: the pursuit of differentiation and sustainable growth.
The company’s challenges—so clearly evident a year ago— reflected past business actions shaped largely by the 1990s boom, as well as the continuing harsh economic environment for providers of marketing services.
Early on, the new management team stressed the need for a dramatic turnaround. An overhaul of our complex organiza- tional and financial structures was required. So was a move away from a reliance on acquisitions to a new culture based on organic growth, transparency and accountability. Most vital in the new marketing reality, we had to put in motion systemic changes that would enable our companies to better work together on behalf of clients. Ultimately, the situation called for a reassessment, perhaps even a reinvention, of our vision and our mission.
We didn’t shy away from telling you that this turnaround would require strong resolve—a commitment to stay the course
over a 24- to 36-month time frame, in order to restore Interpublic to its rightful place at the head of an industry we pioneered.
We pledged to you that we would move with speed to systematically work through and resolve Interpublic’s problems—and we have done so. We warned that our progress would not always be linear, though progress there would clearly be. Again, we did not disappoint. We’re not declaring victory by any means. But we are proud of how far we have come.
We detailed a road map for the first stage of the turn- around by clearly communicating the five key priorities against which to measure us. These were our abilities to: strengthen the balance sheet, bolster financial reliability and accountability, improve margins, boost organic growth, and recruit world-class talent into both the corporate center and our operating units.
Great strides were made related to each of these strategic priorities in 2003. Most telling of all were the changes in culture that began to emerge over the course of the year. Previous experience in turnaround situations has taught our management team that this type of change is the most powerful driver of potential success. We’re seeing collaboration as never before at Interpublic. We are seeing
THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES I 2003 ANNUAL REPORT 1

 IT IS MANAGEMENT’S RESPONSIBILITY TO MOVE THE COMPANY FORWARD THROUGH THE TURNAROUND PROCESS AS RAPIDLY AS POSSIBLE.
key executives and their companies become increasingly receptive to a culture of continuous improvement and accountability. These are important early indicators.
Before reviewing our accomplishments in the five priority areas and addressing matters that will have important implica- tions for the future of Interpublic, what follows is a review of the company’s financial results for the year just ended.
2003 RESULTS
On a reported basis, revenue for the year rose by 2.2% to $5.86 billion. This result reflected the benefit of foreign exchange on revenue earned outside of the United States. Removing the effects of currency, acquisitions and disposi- tions and other adjustments, the company’s organic revenue declined by 3.6% in 2003.
Salaries and related expenses grew by 3.0%, also reflective of the impact of currency translation. On a constant basis, salaries
and related expenses decreased 1.2% relative to 2002. Office and general expenses were also down, 0.3% on a reported basis and 9.3% on a constant basis. These declines were driven in large part by the restructuring program we announced in the second quarter and began to implement in the third quarter of 2003.
Restructuring charges for the year were $175.6 million. Operating margins in both the third and fourth quarters of last year benefited from the restructuring and other cost initiatives undertaken by management.
As part of its turnaround efforts, the company also took other actions that resulted in a number of charges. Long-lived asset impairment totaled $286.9 million, primarily reflecting the noncash write-down of assets in motor sports and sports marketing. Operating income was reduced by impairment and restructuring charges and amounted to $52.2 million for the year, compared to $359.0 million in 2002.
Additional actions related to the turnaround resulted in charges associated with the prepayment of debt, as well as
in investment impairment and litigation charges. Regrettably, the restructuring charges, nondeductible impairment charges and poor international performance that received little or no tax benefit led to a disproportionate tax provision that further impacted our results.
The net loss of $451.7 million for the year compared to income of $99.5 million in 2002. The resulting loss per share was $1.17, compared with earnings of $0.26 per share in 2002.
It is apparent that our results in 2003 were disappointing. It’s just as clear that they were complicated, due to write-downs, impairments and divestitures, as well as the restructuring and shut-downs of acquired businesses that negatively affected our growth. Much of this activity was noncash and all of it was required. It is management’s responsibility to move the company forward through the turnaround process as rapidly as possible. With these actions and associated charges behind us, the first phase of the turnaround is largely complete.
BALANCE SHEET AND MARGINS
Progress was most evident against the strategic priority of strengthening Interpublic’s balance sheet and its financial condition. Our financing activities in March and December were immensely successful. We also sold NFO, as well as nonstrategic equity investments in Modem Media and Taylor Nelson Sofres.
These initiatives allowed us to pay down debt to the lowest levels in many years. Following our concurrent common stock and mandatorily convertible preferred stock offerings late in the year, we had a debt-to-capital ratio of 48.7%, down from over 64% at the end of the third quarter of 2001. In January 2004, we paid down our subordinated convertible notes due later in the year; considering this transaction, our debt-to-cap- ital ratio was 46.1%.
Our debt maturity schedule and our liquidity position are equally strong. At year-end, 2003, we had $2.0 billion in cash and cash equivalents, double the amount at year-end,
2 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES I 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

2002. We are extremely pleased with our progress in these areas. I can unequivocally say to you that today Interpublic has one of the strongest balance sheets in the sector.
We also promised improvement in the area of financial accountability and reliability. Bringing on Chris Coughlin as our new Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer was the most important step we took in this area. Chris continues to upgrade financial management across the organization. He has already aligned the reporting structure of our divisional CFOs with Interpublic corporate finance and has begun to improve the company’s reporting, forecasting and control processes. Chris is a world-class operating and financial executive who has many years of experience managing complex multinational organizations. He’s been involved in a number of successful turnarounds and is playing an important role in ours.
As Chris, his team and the operating unit finance groups
implemented the restructuring program in 2003, we began to see positive effects on the company’s margin performance. When we first announced the restructuring program in midyear, we committed to making major improvements in run-rate margins by the end of 2003. On a reported basis, our operating margin in the fourth quarter of the year was 9.2%—it’s clear that we are under way to achieving that goal.
GROWTH INITIATIVES AND TALENT
In the area of growth, much has been accomplished, but there remains much to be done. Compared to the prior quarter, each of the final three quarters of 2003 showed sequential improvement in organic growth. This trend dovetails with the arrival of the new management team. It is another proof point for the benefits that our efforts to reshape the company’s culture can have on our future.
Starting at midyear, we moved to better connect our companies in order to drive results for our clients—
by realigning our incentive compensation, by appointing Interpublic’s first Chief Growth and Collaboration Officer, by developing a comprehensive collaboration tool kit and by creating a supplemental incentive plan to reward collaborative, business-building behavior.
This “Organic Growth Initiative” got off to a strong start in the second half of 2003. We have rolled it out into our major regions and look forward to refining these activities in 2004. In many major world markets, there are now growth groups with participants from various Interpublic sister companies. We also named the industry’s first Director of Diversity to ensure that our workforce and our work reflect the broadest spectrum of perspectives and insight. Next on our agenda is creating a growth academy, in which we will train practitioners to become fluent in all aspects of marketing communications.
Collaboration is also evident in the willingness of our
companies to look for new ways of doing business together. This includes co-location in smaller, developing markets, client referrals, and joint development of professional resources. This type of behavior is largely new to our company, which makes it a major milestone for Interpublic.
At the end of the day, we are in a talent business. That, more than any other factor, will be the key driver of our long-term success. It was gratifying, therefore, to see the level of interest in Interpublic on the part of exceptional individu- als in 2003. In all sectors of our business, from all parts of the world, top people saw Interpublic as the place to come for those who want to make a difference.
We enjoyed a considerable inflow of world-class talent, both at the corporate level and within the operating groups. This was most notable at McCann, which benefited considerably from John Dooner’s return to that company. Throughout the year, John made huge inroads by actively recruiting new senior regional and functional leadership to his organization. This
THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES I 2003 ANNUAL REPORT 3
 I CAN UNEQUIVOCALLY SAY TO YOU THAT TODAY INTERPUBLIC HAS ONE OF THE STRONGEST BALANCE SHEETS IN THE SECTOR.

began to bear fruit in the fourth quarter of 2003, as we saw signs of a revenue recovery at McCann.
A new team is also in place at Lowe globally and in a number of its key European markets. Creative upgrades were made across FCB, which also named new leaders in Europe and many markets across the United States, including the flagship New York office. Top executives joined our ranks to run a number of our marketing services companies. The performance of our domestic independent agencies continued to be exemplary. They are well positioned to benefit from a recovery in the US ad market.
Other noteworthy developments involved the resolution of a number of significant overhang issues. From the begin- ning, the new management team indicated a commitment to exiting the motor sports venues acquired in the late 1990s. During the year, we succeeded in selling go-karting and motorcycle-racing operations. In January of 2004, we sold the four auto racing tracks at our Brands Hatch Circuits unit in the United Kingdom, leaving only our Silverstone and British Grand Prix operations. We also reached agreement on a proposed settlement with shareholders pursuing class action lawsuits arising from the restatement of earnings in 2002. And we continued to limit acquisition activity, thereby ensuring that future cash obligations for earn-outs will decrease dramatically in 2004 and again in 2005.
MOVING FORWARD
We are nearing the end of the first phase of our turnaround. This does not mean our commitment to the five strategic pillars that guided us through this past year will waver or wane. It means only that we must look forward and develop new yardsticks with which to measure our progress.
There are a number of new realities that should drive significant growth in our business in the years to come. We are well positioned in a number of them.
Clients will increasingly reward accountability. Determining the return on investment on the marketing programs we create will be vital for future success. A number of our advertising and direct marketing companies are expert in this regard; all of our companies will have to invest intellectual capital in this arena.
The Internet as a marketing medium has once again begun to show signs of growth. We are fortunate to have a number of terrific digital capabilities, some stand-alone, others within our
agency networks and independent US agencies. The Web is evolving from a transactional medium to one that creates real brand experiences. We must continue to lead that process.
We must also retain our leadership in harnessing the convergence of entertainment, sports and media on behalf of our clients’ brands. The success of our companies in developing programming is hard to match. Our event marketing capabilities are peerless. Clients want in on proprietary properties and content. This is a growth area. We are aligning our strong array of talent and resources for maximal impact.
As holding companies increasingly become brands, we will also be called upon to participate in major consolidation opportunities. The changing culture here at Interpublic, coupled with our remarkable breadth of resources, should make us very competitive in this area as well.
On our fourth-quarter earnings call, we introduced a straightforward new set of financial metrics to help the financial community chart our progress in delivering value to our shareholders. We have set targets for organic revenue growth, improvements in operating margin and a number of balance sheet ratios, including debt-to-capital, return on equity, debt-to-EBITDA and interest coverage. These metrics are listed on the page opposite this one for easy reference whenever you open our annual report.
Much was accomplished at Interpublic in the past year. The key driver of our long-term success will be the ability to become the organization that best understands and leverages the new realities that are transforming how our clients approach marketing.
All of the ingredients for success are in place. Our agency brands are strong and vital. Our people are talented and committed to the work at hand. We remain focused and disciplined in working our turnaround plan. The stakes are high, but we are up to the task.
I look forward to posting you on our continued progress,
David A. Bell
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 4 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES I 2003 ANNUAL REPORT
 