 MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN
It almost goes without saying that 2001 was a challenging year, for both our industry and our company. It does, however, bear noting that these past twelve months were vital as we refocused on the fundamentals and laid the groundwork for a new Interpublic.
Like most every business, we felt the effects of the economic downturn that began in the United States in the second quarter and accelerated as a result of the tragic events of September 11. For the media and marketing sector, the implications were particularly stark. We found ourselves oper- ating against the most adverse conditions in over 50 years.
Interpublic’s results are reflective of these difficulties. Our performance was also affected by a major restructuring pro- gram that has already begun to yield significant cost savings as of the fourth quarter. The benefits of this restructuring will continue to be felt. Barring a further economic reversal, we believe that we can deliver double-digit earnings per share growth in 2002 despite the current harsh environment. Our 2001 results also reflect the challenges of integrating
a major strategic acquisition.
For the year, revenues were down 6%, to $6.7 billion. Exclu- sive of the loss of the Chrysler account by True North Commu- nications prior to our acquiring them, our revenues declined 4.8%. Pro forma net income, before restructuring and other unusual charges, was $359.2 million, compared to $570.3 million in 2000. Pro forma earnings were $0.96 per diluted share for 2001, as against $1.53 per diluted share in 2000.
 
These numbers, while sobering, do not tell the full story of what was a significant transitional year for our company. One in which we substantially upgraded our financial disciplines and infrastructure, at both the corporate level and within
all of our operating units. Obviously, this is an ongoing effort and our goal is to stay vigilant and constantly keep costs in line with anticipated revenues. I am satisfied that we now have the fundamental planning tools and processes to live up to that obligation.
2001 was also the year in which we added a third global marketing services network, firmly securing our place within the top tier of our ever-consolidating industry. A year that saw us undertake the most sweeping reorganization in the company’s history, focused on delivering an integrated mar- keting offering to all of our clients while simultaneously streamlining our operations. In short, a tough but productive period during which we poised ourselves for improved per- formance and long-term growth.
While the signs of an imminent economic recovery remain mixed, or seemingly distant, the future of our industry is clearly bright. Media has never been more fragmented,
or consumers more powerful. New technologies are further transforming the marketing landscape. As a result, our business is becoming increasingly complex and sophisti- cated. For companies everywhere, differentiating their brands is more difficult—yet more vital—than ever. Because brands represent the best and most direct route to sustained, profitable growth.
This puts a premium on business-building ideas. The kind of ideas that set companies apart from their competition, or cement the relationships between consumers and brands. And that is what Interpublic is about.
In 2001, we took numerous steps to improve our ability to deliver on behalf of clients in this evolving environment.
Chief among those steps was the acquisition of True North Communications, which brought another quality marketing network into our portfolio of companies, thereby expanding the range of combined and integrated services we can offer to our clients on a worldwide basis.
Another significant initiative that strengthens our position for the future was the reorganization in which we grouped our companies so they can better serve client needs, while simul- taneously facilitating collaboration between our agencies and streamlining our internal reporting relationships to promote greater accountability.
The new structure that emerged, organizes all of our com- panies into four groups. Three—the McCann-Erickson WorldGroup, The Partnership and the FCB Group—deliver a full range of interconnected marketing services to current and prospective clients. A number of our independent advertising agency brands are allied with these three princi- pal groups for access to an international network, or for additional capabilities.
(continued on next page)
 2001 ANNUAL REPORT
 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES
 3
Message from the Chairman

MESSAGE FROM THE CHAIRMAN (continued)
All of our agencies tap into a fourth group, Advanced Mar- keting Services, for services and counsel in constituency management, marketing intelligence and specialized market- ing services. Advanced Marketing Services is also charged with developing new, leading-edge offerings that can be made available to all of the companies and clients of Interpublic.
It’s a powerful model we believe will help us achieve many of our key objectives. It allows us to focus on the fundamen- tals of client service and creativity. It makes the broadest range of communications disciplines available to all of our clients. It allows each of our companies to retain its inde- pendence and its culture. And it will pave Interpublic’s path to future growth.
The past year saw our companies once again garner impor- tant industry recognition, as well as over $5.5 billion in new business billings, around the world.
McCann-Erickson Advertising won “Agency of the Year” honors in every region of the world, including its fourth consecutive such designation in the United States and its third in Europe. McCann-Erickson Advertising was also the top winner among all agencies at the international AME awards recognizing effective communications.
In every discipline, the McCann-Erickson WorldGroup’s corri- dor agencies also distinguished themselves. Direct Marketing and CRM company, MRM Partners, became the international leader in custom publishing and branded content. Momentum
Worldwide was named the experiential and event marketing “Agency of the Year” on three continents, while interactive agency Zentropy Partners won that coveted honor in the highly competitive U.K. market. Torre Lazur McCann Health- care Worldwide won more top creative awards on a worldwide basis than any of its competitors.
Highlights at The Partnership agencies included a success- ful management transition at Lowe & Partners Worldwide, where Jerry Judge, a long-time Lowe executive, took over the global CEO role from the company’s founder. Jerry’s new leadership team strengthened the relationships with and won new business from key multinational clients. Lowe was also recognized by local advertising publications as the “Agency of the Year” in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Argentina, Italy and Austria. DraftWorldwide maintained its position as the number one global marketing services com- pany and the top direct marketer in the U.S.
Within the newly-formed FCB Group, notable performers included FCB New Zealand, Ad Age’s “Asia Pacific Agency of the Year,” and R/GA, Adweek’s “Interactive Agency of the Year.”
Our independent agencies notched significant accomplish- ments and honors. For the fourth year in a row, Deutsch received “Agency of the Year” recognition from Adweek after posting one of the strongest new business years of any U.S. agency. Carmichael Lynch won the coveted O’Toole Award from the American Association of Advertising Agencies, given
 4
 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES
 2001 ANNUAL REPORT
 Message from the Chairman

by the industry to an agency in recognition of the total body of creative work done for its clients. Campbell-Ewald’s over- all strong performance helped it garner Adweek regional honors as the Midwestern “Agency of the Year.”
Advanced Marketing Services companies in every communi- cations discipline also shone in terms of industry recognition. Weber Shandwick was a leading winner at the Public Relations Society of America awards, while Golin/Harris was responsi- ble for the “International Campaign of the Year” (according to PR Week) and the year’s “Best Cause-Related Marketing Campaign” (at the SABRE Awards).
During 2001, we acquired DeVries as our third leading public relations capability. And by joining True North agency BSMG with Weber Shandwick, we created the world’s largest provider of public relations and corporate communications counsel.
Our event marketing company, Jack Morton, our sport mar- keting agency, Octagon, and our market research firm, NFO WorldGroup, all maintained their leadership positions and con- tinued to produce the highest quality of thinking and work for clients. Global Hue, our multicultural U.S. marketing unit, saw continued success in this growing field.
We also launched Magna Global, the world’s largest media services operation. Housed within the Advanced Marketing Services group to ensure confidentiality, Magna Global will represent the combined media negotiating interests of Inter- public’s media entities. Like our new corporate structure,
Magna Global will allow our agencies and their clients to get best-in-class service without infringing on the individual agen- cies, or the proprietary interests of their clients.
At the end of the day, that is what it’s all about: Getting the fundamentals right, for our clients and our shareholders.
We have always had the companies and the capabilities to deliver. We have talented and dedicated employees around the world who deserve our thanks for all their efforts, particu- larly these past twelve months. With the addition of True North and our new reorganization, we have more best-in-class offerings than at any point in our company’s history—all focused around the needs of clients in today’s increasingly sophisticated marketing environment.
Together, our mix of services and our client-centric model will drive growth. We now also have in place the corporate struc- ture and the financial systems to capture the benefits of our success and better deliver value to our shareholders.
I believe we will look back on 2001 as the year we refocused, retooled and emerged revitalized for the challenges and the years ahead.
Thank you for your continued support,
JOHN J. DOONER, JR.
CHAIRMAN AND CEO, THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP
        2001 ANNUAL REPORT
 THE INTERPUBLIC GROUP OF COMPANIES
 5
Message from the Chairman
