Message from the Chairman and the President and Chief Executive Officer

e will long remember the lessons we learned in 2009. In what was the most challenging economic climate since the Great Depression, and certainly the most difficult business environment many Ingersoll Rand people have ever experienced, we discovered more about our capabilities and commitment to persevere than we could have under less daunting circumstances. The progress our people achieved despite the difficulties we faced gives us great confidence about our company's future and our ability to build upon Ingersoll Rand's long history of success. Despite extraordinarily turbulent markets and challenging global economic conditions throughout 2009, our company delivered upon its commitments to customers and shareholders and emerged well positioned as a leading diversified industrial firm. We realized significant benefits from the first full year of Trane as part of Ingersoll Rand, and have uncovered substantially greater long-term opportunities for our combined businesses. We achieved unprecedented improvement in key operational and financial areas, notably in productivity, working capital and cash generation, and we are confident that we can consistently achieve similar levels of performance in these areas on an annual basis. Our 2009 revenues declined by 19% compared with 2008 on a pro forma basis, reflecting the substantial reduction in demand across the global markets we serve. We did not expect that rate of decline when we began the year, but we quickly realized that the economic climate was much worse than even some of the more pessimistic predictions. Accordingly, by the end of the first quarter of 2009 we recalibrated our revenue and earnings expectations. Despite a continued slide in revenue projections, we achieved the midpoint of our revised earnings forecast, driven largely by outstanding productivity performance, and again demonstrated that our people are well prepared to meet and surpass difficult challenges.

W

Our productivity performance, combined with synergies that we continue to derive from the Trane acquisition and a significant reduction in working capital, contributed to $1.6 billion of available cash flow* in 2009, which was substantially greater than the amount of cash we expected to generate for the year. We reduced working capital as a percentage of sales from the previous annual range of 7% to 9% to a level of 2% to 3% by the end of 2009. We are confident that we have permanently removed a sizable amount of working capital from our balance sheet, which will further enhance our cash generation capability. By outperforming our cash-generation target, we were able to dramatically improve our balance sheet and liquidity. We met all of our debt maturities in 2009, paid off our short-term commercial paper and receivables securitization program, and exceeded our debt reduction targets. Most importantly, we continued to support our growth imperative by investing in innovation, refreshing core product technologies, and increasing the overall value we offer to customers through enhanced service offerings.
Segment Operating Income
(In Millions)

Revenues
(In Millions)

13% 15% 17% 55%

31% 12% 17%

40%

 Climate Solutions $7,293.7  Industrial Technologies $2,181.0  Residential Solutions $2,001.5  Security Technologies $1,719.1 Total Revenues: $13,195.3

 Climate Solutions $406.9  Industrial Technologies $171.8  Residential Solutions $122.9  Security Technologies $323.7

*Cash flow from operating activities of both continuing operations and discontinued operations, less capital expenditures of $204.2 million, and excluding $62.8 million of cash outflow from the repurchase of receivables under the trade receivables securitization program.

2009 Annual Report

1

The newly introduced Trane® XB300 residential air conditioning system provides a reliable, efficient and costcompetitive solution to meet a variety of consumer needs, from single-family new construction, multi-family housing or homeowners who require a lower cost option.

Building a Top-Tier Performer
Having met the challenges of a difficult year, our company is poised to consistently deliver operating and financial results that characterize a top-tier diversified industrial company. We know what we need to accomplish, year-in and year-out, to rank among the upper echelon of diversified industrial companies, and we are making the moves necessary to achieve that goal. Primarily, we are continuing our focus on productivity to drive cost reduction, margin expansion and cash generation, and we are accelerating our pursuit of innovation, which will drive revenue growth by enabling market-changing solutions, expanded share of our markets, and improved pricing based on superior value. Currently, our plant capacity utilization rate is well below where we want it to be, which results in a sizable amount of unabsorbed overhead that burdens our company's cost structure. Fundamentally, addressing capacity utilization will require reducing our manufacturing footprint to more appropriately reflect foreseeable demand trends across our markets and leveraging our overall improved plant performance. In addition, we have many opportunities across our company to establish multi-business and multi-brand manufacturing facilities. For example, our new facility in Wujiang, China, hosts manufacturing for five of our businesses, where historically we would have had four or five smaller plants dedicated to each individual business. Our business integration initiatives are primarily intended to organize around key end markets, improve our customer focus and leverage manufacturing, engineering and market-facing activities. Reorganizing our businesses also enables us to reduce costs. By combining our heating, ventilating, air conditioning and refrigeration (HVAC+R) businesses into one, which we call Climate Solutions, and our consumerfacing businesses into a platform we call Residential Solutions, we have made important progress in our long-term plan to improve our cost structure. For example, today the Climate Solutions business comprises a world-class HVAC+R organization that features the market-leading Hussmann, Thermo King and Trane brands. At the same time, the new organization enabled a reduction in overhead costs of approximately $80 million. The Residential Solutions business presents a unified face to the consumer, led by our Schlage and Trane brands and the strength of a technology platform that enables homeowners to take control of the way they manage energy efficiency and security. At the same time, by integrating these businesses, we reduced overhead costs by approximately $10 million. We continue to benefit from ongoing synergies related to the acquisition of Trane, even beyond the benefits of business integration. Through 2009 we have generated approximately $300 million in synergy savings and expect to realize another $100 million in

Trane® introduced more new commercial products in 2009 than in its previous 20 years combined, including this Precedent TM rooftop unit, which delivers high reliability, easy installation, low maintenance, and reduced operating costs and upfront expense for commercial building owners.

Creating a Productivity Culture
Our success in generating substantial productivity improvement in 2009 gave us important insight into the methods and mindsets necessary to create a productivity culture within Ingersoll Rand. A productivity culture recognizes that although economic and market conditions may fluctuate, competition and costs will continue to apply pressure on gross margins and profitability. With that mindset, we are tackling three major areas of opportunity to generate real cost reduction on a year-over-year basis: plant capacity utilization, business integration, and continued synergies resulting from common and improved Trane and Ingersoll Rand business activities, including global sourcing.

A new Ingersoll Rand® centrifugal air compressor platform with more than 50 design improvements advances industry standards for reliability, efficiency and productivity.

2

Ingersoll Rand

2010. In total, along with the savings associated with the creation of Climate Solutions and Residential Solutions, we are on target to achieve cumulative three-year synergies savings of $500 million by the end of 2010.

Accelerating Innovation
The key to our enduring success lies in continuously creating value for our customers through consistently improving products and services, as well as marketchanging customer-driven innovations that create truly differentiated solutions. We have initiated a renewed emphasis on innovation because the differentiated solutions offer unique value to our customers and strengthen our ability to realize pricing that drives margin expansion. We expect that in 2010 our revenues related to innovation, which we define as new products or services introduced over the last three years, will comprise approximately 18% of our overall revenues. Our goal is to exceed 25% in revenues related to innovation in the near future. Our focus on innovation also applies to manufacturing processes, marketing, sales and service activities, and back-office operations--essentially, everything we do that impacts our customers' experiences with us and our ability to work more effectively and efficiently. As a result, we are engaging all employees in the pursuit of innovation, seeking breakthrough ideas in every corner of the enterprise and expanding our portfolio of opportunities for dramatic growth and ongoing productivity improvement.

Whether the focus is reducing emissions, reducing energy costs, using products that are engineered to reduce material waste, or constructing a "green" building, we offer a growing collection of products and solutions to help businesses meet their sustainability goals. We have more than 700 professionals who have attained Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certification, and we use that expertise to help our customers and to improve our own facilities. We have set public sustainability goals to drive continuous improvement in our company. Among our goals, by 2018 we plan to reduce our rate of energy use by 25 percent and reduce our rate of greenhouse gas emissions by 25 percent, normalized by revenue. We partner with organizations that are at the forefront of sustainability and climate change issues. We are members of the Business Roundtable's SEE Change and Climate RESOLVE initiatives, the U.S. Department of Energy's Save Energy Now leader program, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Climate Leaders and GreenChill programs, and the Clinton Climate Change Initiative. In November 2009, we launched a program involving our top 500 global suppliers, representing 80 percent of our direct material spend, to help suppliers reduce the environmental impact of their business practices as part of Ingersoll Rand's long-

Sustainability is Our Business Mission
In recent years we have dedicated a significant portion of this report to the company's sustainability efforts. We continue to enhance our ability to help customers increase the energy efficiency of their operations and reduce their environmental impact. At the same time, we are expanding programs and initiatives to implement sustainable business practices. More information about these actions can be found in our 2009 Sustainability Report, which will be available at the company's website (www.ingersollrand.com) in mid-May 2010. Increasingly, the line between our sustainability efforts and our business activities is becoming harder to distinguish. In fact, these two missions complement and reinforce each other, to the point where what's good for our business is good for advancing sustainable business practices, and vice versa. When we find ways to reduce the energy intensity of our operations, we save money and achieve progress toward our sustainability goals. When customers turn to our products and expertise to improve their energy efficiency and reduce their overall environmental impact, we fulfill our business purpose and we influence sustainable business practices across our markets.

Recently introduced Lifeline Premier Series merchandisers (top) combine several Hussmann® energy-saving and design innovations to create an aesthetically pleasing, energy-efficient and revenue-enhancing frozen-food aisle for grocery store operations.

The new Thermo King® T-series refrigeration units (right) for trucks establish new standards for cost and fuel savings, reliability and performance, quiet and clean operation, and ease of use and service.

2009 Annual Report

3

for advancing knowledge and innovation to address critical business challenges and social concerns relating to energy efficiency and sustainability. Also, we expect our company to benefit directly from the Center's activities through the improved operating practices, product technologies, and new alliances that emerge. We look forward to reporting the Center's progress in the years ahead.

A Renewed Confidence
We have learned what is required to become a toptier diversified industrial firm. Our progress in 2009 allowed us to reach the top quartile among diversified industrials in a number of financial and operational categories important to our success, including productivity, operating cash flow and working capital. Our goal is to achieve and maintain top-quartile performance across all the categories we track. We have tremendous opportunities to make significantly greater progress over the next several years, progress which will firmly establish our status as a premier diversified industrial firm. Today's Ingersoll Rand has immense potential resulting from the natural linkages that connect our businesses and augment their individual capabilities. These linkages include global markets, manufacturing centers of excellence, integrated supply chain, technology platforms, common tools and processes through our Business Operating System, and strategic brands that coalesce around our central business mission of safety, comfort and efficiency. In addition, we have the ability to dramatically change the cost structure of our company. The progress we have already achieved in our cost structure, the insights we have gained, and the processes we have instituted over the past year lend important momentum toward continued improvement. Ingersoll Rand people have demonstrated that they can meet and overcome some of the more difficult business challenges our company has ever faced. Regardless of the pace of recovery across our global markets, our people are prepared to continue delivering market-leading customer solutions, steady improvement in all of our operations, and financial results that reward our shareholders' confidence in Ingersoll Rand. We know that the best is yet to come for our company, and we hope you are as eager as we are to see our successful future unfold.

Zero-emission low-speed vehicles (LSV) from Club Car® provide dependable, energy-efficient transportation worldwide in settings such as residential neighborhoods, urban environments, college and industrial campuses, and military bases.

Besides offering enhanced lock functionality for current applications, new AD-Series electronic locks from Schlage® can be quickly and easily reconfigured to address continuously evolving technologies and designs.

term sustainability efforts. We are collecting data relating to the supply chain's greenhouse gas emissions and reduction targets, among other areas. Fundamentally, we are in the business of creating and sustaining safe, comfortable and efficient environments. At its core, this mission is about improving quality of life around the world and the health of our environment. Recognizing that we have an important role to play in both of these areas, in 2009 we announced our plan to establish Ingersoll Rand's Center for Energy Efficiency and Sustainability. The Center will provide a global forum for thought leadership around energy efficiency and environmental sustainability for the markets we serve. It will engage employees, customers, business partners, and representatives from government, non-government and academic institutions in the pursuit of innovative approaches to energy efficiency and sustainable business practices, as well as sponsor the related promulgation of industry standards, development of technologies, educational programs, and primary research. The Center will formally launch on April 22, 2010, coinciding with the 40th anniversary of Earth Day. We are excited to offer our employees, customers and many other important constituents a focal point

Herbert L. Henkel Chairman

Michael W. Lamach President and Chief Executive Officer

April 2010 4 Ingersoll Rand

