Dear Shareholder:

was a turning point for our company. Thanks to the dedication and passion of 58,000 Ingersoll Rand employees around the globe, we emerged from a very difficult economic climate stronger and more focused on achieving higher levels of performance as we fulfill our mission of making the world safer, more comfortable and more efficient. We realized strong financial results in 2010, delivering 60 percent earnings per share (EPS) growth, improved return on invested capital, enhanced productivity and increased revenue from innovation. We are committed to sustaining and improving excellence in our financial performance, and we have built a strong foundation for success. Today, Ingersoll Rand is in the right markets at the right time with growth-oriented businesses, market-leading brands and significant opportunities to meet increasing global needs for safety, comfort and efficiency. We are equally committed to excellence in how we serve our customers, engage our employees, manage our operations, support the communities in which we live and work, and protect the natural environment. As a visible demonstration of these commitments, we have combined our 2010 Annual Report with our annual Sustainability Report. Within this integrated report, we hope to communicate a transparent, straightforward and objective review of our 2010 performance, along with the broader social and environmental trends influencing our business priorities and our outlook on the company's opportunities.

2010

Michael W. Lamach Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Delivering Strong Performance
In my first year as CEO, we laid out aggressive targets to achieve premier levels of financial performance as benchmarked against 16 of our best diversified industrial peers and competitors. This focus resulted in strong progress last year toward those targets. Across the company, we feel that we made a commitment to you and that we met that commitment in 2010. Our full-year revenues increased 7.5 percent to $14 billion, exceeding our target range, as innovation and new product programs gained traction. In 2010, about $2.4 billion, or 17 percent of our revenues, were from products introduced over the last three years. An example is our Trane ComfortLinkTM Thermostat that serves as an easy-to-use central planning center to keep homeowners comfortable while better managing energy use. Another is our Schlage aptiQTM Smart Card that gives business owners peace of mind with the highest security in the industry to prevent unauthorized access and ensure the safety of their most sensitive data. Balancing innovations like these with the continued pursuit of productivity is critical to market share gain and margin expansion. Our operating margins increased by 2.2 percentage points as we made excellent gains in productivity and began our long-term lean transformation journey. Productivity savings added close to $1.50 to 2010 EPS and helped offset more than $400 million of inflation. We generated strong cash flow of 1.4 times after-tax income and restored our balance sheet. We also made progress on aligning our organization and incentive structure to our metrics of operating margin expansion, revenue growth and cash generation to drive profitable growth.

Accelerating Toward Premier Performance
Last year we demonstrated our unrelenting focus on driving premier performance. We set aggressive targets and held the course, determined to make progress toward the long-term goals laid out in our 2013 framework. We capitalized on increased investment in innovation, realizing productivity and building strong leadership focused on meeting our commitments. You can expect to see constant progress on an annual basis toward the targets we have set.

2010 Annual Report

1

2013 Framework
 

Annual revenue growth of 7 to 8 percent Two percentage points of annual operating margin growth to achieve an earnings per share (EPS) of $5.00 to $5.75 Available cash flow equal to or greater than 100 percent of after-tax income 25 percent of revenue from any product or service developed in the last three years

 

Revenues
In Billions

7.5%

$15

I am confident we have the capability, opportunity and tenacity to continually challenge ourselves and become the premier performer in the marketplace. Moving forward, we are more focused than ever on balancing short-term results with long-term value creation. Our priorities for winning over the long term are as follows: 1) Growth through innovative, customer-driven solutions, along with expansion in emerging markets and services; 2) Building a progressive, diverse and inclusive culture that fosters a sense of belonging and engagement, and spurs innovation and creativity; and

$10

$5

3) Deploying and executing an operational excellence transformation plan to reduce waste and delight our customers with value as they define it.

2009

2010

0

Grow through Innovation
In each of the past two years, we have increased our product development investment by $50 million. This continued investment enables Ingersoll Rand employees to find new opportunities to serve customer needs, enhance operations and improve financial performance. Much of our growth over the past five years, and our outlook for the next few years, is a direct result of increased investment in product and service development, as well as distribution in emerging markets, which represent our areas of strongest opportunity. We are building a workplace that promotes innovation and provides an environment where reasonable risk to test new ideas is encouraged and rewarded. Expanding our investment and commitment to innovation will continue to play a key role in helping us enhance our overall performance and realize new growth opportunities with customers around the world, regardless of market conditions.

Operating Margins

2.2 percentage points

9%

6%

3%

Build a Progressive, Diverse and Inclusive Work Environment
An Ingersoll Rand workplace that is progressive, diverse and inclusive is essential to enable innovation and creativity, growth through globalization and development of customer solutions in a way that distinguishes us from our competitors. We are creating an environment where differences are understood and appreciated ­ a progressive workplace where we embrace diversity of thought, rapidly adapt to change, empower employees to effect change, and reward and recognize those who do.

2009

2010

0

Earnings Per Share
$3.00

Achieve Operational Excellence
60%
$2.00

$1.00

2009

2010

0

At its core, operational excellence is about continuous improvement ­ not just in the manufacturing facility, but anywhere and everywhere we do work. It enables us to reduce waste, improve and standardize work flow, and engage those closest to the process. Through operational excellence initiatives, we ensure that we are meeting customer expectations for quality, delivery and cost that bring value and secure long-term loyalty. Rapid improvement events are under way and are making a real difference, where employees tackle a key process, discuss solutions and make demonstrable changes ­ all within one week. I am personally committed to spending at least one week per month at one of our selected rapid improvement events. We are gaining momentum like this across the company, leading to productivity improvements and margin expansion. Through operational excellence, we will free up capital, people and time to invest in new and innovative solutions that address customer needs and secure solid financial returns.

2

Ingersoll Rand

Continue Our Mission of Sustainability
As a world leader in creating and sustaining safe, comfortable and efficient environments, we make decisions every day designed to ensure environmentally sound and socially responsible practices in every part of our business, in every market where we operate and with every customer we serve. On Earth Day 2010, we launched the Center for Energy Efficiency and Sustainability at Ingersoll Rand (CEES). This was a commitment to engage outside expert perspectives to challenge how we incorporate sustainability into our products, services and operations. It also created a mechanism to support governments, policy organizations, academics and customers in their efforts to innovate, research and regulate in the areas of energy efficiency and sustainability. Since the launch of CEES, we have created a standard definition for green products and services. We redesigned and expanded a variety of our products and services to meet that definition, help customers improve efficiency and increase the use of sustainable materials aligned with green building standards. We also laid the foundation to track and report the sales of energy-efficient products. This enables us to have a clear picture of how our energy-efficient product designs are winning with customers and will influence future products and service innovation efforts. We now can quantify the overall impacts of our technologies on customer operations in terms of saving energy and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. In addition to helping our customers meet their energy-efficiency and sustainability goals, we have reduced our own energy use by six percent from 2009-2010, normalized by sales. This puts us well on the path to meeting our 10-year goal of reducing energy by 25 percent.
Revenue by Geography

 North America
66% 16% 12% 6%

 Europe, Middle East  Asia  Latin America

Revenue by Sector

Looking Ahead
I am proud of the progress we have made, and I am more confident than ever that we are well positioned to deliver our targets for 2011 and beyond. We are on a path to premier performance that will allow us to truly succeed. It is a journey that begins with exceeding customer expectations, engaging employees and continuously improving everything we do. My goal as CEO is to ensure that we relentlessly pursue our aggressive targets and meet the expectations of our customers, our employees, our shareholders and our communities at large. After all, the heart of our mission is to fulfill ever-increasing human and economic needs for safety, comfort and efficiency ­ to make the world more secure, productive, healthful and environmentally sound. We have prevailed through a tough period of economic challenge, now aligned and engaged to fulfill this mission and deliver even greater value in the coming years. Thank you for your continued confidence and support.

 Climate Solutions
55% 12% 18% 15%

 Security Technologies  Industrial Technologies  Residential Solutions

Sincerely,

Michael W. Lamach Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ingersoll Rand

2010 Annual Report

3

