Message from Our Chairman and CEO

Dear Shareholder:
Our company is helping to solve some of the world's most pressing challenges--an unsustainable demand for energy resources, the impact of urbanization on the environment, and a constant need for increased industrial productivity with lower resource intensity. These challenges are critical to our customers and at the heart of Ingersoll Rand's vision--a world of sustainable progress and enduring results.
Energy efficiency is often hailed as the smartest approach to the looming global energy consumption crisis, with potential energy savings worth more than $1 trillion in the United States alone. We possess the needed expertise to help--and that matters because the increase in global energy demand will reach the equivalent of 2.37 trillion barrels of oil by 2040 if left unchecked. It matters because buildings alone will consume 40 percent of all energy over the next 20 years. In addition, consider that manufacturing and transportation industries will expend another 30 percent and 28 percent, respectively, over the same timeframe. Providing solutions to these challenges is important to our customers, our company and the world we live in. 2010 2020 2030 2040
OECD* Non-OECD*
Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA), International Energy Outlook 2013 *Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Member Countries

Michael W. Lamach Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

World Total Energy Consumption, 2010­2040 (Quadrillion BTU)

1,000 800 600 400 200 0

Projections

We are passionate about improving the world, and Ingersoll Rand, every day. Our pursuit of excellence is more than words. It's a measurable approach to making a difference. Throughout this report you will see progress against our financial, environmental and social impact goals. You will read how our three enterprise strategies--Growth Excellence, Operational Excellence and a Winning Culture--are supportive of each other in our pursuit of Premier Performance. These strategies offer shared success among our employees, customers and shareholders.

Enterprise Strategies
el
ce len
Opera t

io
l na

Growth Ex

c

Excellence for Employees Ingersoll Rand's approach to employee engagement encourages leaders at all levels of the company to demonstrate authentic leadership and drive employee engagement locally. We realized an eight-point employee engagement score improvement during 2013 and have achieved top quartile performance against industry benchmarks for manufacturers. These results are a testament to an environment where employees collaborate, develop, excel and take pride in our company--the essence of our Winning Culture.

Excel l ence

Premier Performance

Wi

nn i

ng Cu l t u

re

2

Ingersoll Rand

Message from Our Chairman and CEO

Total Net Revenues (Billions)

Excellence for Customers $12.4 $12.0 $12.8 Understanding our customers' specific needs is what shapes our ability to offer the right products and services. Ingersoll Rand's Climate and Industrial businesses focus on providing reliable, energy efficient and sustainable solutions to help customers address energy consumption and improve productivity.

2013 2012 2011

Adjusted Operating Margins

2013 2012 2011 0.9 Percentage Points

9.6% 9.2% 8.7% from 2011 to 2013

This report shares stories about our reliability and energy efficiency leadership, and how our expertise is demonstrated through the more than 100 new products and services introduced in 2013. Products like the Trane StealthTM air-cooled chiller that delivers low sound levels and is one of the world's most environmentally friendly heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems (HVAC); and the Ingersoll Rand Centac® C800 centrifugal compressor that improves productivity and significantly lowers operational costs for our customers.

Excludes restructuring costs and impairment charges related to the Hussmann divestiture.

Adjusted Earnings Per Share

2013 2012 2011 28% from 2011 to 2013

$2.67 $2.57 $2.08

In 2013, customers rewarded us for our investments in new solutions with increases in market share. One example is the Thermo King PrecedentTM , our new transport refrigeration platform that delivers double-digit fuel savings and lower life cycle costs. The Precedent has a competitive advantage because it meets stringent North American regulatory standards without requiring add-on diesel particulate filters or engine emission systems. That competitive advantage contributed to a 10 percent year-over-year increase in North American trailer revenue. Excellence for Shareholders We delivered another strong year for shareholders, exceeding commitments for revenue, adjusted earnings per share and cash flow. The effective application of our strategies contributed to an adjusted operating margin improvement of 40 basis points over 2012. Below are 2013 financial performance highlights, adjusted to exclude the impact of Allegion, the commercial and residential security businesses spun off into a stand-alone public company last year:  Revenue growth of 3 percent  Full-year adjusted earnings per share (EPS) for continuing  operations of $2.67  Free cash flow of $862 million  Quarterly dividend increase of 31 percent  Repurchased $1.2 billion of shares of Ingersoll Rand stock

Excludes restructuring costs, refinancing premium, spin-related costs and impairment charges related to the Hussmann divestiture.

Intellectual Property

2013 2012 2011

220 721 213 397  73 161
Invention Disclosures

Patent Applications

In the last four years, we doubled the contribution of new products and services to our revenue, generating value for our customers and shareholders.

2013 Annual Report

3

Message from Our Chairman and CEO

Our balanced capital allocation strategy has delivered a multi-year record for achieving top quartile EPS growth and shareholder return performance, while fully investing in the long-term success of our business. We have returned more than $4 billion to shareholders over the past three years and delivered a 378 percent total shareholder return since 2009--almost triple the return of the S&P 500 and more than double the return of the S&P Diversified Industrial Index. 2013: A Transformative Year Following the spinoff of Allegion, we accelerated elements of our growth strategy while continuing to use our business operating system to guide our operational excellence efforts. We analyzed our capabilities, markets and macro trends, and affirmed that demand for energy efficiency and reliability remain at the forefront of our customers' business requirements. In support of our strategy, we reorganized and reduced the complexity of our business structure. We restructured from four reporting business segments to two--Climate and Industrial--and designed a business unit structure to further capitalize on growth opportunities, such as geographic market reach and penetration of differentiated service offerings. Globally, the urban population will nearly double, increasing to 6.4 billion by 2050. To respond to the challenge of rapid urbanization, we will continue to build our local capabilities to compete in high growth markets around the world, and capitalize on our brand strength and diverse customer base.
2013 Revenues by Geography

Services are among the fastest growing businesses we have. We will leverage our large installed equipment base to expand service revenues, use our domain expertise and further invest in analytics that support optimal product life cycle costs for our customers. We are also expanding our energy services organization to meet customer needs for energy reduction, optimizing energy supply costs, energy efficiency monitoring, predictive energy usage modeling, and methods for the continuous optimization of commercial, residential and industrial assets. Optimistic About the Future The imperative to address long-term reductions in energy demand and the continual need to meet increasing industrial globalization with productivity is compelling. We are healthy and strong, and I thank our employees around the world for making our company better, every day. Their inspiration and determination have served our company, customers, shareholders and communities for 143 years and it's why what we do at Ingersoll Rand will make a difference for generations to come. Sincerely,

Michael W. Lamach Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ingersoll Rand
2013 Total Net Revenue by Segment

16% 15% 6% 63%
North America Asia Europe, Middle East Latin America

24%

76%
Climate Industrial

4

Ingersoll Rand

