2| L LETTER ETT TER F FROM ROM OU OUR R CE CEO O

Letter From Our CEO
"Our legacy extends beyond just the next few years ­ as we lead long-term value creation and positive societal impact within our industries, we build a legacy for the next century and beyond."

MICHAEL W. LAMACH, CHAIRMAN AND CEO

Dear Shareholder, Ingersoll Rand links business opportunities to important global trends to create long-term value for our people, our customers and the world. Whether the challenge is climate change, urbanization or natural resource constraints, our expertise enables us to reduce energy demand and improve efficiency in buildings, industrial processes and transportation. Sustainability in all its forms ­ business, social and environmental ­ is central to our strategy. Just as we have for the past 146 years, we continue to build a more sustainable and thriving enterprise. We're leading the way to long-term value creation and positive societal impact within our industries, and building a legacy for the next century and beyond. Our strategic focus on business sustainability served us well in 2016. As you can see in the charts to the right, net revenue, adjusted operating margins and adjusted earnings per share (EPS) were up from the prior year. These results follow a multi-year pattern of consistently strong operating and financial performance driven by our strategic framework of sustained growth, operational excellence, favorable cash flow conversion and a commitment to our winning culture.

We launched more than 80 new products and services in 2016, with introductions in nearly every business and region, while continuing to reduce costs and improve productivity. On a reported basis this progress translated into 60 basis points of operating margin expansion and strong cash flow in a low-growth environment. Our cash flow success story was one of the most noteworthy, as our free cash flow* increased 37 percent from 2015 to $1.3 billion ­ 121 percent of adjusted net earnings*. We also retained a strong balance sheet while returning significant cash to shareholders in 2016. Ingersoll Rand paid approximately $350 million in dividends during the year, and executed $250 million in share buybacks. We continued our long history of corporate dividend increases, raising our quarterly dividend by approximately 40 percent through two increases from $0.29 per share to $0.40 per share, concluding the year at $1.60 annualized per share. As anticipated, connected buildings, industrial facilities, homes and vehicles are providing our customers with more information, accessibility and productivity, and we realized increased growth in 2016 stemming from smart, wireless and digitally connected solutions. Each of our businesses is executing a digital strategy that extends our core

LETTER FROM OUR CEO | 3

expertise in the design and manufacturing of complex equipment, ensuring equipment is serviced and optimized to provide critical, real-time analytics for our customers.

Sustainability in all its forms ­ business, social and environmental ­ is central to our strategy.

Our success in the marketplace reflects deliberate choices, driven by data and analytics, that our businesses have made in selecting future growth programs as priorities for investments. Our strategy of developing these programs through product growth teams continues to deliver breakout results. The average growth rate for our model product growth teams was more than twice our overall company average growth rate in 2016. Product growth teams are just one example of the power of the winning culture we continue to build at Ingersoll Rand. As measured by the ingenuity of our engineering and technology centers, the commitment of our Green Teams, operational excellence improvements, or the many thousands of hours volunteered in our communities, our people clearly believe in the company's mission and are demonstrating exceptional teamwork and skills to achieve outstanding contributions.

Our Energy Services and Controls business uses a growing set of digital platforms in actively servicing 6,500 connected buildings worldwide, positioning Ingersoll Rand as one of the top providers in the space. The QX series from our Power Tools business, for example, features wireless communications between the tool and the assembly line. The result is a plantwide network with managed data, process control and the ability to adjust tool configurations to give operators total control of the line.

Total Net Revenue (Billions)
$15 $12 $9 $6 $3 0 2014 2015 2016 $12.9 $13.3 $13.5

Adjusted Operating Margins*
12% 10% 8% 6% 4% 2% 0 2014 2015 2016 11% 11.4% 11.9%

Total Net Revenue by Segment
22%

78%

Climate

Industrial

Adjusted Earnings Per Share*
$5 $4 $3 $2 $1 0 2014 2015 2016 $3.73 $3.33 $4.13

Adjusted Operating Income plus Depreciation & Amortization*
15% 12% 9% 6% 3% 0 2014 2015 2016 15% 13.6% 14.1% 14.5% 13%

2016 Revenue by Geography
4%

68%

North America Europe, Middle East

Asia Pacific Latin America

*These are non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found preceding the 2017 Notice and Proxy Statement.

4 | LETTER FROM OUR CEO

I was delighted to see our employee engagement scores continue our long-term improvement trend in 2016. Our people feel they are winning ­ individually, as a team and as a company. It was particularly inspiring to see our associates' highest rankings in sustainability, ethics and values, and safety, which further helped us achieve top-quartile employee engagement scores among all industries. Employee engagement fuels the contributions we are making to address critical social sustainability issues through volunteerism, customer partnerships and corporate social responsibility to meet the needs of our local communities. We're working to improve food security, drive quality education, improve gender equality, support sustainable cities and communities, and create resilient infrastructures. Employees from around the globe came together in 2016 to package meals for 110,000 undernourished children, moving us one step closer to reaching our 2020 goal of providing food and nutrition education to 200,000 children around the world.

generation, low-global warming potential EcoWiseTM products that meet or exceed global refrigerant transition requirements while delivering high energy efficiency. Our plan for 2017 is to capitalize on last year's positive momentum to maximize growth, while delivering productivity and discerning investment and allocation of our cash. Our commercial and residential HVAC businesses are strong and focused on growth areas with equipment, controls and services. Our transport refrigeration business is diverse and agile and will continue to execute its strategy as in the past. Our industrial businesses are focused on margin expansion as markets stabilize. From a capital allocation perspective, strengthening and growing our business organically will be our highest priority and I am confident Ingersoll Rand will continue to deliver top-tier financial performance. I am proud of our team for delivering record performance in 2016, both operationally and financially. We're building a more strategically and operationally integrated, top-tier diversified industrial company and a more valuable and sustainable Ingersoll Rand in every way. On behalf of our entire team, I extend our deep appreciation to you for your support this past year. We're committed to sustaining our leadership globally for you and all the company's stakeholders, and I look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress. Sincerely,

I am proud of our team for delivering record performance in 2016, both operationally and financially.
Equally important, our people believe that environmental sustainability and energy efficiency are critical to our future success. With their support, we're able to stay out in front of our customers' expectations, the competition and the regulatory environment ­ making us a leader in reducing energy use and greenhouse gas emissions. Two years ago we made a public, enterprise-wide Climate Commitment to significantly reduce the greenhouse gas emissions of our products and operations. We're on track to complete this goal and, through 2016, have avoided approximately 6.7 million metric tons of CO2e globally. This equates to avoiding annual CO2 emissions from energy used in more than 700,000 homes or more than 7.1 billion pounds of coal burned. At the same time, we've helped pioneer the development of several next-

Michael W. Lamach Chairman and CEO

