Dear Shareholder:
"The key is for organizations with the right expertise to deliver innovative solutions to pressing global challenges. That's where Ingersoll Rand steps forward."
- Michael W. Lamach Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Over the last year I have visited with thousands of our customers and employees across North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific. Each conversation strengthened my conviction that we're on the right path -- we've built Ingersoll Rand with the right global trends in mind, the right businesses, the right operating system and the right people to attain high engagement and deliver results. In 2014 we again proved our model is working. The Right Global Trends A look at the trends reminds our global team that what we do every day matters. The world population is projected to increase by almost one billion people within the next 12 years. More than half of us reside in urban settings today, and this ratio is expected to approach two-thirds by 2050. The link between urbanization and pressing global issues such as energy demand and food availability is at the center of a global discussion -- and so is Ingersoll Rand. Industrial motors and motor driven systems account for 43 percent of total global electricity demand with compressors comprising about one-third of this demand. And buildings are one of the greatest consumers of energy. Take New York City -- nearly threequarters of its greenhouse gas emissions come from energy used to heat, cool and power buildings. In Europe it is estimated that retrofitting existing buildings could eliminate one-eighth of the region's total greenhouse gas emissions, making retrofits a needed component of any plan to reduce emissions. Beyond industry and buildings, the requirements for food transportation -- availability, access, utilization and stability -- are also stressed by increased urbanization. Up to 40 percent of food harvested can be lost due to inefficiencies in processing, storage and transport. The key is for organizations with the right expertise to deliver innovative solutions to these challenges. That's where Ingersoll Rand steps forward. Our customers demand systems and services that are efficient and cost effective, but also productive and sustainable. The bold Climate Commitment we announced in 2014, detailed in this report, demonstrates the industry-leading position we have taken on their behalf. I was proud to represent Ingersoll Rand at the United Nations Climate Summit and Clinton Global Initiative to launch this initiative. The Right Businesses There is a powerful link between these global trends and our end markets. Our strategy and portfolio position us to help create sustainable choices for our customers and spur the development of energy-efficient solutions with lower greenhouse gas emissions while we continue to improve our business; whether it's Trane

2

$

OF FRUITS AND VEGETABLES GLOBALLY ARE WASTED EACH YEAR

50 BILLION

ENERGY IMPROVEMENTS TO EXISTING BUILDINGS ENABLE

COST SAVINGS
FOR BUILDING OWNERS

20 ­ 50%

products in commercial and residential buildings, Thermo King products to deliver fresh food over longer distances, or Ingersoll Rand air compressors that lower operational costs for our industrial customers. Our passion to be at the forefront of our industries propels our growth. And growth, when properly executed, is the greatest source of employee and shareholder value. We are growing Ingersoll Rand in three ways: by developing new and more productive and efficient products, increasing the mix of our service businesses, and expanding market coverage in terms of geography or channels in a specific end market. We continue to execute our growth strategy and refine our product development process. Through rigorous analysis, we provide a set of alternatives and choose the best solutions for our customers, and in turn, our businesses. Aligning our product management teams to more clearly understand our customers, markets and competitors empowers us to take action. The Right Operating System We've also matured in our operational excellence journey -- focusing the whole company on creating a lean operating system where we use standard work to create value, reduce cycle times and enhance quality that makes the customer experience better. 2014 marked the intersection of our growth excellence and operational excellence strategies. Over the past year we have launched six product growth teams. Just like our operational excellence value streams that use a structured process for continuous improvement to deliver a better customer experience, these new growth teams coordinate a product's journey from concept to delivery, through every stage of meeting a customer's needs. This results in faster time to market, increased productivity and improved quality and delivery. Our product growth teams grew their product lines at an average rate that was four times greater than the rest

of Ingersoll Rand, and we aim to systematically deploy this model across the company. As we layer a foundation of operational excellence with a disciplined approach to growth and our winning culture, you can see why I am confident in our future.

"Our passion to be at the forefront of our industries propels our growth."
­ Michael W. Lamach Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

The Right People Our philosophy is to make our company a great place for people to work which in turn drives a great customer experience and ultimately, grows shareholder value. We've applied this philosophy to how we operate, and we continue to measure our progress. We achieved topquartile employee engagement scores in 2014, and our people and company are attracting external attention. We have been recognized as one of FORTUNE magazine's World's Most Admired Companies, honored on Best Companies for Leaders by Chief Executive magazine, Workforce Magazine's 100 top companies for Human Resources and Corporate Responsibility magazine's 100 Best Corporate Citizens. And we intend to keep getting better. Customers want to do business with people who are engaged to deliver for them, and that's the kind of company we strive to be. That's our winning culture as you'll read about in this year's report. Delivering the Right Results Beyond employee engagement, we are operating at the top quartile in other metrics that matter -- one look at our strong 2014 financial results shows that. For the second year in a row, we delivered top-quartile organic growth among our peer group, even in the absence of a North American institutional construction recovery. We realized a

3

Total Net Revenues (Billions)

Adjusted Operating Margins
1.8 Percentage Points Ï 2012 to 2014

Adjusted Earnings Per Share
30% Ï from 2012 to 2014

Excludes restructuring costs.

Excludes restructuring costs, refinancing premium and Allegion spin-related costs.

2014 Revenue by Geography

2014 Total Net Revenue by Segment

North America

23%
Climate Industrial

63%

16% 15% 6%

Europe, Middle East Asia Latin America

77%

1.8 percentage point increase of adjusted operating margins over the last three years, and over the past five years we've grown market share and margins in almost every business in the company, in every region. As a result, we've delivered a 60 percent adjusted earnings per share growth since 2011, and strong shareholder return while investing in the long-term success of the business. Executing on our balanced capital allocation strategy over the last five years, we've: · Increased investments into the business, consistent with driving organic growth · Increased the dividend 257 percent from 2011 ­ 2014 and our 2015 dividend is set at $1.16 per share, up 16 percent year-over-year · Completed two share repurchase programs at $2 billion each, and now, we're well underway with the third authorization for $1.5 billion · Returned approximately $5.5 billion to shareholders We've also been disciplined around mergers and acquisitions, announcing two value-adding acquisitions in 2014. We purchased the assets of Cameron International Corporation's Centrifugal Compression division, which became part of our

compressed air business in January 2015, and FRIGOBLOCK became part of our Thermo King business in March 2015. Both acquisitions offer a complementary product set, engineering and technology strength, and financial synergies that are a natural fit for our portfolio, and we expect them to be accretive in 2015. Looking ahead, we won't change what's working -- focusing on the fundamentals of growth, our operating system and our culture to serve our customers. We want to be a company people want to work for, customers want to buy from and investors want to invest in. I hope you are as optimistic about our future as I am. It's clear to me how our employees, customers and shareholders around the world all win with Ingersoll Rand. I look forward to continuing to grow the company in 2015, and well beyond. Sincerely,

Michael W. Lamach Chairman and CEO

4

