Chairman's Message

When we established our long-term strategy in 2000,

we knew that our company would experience tremendous change. That strategy, to become a dynamic, global, growthoriented diversified industrial company capable of consistently delivering strong financial results, has been most prominently reflected by the gradual transformation of our business portfolio since 2000.
Truly, 2007 represents a landmark year for Ingersoll Rand from the perspective of our business portfolio and our financial profile. Once the Trane acquisition is complete Ingersoll Rand will be a company with an estimated $17 billion in revenues, with global businesses serving consumers and commercial customers in climate control, industrial and security markets. These markets address growing societal needs in all regions of the world, in developed and developing economies alike. We are a leader in all the markets we serve with equipment, services and solutions that increase the efficiency and productivity of industrial and commercial operations, and improve the safety, comfort and lifestyle of people around the world. The customers we serve place Ingersoll Rand at the forefront of critical global issues that continually require innovative solutions. Our increasingly efficient industrial and commercial products help reduce our customers' energy costs and their environmental impact. Our security products enhance the protection and safety of people and their possessions across all public and private venues. Our climate control products preserve more of the global harvest to safely and economically feed a growing world population. In these and other areas of our business, our continuing focus on innovation will drive important advances for the benefit of all stakeholders.

Revenues1
In Billions

$8

$6

$4

In 2007, however, we dramatically accelerated our transformation. We sold the remainder of our heavy-machinery, capital-intense, and highly cyclical businesses, including the Road Development and Bobcat businesses, and unlocked more than $6 billion in funds to re-invest in our company's growth. As the year came to a close, we reached an agreement to acquire Trane Inc., a leading global supplier of energy-efficient heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems and advanced building controls for commercial and residential markets. With these actions, we arrived at the gateway to our future, well prepared to move forward with businesses positioned for long-term success in global climate control, industrial and security markets. We are confident about the merits of our transformation because we have already passed arduous tests of our new business model, including in 2007. Even as we executed our major portfolio changes during the year, we maintained our operations focus and delivered solid financial results. Compared with 2006, we achieved revenue growth of 9% despite a year in which we experienced challenging business conditions. Our diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased by 4.6%, and our available cash flow reached $714 million, despite a onetime tax payment of $217 million.

$2

0

03 04 05 06 07

Operating Margin1

12.5%

10%

7.5%

5%

2.5%

0

03 04 05 06 07

2007 Annual Report

1

In 2007 we dramatically accelerated our transformation and arrived at the gateway to our future.
Earnings Per Share1, 2
Diluted, from Continuing Operations

$2.50

$2.00

$1.50

$1.00

$.50

0
03 04 05 06 07

Available Cash Flow 3
In Millions

$800

$600

$400

$200

Of note, in 2007 more than 14% of our revenues, or $1.26 billion, were the direct result of our innovation process. We expect to generate a greater percentage of revenues from innovation over time, with the goal of becoming a globally recognized leader in this critical, growth-enabling area. In fact, innovation is one of our Enterprise Focus Areas, driven by a global cross-business team that is dedicated to expanding our idea pipeline and new solutions for our customers and markets. As we deliver innovation, we know that we must also provide the benefits of progress responsibly. As a result, we remain mindful of the potential impact of our operations and the obligations we have to the environment, the health and safety of our employees and the welfare of our communities. This awareness is at the heart of a renewed emphasis on advancing our company's progress across environmental, social, and economic dimensions, and the reason we have taken this opportunity to provide an overview of our commitment to corporate social responsibility and sustainability. A more in-depth review of our sustainability program can be found on our company's website: www.ingersollrand.com. Our sustainability efforts include ensuring that the products and services we offer to our customers help them advance toward their environmental goals. In fact, our product portfolio contains a number of solutions that improve our customers' energy efficiency, increase their productivity, and

reduce the environmental impact of their operations. We also offer products that meet sustainable design standards, including the incorporation of recycled materials. Within our own operations, we continually seek to minimize the environmental impact of our manufacturing processes, act as sound stewards of natural resources across all of our activities, and maintain safe working conditions. This includes searching for ways to reduce our energy and water consumption, decrease our greenhouse gas emissions, and minimize the use of materials harmful to the environment. We have institutionalized these efforts through our Business Operating System, including the development of standard processes and Lean Six Sigma methodologies specifically devoted to environmental, safety and health matters. Also, we recognize our company's social responsibilities throughout the communities we touch. Through monetary and other donations by our company and employees, and through employee volunteer efforts, we are creating a meaningful difference in many lives around the world. As a result, we are helping to make the communities in which we live and work better. Ultimately, we have a fundamental responsibility to continue generating strong financial results. Our ability to develop solutions that help address important environmental and societal needs aligns with the economic interests of our customers, employees and shareholders, and ensures Ingersoll Rand's ongoing financial success. I am proud of the financial success we continue to achieve. Also, I am proud to know that Ingersoll Rand employees are helping to deliver environmental, social and economic benefits for all of the people we influence around the globe, and helping to shape a better world for the next generation of its citizens. I look forward to sharing our continuing progress in all of these areas.

0
03 04 05 06 07

Herbert L. Henkel Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April 2008
1) All years have been restated to reflect the divestiture of the Road Development, Bobcat, Utility Equipment and Attachments business units during 2007. 2) EPS data has been restated to reflect a two-for-one stock split, effective September 1, 2005. 3) Available cash flow consists of cash flows from operating activities of both continuing and discontinued operations minus capital expenditures. Actuals for 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003 represent historical figures.

2

Ingersoll Rand

