Dear Shareholder
"The company's top-quartile performance in 2015 demonstrates our formula is working well. It is a testament to the power of strategy, discipline, innovation and, above all, the commitment of our employees around the world to the vision, purpose and values of Ingersoll Rand." - MICHAEL W. LAMACH, CHAIRMAN AND CEO

I was recently asked to describe what the world will need from Ingersoll Rand. The answer is clear: it is the combination of our people, technology, science, and products and services capabilities unleashed to reduce energy demand in buildings, transport and industrial systems in a reliable manner. Our core strengths ­ energy efficiency and reliability ­ help control the world's carbon footprint and enhance productivity. With the population expected to expand by 2.4 billion people, or nearly 33 percent, by 2050, the pressure to cut energy demand and greenhouse gas emissions will only increase. Our employees and customers expect Ingersoll Rand to help meet this challenge and that is exactly what we are doing. More than 90 percent of our product portfolio directly addresses demands for greater energy efficiency with lower greenhouse gas emissions in buildings, homes, industrial spaces and transport markets around the world. This portfolio allows us to deliver meaningful change in the world, as well as strong financial results.

In an extremely volatile year, 2015 was further proof that our strategy, culture and business operating system deliver superior results. It was an exceptionally unstable period in the energy sectors, in foreign exchange rates, in emerging markets and in the stock market. Our industrial customers were particularly affected. We managed through this volatility by focusing on our customers' needs and on the elements of our business within our control, while anticipating the issues beyond our control. Although some end markets were softer than expected, our full-year results came in on target. Ingersoll Rand extended its multi-year record of topquartile, diversified industrial peer group performance as measured by organic revenue and earnings growth, incremental margins and total shareholder return. For 2015 specifically, net revenue grew 3 percent from 2014 on a reported basis and 5 percent organically. Adjusted operating margin increased 40 basis points to 11.4 percent, and adjusted earnings per share (EPS) were up 12 percent to $3.73. Our organic operating leverage, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange and mergers and acquisitions, was 35 percent ­ well above our target range of 25 percent to 30 percent. Adjusted free cash flow increased 22 percent yearover-year to $985 million ­ 101 percent of adjusted net income. Executing on our capital allocation strategy in 2015, we increased the company's dividend 16 percent, and repurchased 4.4 million Ingersoll Rand shares for $250 million. During the past five years, and including 2016, our dividend has grown at a compound average annual rate of 24 percent, amounting to approximately onethird of our strong free cash flow. Early in 2015 we purchased FRIGOBLOCK, which became part of our Thermo King business, as well as the assets of Cameron International Corporation's Centrifugal Compression division, which became part of our Compression Technologies and Services business. Despite challenging conditions in their respective

PAGE 2 | INGERSOLL RAND PAGE 2 | INGERSOLL RAND

markets, both businesses were effectively integrated and accretive to adjusted EPS on a cash basis in 2015. We will remain disciplined and continue to prioritize acquisition opportunities with the potential to be accretive in the short term and value-creating for our shareholders over the long term. In December 2015 we announced an agreement to sell our remaining stake in Hussmann, which we closed in April 2016. The company's portfolio transactions over the past five years ­ Allegion, Hussmann, Cameron Centrifugal Compression division and FRIGOBLOCK ­ have created shareholder value, reduced our cyclicality and strengthened Ingersoll Rand's core businesses. Our financial performance underscores a commitment we all share at Ingersoll Rand: to shape the direction of future innovation and create a better experience for our customers. Acting on this commitment, we continue to fully deploy a business operating system that enables us to execute with discipline and precision in pursuit of continuous improvement. And we've created a culture that embodies employee engagement, diversity and a passion for helping our customers succeed. We invested in our core businesses and key strategic capabilities, expanding on our geographic market and channel coverage to execute on our growth excellence strategy. We strengthened our capacity for customercentric, environmentally sustainable innovation. Our engineering teams developed new connected software solutions and new refrigerants, and these innovations are being integrated across our businesses and are delivering increased market share and margins. In addition to sales of the innovative Ingersoll Rand products we introduced in recent years, more than 30 percent of our revenue comes from equipment maintenance, parts and services representing largely repeatable business. Effectively delivering a balanced mix of products and services consistently allows us to be in front of our customers every day. Our focus on people is why we value the quality of our culture so highly. Customers prefer doing business with people who are engaged in the mission of meeting their needs and exceeding their expectations. Employee engagement is the essence of our winning culture and we achieved top-quartile scores in engagement again in 2015. Our people continue to see Ingersoll Rand as a great place to work, which in turn leads to a better customer experience which ultimately delivers shareholder value. Shareholder value is driven by operational excellence as well. We are on a mission to produce strong and predictable results by having the best operating model in the industry. We focus on continuous improvement in all aspects of our businesses and functions. Over the past five years, we've developed new strategic capabilities, trimmed our cost structure, improved productivity and utilization, and reduced our time-to-market. As a result, our operating margins have improved 270 basis points since 2011. As you'll read in the following pages of this annual report, we're deploying our business operating system throughout our businesses, including strategy development, competitive analysis, engineering, product management, supply chain, manufacturing, customer support and all supporting functions. Operational excellence was critical to the company's resilience in 2015, and I believe it will be even more important in what appears to be a continued slowgrowth environment in 2016. Over the past five years

90

% of our product portfolio directly addresses

demands for greater energy efficiency with lower greenhouse gas emissions
IN BUILDINGS, HOMES, INDUSTRIAL SPACES AND TRANSPORT MARKETS AROUND THE WORLD.
2015 ANNUAL REPORT | PAGE 3 2015 ANNUAL REPORT | PAGE 3

Total Net Revenues (Billions)
$14 $12 $10 $8 $6 $4 $2 0
13.3

Adjusted Operating Margins
12% 10% 8% 6% 4% 2% 0
9.6

2015 Total Net Revenue by Segment

12.4

12.9

11.0

11.4

23%

77%
2013 2014 2015
CLIMATE INDUSTRIAL

2013

2014

2015

Adjusted Earnings Per Share
$4.00 $3.50 $3.00 $2.50 $2.00 $1.50 $1.00 $0.50 0

Adjusted EBITDA* Margins
15% 12% 9% 6% 3%
14.1

2015 Revenue by Geography

3.33 2.67

3.73

12.3

13.6

15 % 14 %

5%

66 %

2013

2014

2015

0

2013

2014

2015
NORTH AMERICA EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST ASIA LATIN AMERICA

*Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization

we have expanded our business without adding fixed costs, headcount or facilities footprint. Continuing to deliver organic growth above the industry average, along with our stronger operating leverage, should position Ingersoll Rand to deliver differentiated results in the year ahead. The company's top-quartile performance in 2015 demonstrates our formula is working well. It is a testament to the power of strategy, discipline, innovation and, above all, the commitment of our employees around the world to the vision, purpose and values of Ingersoll Rand. Their passion for making the world a better place is a driving force as we work to develop innovative solutions and improve operational efficiencies.

We begin 2016 with a strong balance sheet and with no significant long-term debt maturities until 2018. We use a dynamic model for deploying the company's free cash flow, weighing investments in the business, dividends, share repurchases and potential portfolio transactions in line with market conditions to create maximum shareholder value. We will continue to focus on our growth opportunities, operating system, capital allocation strategy and culture to serve our customers and create value for our shareholders. On behalf of all of us at Ingersoll Rand, I extend our deep appreciation for your support this past year. We are committed to delivering enduring results, and I look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress. Sincerely,

MICHAEL W. LAMACH CHAIRMAN AND CEO

PAGE 4 | INGERSOLL RAND

