Message from Our CEO

Dear Shareholder:
Truly premier performance requires the right people and the right strategies coming together ­ over time ­ to create success. I am pleased with the progress we made in 2011 toward this goal.
In a year when economic challenges took a toll on consumer markets and the commercial sector, we focused on improving performance for our customers, creating a highly engaged workplace and delivering shareholder value. We grew revenue 8 percent over 2010, excluding the results of the Hussmann divestiture. We improved operating margins by 1.2 percentage points. We also solidified a strong foundation for growth based on our commitment to three key enterprise strategies:
Michael W. Lamach Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

growing through innovation, emerging markets and services; deploying operational excellence; and building a progressive, diverse and inclusive culture.
As we look at global macro-trends, Ingersoll Rand is well positioned to address the challenges posed by constrained resources in an increasingly populated world. Premier performing companies are sustainable. That is why we view sustainability as a fundamental element of our business that supports our three enterprise strategies. As a result, our integrated annual report covers financial performance in the context of our broader social and environmental impact and opportunities. Financial Highlights In 2011, Ingersoll Rand increased adjusted earnings per share by 19.5 percent to $2.82. We generated $944 million of available cash and continued our balanced capital allocation strategy. Our solid balance sheet and cash flow performance supported our commitment to long-term shareholder value through share buyback and dividend programs. We initiated share repurchases in June 2011, purchasing 36 million shares by year-end. We also announced two dividend increases last year ­ an increase of 71 percent, followed by an increase of 33 percent. In spite of the slow-growth environment we experienced in 2011, pricing and productivity gains supported increases in operating margin. We successfully launched new sales tools and policies to ensure that pricing exceeded direct material inflation. We made productivity improvements in all segments and reduced our manufacturing footprint by 29 percent since 2009, which exceeded our target. In doing so, we furthered our lean transformation efforts to achieve financial targets while improving resource efficiency and enhancing environmental performance.

Our Path to Premier Performance

2

Ingersoll Rand

Message from Our CEO

Total Net Revenues

Growth through Innovation, Emerging Markets and Services

2011 2010 2009

$14.8 Billion $14.0 Billion $13.0 Billion 13.8%
increase from 2009 to 2011

Critical to Ingersoll Rand's margin improvement efforts is continued investment in innovation. We measure our vitality in the market by the revenue generated from products and services launched in the past three years. In 2011, new products and services accounted for 23 percent of total revenue, growing steadily from 13 percent in 2008. As we look to high-growth regions, we see powerful possibilities. In India, for example, where 2011 revenue grew at a rate two times GDP growth, we have redeployed investment for research and development and local manufacturing to better support India's goal of becoming a global green building leader by 2015. We have partnered with government and

Adjusted Operating Margins

2011 2010 2009

10.2% 9.0% 6.8%
increase from 2009 to 2011

non-governmental agencies to create a sustainable plan for quadrupling the amount of building space over the next 20 years, helping provide the estimated space needed to satisfy India's rapidly growing economy and population. The launch of our Green Product Portfolio in 2011 represents a significant step in supporting our customers' sustainability objectives, such as those of the construction industry in India. Operational Excellence In 2011, we continued to advance our operational excellence strategy to drive efficiency and improve customer satisfaction over the long term. As part of our aggressive lean transformation, we held more than 135

3.4 Percentage Points
Adjusted Earnings Per Share from Continuing Operations

2011 2010 2009

$2.82 $2.36 $1.48 91%
increase from 2009 to 2011

rapid improvement events focused on generating positive improvements in processes and activities across 19 value streams. We made significant progress in our targeted metrics, including a 35 percent reduction in cycle times, 49 percent reduction in cost of poor quality and an increase of seven points in employee engagement surveys. We will increasingly address material productivity and reduce functional costs as key elements of operational excellence. Progressive, Diverse and Inclusive Culture Growth through innovation and operational excellence are only possible when we fully engage the hearts, minds and passion of our employees. Ingersoll Rand is building a progressive, diverse and inclusive culture by promoting an environment where creativity is nurtured and individual talents are respected. As our organization grows to better reflect the diverse nature of the markets we serve, our diversity focus enhances our ability to develop products and services that meet new and growing customer needs around the world. In addition to spurring innovation, our culture helps us maintain a competitive edge in attracting and retaining top talent.

2011 Annual Report

3

Message from Our CEO

Moving Forward
Revenues by Geography

We have high aspirations for our company. We know meeting all of our
North America Europe, Middle East Asia Latin America

2010
15% 13% 6% 66%

objectives will take time, but we are not waiting for a macroeconomic lift to improve our business. Instead, we are investing in growth markets and proactively working to reduce costs to generate sustainable, profitable growth. Our focus for the year ahead is on positioning Ingersoll Rand to continue growing revenues, earnings and cash flow. We look to 2012 and beyond with confidence in:

2011
16% 14% 6% 64%

our portfolio of outstanding, market-leading brands; our ability to generate high levels of cash flow, even in the face
of a challenging backdrop;

the long-term attractiveness of our end markets and our competitive
positioning; and

our strong penetration and positioning in emerging markets with
significant growth potential. While we anticipate continued challenges throughout 2012, I am
Revenues by Sector

energized by the prospects of a promising future. Premier performance
Climate Solutions Residential Solutions Industrial Technologies Security Technologies

2011
14% 19% 11% 56%

is all about understanding the critical, growing needs of a dynamic world and executing on a sustainable strategy to address those needs. Guided by our purpose to advance the quality of life by creating and sustaining safe, comfortable and efficient environments, Ingersoll Rand can and will make great contributions to a resource-constrained world. I am proud to lead Ingersoll Rand's journey as CEO and offer my sincere thanks to our employees who continue to exceed our expectations of what is possible. Sincerely,

Michael W. Lamach Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Ingersoll Rand

4

Ingersoll Rand

