With the June 2008 acquisition of Trane, our company began
a new chapter in its long and proud history. Today, Ingersoll Rand
is the world leader in creating and sustaining safe, comfortable
and efficient environments
In these areas we bring uniquely qualified expertise
to bear on critical needs of customers and people
around the world. We deliver solutions that promote
high-performance buildings, grocery stores, homes,
schools, health care and recreational facilities,
commercial and industrial operations, and numerous
other environments essential to commerce and
society. We do so with a company that projects a
profoundly larger global scale, and leading brands in
commercial and residential building, climate control,
industrial and security markets.
Our transformed business portfolio positions
Ingersoll Rand to remain at the center of daily life,
even during the extraordinarily challenging economic
conditions we currently face. Our refrigeration
solutions enable the continuing availability of fresh,
safe and nutritious foods, and are helping to extend
the shelf life of harvests. Our air conditioning and
heating systems create comfortable, productive
and energy-efficient environments for residential,
commercial and institutional buildings. Our industrial
products enable process, manufacturing and assembly
operations to efficiently convert raw materials and
components into finished goods. Our security
solutions protect people and property at home, at
work and in public venues throughout the world.
We are more directly connected to people’s lives
than ever. At the same time, we have rarely been
tested by as many challenges at once as we are today.
Beginning in the latter half of 2008, most of the
markets in which we participate severely contracted
and have yet to show signs of a meaningful recovery.
Our 2008 financial performance reflected the dramatic
economic downturn, and we responded with difficult
but necessary actions to restructure our operations
in line with foreseeable demand. The restructuring
actions we implemented will result in a net savings
of $100 million in 2009 and significantly benefit our
long-term business performance.
More immediately, we are focused on cash
generation as we seek to strengthen our balance sheet
and manage our debt, which increased considerably
due to the acquisition of Trane. Despite the economic
downturn, we generated $619 million of available
cash flow* in 2008 and reduced our outstanding debt
by approximately $900 million since the acquisition
of Trane. In addition, through an intense focus on
acquisition synergies, productivity and working capital
reduction, we remain on track to achieve our debt-
related targets and commitments. In fact, we
exceeded our 2008 synergies target of $75 million
by 40 percent, and expect to achieve $395 million in
total synergies savings by the end of 2010.
A Powerful Combination
Much of our success in driving synergies, cost
reductions and productivity improvement stems
from the more natural linkages that now exist across
our businesses and their alignment with our core
platforms of safety, comfort and efficiency. As a result,
our businesses continue to find much in common
with each other, whether related to manufacturing,
technologies, markets, channels or support
functions. These shared interests translate into more
effective and efficient operations, enhanced business
opportunities, and improved customer experiences.
Even better, we know that many more opportunities
will emerge as we continue to discover new
capabilities from our combined business offering.
We have already seen how this new portfolio
can deliver customer-pleasing solutions and expanded
business opportunities. Just two weeks after the
Trane acquisition, our Hussmann business began
servicing walk-in coolers and providing other services
to a Trane Commercial Systems customer in the airline
industry. At the request of the developer working on
a new arena in Orlando, Florida, Trane Commercial
Systems and Ingersoll Rand’s Security Technologies
business delivered a coordinated solution for HVAC,
controls, security and fire protection. In China,
a long-standing customer
relationship with our
Industrial Technologies business opened
the door for
Trane Commercial Systems to win an HVAC project
for a steel manufacturing plant.
Similarly, we are serving our customers more
effectively through integrated manufacturing and
technology. For example, Trane’s Compressor Center
of Excellence helped Thermo King quickly move
forward with a compressor remanufacturing project
that provides customers with a less-expensive
alternative during these challenging economic times.
In China, Trane Commercial Systems and Industrial
Technologies employees presented a combined
energy-savings seminar to more than 150 customers
and government officials, offering our unique
expertise to provide ideas and solutions to reduce
energy consumption.
The Trane acquisition also has generated
considerable efficiencies and benefits for our company
and our customers. Our larger global scale enhances
our purchasing power across all categories of direct
and indirect materials and logistics, and ensures
we remain cost-competitive across our markets.
In addition, we have a number of opportunities to
achieve synergies and cost savings in the areas of
services, parts and distribution.
Our Business Operating System continues to drive
operational excellence, and the infusion of Trane’s
organizational best practices across our six Enterprise
Focus Areas
(EFAs)
is accelerating the company’s
continuous-improvement efforts. The EFAs, described
in more detail on page 3, develop standard, enterprise-
wide processes related to business planning and
execution, customer-focused solutions, manufacturing
and services excellence, leadership and employee
engagement. These processes, in turn, are formalized
as institutional practices through tools and modules
that comprise the company’s Business Operating
System. In this way, all of our businesses around the
world use the same processes to drive business
planning, innovation, productivity, talent development,
customer satisfaction, and other areas critical to our
market leadership in safety, comfort and efficiency.
At the Forefront
of Sustainable Growth
Trane substantially enhances our ability to develop
and deliver environmentally beneficial solutions,
particularly relating to energy efficiency. Through Trane
we offer industry-leading energy efficient heating,
ventilation and air conditioning systems and solutions
for both new and existing buildings. We also have
the industry’s largest network of engineers trained
in developing green buildings. In fact, more than
500 of our
engineers have achieved the U.S.
Green Building Council’s Leadership in Energy and
Environmental Design
(LEED)
certification. Trane also
is a recognized leader in energy services and
performance contracting with capabilities that span
from the initial modeling of energy savings through
delivery of turnkey energy solutions and service
for the life cycle of the facility.
Across all of our businesses we help our customers
achieve their sustainability goals while enabling
improved productivity, efficiency and safety and
security. Through our Industrial Technologies Sector
we offer energy-efficient tools, air compressors and
zero-emission Club Car vehicles to help customers
in industries as diverse as manufacturing plants and
hotel properties achieve their environmental goals.
Through our Security Technologies Sector we offer
building security solutions that include doors, locks,
hardware, and electronic and biometric access control
systems, including products that incorporate recycled
materials. Through our Climate Control Technologies
Sector we offer innovative refrigeration systems
that feature industry-leading energy efficiency for
preserving foods and perishables during transportation
and in grocery stores and ensuring the safety of
our food supply.
We continue to manage our own operations with
a heightened understanding of our obligations to the
environment, the health and safety of our employees
and our customers’ employees, and the welfare of
our communities. This includes a focus on reducing
our energy and water consumption, our greenhouse
gas emissions, and the use of materials harmful to
the environment. Also, through monetary donations
by our company and employees, and through
employee volunteers, we are helping to make the
communities in which we live and work better.
Beginning on page 4 of this report we provide an
overview of our commitment to sustainable business
practices and the way we support our customers’
sustainability efforts. A more detailed sustainability
report can be found on our company’s website:
www.ingersollrand.com.
I know that the approximately 60,000
Ingersoll Rand employees around the world share my
pride in building a company that plays a vital role in
economic and societal development and the well-
being of people across the globe. Together we are
providing solutions that improve the health, safety,
security and comfort of the world’s citizens, and doing
so with increasingly energy-efficient technologies and
an enterprise commitment to sustainable business
practices. By positioning ourselves at the intersection
of critical global needs, and by continuously developing
industry-leading innovations to address these needs,
Ingersoll Rand stands prepared to capitalize on
long-term market trends for the benefit of customers,
employees, shareholders and communities around
the world.
Herbert L. Henkel
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
April 2009
