Dear Shareowners, Employees, Customers and Friends, Over the past three years, ITT has delivered solid performance and results while consistently investing for growth. Our 2014 full-year results are the latest reflection of our success with organic revenue up 7 percent, emerging market organic revenue up 14 percent, adjusted segment operating income up 17 percent and adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations up 22 percent. These outstanding results reflect our diversified and balanced portfolio, as we performed well in all three of our key end markets in 2014. Our transportation and industrial markets, when combined, grew 5 percent led by our aerospace, automotive and rail businesses. The strength in these two markets, representing nearly 80 percent of our portfolio, was further enhanced by the 20 percent growth in our oil and gas market. Our results also reflect our focused execution, which was driven by the contributions and commitment of our more than 9,400 employees globally. From enhancing our brake pad and pump capabilities, to turning around our connectors and shock absorber businesses, to advancing our Lean journey, our employees have all used their bold thinking and collective know-how to build on our multi-year track record of performance. As we look ahead, our strategy will be centered on three key areas, reflecting our even sharper focus considering the dynamic operating environment expected in 2015: Optimizing Our Execution ­ We will continue our momentum in capturing opportunities to improve efficiency and costs, and we expect to take a variety of actions that will strengthen our focus and market leadership positions while enabling us to better serve customers and prepare for long-term growth. Many of these actions will take place in our Industrial Process business as we leverage our investments in this business and address the current realities of the oil and gas market. In addition, we will continue to advance our Lean transformation, which will help us achieve another year of significant gross productivity savings. Expanding Our Market Positions ­ We expect strong performance in our non-oil and gas related end markets. In the transportation end market, we expect our growth to be driven by global expansion in our automotive friction business, and in the industrial market, we anticipate that our growth will reflect strong chemical and industrial pump activity as we intensify our focus on our core markets. We also anticipate emerging market growth as the result of our ongoing above-market performance in our automotive friction business in China. Balanced and Effective Capital Deployment ­ We will continue our track record in this area by funding major organic investments that extend our global reach and capabilities while focusing on acquisitions, which are also a critical component of our long-term capital deployment priorities. As part of these efforts, we will leverage the work we have done over the past year to build out our cultivation capabilities by enhancing our processes and reorganizing our internal resources while building out our pipeline. We believe this focus will provide us significant advantages as we move through 2015 and continue to face a difficult external environment with foreign exchange and global oil and gas market headwinds. Across ITT, we are confident that through our collective commitment, we will continue to drive our multi-industry strategy, which is keenly focused on long-term growth and value creation for shareowners. We remain committed to achieving everything our stakeholders expect of us, and we look forward to continuing on this journey with each of you. Sincerely,

Denise L. Ramos Chief Executive Officer and President

