Dear Shareowners, Employees, Customers and Friends, At the beginning of 2015, there was a growing level of uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment that created an intense focus across ITT on managing those areas that were within our control. As the year unfolded, that focus intensified as external conditions continued to deteriorate with declining oil and gas markets, weaker than expected general industrial markets and the negative impacts of foreign exchange. However, despite the challenges we faced, ITT generated solid financial results and made significant strides in advancing our strategy as a result of our collective focus on optimizing execution, market expansion, and balanced and effective capital deployment. · Our organic revenue was down 1 percent, as 4 percent growth in transportation markets, led by automotive, was offset by declines in the oil and gas and general industrial markets, which were collectively down 5 percent. · We expanded our adjusted operating income margin by 80 basis points to a record 12.8 percent as we drove productivity and efficiencies across the company. · And at $2.55 per share, we delivered another strong year of adjusted earnings per share growth, which was up 13 percent excluding the impact of foreign exchange. As we look ahead, we will continue to drive momentum and remain laser focused on the three key areas that drove our progress in 2015: Optimizing Our Execution ­ As we move through 2016, we will continue to capture opportunities to improve efficiency and costs, and we expect to take a number of actions that will strengthen our focus and market leadership positions, help us better serve customers and build our strategic path for the future. A focus of these actions will be our Industrial Process business, as we continue to align with the realities of the oil and gas market. In addition, we are targeting another year of significant productivity savings, driven by advancing our Lean transformation and realizing supply chain and restructuring benefits. Expanding Our Market Positions ­ We expect strong performance in 2016 in our transportation markets driven by global expansion in our automotive friction business due to new original equipment manufacturer platforms and customers in North America and China, as well as market share gains in Europe, where we expect to continue to outpace auto production rates. Balanced and Effective Capital Deployment ­ From a capital allocation standpoint, we will continue our track record of balanced and effective capital deployment by funding major organic investments that extend our global reach and capabilities and drive future organic growth. Our plans include investments in a new North American automotive brake pad production facility and in aerospace engineering to increase our content on new and existing long-term platforms. At the same time, we also will continue focusing on acquisition opportunities, which are a critical part of our long-term capital deployment priorities. We believe this focus will provide us significant advantages as we move through 2016 and continue to face a challenging external environment. Across ITT, we are confident that we will further drive our strategy and build on our multi-year track record of strong performance through the bold thinking and collective know-how of our employees around the world. We all remain committed to exceeding the expectations of our stakeholders, and we look forward to continuing on this journey with each of you. Sincerely,

Denise L. Ramos Chief Executive Officer and President

