Dear Shareowners, Employees, Customers and Friends,

In life and in business, progress is often achieved not by the great leap or enormous stride but by steady steps in the right direction that reflect a day-to-day commitment and investment in one's success. Over the past two years, ITT has embraced that approach by consistently investing for growth while delivering a solid track record of premier performance and results. Our 2013 full-year results are the latest reflection of our success, with total revenue up 12 percent to $2.5 billion and organic revenue up 6 percent, adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations up 20 percent to $2.02 and adjusted segment operating income up 21 percent. These are outstanding results and reflect the commitment and winning spirit of our more than 9,400 employees around the world. However, while we are all pleased with our progress, we're also continually envisioning what's ahead. Each day our employees invest themselves in finding new ways of solving complex problems, leveraging technology and working smarter to serve our customers in the energy, transportation and industrial markets. In 2013, that forward thinking contributed to our results and will continue to create value and growth for years to come. Our focus has been and will remain on opportunities to expand in key markets, provide a premier customer experience, drive operational excellence and deploy capital effectively. · We have furthered the ability of our teams to serve the oil and gas industry in key markets such as Asia and North America by enhancing our research, development and production capabilities for our pump facilities. · We are driving our ability to better meet the needs of our customers in the world's largest automobile market by expanding our brake pad production and research and development facilities in China. · In every corner of the organization, we are embracing Lean practices that are making our operations more

streamlined and ensuring that every system, process, program and activity helps us deliver a premier customer experience. Thanks to our commitment to Lean and our focus on operational excellence, we delivered a second year of more than $100 million in gross productivity savings. · We are helping ensure our people have the skills and resources to meet evolving customer needs through enhancing our talent management processes and supporting programs to engage employees in building a high-performing, rewarding culture that retains and attracts world-class talent. This isn't all we accomplished in 2013 but it represents the strong foundation we have in place and our commitment to driving profitable growth and value creation. This commitment is also reflected in our five-year strategy, which sets forth how our unique market positions and capabilities will drive our winning aspirations in the years ahead. Oliver Wendell Holmes once said, "The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand as in what direction we are moving." When I look ahead, I could not be more excited to be part of this company at this moment. At ITT, we are on our way to achieving the characteristics of all great growth companies ­ from premier financial performance, to market differentiation and customer focus, to a winning culture and best-in-class talent and capabilities. We are invested in our future and dreaming big for the benefit of ITT shareowners, customers and employees. We look forward to making this journey with each of you. Sincerely,

Denise L. Ramos
Chief Executive Officer and President 2013 Annual Report | 1

