Sincerely,

All of this will provide us significant advantages as we move through 2017. However, just as important as our strategic approach are the contributions of our 9,500 people around the world, who reflect our principles of impeccable character, bold thinking and collective know-how and are dedicated every day to solving our customers' most critical challenges and driving our success. Across ITT, we all remain committed to exceeding the expectations of all our stakeholders, and we look forward to continuing on this journey with each of you.

As we move through 2017, we are mindful that we will continue to face a challenging environment. Given that, we will continue our intense focus on our key growth drivers. We will also accelerate our progress in driving world-class operational capabilities with the creation of a new Chief Operating Officer structure. And, as always, we will continue to manage those areas over which we have control and drive enhanced long-term value for shareowners.

In 2016, we also continued to focus on helping ensure our people have the necessary skills and resources to meet evolving market and customer demand by enhancing our talent management processes and supporting programs to engage employees in building a healthy, high-performing and rewarding culture that attracts and retains world-class talent.

Deploying Capital Effectively ­ We continued to deploy our capital in balanced and effective ways to both position us for long-term success and return value to shareowners. We made organic investments to expand our global friction business, and in January 2017, we acquired Axtone Railway Components to further position us as a global transportation leader. In addition, we returned about $114 million to shareowners by executing $70 million of share repurchases and increasing our quarterly dividend.

Driving Market Expansion ­ In the transportation end market, we continued to gain market share and expand geographically as we increased revenue approximately 20 percent driven by growth in our automotive friction business and our recent acquisition of Wolverine Advanced Materials. We also significantly advanced our global automotive brake pad strategy to evolve from a regional to a global supplier while diversifying our customer base and increasing volume across platforms that should drive stronger future aftermarket growth.

Optimizing Execution ­ Throughout the year, we proactively restructured our operations, drove cost controls, and improved productivity and efficiency, which helped us mitigate some of the unfavorable impacts from our markets. A focus of these actions was our Industrial Process business, which continued to optimize and align its operations and cost structure to reflect current market conditions and to better propel the business over the long-term.

In 2016, our growth strategies continued to be guided by our goal of creating long-term value through optimizing execution, driving market expansion and deploying capital effectively, as well as focusing on people and culture. During the past year, we made important strides with each of our key growth drivers:

Over the past year, ITT continued to face a difficult external environment that reflected an historic reset in global oil and gas markets and weaker-than-expected industrial market demand. Despite these pressures, we maintained our collective focus on addressing these challenges while advancing our essential long-term growth strategies.

Dear Shareowners, Employees, Customers and Friends,

Denise L. Ramos Chief Executive Officer and President

