To Our Shareholders

When talking with our shareholders and the investment community, as well as our customers and the people in our nearly 600 business units, an everyday topic is our 80/20 process. During the past 20 years, ITW's version of 80/20 has evolved from a way of improving production methods to a process we apply to virtually everything we do. The basic tenet of 80/20 is quite simple: build your business around the 20 percent of your customers who represent 80 percent of your revenues. The difficult part, and what our people do so well, is taking this simple premise and making it work effectively and efficiently in all aspects of our businesses. If you think of ITW with its operations around the world as an integrated network, then our 80/20 process is the vital piece of software that helps keep that network running smoothly and profitably. Financial Performance The corporate-wide application of this process has helped to produce a series of successful years for ITW and puts us in a strong position to continue our well documented financial track record. Our financial performance last year bears this out. In what developed into a challenging 2000 for most companies in the latter part of the year, our record revenues for the full year were up 7 percent to $10 billion. Acquisitions accounted for 8 percent of that growth and the base businesses grew 2 percent, offset by a 3 percent decline from currency translation. The impact of the Euro proved particularly troublesome in 2000. Our record operating income for the year outpaced revenue gains--increasing 11 percent to $1.56 billion versus $1.41 billion in 1999--and our operating margins in 2000 improved to 15.7 percent even as many of our end markets slowed late in 2000. We remain bullish about future margin growth, especially when you consider

2

From left to right: Philip M. Gresh, Jr., executive vice president; Hugh J. Zentmyer, executive vice president; W. James Farrell, chairman and chief executive officer; David T. Flood, executive vice president; Russell M. Flaum, executive vice president; David B. Speer, executive vice president; James M. Ringler, vice chairman; Jon C. Kinney, chief financial officer; Frank S. Ptak, vice chairman; Thomas J. Hansen, executive vice president; Dennis J. Martin, executive vice president; Allan C. Sutherland, senior vice president.

that more than $5 billion of revenues for the year were a result of businesses acquired over the last three years. The average operating margin of these businesses, at acquisition, was in the range of 8 percent to 9 percent and our process takes up to five years to move these margins up to our corporate average. As a result, we believe there is significant potential for margin enhancement in our current businesses. Net income for the year reached a record $958 million and net income per share was $3.15, both 14 percent increases versus 1999. Our 2000 earnings per share included 18 cents of asset writedowns and restructuring charges at the former Premark operations compared to the one time charge of 23 cents in 1999. We continue to invest in 80/20 initiatives at the Food Equipment and Wilsonart businesses. In fact, we realized a nearly 2 percent increase in the operating margins of the combined Premark operations in 2000, which puts us on schedule to achieve our stated plan to improve operating margins from 9 percent in 1999 to 18 percent by 2004. We believe the benefits from investments made in these businesses during 2000 will result in an earnings contribution of 10 cents per share in 2001. Looking Ahead Our core businesses had a strong first half of 2000, but sales weakened later in the year as a result of general slowing in the U.S. economy. The North American markets are expected to continue to slow in 2001, before picking up in the second half of the year. We believe that successfully managing a company includes charting the right course in both good times and bad. Even with a slowing economy, we continue to be opportunistic and make "bottom up" acquisitions designed to add businesses directly related to, or that can be readily integrated into, existing product lines or markets. In

3

2000, 45 such acquisitions added slightly more than $1 billion in sales, most notably Siddons Ramset Limited (construction) in Australia and A. J. Gerrard (industrial packaging) in the United States. As we plan for the future, we see significant growth opportunities for ITW. Today, we are in a much better competitive position than we were during the last economic downturn in 1991. The underpinnings for our success continue to be our emphasis on product development, which yields value-added goods that meet very specific customer needs. As a result, we market much broader product lines, sell to a significantly wider range of end users and have more balanced sales distribution between the U.S. and overseas compared to 10 years ago. We continue to enjoy strong growth rates in sales, margins and earnings, due in large part to greater market penetration and a better mix of existing and acquired businesses. Before ending this review of the first year of the new millennium, we want to thank and extend our best wishes to several members of our management team who have helped make possible our record of successes. Ron Seager and Tom Mann have retired after each serving more than two decades with ITW. Ron, who was executive vice president of the consumer packaging and decorating businesses, was succeeded by newly named executive vice president Phil Gresh. Tom's most recent role was president of our decorating businesses. We thank both Ron and Tom for their many contributions over the years. David Flood was also elected to the senior management team in 2000 to the position of executive vice president of our polymers, fluids and machined components businesses.

This year we became a 10 billion dollar company
We also welcomed hundreds of new individuals to the ITW family during the past year, helping us further build a team which daily meets the needs of thousands of worldwide customers. No matter what the state of the economy and the competitive environment, we are confident that the members of our team will continue to serve customers successfully. As a result, ITW will continue to be a winner, both as a place to work, and as a company to do business with and in which to invest.

Frank S. Ptak Vice Chairman February 28, 2001

W. James Farrell Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

James M. Ringler Vice Chairman

4

