 thOmaS j. hanSEn and david b. SPEER
Letter to Our Shareholders
For the customers we serve, the concept of value translates in every language. At ITW, we are focused on providing value to our customers throughout the world in ways that make a meaningful difference in their work every day.
Our products and processes are designed to improve productivity. We are innovative— typically adding new functionality before our customers even ask for it. We ensure product reliability and then strive to improve upon it. In short, we aim to give our customers a real competitive advantage.
Our ability to deliver innovative products, provide exceptional customer service and continually focus on improvement has fueled our growth throughout the world. Today, ITW is increasingly diversified and serves a broad range of end markets on a truly global basis. Our customers know they can rely on our products throughout more industries and countries than ever before.
Diversification is good for business. As you can see on the accompanying charts on page 5, ITW’s revenue mix has changed significantly since 1997 with continual expansion into new end markets and new geographies. This larger footprint provides a more stable business base enabling us to tap into economic opportunities on a global basis. Continued diversification is the natural evolution of our business and will be an ongoing focus for us in the years ahead.
We are pleased to report that 2006 was another solid year of financial performance. We made inroads in our International business sectors with strong growth in both Asia and Europe. In North America, we had good growth in a number of end markets that was moderated by declines in both the North American new housing sector and automotive segment. In a year like 2006, this diversification of our revenues clearly worked to our advantage.
New End Markets and Geographies
Year in Review
ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. PAGE NO. 

2006 Acquisitions
Looking Ahead
Our revenues for 2006 were $14.1 billion, representing a 10 percent increase over 2005. Our top-line growth was the result of a four percent increase in base revenues, a seven percent contribution from acquisitions and a one percent decline in inter-company sales. Diluted net income per share of $3.01 for the full year was a healthy 16 percent higher than 2005.
Full-year operating margins improved 50 basis points to 17.2 percent, thanks in large part to strong growth in our International operating units. Free operating cash flow increased to a record $1.8 billion, up from $1.6 billion in 2005. In addition, our return on average invested capital improved to 18.6 percent from 17.7 percent in the prior year.
Throughout our history, solid base revenue growth coupled with strategic acquisitions have been our formula for success. Over the past 25 years, ITW has been an excellent investment, returning 19 percent on a compound annual basis for our shareholders. Since 1982, our revenue and our return on invested capital have both grown at a 15 percent compound annual growth rate, while earnings per share have increased at a 14 percent compound annual rate. We are proud to have built a company that is focused on growth and positioned to perform well in a variety of economic conditions across an increasingly diversified group of end markets and geographies.
The Company’s record free operating cash flow was put to good use, in part, to purchase 53 companies, representing $1.7 billion of annualized revenues—an increase of more than $1.0 billion over 2005. Our acquisition activity this year was truly global in nature, as 24 of our new units are International-based enterprises and 29 are North American- based companies. The majority of our acquisitions complement existing business units, while several of our larger acquisitions provide new growth platforms or expand existing ones.
Our strong balance sheet, coupled with a more flexible capital structure, gives us the ability to act on future opportunities. Our current capital structure provides the ability to grow the company and enhance value for our shareholders in various ways. These include reinvesting in the growth of our existing businesses via capital expenditures, providing good dividends to our shareholders, acquiring new companies with solid growth prospects and utilizing our share repurchase program.
As we look ahead, we will continue to rely on our extensive know-how and expertise in growing our business, which are based on adding significant value for our customers while creating solid benefits for our shareholders and our people. We thank all of you for your support and contributions in our past successes. In the not-so-distant future, we believe ITW will likely consist of more than 1,000+ business units and we expect to derive approximately half of our revenue from International businesses. Creating value for customers throughout divergent end markets and across new and familiar geographies and cultures will fuel our continuing expansion. We look forward to the opportunities in 2007 and beyond.
 david b. SPEER
ChaiRman and
ChiEf ExECutivE OffiCER
fEbRuaRy 22, 2007
thOmaS j. hanSEn
viCE ChaiRman fEbRuaRy 22, 2007
 PAGE NO. 
2006 aNNuaL RepORT
