LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
In 2012, in the midst of a challenging global economic environment, ITW generated organic revenue growth of two percent. Modestly positive industrial production trends in the U.S. helped offset tough economic conditions in Europe and uneven market conditions in Asia. In particular, our welding, test & measurement and automotive businesses delivered strong organic growth despite the difficult macroeconomic environment.
We also made solid progress in profitability improvement in 2012. We increased our adjusted earnings per share 10 percent and improved operating margins by 50 basis points. In addition, we invested nearly $100 million in restructuring projects, many of which were associated with the execution of enterprise strategy initiatives that will further enhance our future profitability and returns on capital. We also increased our dividend payment for the fiftieth consecutive year,* and in December, accelerated our January 2013 dividend payment to enable our shareholders to benefit from the dividend tax rate that expired at the end of 2012.
ITW’S DIFFERENTIATED BUSINESS MODEL: OUR UNIQUE CORE CAPABILITIES
At ITW, our commitment to operational excellence and innovation has kept us on a path of strong financial performance for more than 100 years. The company is built on a differentiated business model comprised of three unique core capabilities: our 80/20 business process, sustainable differentiation and our entrepreneurial culture. These have long been the core of who we are as a company and the source of our ability to deliver value-added solutions for our customers and differentiated financial performance for our shareholders.
However, we did not reach 100 years as a company by not changing along the way. There is no question that the competitive landscape is changing and, despite our past success, we must adapt to these changes. In 2012, we launched our 2012-2017 enterprise strategy, which is centered on three enterprise-wide initiatives that focus the company on generating maximum performance leverage and impact from ITW’s unique core capabilities.
KEY ENTERPRISE INITIATIVES
As the competitive environment in which we operate continues to intensify and globalize, operational excellence alone is no longer enough to generate best-in-class margins and returns. Through our portfolio management initiative we are shifting sustainable differentiation from a “desirable” to a “must-have” attribute as
we construct our portfolio and invest our capital. As a result, we will focus the company on businesses with distinctive and robust competitive advantages that are well positioned to deliver solid organic growth, and divest businesses that no longer align with the company’s strategy.
With our business structure simplification initiative, we are simplifying and scaling up our operating structure in order to focus our energy and resources on our larger businesses and best growth opportunities. In doing so, we will move average annual revenue
per division from approximately $25 million to $100 million or more. This process will generate both improved overhead cost productivity and enhanced capacity and resources for the marketing and innovation investments necessary to sustain differentiation and drive organic growth.
Lastly, through our strategic sourcing initiative, we are committed to aggressively leveraging our scale at the enterprise level in order to drive meaningful reductions in sourced material costs.
HIGHLY DISCIPLINED CAPITAL ALLOCATION
Our enterprise strategy is underpinned by a highly disciplined approach to capital allocation. We will allocate capital only to businesses and growth opportunities that have the potential to generate long-term risk adjusted returns significantly above our cost of capital. A key component of our disciplined capital allocation strategy is the willingness to return a meaningful percentage of our free operating cash flow to our shareholders in the form of both dividends and share repurchases. The past year was no exception as we returned over $800 million to our shareholders in the form
of dividends and more than $2 billion through share repurchases. Based on the strength of our business model, dividends and share repurchases will continue to contribute meaningfully to total returns for our shareholders as we execute our 2012-2017 enterprise strategy.
DIFFERENTIATED PERFORMANCE
Through the implementation of our three enterprise strategy initiatives in combination with ITW’s differentiated business model, we are positioning the company to deliver solid growth with strong returns and best-in-class operating performance. The performance goals that we have established in conjunction with the execution of our enterprise strategy reflect our commitment to leveraging ITW’s uniquecorecapabilitiestotheirfullpotential.ITW’senterprisestrategy performance goals are detailed on page 17 of this report.
MANAGEMENT DEVELOPMENTS
A deeply talented and experienced management team has long been a hallmark of ITW. Our current senior leadership team averages over 20 years of service with the company and, simply put, they are an exceptional group of leaders.
We were all deeply saddened by the passing of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer David Speer in November. He will be greatly missed. David served as a mentor to many of us over the years, and
*except during period of government controls in 1971
ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. 5

ITW was fortunate to have the benefit of his leadership for more than 30 years. We are well positioned to lead ITW into the future thanks to the solid foundation David helped build.
Early in 2013, Jane L. Warner retired as executive vice president. Jane joined ITW in 2005 as president of worldwide finishing and was named executive vice president in 2007. We would like to thank Jane for her valuable contributions to ITW and wish her the very best in retirement.
Lastly, we would like to sincerely thank all the talented ITW people around the world for their creativity, passion and dedication to serving our customers and the company with excellence.
MOVING FORWARD
Through the execution of the enterprise strategy that we detail in this annual report, we will be the same ITW—only more focused, more efficient and more streamlined in order to deliver profitable growth with best-in-class operating margins and returns. Our management team is executing aggressively on the opportunity that we have
to enhance our performance through narrowing the focus of our business portfolio, simplifying our operating structure and better leveraging our purchasing power. Since our founding a century ago, ITW has never been afraid to change and adapt when necessary. We look to the future with confidence in the strength of our business model, and we are committed to leveraging it fully for the benefit of our customers and our shareholders through the implementation of our 2012-2017 enterprise strategy.
 Sincerely,
E. SCOTT SANTI
PRESIDENT &
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
ROBERT S. MORRISON
NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
   E. SCOTT SANTI AND ROBERT MORRISON
6 2012 ANNUAL REPORT
 IN MEMORY OF
DAVID B. SPEER CHAIRMAN & CEO ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS 1951-2012
David Speer, an insightful leader, mentor and friend to many, passed away on November 17, 2012. In addition to his remarkable business acumen, his warmth and integrity touched many lives. He will be greatly missed.
Beginning in 1978, David served in a number of marketing
and management positions before becoming general manager of ITW’s Buildex division in 1984. David was a natural, charismatic leader—and a savvy salesman—and his roles
and responsibilities continued to expand. In 2005, David was elected chief executive officer, and in 2006 he added the role of chairman of the board of directors.
David’s success never affected his demeanor or work style.
He remained a hands-on manager who saw no fundamental difference between himself and his employees, regardless of their role or position. He believed in the potential of each person and his enthusiasm about ITW’s strengths and opportunities was infectious. Under David’s leadership, ITW achieved unprecedented global growth. The ITW he helped build has roots in virtually every corner of the globe.
David’s dedication and compassion extended beyond ITW. He was well known for his philanthropic efforts and firmly believed in giving back to local communities. He expanded the ITW Foundation’s programs and charitable contributions and was equally generous with his own time. You were as likely to see David rolling up his sleeves at a Junior Achievement Bowl-a- Thon as you were to see him chairing a black-tie fundraiser. He truly believed that individuals and businesses could make a difference in the lives of others.
We will miss David and will honor his memory by staying true to ITW’s culture and values and building on the strong foundation he left us to move ITW into the future.
