  To Our Shareholders
At ITW, our commitment to innovation, operational excellence and profitable growth has kept us on a path of strong financial performance for more than 100 years. We continued solidly on that path in 2013 as we implemented year one of our five-year Enterprise Strategy.
In the face of a challenging macro-economic environment, we focused on leveraging our differentiated business model to deliver strong financial performance and grew adjusted earnings per share 13 percent. We increased operating margin to 17.8 percent, up 100 basis points compared with adjusted 2012, generated strong free cash flow from operations,
and improved our after-tax return on invested capital by 180 basis points to 16.3 percent. These results were driven by the excellent work our business teams did in executing key initiatives associated with ITW’s Enterprise Strategy.
ITW’s Enterprise Strategy
The objective of our strategy remains unchanged: Focus on fully leveraging ITW’s highly differentiated business model to deliver solid growth with consistent best-in-class margins and returns on capital.
Through the execution of our Enterprise Strategy, we are committed to achieving the following enterprise performance goals by 2017:
PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT
Through our portfolio management initiative, we are narrowing the focus of our business portfolio. We are doing so in order to concentrate our efforts and investments on areas of opportunity that have the
best potential to take full advantage of the ITW Business Model over the medium to long term — larger businesses with strong, sustainable differentiation attributes and above-average organic growth potential.
In conjunction with this initiative, we are divesting some of our legacy businesses that do not have all of these attributes. To date, we have divested or are in the process of divesting more than 20 businesses representing approximately 25 percent of the company’s pre-Enterprise Strategy revenues. In February 2014, we signed a definitive agreement to sell our Industrial Packaging segment, which represents the last major step in the repositioning component of our portfolio management initiative. We expect this transaction to close by mid-year.
Throughout this process, we have been actively deploying divestiture proceeds to our share repurchase program in order to minimize
the earnings-per-share dilution impact from these divestitures on our shareholders.
As a result of these actions, the company is now focused on seven highly differentiated global businesses with strong, sustainable competitive advantages and compelling future growth potential. Descriptions of these businesses can be found on the gatefold of this report.
BUSINESS STRUCTURE SIMPLIFICATION
The driver behind our business structure simplification initiative is our view that we need to simplify our structure, operate with more scale and employ a broader global strategic perspective in order to position the company to deliver consistent best-in-class performance. Accordingly, we are in the process of consolidating hundreds of ITW business units into approximately 90 larger-scale global divisions. These divisions
will have an enhanced pool of resources to draw upon to accelerate innovation and organic growth, and the ability to leverage significant opportunities to drive cost and productivity improvements associated with a larger-scale operating structure.
 • Organic growth:
• Operating margin:
• ROIC:
• Free operating cash flow:
200 basis points above market 20%+
20%+
100%+ of net income
The company delivered meaningful progress toward these goals in 2013, the first year of our five-year plan.
The foundation of our strategy is a set of highly differentiated and proprietary business practices and capabilities that we refer to as the ITW Business Model. This model consists of three core elements:
(1) Our 80/20 business process, (2) Customer-back innovation, and (3) Our decentralized entrepreneurial culture. Each of these elements is described on page 4 of this report.
Our strategy is centered on three key initiatives: Portfolio Management, Business Structure Simplification and Strategic Sourcing. We are pleased to report that we made good progress on all three initiatives in 2013, though much more remains to be done.
2 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

 E. Scott Santi President & Chief Executive Officer
Our division leadership teams are highly engaged and energized in support of this initiative; through their efforts and leadership, we made excellent progress on this front in 2013.
STRATEGIC SOURCING
Given the current size and scale of the company, we have a significant opportunity to further improve our cost position by taking a more strategic and coordinated approach to sourcing. Through our strategic sourcing initiative, we are developing and implementing an enhanced sourcing approach that will allow us to better leverage our scale. We are vigorously applying our 80/20 thinking to sourcing in order to drive a meaningful contribution to our overall Enterprise Strategy margin goal from this initiative. We made solid progress in 2013, exceeding our year- one cost savings target and building strong momentum heading into 2014 and beyond.
Capital Allocation
Underpinning our Enterprise Strategy is a highly disciplined approach to capital allocation. Simply put, we will invest capital only where we have strong conviction that we can generate returns that are accretive to the company’s ROIC target over the medium to long term.
While growth is the lifeblood of any business enterprise, we believe strongly that it is the quality of that growth that sustains successful organizations and creates long-term shareholder value. This belief has served our company well for more than a century. In our view, having the discipline to invest only where we have unique competitive advantages that can be translated into compelling returns is even more critical in the rapidly changing, intensely competitive global environment in which we now operate.
In this context, our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged: organic investments, an attractive dividend yield, an active share repurchase program, and highly selective and strategic “bolt-on”
Robert S. Morrison Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
acquisitions that support our organic growth strategies. Our business model generates significant free operating cash flow, and our balance sheet is strong; in 2013, we returned $2.9 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.
Management Developments
One of the hallmarks of ITW’s proven track record of success is our deep and experienced management team. We were pleased to welcome Michael Larsen as senior vice president and chief financial officer in September 2013. Michael is a proven leader who brings considerable financial, operational and leadership experience to ITW. He is a great addition to ITW’s senior leadership team.
Closing Remarks
In executing our five-year Enterprise Strategy, we are taking the steps necessary to position the company to deliver sustainable best-in-class performance over the long term. We are committed to achieving our 2017 performance goals and encouraged by the progress we made and the performance we delivered in 2013. For that, we offer our deepest thanks to our ITW colleagues around the world for all their hard work and commitment over the course of the past year.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board of Directors and all of us at ITW, we thank you, our shareholders, for your support.
Sincerely,
E. Scott Santi
President &
Chief Executive Officer
March 21, 2014
Robert S. Morrison
Non-Executive Chairman of the Board
  ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC. 3
