20

2 0 0 3 A N N U A L R E P O RT

To Our Shareholders

The well-known proverbs featured in this year's annual report reflect the way your company has done business for more than 90 years: with integrity and intensity, an all-out commitment to quality and a shop-floor understanding that earning the trust of the customer is everyone's job, every day. Our goals were, and will be, to make and market superior, value-added products; to consistently deliver high-quality earnings; and to be open and accountable--with our customers, our investors, our employees and others. In 2003, we made progress in all of these areas. Despite difficult conditions in many of our markets, ITW's more than 600 worldwide business units grew profitably by innovating in response to real customer needs, improving their own productivity, and acquiring new products and technologies. The result: record net income, even as companies and economies struggled with continued weak demand.

2003 Financial Results
In 2003, revenues, operating income, income from continuing operations and operating margins all showed healthy gains. For the full year, ITW generated $10 billion in revenues, a 6-percent rise over 2002. The revenue increase was fueled by 3-percent growth through acquisitions and a 6-percent contribution from currency translation. These gains were offset by a 2-percent decline in global base business revenues due to weakness in many of our end markets, including Europe, Australia, Asia and, especially, North America. Despite still-sluggish economies, ITW grew operating income 8 percent and increased income from continuing operations 12 percent for full-year 2003. As a result, worldwide operating margins rose to 16.3 percent for the year, 40 basis points higher than in 2002. In 2003, we also generated $1.2 billion in free operating cash flow, $75 million more than the prior year. Just as important as the quantity of our earnings was the quality. ITW rarely takes special charges and does not report "pro forma" results; our restructuring expenses are considered an everyday cost of doing business. So income generated by our operating units translates directly into the earnings we report every quarter. The quality of earnings also is reflected in our rigorous inventory grading policy, conservative depreciation of plant and equipment, and cumulative free cash flow from operations, which for the past five years was 15 percent above income from continuing operations. The quality and consistency of your company's financial performance was noted in a 2003 Standard & Poor's study that rated more than 3,400 U.S. companies and their stocks based on long-term earnings growth, dividends and strong balance sheets. ITW was one of only 45 "Straight-A" companies to earn an A+ ranking. Over the past 25 years, your company has averaged 13-percent annual earnings per share growth, 15-percent return on average invested capital and 19-percent annual shareholder returns--an enviable track record for any company.

ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC.

21

80/20 Process: Tried and Tested
What drives these results? We believe it is our time-tested 80/20 business planning process. Simply put, our business units--big and small, new and old--focus their attention and resources on the 20 percent of customers and products that generate 80 percent of revenues. Each business executes a multifaceted, three- to five-year simplification plan. It begins with a hard look at the unit's products, customers and suppliers. Then it identifies high volume areas and corresponding opportunities for new product development. When appropriate, we segment our businesses to make them smaller and more manageable. We ensure that factory floors are flexible and responsive to the changing marketplace. We manufacture to the rate of demand. We also outsource some products or partner with suppliers who are adept at producing them. By keeping our businesses and systems simple, we are able to successfully manage large numbers of companies in different markets.

Premark Outlook
A prime example of the 80/20 process in action is ITW's 1999 merger with Premark International, our largest acquisition to date. As part of the five-year simplification process, we divested businesses that didn't fit strategically--most recently, the Florida Tile business in the fourth quarter of 2003. We increased operating margins from 9 percent in 1999 to 16 percent in 2003, despite the fact that growth in Premark's top product lines decreased nearly 10 percent for the past four years due to weak end markets. Now in the final year of our five-year profitability improvement plan, we are on track to double Premark's operating margin and reach our margin goal of 18 percent by the end of 2004. We expect that financial performance of the Premark businesses will continue to improve, driven by new product development and greater operating efficiencies.

Looking to 2004
If the North American economy builds on the modest momentum it developed during the fourth quarter of 2003, ITW's businesses are poised to deliver improved financial results. Our strategy will continue to focus on three key objectives: 1. Grow our base businesses. ITW's decentralized structure drives growth and profit in our base businesses. Our entrepreneurial general managers around the world stay close to our people, businesses, processes and customers. Proximity helps us be exceptionally responsive--often resolving issues before they become problems, and identifying opportunities before they become apparent to competitors. 2. Make value-adding acquisitions. With more than $1 billion in cash on our balance sheet, ITW is well positioned to take advantage of solid acquisition targets in 2004. Our experienced management team has a record for making decisions and finding companies that create lasting value for customers and investors. For example, over the past 25 years approximately 90 percent of our acquisitions have returns that exceed our cost of capital.

22

2 0 0 3 A N N U A L R E P O RT

3. Develop product and process innovations for our customers. ITW's business is creating businesses. We're constantly looking for new growth opportunities--both in our long-time units and recent acquisitions. An intimate knowledge of our customers' operations helps us improve existing products and develop new ones that deliver real results. We are hopeful that the global economy will continue to strengthen in 2004. But ITW is positioned to perform even in challenging environments. As always, we are aided by an outstanding management team and an independent board of directors. They provide sound strategic direction and share a strong commitment to corporate governance practices that preserve and protect value for investors. We also have long-term employees and general managers who thrive in our entrepreneurial, decentralized structure. They are dedicated to making a difference for those who buy and use our products. We have customers who, like ITW, are primed for economic recovery. And we have loyal shareholders who continue to rely on us for consistent, quality returns. To all, we offer our thanks and pledge our continued best efforts.
February 27, 2004

FRANK S. PTAK
Vice Chairman

W. JAMES FARRELL
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

JAMES M. RINGLER
Vice Chairman

