ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC.

25

To Our Shareholders
Back in the early days of corporate advertising, ITW recruited comedian Steve Allen to promote the little-known company behind so many familiar products. Launched in 1962, the radiobased ad campaign centered around a simple and fitting slogan: "You are never more than a few feet away from a product of ITW." Today, this tagline rings more true than ever. Our products cross just about every industry, geography and market segment in the world. And while we've touched on a number of them in this report, there simply isn't an annual report big enough to showcase all of ITW's products. We truly are everywhere. But it takes a lot more than sheer scale to continually earn the trust and support of customers around the globe. It takes passion, a heavy dose of innovation and a firm commitment to excellence. Our people work hard to ensure our products add value to the lives of our customers. We take great pride in knowing that every day and in every part of the world, ITW products help bring their visions to life. It's qualities like these that have made your company a success-- and a sound investment.
2005 FINANCIAL RESULTS TRIBUTE TO JIM FARRELL

In 1965, a 23-year-old college graduate started his career at a small company known as Illinois Tool Works. Back then, the young man was a business novice and the company that hired him earned less than $100 million in revenues. The good news was the company prospered and Jim Farrell never left. As fate would have it, the winning nature of this combination would reveal itself over time. Jim has spent his entire 40-year career at your company, and his impact on the business can't be overstated. Since taking the helm of the company as CEO in 1995 and adding the chairman's title in 1996, his vision and leadership have guided ITW through nearly 300 acquisitions, significant expansion and refinement of the company's 80/20 business process, financial results that stack up smartly with other industrial companies around the world, and a market capitalization that has more than tripled in dollar value. But Jim's legacy reaches far beyond profit margins, balance sheets and market caps. The strength of his character, positive attitude and unflappable leadership style will long serve as a model here. His personal attention to leadership development and commitment to the highest ethical business standards have established your company as an industry-leading model for others to emulate. He has been, and will remain, a towering figure in the company's history. As such, he joins a short list of ITW's past CEO's--Harold Smith, Si Cathcart and John Nichols--as architects of how to build a strong enterprise for both today and tomorrow. We wish Jim the very best in all his future endeavors. We know he will continue to prosper in whatever he chooses to do, and will bring his characteristic warmth, humor and abiding affection for people along with him.

We closed 2005 with record results for the year. Revenues for full-year 2005 totaled $12.9 billion, a 10 percent increase over the prior year. The two main contributors to top-line growth in 2005 were base revenues increasing 4.4 percent and acquisitions contributing 5 percent. Most importantly, diluted net income per share of $5.20 for the full year was 18 percent higher than 2004. As the year progressed, we were able to recover price from the dramatically higher cost of a number of basic raw materials, such as steel, which began in 2004. This price recovery helped us offset weaker first-half margin performance, culminating with full-year operating margins of 17.5 percent--basically even with our very strong margin performance in 2004. Free operating cash flow increased to a record $1.6 billion, up from $1.2 billion in 2004, while our return on average invested capital improved to 18.7 percent from 18.1 percent in the prior year.
MANAGEMENT CHANGES

In August 2005, I was honored to assume the leadership of your company from former CEO Jim Farrell, who will remain chairman of the board until his previously announced retirement this May. I am grateful to Jim and the entire board of directors for giving me the opportunity to lead this extraordinary company and look forward to building on the legacy they've helped create.

26

2005 ANNUAL REPORT

In addition to Jim Farrell's contributions chronicled on the previous page, we want to extend our thanks and best wishes to another key member of the management team who retired in 2005. Former General Counsel Stewart Hudnut retired in August after 14 years with ITW. We thank Stewart for the sound leadership he provided over the years and especially for his mentoring skills. Stewart has been succeeded by James Wooten, Jr., who was elected vice president, general counsel and corporate secretary. James brings significant experience and expertise to the position, having served as ITW's associate general counsel for the past 17 years. Also in August, we were pleased to welcome Jim Skinner as our newest board member. As vice chairman and chief executive officer of McDonald's, Jim brings tremendous operating insights and leadership experience to the board of directors. We look forward to his contributions in the coming years.
LEADERSHIP THAT LASTS

The strength and depth of your leadership team are among our most valuable assets and are a clear competitive advantage. With a heritage of long-tenured, homegrown leaders and a commitment to cultivating talent throughout the business, your company remains well-positioned for growth and profitability over the long term. Many of the executives on your senior management team started their careers at ITW. With an average tenure of 27 years with the company, their extensive knowledge of the business helps drive the company's success year after year. The team includes eight executive vice presidents, who with the support of their staffs, are each responsible for overseeing the performance of their respective business units around the world. Likewise, the business units are led by very talented general managers and operating staff who run our autonomous operations with a high level of commitment to our customers, our shareholders and our people. This combined management expertise and experience ensures continuity from one year to the next and provides the necessary bench strength to help lead your company far into the future.
FUTURE FOCUSED

As we look for new and different ways to create shareholder value in the coming years, our strategy will focus on the following priorities:
1. Pursue even greater customer focus and innovation. Through many of ITW's long-standing

operating practices, we will sharpen our focus on our customers and their changing needs with an eye towards developing new and better products to help their businesses thrive. Our decentralized business model and our ongoing 80/20 business simplification processes are core disciplines, allowing us to keep our focus squarely on customer needs. And our commitment to constant innovation will continue to lead us to new businesses and untapped market opportunities around the world.
2. Become increasingly diversified. We continue to penetrate growth markets around the

world, which impacts the diversification of our revenue base. One area that holds tremendous growth opportunities for us is Asia Pacific. Ten years ago, the region accounted for less than 5 percent of our business. Today, it represents 10 percent and if we continue to grow as we expect, Asia Pacific would represent approximately one quarter of our revenues by 2009.

ILLINOIS TOOL WORKS INC.

27

DAVID SPEER AND JIM FARRELL

3. Continue growth through our proven combination of growth in our base revenues and a sound acquisition program. We plan to enhance base revenue

THANK YOU FROM JIM FARRELL

growth over the next five years by increasing our market penetration through targeting higher growth potential end markets supported by an expanded investment in marketing and new product development. At the same time, we'll continue to execute a robust, but valuation-appropriate, acquisition program largely driven by our business units around the world. This initiative will bring growth opportunities in the years ahead.
4. Continue ITW's tradition of strong financial performance. Over the past

25 years, ITW has averaged a strong 15 percent CAGR in revenue and a shareholder return of 19 percent. We will continue to aggressively pursue these benchmarks in order to maintain your company's long-standing track record of success.
2006 AND BEYOND

As already noted, I will be retiring from ITW and the Board of Directors this May after 41 very memorable years. Put simply, mine has been a rewarding and thorougly enjoyable career. When I became CEO in 1995, my major concern was whether or not I could maintain and improve the culture that I was so fortunate to inherit. I now believe that the trust--not only granted to me so willingly by the wonderful people throughout ITW, but also returned in kind-- has made that concern a distant memory. The current management team and the board of directors who are now leading the company are themselves a product of that very same successful culture. I know they will continue the building process for the benefit of our shareholders, customers and our people. It has been my privilege and honor to be part of--and to lead--this incredible company. Thank you.

We have established an ambitious agenda for 2006--one that should provide a satisfying return to our shareholders over the long term. We are excited about the future of ITW and look forward to another successful year in the company's storied 94-year history. As we look to the future, we'd like to thank our people for their constant commitment to ITW's legacy of excellence. We are also grateful to our customers and shareholders for their continued support.

DAVID B. SPEER

W. JAMES FARRELL

President and Chief Executive Officer

Chairman

FEBRUARY 28, 2006

