Dear Fellow Shareholders
March, 2012
Office of the Chairman
Martin E. Franklin (Center) Founder Executive Chairman Ian G.H. Ashken (Left) Co-Founder Vice Chairman Chief Financial Officer James E. Lillie (Right) Chief Executive Officer

2

It is with a great sense of pride that Jarden celebrated its 10th anniversary in 2011. A decade ago our Company had annual revenue of approximately $300 million almost all of which was domestic, six manufacturing facilities, less than 800 employees, and a clearly defined new strategy: to build a portfolio of authentic, leading consumer brands, serving primarily niche markets, and to drive exceptional financial performance based on investments in innovative new products, our brands and our people. Over the last 10 years Jarden has remained true to the core principles on which it was built, as encapsulated in the eight elements of Jarden's DNA. At the same time Jarden has grown, organically and through a series of disciplined acquisitions, into a global, Fortune 500 company. As we have grown, we have sought diversification. Today, Jarden is a diversified global consumer products company with a highly talented team, an expansive distribution network and an infrastructure in place to support our growth. The Company has annual sales approaching $7 billion, approximately 40% of which are derived from international markets. We offer more than 120 brands, many of which are synonymous with the categories they serve. Our success is made possible through the confidence consumers have in our products across our operating segments and the innovation we bring to the market, which sets us apart from our peers. Our commitment to building long-term value for our shareholders has remained consistent. In 2011, we were honored to receive various acknowledgements from Fortune magazine in its annual issue highlighting the largest 500 companies in America, including: an overall ranking of #379, a ranking of #38 in terms of annual EPS growth over the last decade, a ranking of #14 in terms of total rate of return to shareholders over the last decade, and a ranking of #1 in terms of total rate of return to shareholders over the last decade within the Consumer Products category. On September 24, 2001, the day we were appointed as the new management team, the shares of the Company (fka Alltrista Corporation) closed at $2.38, on a split adjusted basis. $1,000 invested on that date would be worth approximately $16,000 as of the date of this letter. As expected, 2011 marked another year of

global macroeconomic uncertainty. Despite this backdrop, we met all of our principal financial goals, reporting another year of record sales, segment earnings and earnings per share. Our performance was particularly pleasing in a year in which, in addition to macroeconomic headwinds, we witnessed several unusual weather patterns and natural disasters including the earthquake and Tsunami in Japan, floods in the spring, a drought in the summer, Hurricane Irene in the fall, and a mild start to the winter. Despite these challenges, the diversification of our overall portfolio and our proactive, entrepreneurial culture enabled Jarden not only to withstand these obstacles, but also to produce a year of record results. In 2011, sales grew by almost 11% on an actual basis, 5% on an organic basis, and over 3% on an organic basis adjusting for currency movements. We generated cash flow from operations of over $425 million, well above our target of $350 million. We reported record segment earnings of $791 million and increased adjusted earnings per share by approximately 18%, compared to our base line goal of 10%. Additionally, we ended the year with over $800 million of cash. We are extremely proud of this financial performance and believe that it offers a sound foundation to pursue continued consistent, profitable growth in the future. One of Jarden's core competencies has been our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions into our operating platform and culture. Our 2010 acquisition of Mapa Spontex was our first of a predominantly international business, offering new challenges and opportunities. The newly named Jarden Home and Family business has blossomed under Jarden's ownership and we are extremely proud of the team that delivered a successful integration during 2011 of brands such as NUK®, Mapa® and Spontex®, ahead of our budget in terms of both time and financial results. In December we opened our first African subsidiary in Johannesburg, South Africa, as we continue to focus on investments to increase our presence in new and underpenetrated international markets. The year included the evaluation of a large number of acquisition opportunities and our decision to invest in our own company rather than pursue them is a further illustration of our disciplined and stringent acquisition criteria.

3

As Jarden enters a new decade in 2012, we are proud of our past and equally enthusiastic about our future. Every year our new product pipeline has gotten stronger and more exciting and 2012 is no exception. Additionally, every year brings the opportunity to celebrate a landmark anniversary for one or more of our portfolio of iconic brands. In 2011 this included Crockpot's 4Oth anniversary and Diamond's 130th anniversary, and in 2012 we will celebrate K2's 50th anniversary and Rawlings' 125th anniversary. One of the most pleasing elements about celebrating these milestones is that, in our view, the outlook for these brands has never been stronger. Our brands receive numerous industry awards every year and we appreciate this recognition from our suppliers, customers and the trade. We post details of many of these awards on the Investor Relations section of our corporate website, which we would encourage you to visit to learn more about the innovation behind our brands and new product launches.

In this period of time, we have built a robust operating platform that has allowed us to deliver improved performance and predictable financial results with accurate and insightful visibility into our operations and the drivers that influence results. We continuously look to optimize our current network of 61 manufacturing plants and 59 distribution and warehousing facilities across 28 countries. We have nurtured a culture in which the size of our corporate headquarters and its expense are held to a minimum. Our considerable investment in information technology has allowed us to leverage the efficiency of our infrastructure as well as provide more timely, relevant information to our management teams. Jarden's corporate offices exist to serve and enhance our operating businesses, and this philosophy has helped us recruit and retain some of the best talent available throughout Jarden's management ranks. Having increased brand investment in the last four years to a level of approximately 5% of sales in 2011

"Over the last decade, we have relied on three primary drivers to deliver consistent, profitable growth for our shareholders. First, optimizing the performance of our existing businesses; second, pursing a disciplined, opportunistic acquisition strategy; and third, effectively managing our capital structure."
One of Jarden's key strengths today is its diversification. We are the largest sporting hard goods company in the world, a major player in the small appliances market in the Americas, and a leader in several other niche domestic markets such as infant care, food preservation and home safety. By focusing on achieving diversification across our brands, product lines, distribution and supply chain, we have created natural hedges that have allowed us to build Jarden into not only a larger, but also a far stronger company. In line with a strand from Jarden's DNA, "strive to be better", we believe we can continue to profitably build on these platforms in the future. Over the last decade, we have relied on three primary drivers to deliver consistent, profitable growth for our shareholders. First, optimizing the performance of our existing businesses; second, pursing a disciplined, opportunistic acquisition strategy; and third, effectively managing our capital structure. from 4.5% in 2008, our goal is to deliver gross margin expansion of 50 basis points per year, while maintaining brand investment levels to help drive future revenue growth at our target long-term average rate of 3-5% per annum. In regards to our capital structure, 2011 was an active year. During the first quarter, we completed an attractive refinancing of our $1.3 billion senior secured credit facility and we returned to the capital markets in the first quarter of 2012 on an opportunistic basis to add to this facility. We have consciously maintained a conservative position, in terms of both the long-term maturity profile of our debt and the level of fixed versus floating rate debt, at some expense to short-term profits. We believe that the strength of our balance sheet is an important indicator of the strength of Jarden's overall business, and our expected ability to satisfy debt maturities over the next five years using our free cash flow is a signal of this.

4

Consolidated 2011 Net Sales by Segment*

$6,680m
26%

Consolidated 2011 Segment Earnings**

$791m

5%

4%

41%

27%

38%
31%

28%

·

Outdoor Solutions

·

Consumer Solutions

·

Branded Consumables

·

Process Solutions

* Segment percentages exclude intercompany eliminations.

** Segment percentages are based on operating segments only. For a reconciliation of Segment Earnings to GAAP Operating Earnings please see p. 69.

We continuously prioritize our uses of cash. Reinvesting in our businesses (our brands, our products and our people) always remains our priority, followed by paying down debt to remain within our targeted range for our bank leverage ratio. With additional excess cash, we seek strategic acquisitions to provide new avenues for profitable growth, or, when we believe our own Company represents the best available investment opportunity, we repurchase shares. In August of 2011, the Board approved a new share repurchase program to purchase up to $500 million in value of shares from time to time. Limited in our ability to acquire a meaningful number of shares due to daily volume rules and quiet period restrictions, the Board, in January 2012, launched a `modified Dutch auction' self tender offer for up to $500 million in value of our shares. We were delighted with the successful result with approximately $435 million or 13.2% of our shares being tendered, which enabled us to achieve our objective of helping to maximize shareholder value by utilizing excess cash in an accretive manner. As we begin a new decade, we are proud of the outstanding performances our businesses have delivered and believe that the strategies we have in place, to leverage our market leading brands with product innovation and geographic expansion, will allow us to grow future sales at rates above GDP while expanding margins. It must be stated that Jarden's success over the last ten years would not have been possible without the dedication of our employees. We always say that our best assets go

home every night and we would like to thank all our employees for their contributions. Building on the well-rounded, scalable platform we have set in place, we now look forward to delivering another decade of consistent, profitable growth and creating compelling returns for our shareholders. Respectfully yours, The Office of the Chairman

Martin E. Franklin Founder Executive Chairman

Ian G.H. Ashken Co-Founder Vice Chairman Chief Financial Officer

James E. Lillie Chief Executive Officer
 Please visit Jarden's corporate website (www.jarden.com) for more information on Jarden's DNA. 2 Please see page 76 for GAAP reconciliation of organic sales.
1

5

