Consolidated 2006 Net Sales By Segment $3.85 billion
Outdoor Solutions 23% Consumer Solutions 48% 21% 8% Process Solutions Branded Consumables

Consolidated 2006 Segment Earnings $442 million
Outdoor Solutions 17% Consumer Solutions 52% 24% Branded Consumables

7% Process Solutions

Winner of Jarden's 2006 Annual Report Cover Design Concept: Lisa Caliendo-Bauer, Lehigh Group

CORPORATE STRATEGY Our objective is to build a world-class consumer products company that enjoys leading positions in markets for branded consumer products. We will seek to achieve this objective by continuing our tradition of product innovation, new product introductions and providing the consumer with the experience and value they associate with our brands. We plan to leverage and expand our domestic and international distribution channels, increase brand awareness through co-branding and cross selling initiatives and pursue strategic acquisitions, all while driving margin improvement.

CORPORATE PROFILE Jarden Corporation is a global provider of market leading niche branded consumer products used in and around the home, marketed under well-known brand names through three primary business segments: Branded consumables, Consumer solutions and Outdoor solutions. Our Branded consumables segment markets and distributes household basics and necessities, most of which are consumable in nature under brand , Bicycle® , Diamond® , First Alert® , Lehigh®, Loew Cornell® and Pine names such as Ball® ® Mountain . Our Consumer solutions segment markets and distributes innovative solutions , Crock-Pot® , FoodSaver® , Health o for the household under brand names including Bionaire® ® ® ® ® ® meter , Holmes , Mr. Coffee , Oster and Sunbeam . Our Outdoor solutions segment markets and distributes outdoor recreation products under brand names including Campingaz® and Coleman®. We also operate a business that manufactures, markets and distributes a wide variety of plastic and zinc-based products. Headquartered in Rye, New York, Jarden has over 20,000 employees worldwide.

THE HISTORY OF JARDEN'S NAME The company was renamed in June 2002. The company's previous name, Alltrista, was created by dropping the "B" from Ball and the "Mini" from Minitrista, the street on which the Ball family had grown up in Muncie, IN. Between 1993 and 2001, as a public company, Alltrista did not perform well and after new management joined, the Board then decided we should change the name of the company to something that represented not only our heritage, but also our future. The company did not hire any consultants to assist with the naming process as management believed that the employees understood the DNA of our company better than any outsider could. In the end Martin Franklin, our Chairman, came up with the Jarden name by combining the heritage of the Ball "Jar" with the concept of our products being used in the home (den), which also had the connotation of the garden (French jardin) as we planned to expand our product range outside the home.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

02 Chairman's Letter 06 Jarden Today 10 Branded Consumables 14 Consumer Solutions 18 Outdoor Solutions 22 Process Solutions 25 Selected Financial Data 27 Management's Discussion & Analysis 40 Financial Statements

1

MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

SUPPLYING CONSUMERS with the COMFORTS and CONVENIENCE of HOME

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

IT IS WITH GREAT PLEASURE

that I report our fifth consecutive year of record financial performance for Jarden Corporation, with revenues up 21% to $3.85 billion and consolidated segment earnings of $442 million, up 23%. Additionally, 2006 was another year of strong free cash flow, with over $ 235 million of cash flows from operating activities. As in previous years, Jarden continued to deliver solid returns for its shareholders, with our shares outperforming the S&P 500 index for the sixth straight year, rising 15.4%. We're also especially proud that Jarden's success in building a world class consumer products company was recognized in January 2007 by Forbes magazine which, for the first time, included Jarden on its annual Platinum 400 list of the best of the large public companies in America. Jarden ranked eighth overall with a five-year total return of approximately 60 percent. In our 2005 Annual Report we focused on the people portion of our "people, products and brands" platform that has helped drive Jarden's success over the last several years. I continue to believe that our best assets go home every night and in this year's Annual Report I would like to highlight some of the innovative products that contributed to making 2006 another record year. A core of Jarden's success has been in developing, marketing and selling niche branded consumer products used in and around the home. The diversification of our product portfolio today is significant, and we continue to bring new products to market that make peoples' lives easier, more convenient and enjoyable. New products such as our Margaritaville® frozen concoction maker from Jarden Consumer solutions and Tundra® fire extinguishing spray by First Alert® from Jarden Branded consumables have met with great success on introduction and are fine examples of how excellence in product development, powerful distribution, and strong brands can combine to successfully bring new products to market. Our focus on new products, in addition to the underlying
2

"Our service level to customers continued at the highest levels in 2006. Being able to get the right product to the right place at the right time is as critical to our success as our creative marketing programs. Since January 2005, we have identified synergies between our businesses that have created savings of more than $80 million."

Ian G.H. Ashken Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer

3

Martin E. Franklin Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

MESSAGE TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

strength of our core product lines, resulted in top line organic growth of more than 5%, despite the continued pressure on the cost side and perceived weakness in consumer spending. Our service level to customers continued at the highest levels in 2006. Being able to get the right product to the right place at the right time is as critical to our success as our creative marketing programs. Since January 2005, we have identified synergies between our businesses that have created savings of more than $80 million. These savings do not include operational improvements from our ongoing continuous improvement: six sigma or kaizen cost and efficiency improvement initiatives. Having market leading positions and powerful brands in virtually all of our product categories is a significant advantage upon which we continue to build. We increased our investment behind our consumer brands significantly in 2006. While we do not invest directly in promoting the Jarden name, we are heavily vested in ensuring it resonates with our retail partners as standing for quality products and brands, outstanding operational execution and creativity in introducing new products to grow the categories we serve, as well as with the investment community. Along this line, we sought to increase our exposure to a wider investor audience in the fourth quarter in completing an equity offering of approximately $140 million of newly issued shares and an offering of approximately $320 million of secondary shares. The offering, which was well received by the market, also helped Jarden end 2006 with a consolidated segment earnings to net debt leverage ratio of 2.8x, our lowest year end level since 2003. Furthermore, the overhang effect of Warburg Pincus' equity holding was effectively eliminated, with the secondary offering returning their original investment in the company while leaving them a continuing investment of approximately 9%. Warburg Pincus has proved to be an excellent partner for Jarden and we look forward to continuing this relationship in the future. In addition, Jarden now has three new "bulge bracket" firms writing equity research on the company. We followed this equity offering with a successful bond offering in February 2007. This $650 million offering allowed us to lower the coupon on our long term capital, while also creating significant capacity for future growth. Our sustained growth over the last five years has been driven by a combination of successfully executing our organic growth programs while pursuing an aggressive, yet disciplined, acquisition program. 2006 saw a relatively small amount of acquisition activity as we focused on successfully integrating our 2005 acquisitions. We made several small acquisitions during the year which complement our existing portfolio. For instance, our acquisition of the market leading Pine Mountain® FireLog and FireStarter business, which we completed in September 2006, dovetails well with our existing Diamond® and other Branded consumable businesses. In total, all our acquisitions in 2006 accounted for less than 5% of our 2006 revenue.

4

We also embarked on a number of new longer term broader initiatives during the year. Our Operation: Careers for Veterans program, whereby we formalized our policy of actively looking to hire qualified veterans into open positions within the company, was introduced and 5% of our domestic workforce are currently veterans. Through our Coleman® business we have been working with the White House to encourage the youth of today to "Go Outside" as a healthy and fun alternative to indoor activities, piggybacking on the administration's new commitment to state parks and outdoor recreation. Similarly we have challenged our businesses, and suppliers, to actively consider greener alternatives to the way we currently conduct business, whether this is in packaging, freight routes or the products themselves. These projects are indicative of the mindset at Jarden, where we believe in laying the foundation for sustained long term growth and social responsibility.

"Our sustained growth over the last five years has been driven by a combination of successfully executing our organic growth programs while pursuing an aggressive, yet disciplined, acquisition program. 2006 saw a relatively small amount of acquisition activity as we focused on successfully integrating our 2005 acquisitions."
In conclusion, I stated at the beginning of 2005 that we believed we had set a foundation that would double our as adjusted earnings per share in a three to five year period. I believe that we are on track to achieve this on the earlier end of our timetable, achieving superior returns for shareholders in the process. We are highly motivated to continue this momentum and our businesses have entered 2007 with high expectations. My deepest gratitude goes to our management teams and global workforce, whose skill, pride and determination have driven Jarden towards excellence. 2007 could well be the most exciting year ever for Jarden and we will strive to deliver again for you, our shareholders.

Respectively,

Martin E. Franklin

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

5

