Message to our shareholders

Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2008 was our seventh year operating under the Jarden DNA platform and our seventh consecutive year of delivering record sales and segment earnings. However, the continued progression of our financial and operating performance was not reflected in our stock price, as the macroeconomic environment overshadowed Jarden's individual results. We take great pride at Jarden in having created an entrepreneurial, pay for performance culture where our successes are recognized and shortcomings are addressed, rather than buried. So it is natural that our management team is more determined than ever to deliver continued wins in the markets we serve, while working as diligently as possible to ensure that our truly unique and authentic portfolio of consumer product brands receives the recognition we believe it deserves. The fundamental strategy behind Jarden has not changed since Ian Ashken and I took over the leadership of the business in September 2001. The development of a diversified consumer products company that specializes in market leading positions in niche markets has created a very powerful foundation to succeed in uncertain times. After years of rapid growth between 2002 and 2007, Jarden has not made a significant acquisition in over eighteen months. This has led to an inward focus on operating excellence and an outward focus on providing retailers and consumers with innovative products that have attractive value propositions. Our goal is to maximize the return and growth of our existing assets. With over 100 active brands and 10 brands with sales in excess of $125 million, we are in the middle of a period of the company's development that I like to think of as "proving our worth". While the whole consumer products sector has been negatively impacted by the current recessionary economy, we believe that this period of upheaval will allow us to prove the extraordinary resilience of our diversified business model. We have been proactive in addressing the issues created by the changes in the macro environment during 2008. Starting with voluntary salary decreases of 7.5% for myself, Ian Ashken, and our President, James Lillie, we have set the tone to attack overhead while preserving our talent. We have asked our most important assets, our people, to do more for a little less, while the world around us ripples with uncertainty. Meanwhile, we have preserved our investment in new product development and marketing at a time when many of our competitors are retreating from making similar investments. One of our benchmarks within Jarden is to excel in relative performance. In a flat market, we expect growth; in a down market, we expect declines, but less than the overall category. The only way to offset lower economic activity in a consumer sector is to gain shelf space and market presence. From this perspective Jarden has been highly effective in maintaining its momentum in a very tough economy. I have always believed in the conventional wisdom that market leaders like Jarden are far more capable of gaining shelf space in recessionary periods rather than during growth cycles. One only has to look at our new product offerings across the group, to see evidence of how our operational focus is paying dividends. Our record segment earnings are the result of investments carefully deployed over the last three years. Whether it be in implementing approximately $30 million worth of IT platform improvements, or expanding product development spending by approximately 80% during this period, these strategies bore fruit in 2008 and leave us well positioned for 2009 and beyond. For example, the development of our Margaritaville® Frozen Concoction Maker® product line has applied our heritage in

3

"I believe that in five years time, when we look back at our business and evaluate its resilience during this recessionary time, Jarden's diversified business model and portfolio of market leading brands will deserve a premium valuation as a defensive, as well as a growth company."

4

Message to our shareholders

Oster® and Sunbeam® blenders and mixers into the world of products for entertaining, that in the three years since the first product was launched has become a $60 million enterprise. Building on Coleman's historical presence in lanterns, our investments in LED technology have created a flashlight business that has grown from nothing in 2006 to a business generating over $20 million of sales in 2008. Similarly, our Tundra® fire extinguishing spray, which was launched two years ago under the First Alert brand, is now sold in over 15,000 retail outlets. These examples are not lucky breaks, but rather the results of a carefully orchestrated strategy of investments in new product development that is the lifeblood of Jarden. I believe that in five years time, when we look back at our business and evaluate its resilience during this recessionary time, Jarden's diversified business model and portfolio of market leading brands will deserve a premium valuation as a defensive, as well as a growth company. Jarden in its current complexion is a mere 18 months old, so one can understand the "show me" attitude from outside parties in the short term, but from the inside we have great confidence that our investments and strategy over the last several years will pay dividends. 2009 is already showing signs of being another volatile year and our goal remains to offset macroeconomic declines by growing our presence across a broad array of categories. We continue to navigate our way through opportunities created by commodity price decreases, as opposed to the unprecedented commodity price increases we have absorbed over the last three years. We have been disciplined in building our product mix and new product introductions to meet our long term margin goals and the relief on the cost side should help us continue this progression. While our strategy has been to grow sales and earnings on the back of new product development, we have not ignored the priorities of cash flow maximization and balance sheet strength. Since 2001 we have stated our target comfort zone for bank leverage to be 3.5x net debt to EBITDA. In the past some considered this to be too conservative, but we believed it was the right balance between prudent balance sheet management and leveraging equity returns. Today, the new conventional wisdom is the less debt the better, and in response we are driving our business to a more conservative leverage ratio of under 3.0x. Our cost of capital today is relatively low and we have no meaningful amortization payments until 2011, with $393 million of cash on hand at year end. Our intention is to maintain this strong liquidity position until the credit markets find their feet again and we believe we can access new credit at reasonable rates. As we navigate this volatile economic period, our internal mantra is to prepare for the worst while hoping for the best. I am more proud than ever of the resilience and creativity of our workforce who have risen to the challenge of helping Jarden strive to be better at every level. I am also proud of what we have not done. You will not find us spending tens of millions of dollars on our corporate headquarters or office refurbishments. At Jarden our culture is to treat every dollar spent as if it were your own. In 2009 we intend to continue to execute on our clearly articulated strategy and prove what great value the platform we have created can provide to our shareholders. Yours sincerely,

Martin E. Franklin Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 5

