D

CHAIRMAN'S LETTER

Dear Fellow Shareholders: In my letter to shareholders last year, I stated that we entered 2003 with a solid platform of businesses and considerable momentum for growth. I am delighted to report that your company succeeded in meeting or beating its major objectives for the year, both operationally and financially. We reported record financial performance in 2003 with revenues surpassing the $500 million mark and cash flow from operations exceeding $70 million. At the same time, shareholder value continued to expand as evidenced by a 72% increase in our share price, which was achieved on the heels of strong our performance in 2002. Our strategy over the last two years has been to focus on building a portfolio of market-leading, niche branded consumer products that produce EBITDA margins in excess of 15%. While the nature of our products might appear to be diverse, as illustrated by the front cover of this annual report, they are remarkably similar and cohesive from an operating perspective. Typically our products are "basic" in nature with a consumable element, are used in and around the home and can be shipped in a coordinated manner through our well-established, complementary distribution channels. Our goal is to build on our existing portfolio of brands and products by introducing line extensions or new products that can best serve the needs of our customers. As a result of our efforts in the last two and a half years, Jarden has become a highly regarded leader in the consumer products market. We continue to work on expanding the depth and breadth of our product offerings to increase organic growth in revenue and earnings. In 2003, we completed two significant acquisitions, as well as two tuck-in transactions, adding over $250 million in annualized incremental revenue to the group. In the branded consumables segment, Diamond Brands provided Jarden with market leading positions in wooden matches, toothpicks, clothespins and boxed retail plastic cutlery. The Lehigh acquisition expanded our retail distribution to the do-it-yourself market, while establishing us as the largest provider of rope, cord and twine used by consumers in the United States. Equally important as the valuations on which we were able to buy these businesses, the acquisitions have been successfully integrated into the group and we are actively pursuing opportunities to maximize their growth within the Jarden family. As part of our ongoing commitment to manage our balance sheet in what we consider to be a conservative manner during this period of rapid expansion, we completed a primary equity offering that netted the company $112 million of new capital for acquisitions and general corporate purposes. In addition, we continued to tap the debt markets on an opportunistic basis during 2003 to build our long-term credit base. This included the issuance of an additional $32 million of ten year notes and $280 million of senior secured loans. The strong credit markets in general, and receptiveness to Jarden in particular, allowed us to close these financings at favorable rates. Furthermore, the 3 for 2 stock split completed in November increased liquidity in the market for Jarden's common stock at a time of heightened investor interest. On the operating front, I am pleased to report that we continued to strengthen our management ranks during 2003, following our mantra that, "Our best assets go home every night."

enormous development potential. The morale within your company is high;

"We believe our portfolio of well-recognized consumer brands has

a motivated and enthusiastic management team."

we have a clear strategy, a successful operating business and

page 2

We created the position of President and Chief Operating Officer to complement my work, as well as that of Ian Ashken, our Chief Financial Officer and my colleague of fifteen years. Jim Lillie has filled this new position admirably and we expect he will continue to make a significant contribution to our efforts to maximize the synergistic opportunities within our business units. Our success in 2003 did not go unnoticed. Forbes Magazine ranked Jarden 47th on its list of top 200 growth companies, out of a list of 3,500 eligible companies. The San Francisco Business Times named Tilia, our consumer solutions business, one of the "50 best places to work" in the greater Bay area. Additionally, Alltrista Consumer Products, part of our branded consumables segment, was awarded Wal-Mart's Supplier Award of Excellence for home canning for the third quarter of 2003. It is my view that the best is yet to come for Jarden Corporation. We believe our portfolio of well-recognized consumer brands has enormous development potential. The morale within your company is high; we have a clear strategy, a successful operating business and a motivated and enthusiastic management team. As we enter the new year, our main focus is executing our business strategy. Your management team intends to build on our success in this area over the last two and a half years to deliver another record year in 2004. I am sure that you will join me in expressing gratitude to all employee members of the Jarden family, without whose essential contribution to the company the achievements over the last year would not have been possible. Yours sincerely,

Martin E. Franklin Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

page 3

