 DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS:
2011 proved to be a record year for our company in many ways. We reached new highs in load volumes for Intermodal (JBI), Dedicated Contract Services (DCS) and Integrated Capacity Solutions (ICS). Our Truck segment (JBT) activated more independent contractors than ever before, and our company-wide third-party carrier base count eclipsed previous levels. Additionally, several critical financial measures, including revenues, profits and earnings per share, entered new territory, reaching all-time highs during 2011. We are very pleased with the year’s results and want to thank the employees and associates who make such accomplishments possible. We rely on each other daily to work toward our common mission of safely executing strategies and businesses to serve our customers. As evidenced by our results, we did a good job together. We greatly value all of you and thank you for your commitment.
A cultural appreciation for the people of JBHT and the dynamic needs we have in leadership constantly drives us to plan for certain change ahead. In matters of transition, we enjoy advantages from the preparation of prior management and our Board of Directors. In 2011, we moved forward with several planned successions, including the EVP and President of our largest segment, Intermodal, the appointment of a new Chief Marketing Officer, a new EVP over Equipment and Maintenance, and a new Corporate Controller. We will continue to prepare for change in all areas of our company. Heading into 2012, we do so with good momentum and a long-range view of management and leadership stability.
2011 Financial Results
Revenues for the company increased 19% to $4.5 billion, operating income increased 28% to $444 million and earnings per share increased 35% to $2.11 per share. The discipline of allocating capital to services that our customers demand and that yield sustainable returns continues to serve us well. In addition to thoughtful investment in our businesses, we also have a priority to return capital to shareholders. In 2011, we used $246 million to purchase approximately 6 million JBHT shares at an average price of $41 per share. We increased our regular dividend payment to $0.52 per share annually. JBHT reinstated dividend payments in 2004, and we have consistently increased our quarterly dividend payment each year since.
In 2011, we refinanced $200 million of our long-term debt and both replaced and increased our revolving credit facility under more favorable costs and conditions, ending the year with total outstanding debt of $749 million. Total capital expenditures for the year approximated $446 million versus $226 million in 2010.
Business Segments
Our Intermodal business uses one of the most extensive rail networks and the largest privately owned and operated container fleet in North America. JBI continued its strong growth trend as the eastern network expanded while current and new customers transitioned more loads into existing and developing Intermodal lanes. The growth in JBI was not only a product of the eastern expansion as the western and transcontinental business also grew, particularly given the uncertain economy. We ended the year with 54,506 53-foot containers, a 19% growth in capacity. We are encouraged by the productivity metrics and the positive direction of the rates in this business. Strategic investments in properties, equipment and technology will help us drive this business to its fullest potential in the years ahead.
Our Dedicated segment offers design, development and execution of customer-specific fleet solutions. DCS successfully added quality business across the primary channels of specialized, replenishment and delivery while improving or eliminating underperforming accounts. The results yielded the second highest operating income for the segment in a year and only the third time since its inception to exceed the $100 million mark in annual operating income. The conversion of private fleets continues to be a high-priority focus, as does the expansion of our Final Mile Services networks. Continuing as a growth vehicle for JBHT, investments in equipment and technology will help support plans and expectations for the DCS business.
Our ICS segment opened two additional branches in 2011, bringing the total branch count to 11 outside of Lowell, Arkansas. We plan to open five new branches in 2012 with an intermediate goal of 25 outside branch locations. We have enhanced service platforms across the ICS business model to include more competencies in Less-than-Truckload (LTL), Temperature-controlled, Flatbed, Expedited/Team and Specialized services. One of the most important components of the work accomplished in 2011 for ICS is the cross selling of new ICS customers into other services offered by JBHT. We see this approach of integrated marketing as being vitally important to our differentiation and growth going forward.
  2
Letter To Our Stockholders

 Our Truck segment improved overall performance from 2010 by driving out costs and inefficiencies, increasing revenue per tractor per week and adding needed volume in the latter part of the year. While 2011 brought about another round of fleet downsizing, we are encouraged by progress in building out a cost-effective independent contractor strategy to support the longer-term needs of our customers.
Looking Forward
Identifying where to make investments starts with a clear understanding of what the customer wants. We believe they tell us what they want by how and what they buy. When customers demonstrate commodity-like buying practices, returns are frequently inadequate and we are therefore inclined to minimize or eliminate costly investment in assets. However, instead of vacating the opportunity entirely, we transition this customer activity to a lighter company asset approach mixed with other carriers’ assets. Conversely, as we see customer receptiveness to more reasonable contract terms and conditions indicating an appreciation for more predictable transportation expense and service, we are motivated to make the needed investments. We are seeing more openness by our customers to this type of bilateral agreement in JBI and JBT as we have long seen with our DCS model.
During the past several years, we have worked toward a more integrated approach in taking the complementary services we offer to the marketplace. Our suite of scalable services is unique to the industry and offers multiple levels of solutions for our customers’ supply chain needs. JBHT salespeople are being trained in a more robust and comprehensive approach to bringing better solutions to customers. We are actively marketing to potential customers who currently do little or no business with JBHT. In addition to the sales and marketing initiatives, we are making progress in cross-divisional asset sharing and are evaluating our overall Information Technology capabilities with emphasis on the longer-term needs of a more connected customer service experience.
The Executive Leadership Team’s entire focus is on making J.B. Hunt Transport Services a better company for our customers, employees, associates and shareholders. We thank you for your investment and support.
  John N. Roberts, III
President and Chief Executive Officer
Kirk Thompson Chairman of the Board
3
Letter To Our Stockholders
