 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:
2004 was a very good year for J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. The nearly 16,000 people who call J.B. Hunt Transport home provided incredible energy, emotion and expertise to deliver the best financial year in the Company’s history. While the Operating Ratio did not achieve the lofty levels of our early years as a much smaller public company, it did exceed anything we had been able to accomplish in recent years. In fact, a glimpse of several financial return statistics paints an impressive year:
Revenue Growth (less fuel surcharges) Operating Income Growth
Net Earnings Growth
Net Earnings as a % of Revenue Earnings Per Share Growth
Book Value Growth
Operating Ratio
Return on Average Assets Return on Average Equity Balance Sheet Debt At Year-End
12% 67% 53%
5.3% 50% 21%
88.9% 10.3% 18.7%
$ –
 Since this is a letter to stockholders, we began by talking about the financial returns, and they are obviously critically important. However, nothing is more important than SAFETY. Again in 2004, we were able to further ingrain our SAFETY culture by focusing intently on reducing accidents and injuries. Based on data from the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration and other research groups, J.B. Hunt Transport leads all public carriers (the only carriers that have complete data available) in several categories, including fewest crashes per tractor, fewest crashes resulting in injuries, and fewest crashes resulting in fatalities. Equally impressive, since 1996 the Company has reduced by three and a half times the number of accidents per million miles in the six most serious accident types. The same time frame has seen a reduction of more than 50 percent in injuries per 100 drivers. These SAFETY statistics not only preserved the health and lives of our employees and the driving public, but they positively impacted the bottom line by tens of millions of dollars.
It was a difficult year for some of our fine customers and the shipping public in general, as demand outstripped supply of available capacity for much of the year. Several years of declining margins in the industry and a deterioration of driver pay relative to other professions combined to all but shut down capacity additions for the past few years. While reported truck orders have increased over the past 12-14 months, our research efforts and common sense indicate the vast majority of trucks being built are to replace the nation’s aging truck fleet. A review of the data for 1998 through 2000 shows truck orders exceeding 200,000 in each of those years, peaking at more than 250,000 units in 1999. The three years beginning in 2001 saw truck orders plummet to around 150,000 units per year. Since the normal replacement cycle for trucks is around four years, it is clear that many of the trucks purchased in 1998 through 2000 were not replaced and are now five, six and seven years old. 2004 saw an increase in truck builds but did not even approach the deficits of the previous three years. In addition, a host of costs and operational barriers have surfaced in recent years that make adding capacity a different challenge than in previous periods. Drivers remain in chronic short supply. Independent contractors are among some of the hardest hit by the rising costs. Neither group has expanded in recent years. In fact, evidence strongly suggests that drivers and independent contractors have been significantly reduced in number.
Our pledge, as a Company, is to continue delivering best-in-class service and SAFETY for our customers while offering multiple supply chain solutions across our network of Truck, Intermodal and Dedicated Contract Services businesses. Our pledge to our stockholders is to continue managing the company for the best financial results possible while practicing our stewardship responsibilities over the assets of the Company, including cash, for your best interest.
 We sincerely appreciate your support.
2
Kirk Thompson Wayne Garrison
