 TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF J.B. HUNT TRANSPORT SERVICES, INC.
In 2014, we delivered another exceptional year at J.B. Hunt, continuing our trend of year-over-year improvements. Though winter weather created unpredictable hardships early in the year and the driver shortage produced unprecedented challenges across the industry, we persevered. Through deliberate adjustments during changing conditions, we were able to handle record-setting load and stop volumes in Intermodal (JBI), Dedicated Contract Services (DCS), and Integrated Capacity Solutions (ICS), while Truckload (JBT) made meaningful progress toward recovery.
As it is every year, our success in 2014 is the result of the remarkable efforts put forward by every one of our employees, the J.B. Hunt Team. Their execution of the business is the driving force behind the company’s continued prosperity. Furthermore, key customer partnerships drive us toward innovation and inspire us to search for new ways to grow our services as a company.
2014 Financial Results
With a 10% increase in topline performance, our total consolidated operating revenue exceeded $6 billion in 2014. Operating income improved to more than $630 million, and earnings per share rose to $3.16. We generated over $926 million in EBITDA, invested a net $660 million in capital equipment and assets, and returned more than $218 million to our stockholders in the form of dividends and the repurchase of our common stock. Our debt levels at the end of 2014 were approximately $934 million, which is well within our targeted ratios.
As noted, our net capital expenditures for 2014 approximated $660 million, as compared to $443 million in 2013. The increase in capital expenditures resulted primarily from the purchase of additional containers and chassis for JBI, as well as the purchase of additional and replacement tractors and trailers across all asset business segments. As of December 31, 2014, our tractor and truck fleet consisted of 12,085 units, total trailer fleet count was 27,731, and the container fleet at year-end was 73,298. In addition, we engaged more than 1,350 independent contractors, operating their own tractors while utilizing our trailing equipment. It is our belief that operating with newer revenue equipment improves customer service, attracts higher-quality drivers, and lowers equipment-operating expense.
Intermodal (JBI)
2014 was a challenging year for rail service. Despite these difficulties, JBI achieved a 7% increase in overall load volume and increased revenues to $3.7 billion in 2014 while maintaining acceptable margins. Throughout the year, we dealt with severe weather and lingering overall network congestion. Service recovery remained stalled for extended periods as railroads coped with higher volumes in several commodities along with growth in intermodal. This ultimately resulted in a reduction in box turns and increased cost in the drayage system. With improvements to rail infrastructure, power systems, crews and scheduling, we anticipate rail service will stabilize and improve steadily throughout 2015.
Dedicated Contract Services (DCS)
DCS revenue increased 13% to $1.4 billion in 2014. The year presented headwinds across many geographical regions, from winter weather to driver shortages. We also experienced some specific contract challenges involving several larger accounts. These issues contributed to the segment’s shortfall in delivering the margins we had expected. Progress made during 2014 in key areas, including driver recruiting and retention, pricing and other contract enhancements, position us to deliver improved performance for both our customers and our owners going forward.
Integrated Capacity Solutions (ICS)
ICS continues to grow, with revenues increasing 34% to $718 million. ICS opened six new field branches in 2014, expanding our reach for customers and partner carriers. The segment grew headcount by 16%, extending our investment to meet the needs of our customers. Our strategy is to target new customers and develop expanding revenue streams to strengthen ICS and simultaneously generate growth for our other segments.
Truck (JBT)
Under new management in 2014 and operating with a reduced fleet, our legacy truckload division is returning to a more sustainable business model. In the first phase of our financial recovery plan, JBT increased operating income to $24 million in 2014, primarily driven by increased rates per loaded mile, lower personnel costs, a smaller trailer fleet, and gains on equipment sales. We remain committed to providing a relevant, asset-based truckload model, rounding out our single-source service offerings and providing a “best fit” solution for our customers.
  2
Letter To Our Stockholders

 Strategic Initiatives
Infrastructure:
We continually evaluate all real estate properties to ensure optimal customer service, driver support, equipment positioning, fueling, and maintenance. In 2014, we opened new operating centers in Alliance, Texas, and Edgerton, Kansas. We will open another operating center in San Bernardino, California, during 2015. These facilities are particularly strategic for Intermodal. Offices on the Lowell campus have expanded into newly leased space, and plans are underway to begin construction on a new office tower adjacent to our current headquarters. During 2014, we closed or sold facilities in Mississippi and Georgia, as they are no longer supported by the business. We will continue to evaluate property requirements for all business segments.
Cultural Development:
We continue to grow and develop our more than 20,000 employees, both at corporate and in the field, and have launched several initiatives to bolster companywide engagement and improve employee lifestyle. This year we created our first Employee Resource Group (ERG) known as G.R.O.W. (Growing and Retaining Outstanding Women), and committed to hiring more than 10,000 U.S. military veterans by the year 2020. The functionality in Workday HR increases our ability to identify and manage opportunities in our talent development programs, enabling better preparation for future growth. Our partnership with the University of Arkansas to expand employee development programs created sales-force training modules on how to improve efficiency and provide greater value to our customers. During 2014, we launched the J.B. Hunt Experience, a long-term cultural enhancement initiative to build an even better working environment and service culture.
Technology:
We see expanding potential in our technology strategies, including mobile, cloud-based systems, purchased services and software, and internal development of proprietary operating systems. A breakthrough system for us in 2014 was J.B. Hunt 360. This Web-based, mobile-friendly service allows customers to obtain rate quotes, book loads, trace load progress, and pay using credit cards. We believe there is a growing market for self-service platforms, and J.B. Hunt 360 moves us closer to these customers. We completed preparation needed to begin implementing MercuryGate to support load management in ICS. We are in the midst of a mainframe modernization project, creating a fully Web-enabled, intuitive internal system as part of our long-term roadmap.
Customer Development and Expansion:
Customer retention and growth have long been a key focus at J.B. Hunt, involving extensive cross-selling. A customer utilization scorecard is now in full use, guiding an objective ranking system that reveals the quality of each customer’s business across all JBHT segments. Characteristics examined in customer rankings include growth trends, buying behaviors, automation, equipment efficiencies, and other important terms and conditions. This information will soon be available to our customers on J.B. Hunt 360 with the goal of maintaining and growing our existing accounts while also adding new clients and generating revenue across a broader base.
A key theme for us moving into 2015 and beyond is to “Think Big.” Inspired by a recent look back on our over 50-year history, “Think Big” is an expression of our ongoing commitment to seek out new and different ways to serve our growing customer base. Freight demand has potential to continue improving given positive economic forecasts. We also see a clear shift in customer buying trends toward online purchasing. As we contemplate the effects of an improving U.S. economy, we are working toward building a bigger, stronger, and better business model.
We again thank our employees for their extraordinary diligence and dedication to exceptional service. We thank our customers for their continued patronage and trust. In addition, we thank our stockholders for their investment and ongoing confidence.
John N. Roberts, III Kirk Thompson President & Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
      3
Letter To Our Stockholders
