 DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS:
As of this writing, J.B. Hunt Transport Services and BNSF Railway celebrate 20 years of joint intermodal service. When the partnership started, it was thought of as experimental by many, and no one could have imagined the effect it would have on the transportation industry. Today, intermodal is one of the most efficient, economical and environmentally friendly ways to move goods, and J.B. Hunt is the recognized leader in intermodal. At J.B. Hunt, we’ve always had an eye toward the long term and a focus on bringing innovative and cost-effective solutions to our customers’ supply-chain challenges. We do not always take the conventional approach to a problem. Indeed, our culture of innovation and the view toward the long term also led us years ago to make strategic investments in our Dedicated Contract Services (DCS) and Integrated Capacity Solutions (ICS) businesses. These investments enabled us to weather many of the difficulties that came about this past year as diesel fuel prices skyrocketed and the Country officially entered a recession in December 2007. More specifically, our business mix enabled us to keep earnings and revenue, before fuel surcharge, nearly flat with last year even as we further reduced our exposure to the more cyclical Truck segment. While we are not immune to future challenges our economy may experience, we are confident that our strategy and our people will enable us to deliver attractive returns to our shareholders and cost-effective solutions to our customers.
In the past year and for the first time in our history, Intermodal grew to represent more than half of our Company’s revenues and an even greater share of profits. Importantly, our success with Intermodal meant a more cost-effective solution for our customers, less congestion on the highways and a reduced carbon footprint as compared to highway transport. It also meant greater volumes for our rail partners. No single element of our Intermodal network accounts for our industry-leading service or attractive financial returns. It involves many factors that have been refined over many years. We certainly enjoy long-standing, mutually beneficial relationships with our rail partners, which include expedited rail ramp entry and exit. However, also important is our company-owned drayage fleet and the industry’s largest container fleet. Further, our co-location adjacent to busy intermodal facilities and private gate access enables us to maintain higher service levels. It also means higher utilization of our equipment and a more driver-friendly alternative to over-the-road driving. Likewise, because we maintain our own proprietary chassis pool, we do not need to rely upon a shared pool, which means we have access to equipment when and where we need it. We believe that all of these factors contribute to our success in growing more quickly than the overall market.
We are excited about the opportunity for Intermodal growth in the eastern part of the Country. These markets have traditionally been known as “truck markets” because of shorter lengths of haul and because some of the older rail infrastructure wasn’t designed for double-stack containers. These dynamics are changing as our rail partners continue to invest in the necessary infrastructure. In some cases, relatively small amounts of capital can unclog significant traffic bottlenecks. We will continue to invest with our partners, recognizing that the long-term benefits can be substantial. Our ownership and control of the equipment plays an important role in these shorter-haul markets where drayage can represent a larger portion of the entire move. We are unique in this regard. Lastly, because our Truck segment has operated in these markets for many years, we believe we have an excellent understanding of the market dynamics and where Intermodal can make economic sense for our customers. In summary, we believe that J.B. Hunt is extraordinarily positioned for the dynamics of the Eastern markets.
We are particularly pleased with the performance of our DCS business during this past year. While trucking company failures soared, diesel fuel prices reached record levels and the economy struggled with a deepening recession, DCS held margins nearly flat year over year and saw just a slight reduction in revenue. DCS, on a stand-alone basis, would be among the country’s largest and most profitable transportation companies, and the stability of operating income during this period would have made them a standout performer. Importantly, our recent results mask some important work that was being done behind the scenes. We have found that our greatest successes come about as we understand our customers’ businesses better and, as a result, deliver the right combination of people, assets and ideas that make a measurable bottom-line difference. We back up our rhetoric with the use of our proprietary methodology known as Customer Value DeliveryTM (CVD). Key components of CVD are scheduled, formal reviews throughout the year, which builds on periodic measurement and reporting of key performance indicators. With this approach and a renewed focus, we successfully grew our customer base and revenues in specialized and replenishment services, which essentially offset the continued runoff of legacy contracts where our focus had simply been to provide equipment on a “dedicated” basis. Providing solutions-based transportation services requires a longer sales cycle, but the recognizable value to our customers enables us to avoid pure price competition. Value for our customers is achieved using a holistic approach, not on a low-bid, commodity like level. In addition, we operate under longer-term contracts that provide us with a level of stability and predictability that is good for our customers, employees and our shareholders. We also made continued cost reductions in labor, depreciation, and insurance and claims through improved safety.
Our Truck segment had a challenging year despite our ongoing strategic efforts to reduce exposure to the more cyclical elements of this business. During 2008 we reduced our truck fleet 16%, which is on top of the 23% reduction from the prior year. Our Truck fleet is 42% below the level during the last economic downturn of 2000-2001. Our ability to satisfy customer needs through our Intermodal and Integrated Capacity Solutions (ICS) divisions is part of the reason we can be more aggressive than some other large fleets in adjusting our fleet size. Nonetheless, our attempts to “right-size” the fleet in relation to our customer requirements and return-on-investment targets only provided a modest cushion to worsening demand trends and the resulting pricing pressures.
The demand for truckload services will rebound with economic activity, and the industry’s capacity has been contracting for some time. As such, we are confident that at some point supply and demand will come back into balance. Sometimes this can occur rapidly and
Letter to Our Stockholders

 unexpectedly, as was the case in June 2008. Following the sharp rise in diesel prices and a rapid rise of trucking company failures in the first five months of the year, a slight uptick in demand in June quickly threw supply and demand in favor of capacity providers. This rebalance was immediately evident in firming rates and improved equipment utilization. While that rebalancing ultimately turned out to be short-lived, our Truck division should be able to respond favorably when we do get a more sustainable recovery. Longer term, the trucking industry is expected to face a number of supply constraints. Perhaps foremost will be the need for qualified drivers. Over-the-road driving has always been a difficult profession, and demographics continue to work against the traditional source for drivers. The industry must deal with strict hours-of-service requirements and evolving security and safety measures from federal, state and municipal authorities. Each of these factors will continue to pressure the supply of industry capacity. Highway congestion, emission requirements and a host of other factors are also at play and affect for-hire as well as private fleets. We feel that we are well-positioned to meet these challenges within our Truck division, but we also see this as longer-term opportunities for our Intermodal, DCS and ICS segments.
ICS continued its rapid growth and made an important contribution to our profitability. The ability of this segment to bring a variety of transport options to a broad range of customers should continue to support this growth. ICS fills an important part of our long-term strategy to bring a broader variety of cost-effective solutions to existing relationships as well as to new ones. Despite being an industry leader, J.B. Hunt is small relative to the size of the North American trucking market. By harnessing the technology, the brand and the expertise behind J.B. Hunt, ICS is able to capture a greater share of this market while meeting the one-way transportation needs of our customers effectively and cost-efficiently. We believe that the ICS non-asset-based, multimodal approach is the most effective way for us to penetrate some of the markets and customer segments that would not otherwise have fit our asset-based network. This greatly expands the size of our potential markets and our desire to meet all of our customers’ supply-chain requirements.
We cannot be successful long term in this business if we do not treat our carrier partners well. Having our own roots in asset-based trucking, we know the importance of making our partners successful. Our quick-pay and cash advances services, for example, were important ingredients this past year in growing our carrier base and expanding our geographic reach.
We are pleased that despite the challenging freight market, we increased cash flow, reduced indebtedness and improved asset turnover. We believe that our financial strength is particularly important during these challenging times. Over the years, our financial strength and flexibility have enabled us to fund our growth, repurchase shares of our stock and return capital to shareholders in the form of dividends. We laid the foundation for these results in years past when we refocused our resources to areas where we believed we could bring a value-added, differentiated service to our customers. With our unique Intermodal network, solutions-based DCS segment, and our asset-based and non-asset-based truck offerings, we are excited about all that we can bring to our customers and to our shareholders. We will continue to direct our resources to areas where we can provide a service our customers will value at a return our shareholders find attractive. We recognize that a transportation business is successful one load at a time and that our people are behind every successful load. Our confidence in our future resides in our people, and we are grateful for their continued hard work and commitment.
Sincerely,
Kirk Thompson Wayne Garrison
Letter to Our Stockholders
