to our stockhoLders:
        2010 brought our nation a collective sigh of relief as we began to climb out of one the deepest recessions in history. Early on, many were uncertain if the economy would fare any better than in 2009. However, we soon recognized encouraging signs of recovery. J.B. Hunt Transport’s unwavering commitment to a proven strategy of complementary business offerings allowed us to immediately capitalize on the improving economic health. We finished the year strong and with optimism about the future.
In December 2010, J.B. Hunt Intermodal (JBI) achieved a significant milestone by surpassing 1 million loads in a calendar year. This exciting landmark could only be accomplished through the hard work of our people and our unique and strategic rail relationships. Representing more than half of the company’s total revenue and operating income, JBI remains the leading component of our portfolio. At the end of 2010, the fleet consisted of more than 44,600 containers and over 2,600 tractors. By providing our customers the best in flexibility, service and reliability, this segment continues to move trucks off our nation’s highways – benefiting our environment and improving highway safety.
Dedicated Contract Services® (DCS) is a premier provider in the dedicated contract carriage sector. DCS client retention reached record levels in 2010 while the segment actively targeted industry verticals requiring precise inventory management, critical service levels, and data-rich visibility and reporting. 2010 also marked the first full year of operation for our national final mile delivery network comprised of approximately 90 cross dock facilities. Market demand, superior operational results and excellent customer service have quickly made DCS one of the nation’s leaders in complex delivery services. Investments in process engineering and advanced technology have further enhanced our delivery capabilities. DCS remains focused on offering increasingly complicated and specialized dedicated solutions.
Our youngest segment, Integrated Capacity Solutions (ICS), continues to grow at an impressive rate. Despite tightening of capacity and a tough rate environment, year-over-year operating revenue increased by 12%. At the end of 2010, this segment had at its disposal more than 25,600 reliable third-party carriers. With this vast network, ICS is able to provide safe and comprehensive transportation and logistics solutions that include flatbed, refrigerated, less-than-truckload (LTL), specialized equipment, drivers and services. Going forward, as supported by market dynamics and profitable growth opportunities, we will increase our employee count and expand the branch sales network throughout the nation.
J.B. Hunt’s Truck (JBT) segment profitability improved significantly in 2010 as we persisted in our comprehensive review of underperforming accounts. Although the fleet size has been trimmed to 2,588 tractors, we remain one of the largest and safest truckload carriers in the nation. Firmer demand, network refinement and a strengthening freight environment improved our asset utilization, while cost-cutting measures made in the last few years have increased JBT operating margins. As a result, revenue (excluding fuel surcharges) per tractor per day improved 15% from last year, making it the highest since 2007. Improvement in financial returns must continue to warrant future capital reinvestment in our truckload business.
2010 was a year of validation for us. Our superior position, both financially and within the industry, has proven yet again that our approach of providing the most diverse, integrated and dynamic service offerings gives us a clear edge. Additionally, through our proprietary continuous improvement methodology, Customer Value Delivery®, we systematically create, measure and effectively communicate increased value to our customers. Our core beliefs centered on Value, Innovation, Technology, Sustainability and best-in-class Safety are only achieved and maintained when the right people are in place. It is our People who make this Company so successful.
Sincerely,
John Roberts Kirk Thompson
               2
