  Fiscal 2015 was a great year for Jabil and I was extremely pleased with our accomplishments as an organization. Our year was highlighted by strong growth, solid financial results and an enhanced set of capabilities that will better allow us to further leverage powerful global trends impacting the markets we serve.
Net revenue in fiscal 2015 grew by 14 percent to $17.9 billion. Core operating income* and core diluted earnings per share* grew at even quicker rates to $670 million and $2.07, respectively. All of these efforts culminated in $1.24 billion in cash flow from operations, offering us the financial flexibility to strengthen the core of our business and return funds to shareholders via dividends and share buybacks.
As anticipated, the growth in our business was largely driven by strong results in Diversified Manufacturing Services (DMS), as our team performed exceptionally well against a favorable backdrop of end-markets that include mobility, consumer lifestyles, healthcare and consumer packaging. Today, our DMS business stands at $7 billion in revenue and represents a wide array of products. Looking ahead, I believe this business is uniquely positioned to generate further growth and diversity for our company as we leverage tremendous levels of engineering aptitude to drive innovation in the areas of material sciences, precision machining and tooling.
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES AND PARTNERS:
Our Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) team delivered strong results, as well. Pacing at approximately $11 billion in annual revenue, our EMS business grew modestly and improved profitability as we enhanced our value proposition. We accomplished this by addressing real problems and providing innovative solutions. The build-to-print days are largely gone for EMS providers. Today, our customers rely on us to provide them with an intelligent supply chain that accelerates their speed-to-market, improves quality and manages potential disruptions effectively. I believe we made solid progress towards delivering those solutions in 2015.
Moving forward, Jabil must embrace an unprecedented rate of change as the world is evolving at a frenetic pace. The aging global population and growing middle class are driving the need for improved healthcare solutions. As a result, advances in technology will enable medical devices to become smaller, easier to use and more accurate. Similarly, trends towards rapid urbanization are changing longstanding beliefs around transportation and distributed energy. Consequently, the auto and alternative energy markets are radically shifting focus. Looking forward, everything will be mobile, everything will be connected and everything will be measured, driving the need for better infrastructure; efficient data management and analysis; and ubiquitous access to cloud services.
WORK ENVIRONMENT CUSTOMER SERVICE 12
    CREATE A SAFE PROVIDE
AND MEANINGFUL EXCEPTIONAL

Fiscal 2015 was highlighted by strong growth, solid financial results and an expanded set of valuable capabilities. As Jabil approaches its 50th year in business, I’m excited to see what our team can accomplish over the coming years in partnership with 250 of the most innovative brands in the world.
    All of these trends play right into Jabil’s favor as they necessitate the need for better solutions and advanced manufacturing. The challenge, I believe, will be maintaining an equal level of focus on delivering innovative solutions to meet these needs of the brands that will ultimately change the world we live in. For that reason, it’s critical for us to re-invest in our business and build upon the solutions we provide.
In fact, the progress we’ve made in advancing our capabilities led to the opening of our Jabil Blue Sky Center in San Jose. This energetic think tank displays a collection of Jabil’s capabilities all under one roof. It offers an environment for enhanced collaboration, where our partners can truly touch and feel what we do each and every day.
Simply stated, my management team and I are focused on ensuring Jabil’s success for many years to come. With long- term success in mind, it’s worth pointing out that Jabil will be celebrating its 50th year as a company in 2016. Over the past five decades, the markets we have served and the offerings we have provided have changed and become more complex. However, our focus has remained consistent.
As we begin a new fiscal year, I would like to reiterate our focus:
• Create a safe and meaningful work environment • Provide exceptional customer service
• Enhance and expand our capabilities
• Deliver growth
In closing, I would like to thank our nearly 180,000 employees worldwide for your dedication and commitment. Together, we’re bringing forth innovative solutions that not only allow our customers to succeed, but also align with the incredible secular tailwinds that will drive our business for years to come.
Thank you for your support of Jabil. Yours Truly,
Mark T. Mondello, Chief Executive Officer
 * This letter uses non-GAAP financial metrics. Please refer to “Management’s Discussion & Analysis – Non-U.S. GAAP Core Financial Measures” on pages 46 and 47 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed on October 16, 2015, for reconciliations of core operating income and core earnings per share to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures.
OUR CAPABILITIES DELIVER GROWTH 34
  ENHANCE AND EXPAND
