Dear Jabil Shareholders
Fiscal 2003 was a transformational year for Jabil. We restructured operations, integrated acquisitions, expanded services and became a truly global enterprise. The management team is grateful for the perseverance and persistence of the people of Jabil as they ultimately achieved a successful year. We believe our marketplace is expanding and yet we are compelled to compete on a global scale against a changing breed of competitor. We see a market convergence of product-oriented Asian suppliers, commonly referred to as Original Design Manufacturers (ODM), with our familiar services-based Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) market. As this trend continues, we observe ODM's modifying their strategies to more directly penetrate the core EMS space while several EMS providers are moving from a services to a productbased orientation. Jabil will continue in its long-term direction as an electronics design and manufacturing services company providing global solutions to the world's leading electronic OEM's. We will provide our customers what they want, where and when they want it. Our comprehensive services are intended to provide customers flexible solutions, from standalone product design, to collaborative design to traditional manufacturing services. In support of this mission, Jabil Technology Services ( JTS) continues to expand services and locations, better positioning us to effectively compete against ODM's. In fiscal 2004, we will collaboratively design more products for more customers across a broader range of product categories than ever before. During fiscal 2003, Jabil Enclosure and Integration Services ( JEIS) expanded their services to include complex backplane and enclosure assembly and expanded geographically to Asia. JEIS enables us to better compete against vertically integrated providers with our "virtual vertical" solution. Jabil Global Services ( JGS) continues to provide life cycle management services for an increasing number of customers from sites in the Americas, Europe and Asia. We also invested in systems and capabilities to open new industry sectors with promising growth prospects, for example, the medical and

"In fiscal 2004, our first objective will be to improve all aspects of our core product: consistently exceptional execution. We want to have the most satisfied customers on the planet."

Revenue, core operating income and core EPS increased $1.18 billion, $59 million and 25 cents, respectively, as reflected in the Financial Highlights section. Strong balance sheet management continued and our Return on

Invested Capital (ROIC) exceeded our cost of capital in the fiscal fourth quarter. We successfully transformed our global footprint and now have approximately 70 percent of our productive capacity in low cost locations. Our sector and customer diversification has improved dramatically and we now have a lower risk, more resilient portfolio of growth opportunities. Jabil has changed from years past and is now in a better position to compete in the global marketplace. In fiscal 2003, we were focused on the changing competitive environment and the need to adapt the Company in response to those changes. We acknowledge this adaptation process was painful as we reduced our workforce in the U.S. and Western Europe. We believe this process is largely behind us and do not expect significant capacity reductions during fiscal 2004. Understanding change is a constant and course corrections are sometimes necessary, we believe we are now on the road to sustainable long-term growth. Fiscal fourth quarter of 2003 marked our sixth consecutive quarter of revenue and core earnings per share growth. We expect this growth trend to continue in fiscal 2004.

2

Jabil Circuit, Inc. 2003 Annual Report

defense sectors. Our industry-unique customercentric business unit model will continue to deliver these comprehensive services in a fully integrated way, allowing our customers to confidently turn over more and more of the global responsibility for building, delivering and servicing their products. During fiscal 2004, we will challenge ourselves to improve our Company and our value proposition to customers and shareholders. We expect business to grow significantly during the year and we expect this growth will come from predominantly organic sources. We were challenged during fiscal 2003 to sustain strong operational performance as we managed through a number of complex variables. In fiscal 2004, our first objective is to improve all aspects of our core product: consistently exceptional execution. We want to have the most satisfied customers on the planet. Strong revenue growth combined with solid balance sheet and expense controls should lead to improving financial metrics during fiscal 2004. We intend to significantly improve our sales cycle, operating margins and return on invested capital over the course of the year. Our growth expectations are not premised upon a robust macroeconomic recovery but we are heartened by the recent stability of end markets and the potential for renewed growth appearing on the horizon. Over the past two years, we have worked hard to return to our trend line growth rate of 30 percent in operating income, to rejuvenate organic growth through the secular trend to outsourcing and to move our internal focus from capacity realignment to continuous process improvement. We are gratified fiscal 2004 will mark positive progress in all of these areas.

Fiscal 2003 represented a year in which we re-positioned the Company with a lower risk profile and expanded opportunities for growth. We accepted the challenge of managing through a high number of variables. We sometimes strained under this load but ultimately delivered a solid year of growth and substantially outpaced our peer group. In fiscal 2004, with the variables to our success substantially reduced, we expect to step closer to our vision of being a bigger, and much better, company. This year our annual report illustrates how our Company has grown and matured into a global enterprise. Our success as a business rests squarely on the shoulders of our dedicated, diligent workforce around the world. We are thankful for such an exemplary group of people, collectively representing one of the strongest manufacturing workforces in the world.

Timothy L. Main President and Chief Executive Officer

William D. Morean Chairman

