DEA R EE MP POW L OY S, SC HAREH OL D ERS A ND PA RTNERS : TH EE RE OF HANGE
These are challenging times for our people, our customers, and for our investors. And, while we acknowledge this is a difficult environment, we also view this as an opportunity to take advantage of our strengths, to grow market share and to innovate. We view this as a time to renew our approach and value to the market and to position ourselves for growth in the future. Fiscal 2008 began as the subprime mortgage crisis was taking hold and closed with the
William D. Morean

it will make us more resilient during the downturn in the global economy. We began the fiscal year with a new organizational structure of three divisions supporting ten diverse business sectors.This new structure is providing added vitality to the way in which we engage and serve our customers, increasing transparency for management and investors and highlighting the areas of our business doing well and those we most need to improve. We expect to use this visibility to manage our mix of capital to higher return sectors. It currently appears as though Fiscal 2009 will continue to be a challenging global environment. However, the trend to outsource the manufacturing of electronic hardware has always been the primary engine of Jabil's growth. We expect penetration rates will rise over time and accelerate as we exit the present economic down cycle. We have sectors with the potential to outperform the market and others which we believe can be expanded through greater market share with customers and added services. Our Mobility sector will continue to focus on developing and refining an end-to-end solution, garnering greater synergy through Jabil Green Point and expanding business with new and existing customers. A key to our financial success will be our ability to improve utilization of our global manufacturing assets, including
Timothy L. Main

global economy experiencing a worsening recession. As of this

writing we are entering the second year of this recession (according to the National Bureau of Economic Research it began in December of 2007) and while some opinions expect a recovery in mid-2009, other sources anticipate a more prolonged downturn. Despite the macro-environment, fiscal 2008 was a year of growth for Jabil. Revenues expanded by 4 percent and we posted double digit gains in operating income and core earnings per share. We were able to structure new long-term debt agreements in early 2008, solidifying our liquidity. We finished the year with $773 million in cash and $800 million available under our five year revolving credit facility, representing liquidity of over $1.5 billion. We closed fiscal 2008 on a strong note with sequential improvements in revenue and margins from our fiscal third quarter to our fiscal fourth quarter. Our diversification across multiple end- markets has been a key to our sustaining growth and we believe

markets served to improve yields and judiciously deploy

2

2008 Diverse Market Sectors

our mechanics-focused vertical integration. This is a very large addressable market and we have a differentiated and rapidly improving value proposition, particularly in higher-end devices. We expect to see good growth in the sector as we grow relationships and expand our participation in new product categories. We expect our Industrial, Instrumentation and Medical segment to continue delivering excellent results. Since the last recession in 2002, this sector has grown revenue from under $200 million to $2.3 billion in fiscal 2008. This is a very diverse sector for Jabil, encompassing a high number of customers and product categories. Jabil manufactures products such as scientific test and measurement products, diagnostic medical equipment, patient monitoring systems, white goods and many types of industrial controls. Quality, reliability and our high-mix, high-complexity manufacturing competency has underpinned our growth in this attractive sector. The Computing and Storage sector is also an appealing market as enterprises around the world focus on greater speed and access to large volumes of stored information. Document retention requirements and the need to rapidly store, categorize and retrieve important

data will continue to drive higher levels of demand for sophisticated systems. We are also witnessing a move to consolidated data centers with greater computing power at lower levels of energy consumption and higher efficiency. These trends are favorable for our customers and fit well with Jabil's ability to produce highly complex products in low-cost locations, complemented by regionally deployed product fulfillment services. We enjoy strong global relationships with the leading companies in these fields and are continuously expanding our value proposition to new service areas. Although the fiscal year will be

(US$ MM)

Industrial, Instrumentation & Medical Growth CAGR >50%

3

challenging as enterprises restrain spending, we are focused on growing market share in several relationships and important product areas. Our Telecom and our Peripherals sectors are performing well. Growth will be slower than previously expected in 2009 due to the economic downturn. However, we are expanding our business in set-top boxes and printing in the Peripherals sector and we believe there are a number of attractive product categories in the Telecom sector. Additionally, the challenging demand and credit environment may place a number of our competitors supporting these sectors under financial pressure. Customers tend to be risk averse in this type of environment and are more likely to consolidate their requirements with fewer, more financially secure suppliers. We plan to capitalize on this condition in fiscal 2009 and beyond. Our Aftermarket Services division posted excellent results in fiscal 2008 and we intend to focus on aggressively growing this business in the years ahead. Our customers need financially sound and globally capable service providers and our services division is truly a world-leader in this area. Our divisional structure will evolve as we grow sectors, add new business and exit unattractive business areas. Decisions concerning investments, who we do business with and where we operate will be made at the divisional level. The structure is designed to keep decision making closer to the customer and we will work to keep our organization flexible, adaptable and use speed in decision making to our advantage. The divisions will enjoy the freedom to tailor infrastructure and services to their particular market sectors at a competitive cost structure.

Across divisions, we will continue to utilize centralized services, such as information technology, and will take full advantage of our scale by optimizing our global footprint and focusing on sound, universal principles such as lean manufacturing, inventory reductions and sharing best practices around the world. We have also made significant progress advancing our human development process to ensure we make best use of our critical human capital. In the past year, we have also been working on new avenues of growth. As part of our strategic planning process, we assess new areas of potential business that capitalize on a major global trend and are relational to the management of a global physical manufacturing infrastructure needing improved efficiency, scale and lower costs. We have embarked on an effort to make clean technology products a part of our business. This sector encompasses a wide range of technologies and products from alternative, renewable energy sources to higher efficiency products improving the management and utilization of power. We are keen to expand our involvement in the medical industry beyond electronic hardware and are working to expand our services business beyond traditional repair. As we traverse through an increasingly uncertain environment, we are reminded that previous recessionary

(US$ B)

Strong Post-Recession Revenue Growth

4

periods have been precursors to periods of extraordinary growth for our company. Jabil has met each recession (there have been five during the 42 year history of the company) with new and renewed approaches to our business. The last recession in 2002 was followed by a four year period of revenue growth that totaled 190% and saw the company diversify markets served and our global operations and capabilities. In fact, since 2002, the company has posted more revenue and income than in the entire previous 36 year history of the company. We are much better positioned today than we were in 2001, and when the economy begins to recover we expect to demonstrate strong revenue growth, margin expansion and higher levels of return on invested capital. The present environment will give us another opportunity to renew and refresh our business. Change and renewal has been a very important part of our story from the beginning. We have evolved from a simple job shop assembling consignment kits to a company operating in 22 countries around the world with over 85,000 employees. We've transitioned from a `board stuffer' to a `solutions provider', from a company heavily concentrated in the communications sector to a balanced and diversified global manufacturer. We have survived recessions and have emerged stronger with a post-recession acceleration of growth. We have been pressured by new competitors with novel approaches and have always found a way to fight back and win. Over the years Jabil has worked through the ebbs and flows of a young growing industry and an ever-changing global economy, has faced the changes and challenges to adapt and innovate and remained a profitable key player in satisfying the growing demand for electronic manufacturing services.

Strategically, we are well positioned and still believe the biggest difference between winning and losing in our business is which company can execute and serve their customers the best. We believe continuously improving what we do, with the same systems and values around the world is key to building strong, long term relationships. We are deeply appreciative of the continued support of our employees, customers and shareholders.

William D. Morean Chairman

Timothy L. Main President and Chief Executive Officer

(US$ B)

(US$ MM)

1966-2001 Revenue ($B)

2002-2008 Profit ($mm)

Over the last six years, Jabil has booked over $50 billion in revenue and earned more profits during this time than the previous 36-year history of the company.

5

