DEAR employees, Shareholders and partners,
The past eighteen months have been an extraordinary period of change for Jabil.  We have experienced adversity but we have also taken meaningful steps to continue building a prosperous company in a growing industry. In fiscal 2006 Jabil continued to show very strong revenue growth as revenues topped $10.3 billion, 36 percent higher than in fiscal 2005. Growth occurred in all segments but was particularly strong in our consumer and instrumentation and medical sectors. This growth continued in the first half of fiscal 2007, as revenues climbed to $6.2 billion, 31 percent higher than in the first half of fiscal 2006. However, profitability did not follow this growth trend and we have not been satisfied with recent financial performance. During the second half of fiscal 2006 we experienced unanticipated expenses in new and existing operations and underperforming business plans. In addition, since mid 2006 end-markets have weakened and excess capacity in our industry has led to a more severe pricing environment, particularly in the consumer electronics sector. This change in the macro-economic environment, along with a negative industry sector environment, hurt profitability and prompted a number of corrective actions. Globally, we are rationalizing our manufacturing capacity and reducing the cost of our infrastructure. These changes, while painful for our people in the short-term, are necessary to ensure the future viability of our company and the competitiveness of our value proposition. We have eliminated certain consumer electronics products of our own design from our forward-looking business plan as market dynamics for those products are no longer attractive. We have also reduced our participation in some hyper-competitive areas of the consumer sector to focus on higher value-add and higher return products and services. We expect to begin seeing the benefits of these various corrective actions over the second half of fiscal 2007 and into fiscal 2008.

Timothy L. Main

During the past year we made a number of key moves designed to enhance our value proposition. The most significant of these was the acquisition of Taiwan Green Point, announced in November of 2006 and finalized in April of 2007. This acquisition brings us significant technology and know-how in mobile product casings, decorative finishes and plastics. The vertical integration of this capability with our consumer sector and mobile products customers should result in a superior end-to-end William D. Morean solution for customers. Mobile product customers want to outsource to select partners that can provide technology and product velocity at low cost.  Jabil is now one of the very few companies that can provide this combination. We expect to enjoy healthy long-term growth in mobile products as the market expands and as customers continue to outsource their development and manufacturing requirements. We expanded significantly into India, a rapidly growing economy with a burgeoning appetite for electronics as incomes rise and both business and consumer demand expands. We acquired Celetronix in March of 2006 and recently opened a new site in the emerging electronics hub of Chennai. We expect our revenue and profitability in India to show meaningful growth in fiscal 2008. We were awarded Mexico's "National Quality Award" in April of 2007.  This prestigious award, personally presented by Mexico's President Felipe Calderón to our Guadalajara team, acknowledged Jabil's "best total



quality management practices" in Mexico. We also opened a new factory in the Ukraine, significantly expanded our site in Poland and experienced robust growth in our China and Malaysia operations. Our sites in the USA have stabilized and some are experiencing expansion. Notably, our fulfillment operation in Memphis expanded significantly and achieved very strong operational performance during the year. New customer additions and the development of new and emerging sectors have been vigorous throughout the year. In fiscal 2006 and through the first half of fiscal 2007, we continued to post double digit year-overyear revenue growth in the computing and storage, instrumentation and medical, networking, peripherals and after-market services sectors. New customer additions have been at a brisk pace and market share has improved against most of our competitors. Jabil is now the third largest EMS provider in the world today, up from number six just two years ago. Our new customer wins and market share expansion should support enhanced profitability and invested capital returns in the future. Our services have expanded and increased in sophistication. Our product development capabilities resulted in profitable expansion of our business in the computing and storage and consumer electronics sectors. Order fulfillment services increased dramatically in the networking and in the instrumentation and medical sectors. Jabil is a recognized leader in providing a comprehensive set of integrated services and we will continue to invest in these areas in the years to come.      Approximately one year ago, we were wrongfully identified as one of several companies who might have backdated stock options. As a result, our options practices came under intense scrutiny by a variety of sources and we began a review of our stock option practices.  As we have previously reported, the Special Committee of the Board of Directors concluded that there was no merit to the allegations.  The Special Committee's review, and our own internal review, did identify errors in the ways in which we accounted for certain option grants. We have restated our financial statements for the impacted time periods and all of this information is detailed in the Form ­ 10K.  We are working hard to bring closure to these matters so that we can return our entire focus to growing the business and improving shareholder value. We believe we are making the necessary course corrections and taking proactive steps to adapt to changing conditions and to fully exploit market opportunities. Throughout this difficult period, our people have remained steadfast in their resolve and commitment to Jabil. This has been inspiring and it challenges our leadership to provide the stewardship and direction their commitment deserves. We are not where we intended to be a year ago. However, we are winning with customers and our operational execution is in fundamentally sound condition. We are well diversified and now enjoy broad exposure to the virtualization of the global electronics supply chain. We have added key vertical capabilities in targeted sectors and we are enjoying new business wins with this vertically integrated value proposition. We have the best people in the business. In the future, we expect our industry to grow and to consolidate around a smaller number of global players.  We look forward to our future with great optimism.

Timothy L. Main President and Chief Executive Officer

William D. Morean Chairman



