Dear shareholders, employees and partners,
I'm deeply honored to serve as Jabil's third CEO since our initial public offering in 1993. I'm further humbled when I reflect upon the fact that I'll be at the helm of this incredible company during this first year since inception in 1966 when a "Morean" (William Morean Sr. or his son, Bill Morean) will not be serving in either our Executive Management ranks or on our Board of Directors. Needless to say, an immeasurable thanks is owed to the Morean family, and specifically to Bill, who retired earlier this year. Thank you, Bill. Upon Bill's retirement, Jabil's Board of Directors appointed my predecessor, our former CEO, Tim Main, to assume the Chairman responsibilities. Tim's twelve years of stewardship far exceeded the typical tenure for Fortune 500 CEOs. His tireless work ethic and dedication led Jabil to company record revenues and profits. Tim's contributions are many and he will continue to influence Jabil in his new role as Chairman. Thank you, Tim. Reflecting on fiscal year 2013, we added more than two dozen significant customer relationships to our roster of impressive global brands we already serve. I believe this broad diversity of customers and major end markets, coupled with our global footprint, is the basis of our resiliency. This resiliency in and of itself is designed to make Jabil a wonderful long-term investment for shareholders. During fiscal year 2013, our team delivered company record revenues of $18.3 billion, while generating $1.2 billion in cash flows provided by operating activities. In addition, we returned roughly $200 million to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Growing our net cash, while maintaining keen discipline around operating margins and capital expenditures, is the key financial priority and focus for management.

J A BI L CIRC U IT , I N C . -- annual r e p o r t 2 0 1 3

In March, we organized the corporation into three distinct groupings: 1) Core operating divisions, 2) Standardized disciplines and proactive capability expansion, and 3) Strategic development and M&A. We expect this new approach will unlock additional diversified growth, via deeper investments in specialized solutions, capabilities, and technologies that are designed to serve our customers' ever-evolving needs and challenges. Additionally, we acquired Nypro during the year and we believe this acquisition was a major strategic success. We believe the cultural alignment is strong and the commercial fit ideally supports our long-term goal of diversifying beyond the legacy electronics manufacturing services marketplace. We believe Nypro provides a tremendous brand and a solid platform for our healthcare business and consumer packaging business, as well as offering an expanded mechanics capability for our high-velocity sector. Fiscal year 2013 was not without challenges. The macro-economy offered a m  odest recovery, but it was weak and unfulfilling. Our delivered earnings for the year were below expectations and, in my opinion, not reflective of the outstanding effort put forth by our team. Providing sustainable, long term value to shareholders is the key strategic priority and focus for management. I believe the core foundation of Jabil is strong and steadfast. I have a superb team of experienced and passionate leaders. Jabil's guiding compass is embedded in our culture. We have developed a reputation of applied ingenuity, while embracing change. We are self confident, but intolerant of arrogance. We treat our employees with dignity and provide them a great place to work. At Jabil, We Build Stuff--Our goal is to be the best in the world at what we do. In closing, I would like to thank our shareholders and customers for their trust and confidence in Jabil. I would also like to thank our approximately 175,000 employees for their incredible dedication and commitment. Over the next few pages you will see a collection of some of our best and brightest from around the world of Jabil. Respectfully,

Mark T. Mondello, Chief Executive Officer

P 01

