To Our Shareholders, Customers,Suppliers, Employees and Friends:
Jabil's fiscal 1999 was exciting. The service, global footprint, capacity and supply chain management dimensions of our company reached unprecedented levels of growth, depth and sophistication. This was accomplished through the dedicated efforts of our employees, the commitment of our customers, the support of our suppliers and the investment of our shareholders and financial partners. In fiscal 1999 we met or exceeded our operating performance objectives. We grew revenue 57 percent, from $1.3 billion to $2 billion, grew operating income 33 percent, from $106 million (excluding a one-time acquisition-related charge) to $141 million and delivered 23 percent growth in earnings per share. We strengthened our balance sheet in fiscal 1999 through a stock offering that raised $199 million. As we enter our next fiscal year, we have an excellent capital base to take advantage of our exceptional growth prospects. We continued to lead our peer group of the top tier EMS providers in important operational and financial ef ficiency benchmarks such as inventory turnover, days sales outstanding, sales per employee and return on equity. It was a very strong year by any measure. Although 1999 was an outstanding year, we also took important steps to ensure the continued leadership and prosperity of your company and the quality of your investment in the years to come. In the last month of our fiscal year we announced two key acquisitions which expanded our global footprint and broadened our service portfolio. Our acquisition of EFTC Services, which we have renamed Jabil Global Services (JGS), enriches our service offering with the ability to provide service and depot repair of our customers' products after they have been shipped to the ultimate user. The customer base for JGS is highly congruent with our current customer base and we expect JGS to enjoy solid long-term growth in the years to come. Our acquisition of GET Manufacturing, now known as Jabil China, gives us an immediate and deep capability in China, the world's sixth largest national economy. China is important to Jabil because it is crucial to both our current and prospective customer base, particularly in the communications sector, and is a lowcost production location pivotal to major Asian economies. The opportunity to acquire the know-how and management in a profitable operation accelerates our plan and substantially reduces the risk of doing business in China. Additionally, Jabil China brings valued new customers and capabilities such as expanded full product assembly and plastic injection molding. Jabil China is operating profitably under the capable direction of experienced and talented management.

2

Integrating acquisitions is a challenging process and an important capability. During the year we gained experience and added critical staff to facilitate the integration process for future acquisitions. We used the experience gained from the successful integration of the Hewlett Packard laser jet operations and our recent acquisitions to position management, systems and integration know-how to profitable application in the future. We anticipate a number of attractive acquisition and divestiture opportunities in the next year and are confident we may capitalize on the best of these without diluting our core mission of consistent excellence for our customers and financial returns for our investors.

We also substantially improved and accelerated the diversification of our customer base. We added 10 new material relationships in fiscal 1999 and we enter our fiscal 2000 with a balanced portfolio of 33 material relationships. We will continue to focus on selectively broadening and expanding our customer relationships as the primary growth engine of our company.

We significantly advanced our global supply chain management capabilities through continued investment in Information Technology infrastructure, inventory management systems, planning tools and sophisticated levels of integration with our customers. We successfully introduced SAP, our new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, into our company without disruption to our operations or customers. Jabil's vision of managing a low-cost global supply chain with complete transparency, minimal inventory and maximum flexibility advanced significantly. Competent execution of this complex process is a distinguishing feature for the top tier of our industry and Jabil will maintain a leading capability in this area.

We look forward to the new year with enthusiasm. We will continue to broaden our services and extend our global footprint to targeted regions such as Central Europe and Latin America. We will selectively exploit the extraordinary growth opportunities with the worlds leading OEMs through traditional organic, as well as acquisitive growth. Our emphasis will continue on our core, differentiated strengths in design, customer-centric business management, global manufacturing management and the seamless integration of services from design through final product service and support. We will place increasing emphasis on delivering consistent financial performance, quarter-to-quarter as well as year-to-year, and will maintain our position in the fast growing top tier of the EMS industry.
William D. Morean Chairman & CEO

These are exciting times for Jabil and we look forward to continued growth and success for all of our stakeholders.

