DEAR EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS AND PARTNERS:
Fiscal 2009 was a challenging year for all stakeholders of Jabil. The recession that began in December of 2007, worsened significantly and gripped the global economy throughout fiscal 2009. Although it appears the economic environment is tentatively improving, this tumultuous period has been a hardship for William D. Morean many of our employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders. Our sincere thanks to those who have continued to work hard under difficult circumstances and to those who continue to support and invest in our company. Revenue declined 8.6 percent in fiscal 2009 compared to fiscal 2008. Revenue momentum stalled abruptly and declined from $3.4 billion in our fiscal first quarter to $2.6 billion in our fiscal third quarter of 2009. However, the combination of a bottoming recession and our ability to expand share in targeted business areas resulted in sequential revenue growth of $184 million from our third to our fourth fiscal quarter. Although our financial performance improved markedly with operating leverage in our fiscal fourth quarter of 2009, revenue was still $465 million below the same period of 2008. The company responded with cost cutting, efficiency improvements and asset management. Cash flow from operations was up 33 percent to $557 million in fiscal 2009 from fiscal 2008. We reduced inventory by $302 million. We ended the year with $876 million in cash, $103 million higher than in 2008, after paying approximately $60 million in dividends and reducing debt by $135 million. We also successfully completed a $312 million long-term bond issuance, solidifying our capital position for future years. We believe our financial performance will improve in fiscal 2010, provided the broader economic environment continues to improve as well. Operating leverage is substantial and modest revenue growth should deliver good margin improvement. Evidence of this occurred in our fourth fiscal quarter of 2009 when earnings were significantly higher on a modest seven percent sequential revenue increase. We believe our mobility sector should demonstrate quality growth as new relationships and increasing synergy with our vertically integrated Jabil Green Point solution bring us closer to a best-in-class value proposition. Our participation in the high-end product categories of this market is broadening along with our ability to bring new technologies and components to our customer base. We expect to invest in several important new technology solutions during the year with the intent to broaden our appeal as an industryleading innovator. We also expect our strong competitive position in the medical, instrumentation and industrial sectors to be a catalyst for quality growth in fiscal 2010. We intend to consolidate our strength through aggressively pursuing our presence in existing relationships and relentlessly developing new relationships with leading companies. Our end-to-end value proposition encompasses product realization, high-quality production through our network of low-cost sites, driving down supply chain costs, managing complex global logistics and controlling the life cycle of each product effectively. We expect that computing & storage, networking, telecom, digital home & office and aftermarket services will also play important roles in our fiscal 2010 and beyond. We will provide customers with lower-cost supply chain architectures, employing sophisticated tools to weigh the variables of production cost, logistics and aftermarket services to better leverage our physical network into a seamless solution. Our product development resources, configure-to-order services and aftermarket services are expected to play a more important role in delivering a holistically improved solution to our customers. In our fiscal 2008 letter to shareholders, we indicated our intent to develop new business in the "Clean Tech" industry. We believe we are gaining momentum in this area and have established important new

Fiscal 2009 - Revenue by Sector
6% 12% 6% 3% 11% 4% 17% 19%

20%
n Aftermarket Services n Displays n Networking n Automotive n Instrumentation & Medical n Peripherals n Computing & Storage n Mobility n Telecommunications

10

relationships with leading companies focused on renewable energy, smart grid management and other commercial aspects of eco-friendly energy production and resource management. The secular trends in this field are favorable and "Clean Tech" could become a more meaningful part of our business in the years ahead. We believe our competitive position has improved during the year. We are now the largest EMS provider domiciled in America, and although size is not a primary objective, it does indicate our business model and attention to customer satisfaction is paying dividends. Our diverse end-market exposure should broaden our ability to benefit from post-recession industry growth. The intrinsic value of our business is significant and we believe our earnings power will be evident as revenue levels begin to grow again. We believe that our present financial returns are largely a reflection of the severity of the recession and not indicative of any fundamental company or industry issues. We intend to maintain a disciplined approach to growth in targeted market segments and we believe there are significant opportunities available to our company. Our financial performance objectives continue to focus on margin expansion, return on invested capital and free cash flow and we believe these objectives are both attainable and sustainable. Longer term, we believe the industry will continue to mature and coalesce around fewer leading companies that satisfy specific market needs. The industry is very large, with over $200 billion in total revenue, according to industry research firm IDC, leaving ample room for best-in-class companies in certain market categories.

With our low-cost, lean manufacturing operations, advanced supply chain capabilities, design resources, fulfillment and aftermarket service capabilities, we believe Jabil will continue to be a provider of choice for leading product companies in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Timothy L. Main Jabil makes products used by thousands of businesses and millions of consumers around the world. Jabil is a services company, however, and it is the collective quality and commitment of our people who represent the real value of our business. Our people are continuously improving quality, innovating new processes, developing our rich diversity of people and helping to make Jabil a socially and environmentally responsible citizen. You will find their images and some of their innovative approaches in the pages of this annual report. We applaud them and their tireless efforts to make Jabil a world class supplier, a better place to work, a more attractive investment and more valuable member of the communities in which we live.

William D. Morean Chairman

Timothy L. Main President and Chief Executive Officer

Jabil's best practices competition finalists presented their projects to Jabil's Board of Directors in October.

11

