DEAR EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS AND PARTNERS:
Fiscal 2010 was an outstanding year for Jabil. We began the fiscal year on a positive note, beating expectations in our first fiscal quarter. Throughout the year, we posted progressively positive results, closing in a superb way with a record fourth quarter and fiscal year for Jabil. We expect the positive performance trends established over the course of fiscal 2010 to continue into fiscal 2011, building on our strategic emphasis of differentiation in targeted high growth business areas. We closed fiscal 2010 with $13.4 billion in revenue, representing 15 percent year over year growth. Operating margins rebounded significantly from mid-fiscal 2009 levels. Initially the rebound was driven by operating leverage, but later in the year was increasingly powered by proactive improvements in our portfolio mix, lean manufacturing initiatives and scale. Operating margins and earnings increased over 2009 as did return on capital metrics. Assuming global economic trends remain stable, we expect fiscal 2011 to further demonstrate growth and margin expansion. Jabil will drive differentiation as a cornerstone of our business expansion. In order to provide greater focus internally and to help investors understand the strategic direction of our company, we will be reporting our business results in three distinct business areas:

OPERATING MARGINS RISING
 CORE
5.0% 4.0 % 3.0% 2.0% 1.0% 0.0%
FQ 30 9 FQ 40 9 FQ 11 0 FQ 21 0 FQ 31 0 FQ 41 0 FQ 11 1E

 GAAP

Jabil's rapid growth in Diversified Manufacturing Services and intense operational focus has driven steadily expanding operating margins.

1. Diversified Manufacturing Services is comprised of our business activities in the three distinct areas of industrial & clean technology,  healthcare & life sciences and Specialized Services, encompassing our Aftermarket Services and Jabil Green Point. 2. Enterprise & Infrastructure encompasses our networking, computing, storage, telecommunications and certain other products having highly  complex, large scale system requirements. 3. High Velocity Systems focuses on higher volume, lower mix production of products for customers in the printing, set-top box, automotive, displays  and mobility markets. We expect our growth and earnings engine will continue to shift to Diversified Manufacturing Services. These business areas afford us the greatest opportunity for genuine differentiation and also allow us to participate in powerful global trends. We are a market leader in the production of clean tech products and services and we expect policies around the world will continue to emphasize renewable energy and the more efficient distribution, management and storage of power. We expect our clean tech business to have revenue of approximately $1.4 billion in fiscal 2011, growing 40 percent over fiscal 2010. Jabil is actively engaged across a broad spectrum of product areas, from solar panels, to smart grid meters and wind turbines. We expect to continue to invest and aggressively grow these important areas of activity. We have a leading capability in the healthcare and life sciences field and believe that the trend to globalize production, reduce cost, service aging populations in the developed world and increasingly affluent young populations in emerging economies will drive excellent long-term growth. Jabil is in a position to be the provider of choice in this field as we offer a unique combination of capabilities, technology know-how and global presence. Recently Jabil worked with a leading healthcare equipment customer on the design and production of a portable ultrasound product. This project leveraged Jabil's know-how in consumer electronics, healthcare and our high quality, low-cost sites in emerging economies. Specialized Services provide capabilities and know-how to customers that are differentiated. Aftermarket Services has posted outstanding growth over the past three years and our market position continues to gain traction and sophistication around the world. Jabil Green Point has an unparalleled innovation and technology engine, combining materials and process knowhow to pioneer new ways of differentiating customer products in attractive packages. This portion of our business is enjoying outstanding growth as it participates in the global trend toward mobile internet and smartphone devices. We expect the contribution it makes to our business to increase and to broaden to other target markets, notably healthcare and life science. In fiscal 2011, Jabil Green Point should post outstanding growth as new customers, process technologies and areas of activity gain ground and market acceptance.

Timothy L. Main President and Chief Executive Officer

10

Customers in Enterprise & Infrastructure come to Jabil for our market-leading ability to provide wide ranging, globally-based capabilities necessary to service an increasingly complex world. Continuous investment in our IT infrastructure gives us a key advantage, and a single instance of SAP worldwide offers us a tremendous lead in the cadence and accuracy of critical demand-supply planning information and tool development. Our ability to rapidly deploy complex manufacturing and supply chain systems and manage them holistically at best-in-class quality levels is highly differentiated. We believe customers in this area want fully-scaled global players with high-integrity, sound financial health and advanced systems. The group of competitors that fit this description is small. We remain focused on building differentiation based upon global capabilities and cost for a select group of leading customers. Our High Velocity Systems customers benefit from globally competitive manufacturing services, value engineering, product completion services, fast decision making and execution. We offer a superior global footprint, access to emerging markets, a full range of product integration and localized supply chain services. We have unique and highly differentiated tools that can carefully analyze global logistics and changing economic parameters to choose the correct combination of sites and activities to yield our customers the lowest total cost. We are highly selective of the customers we do business with in this area and look for longterm relationships that are strategically grounded. As the company emphasizes differentiation and growth in targeted markets, we expect to achieve balanced growth with structurally improved earnings power at lower-risk levels. In Diversified Manufacturing Services, we believe the combination of our market position with global trends can support an annual growth rate of 20 to 30 percent. In Enterprise & Infrastructure and in High Velocity, we are more focused on servicing a select group of customers and our combined growth expectation for these areas range from 5 percent to 10 percent annually. Over the next few years, the growth differential should drive a portfolio more heavily weighted to Diversified Manufacturing Services and a structural increase in our earnings power. (See chart below) Jabil has been steadily diversifying markets, customers and earnings power, thereby reducing risk and driving a much more resilient and sustainable business. In fiscal 2010 the profit derived from Jabil's top ten customers was approximately 42 percent of Jabil's total profit, compared to nearly 71 percent in fiscal 2006. During this same time period, we worked to enter new markets and to expand the services we offer. This fundamental shift results in a broader business with a better balance between Diversified Manufacturing Services, Enterprise & Infrastructure and High Velocity Systems business areas. As our growth engine shifts to Diversified Manufacturing Services, we expect to enjoy a more resilient and sustainable business model. The rapidly rising cash flow generation of our business supports a lower risk profile for customers, suppliers and investors. During the month of October 2010, Jabil secured $400 million in ten year notes on favorable terms. We believe our balance sheet metrics, cash flow and EBITDA levels provide a firm foundation for further growth and for favorable reviews from rating agencies and capital providers. We will continue to manage the business in what we believe is a fiscally conservative way so that all stakeholders in Jabil's success have complete confidence in our stability and longevity. Operationally, we believe the company is executing like never before. This year, all of our factory managers were required to become Six Sigma, Black Belt certified. Lean manufacturing principles have been thoroughly adopted throughout the company, contributing significantly to our competitiveness in the marketplace. We have continuously improved our talent pool and are achieving levels of excellence in a more uniform and consistent way. Jabil's key factor to success is best-in-class operational performance and we work relentlessly toward that objective every day. Jabil is a services business, reliant on the collective quality and commitment of its people. The company has continued to invest in human development infrastructure to attract, train, challenge, and retain the very best people. We are always heartened by the readiness with which our people embrace challenge and drive for the ultimate in performance and customer service. As Jabil has grown and gained scale, we remain mindful of retaining the values that make our company strong and yet willingly and proactively change in ways that make us better. To all stakeholders in Jabil, we thank you for your support and we commit to work tirelessly to create a better Jabil in the future.

Long-Term Business Diversity
High Velocity Systems Diversified Manufacturing Services

William D. Morean Chairman

Enterprise & Infrastructure Jabil's Diversified Manufacturing Services business grew 26 percent in fiscal 2010. Jabil's goal is to continue to grow at similar levels, driving attractive business diversity in future years.

11

