Dear
Shareholders,
Employees and
Partners:
A team’s commitment, dedication, and fortitude are tested when times are challenging and situational business conditions necessitate change. This illustrates the environment we experienced during fiscal 2014. And,
I couldn’t be more pleased with how our Jabil team of 150,000 employees executed against this backdrop.
During fiscal 2014, Jabil delivered
revenues of $15.8 billion. Under ordinary circumstances this would be a disappointing year for Jabil, as revenue and income declined year-on-year. But, the year was
far from ordinary, as fiscal 2014 presented unanticipated challenges, combined with tremendous accomplishments.
Let’s reflect on our unanticipated challenges.
During the year, we made a disciplined decision to exit our relationship with BlackBerry. While painful in the short term, we believe it was the correct decision, both for Jabil and for BlackBerry. Our team did a tremendous job of taking great care of the customer while thoughtfully navigating the disengagement.
The second unanticipated event that occurred during the fiscal year was related to significant changes in forecasted demand within our Green Point business. There is no doubt that the impact to the fiscal year was severe, but thankfully
it was temporary. With speed and complete success, the team repositioned manufacturing assets and resources to
support new, high growth revenue streams which I believe will be realized during fiscal year 2015.
Not only did we lose the revenue and associated income with these challenges, but overhead and fixed cost absorption were highly deleveraged as well. In addition, we chose to preserve capability and capacity given the strong mid-to-longer term outlook for the business. The result was heavily muted financial results for the year.
Let’s now reflect on our accomplishments during fiscal 2014.
Jabil completed our first significant divestiture, by selling our Aftermarket Services (AMS) division to iQor, a premier business process services company. We captured exceptional value for our shareholders and I believe iQor will prove to be an excellent owner of this business for both employees and customers.
The company returned approximately $330 million of capital to shareholders via share buybacks and dividends.
  Fiscal 2014 Revenue by Segment
$15.8B
67% ELECTRONICS MANUFACTURING
Jabil reports its business in two segments. Diversified Manufacturing includes Jabil’s Green Point and Nypro brands. Electronics Manufacturing includes Enterprise & Infrastructure, Industrial & Energy and High Velocity.
Our Nypro leadership team continued their foundational integration, all while preserving business continuity, assuring excellent product quality, and offering exceptional customer care. The strong cultural alignment between Nypro and Jabil has proven to be a critical attribute as the team works to establish a first-class healthcare and packaging franchise. Simply put, we’re realizing that one plus one equals something much greater than two, specific to this wonderful acquisition.
Our Green Point leadership team successfully delivered world-class product development and complex engineering solutions, despite a temporary decline in revenue during the year. Green Point’s success is further supported with an organization that has earned customer trust by assuring top-notch security, all while maintaining a
firm commitment to process optimization and product quality. The team also began ramping our campus in Chengdu, China in anticipation of future growth. We believe this campus will play a major role in the coming years as we launch revenue streams which efficiently incorporate complex engineering, automated molding, precision mechanics
DIVERSIFIED 33% MANUFACTURING
       
  fabrication, and product assembly and test. Our Green Point brand continues to be a dominant player across the mobility, wearables, and consumer lifestyle markets.
We collated our Industrial & Energy, High Velocity, and Enterprise & Infrastructure businesses into a first-rate Electronics Manufacturing Services, or EMS, segment. A holistic, go-to- market approach, largely centered on core electronics, provides Jabil with an outstanding value proposition in serving a broad
This environment mandates: the need for greater global reach; tremendous acceleration of concept-to-market; resilience to supply chain disruptions; completely differentiated product innovation; and the ability to change course with unbelievable speed and seamless agility.
Jabil is well positioned to serve these needs. We are most fortunate to have the unique combination of scale, capabilities, experience and geographic diversification. While core electronics
 range of conventional end markets. Our EMS leadership team continues to demonstrate a unique ability to harvest innovation and technology, developed and learned from one industry,
and creatively apply it to another. As complexity increases at a parabolic rate, design cycles become more and more truncated, and products are introduced into ever-changing markets, Jabil’s EMS team is superbly positioned with massive scale and time tested supply chain solutions. The team’s momentum is humbly illustrated by the addition of thirty new customer relationships added during the year and the multitude of Supplier-of-the-Year awards we graciously received.
We continued to aggressively invest in advancing our capabilities through excellent talent and technologies that I believe differentiate us in the marketplace. Examples include: Advanced planning and supply chain optimization tools, which combine proprietary business intelligence with big data; Continued acceleration and implementation of complex automation and robotics; Expansion of our innovative design services; Enhancing the consumer experience by improving the product interface with progressive packaging and industrial designs; Modifications made to our ubiquitous SAP platform, combined with virtualization of our IT backbone, resulting in better security, higher flexibility, and faster information flow across our Jabil network. These limited examples reflect the type of outstanding work taking place within our capabilities group.
And, finally, I’m so proud of our Net Promoter Scores. As we closed out the fiscal year, we found our scores at an all-time high. At Jabil, we pride ourselves on exceptional customer care and believe there is a direct correlation between our positive Net Promoter Scores and our ability to gain market share.
Looking ahead to fiscal year 2015 and beyond.
Imaintainahighdegreeofconfidenceinourpathforward. We’ve constructedasolidfoundationfromwhichtobuildupon. Macro- conditions are moving in our favor, as we observe highly disruptive product innovation, exponential rates of change, and an infinite number of applied technologies cascading into the marketplace.
remain at the heart of a large percentage of what we do, we’re discovering new and exciting markets. Markets I never envisioned, even just five years ago, will help transform our company and bring increasing value to customers and shareholders alike.
As we enter fiscal 2015, we continue to make substantial investments in exploring new, non-traditional “swim lanes” of revenue; recruiting progressive, talented leaders; and taking on state-of-the-art large scale development projects.
Thank you for your support of Jabil and for the confidence you’ve placed in me. I remain humbled while leading and serving the best TEAM a CEO could ask for, one that works tirelessly to make Jabil’s vision a reality.
Yours Truly,
Mark T. Mondello,
Chief Executive Officer
       