Looking

AH E A D

As unsettling as recent times have been, the rationale for outsourcing has never been greater. We expect to see continued adoption of outsourcing as a superior alternative to vertical integration and we expect continued penetration of established as well as emerging industry sectors. In order to capitalize on this trend, we will focus on a few core objectives to reduce risk and deliver superior financial returns in fiscal 2003. First, we will focus on performance and execution. Our product is consistently exceptional execution. The most powerful way we reduce risk and afford ourselves the widest avenues for growth is outstanding performance and execution in the day-to-day business. The merits of prescient vision and a well articulated strategy are lost on a dissatisfied customer.We will continue to invest in advanced supply chain management tools, to seek out the best suppliers, to reduce lead-time and to be more flexible. We will invest in the training of our people through Jabil University and web-based communication and training tools. We will obsess on a common corporate culture and value set. We will execute, execute, execute. Second, we will continue the resumption of our growth in spite of weak end-market demand. We are penetrating new sectors and new customers, and are re s t ru c t u ring our global footprint to market realities. These actions will contribute to an expansion of revenue and earnings in fiscal 2003.

We will be intensely focused on improving our operating margins and will carefully manage our balance sheet to protect our financial health and shareholder value. Finally, we will continue to diversify as we penetrate new industry sectors and expand our services and capabilities across a global market.We will design, assemble, system integrate, deliver and service more products, for more customers, in more markets than ever before. We would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our employees for their selfless efforts during the year. None more so than Ron Rapp, Chief Operating Officer, who retired in November after 19 years of distinguished service to Jabil. Mark Mondello has assumed the role of Chief Operating Officer. We are grateful to have such a qualified person from within the company to succeed Ron. In brief, Jabil's risk profile has been reduced, our opportunities for g rowth have expanded and we approach the market in fiscal 2003 from a position of strength and a well-founded expectation for growth.

Sincerely,

William D. Morean,Chairman

Timothy L.Main,President & CEO

13

