EM PL OY E E S, S HAR E HOL DERS A ND PA RTNERS
Fiscal 2007 was a year of great challenge, change and growth for our company. We were confronted with a number of challenges and responded with changes we believe place us on a solid footing for the future. Although fiscal 2007 revenues increased 20 percent to $12.3 billion, our financial performance did not live up to our expectations. The EMS division experienced surging demand and increased revenues of 31 percent for the year, led by the computing, storage, networking, industrial, instrumentation and medical sectors. We also enjoyed exceptionally strong revenue growth of 42 percent from our Aftermarket Services division. In contrast, the Consumer division experienced revenue growth of less than 5 percent. Within the Consumer division, mobility was our weakest area as revenues declined 10 percent. In fiscal 2008, we will be focusing on consistent growth across all of our industry sectors. Operating margins were lower than anticipated in fiscal 2007, particularly in the first half of the year. In the EMS division, we rapidly expanded our order fulfillment business and this caused our revenue stream to become more material cost intensive. Consumer sector margins were pressured by a large number of new display product launches, lower revenue in mobility and a more challenging pricing environment in some product and service areas.
Timothy L. Main

effective in September 2007 and we will begin reporting under the new approach in fiscal 2008. For comparative purposes, had this structure been in place in fiscal 2007, the EMS, Consumer and Aftermarket Services divisions would have reported revenue of $7.6 billion, $4.1 billion and $593 million, respectively. The new organizational structure will facilitate greater focus on targeted sectors and will bring clearer accountability for performance to customers and ultimately shareholders. We have changed our approach to the consumer electronics market. We now address this consumer market in three distinct areas: mobility, display solutions and peripherals. In mobility, we added critical technology and capability with the acquisition of Taiwan Green Point, a world leader in mobile product casings. In addition to having vertically integrated control of critical casing technology, the acquisition broadens our exposure to customers in this high growth sector. We expect mobility to be a core engine of our future growth and we believe we offer a truly distinct combination of technology, manufacturing excellence, organizational stability and corporate responsibility. During the year, we exited certain display and other consumer products areas because returns had fallen below acceptable targets. Even so, the display and peripherals areas enjoyed growth in fiscal 2007 and have meaningful growth opportunities in fiscal 2008. Expansion of our customer base in the display area is particularly notable as we added several blue chip Japanese customers. The peripherals area enjoyed healthy growth and is well positioned for the future. As we enter fiscal 2008, the Consumer division will be focusing on improving returns through tighter product development cycles, improving productivity at a factory level and leveraging operating expenses as revenues expand.

We have and will continue to make changes to improve Jabil's financial performance. Organizationally, we now face the market through three divisions: EMS, Consumer and Aftermarket Services. This new organizational structure became

8

The EMS division will be working diligently to expand returns and cash flow throughout fiscal 2008. Completing the rationalization of our plants and overhead in higher cost geographies will reduce cost and complexity. Improving productivity and efficient use of capital employed will also be a major emphasis. Deeper penetration of emerging sectors and market share expansion in more mature sectors will fuel growth for 2008 and beyond. The changes implemented resulted in significantly better financial performance in the second half of fiscal 2007. Cash flow from operations was $436 million in the second half of fiscal 2007 resulting in strong free cash flow. On a year over year basis, operating income was significantly higher in the fiscal fourth quarter. Inventory levels and our cash cycle improved, leading to stronger return on invested capital. In fiscal 2008, we will continue to focus on a step by step improvement of our margins, return on invested capital and free cash flow. During the year we established a new site in Vietnam and expanded sites in the Ukraine, Poland and India. We believe we have the most diversified and highly capable global footprint in the industry today. Integrating sites in the Americas, Europe and Asia into a coherently architected supply chain tailored to each customer's set of unique requirements is a distinct competitive advantage and differentiator for our company. Jabil continues to grow and in order to support our growth we must continue to develop our people and talent.We are only as good as the people we employ. Bill Peters, formerly our President of the America's, has taken the position of Senior Vice President of Human Development. Devoting an executive with Bill's experience and understanding of our business to the human development role underscores our commitment to attract, retain and motivate the best people in the industry.

With the changing environment and consolidation of manufacturing into lower cost geographies, we have seen a number of long term employees conclude their Jabil William D. Morean careers.We recognize and value the contribution these people made in building a strong foundation for our company. I would like to personally recognize Scott Brown and Wesley (Butch) Edwards. Scott and Butch began their careers with Jabil in the 1980's, became officer level leaders and helped to build an enduring company through many years of challenge of change. Scott and Butch elected to retire this year; we wish them well and thank them for their many years of service to Jabil. The competitive landscape is changing and we expect to see additional consolidation as weaker players exit the business. In contrast, we believe Jabil's tightly integrated footprint, combined with our strong financial position, stable approach to the business and fundamental execution will continue to satisfy customers as the industry experiences significant change. Jabil is one of just 14 Fortune 500 companies that have posted a ten year compound annual growth rate in revenue and operating income of 25 percent. Although we are in a period of great change, we are confident in our ability to continue on this path in the years to come. The continued support of our people, customers and shareholders is appreciated as we change for the better and look forward to a prosperous future.

Timothy L. Main President and Chief Executive Officer

William D. Morean Chairman

9

