Dear Fellow Shareholders, To celebrate the tenth anniversary of our first flight, I visited every JetBlue location in 2010, meeting thousands of crewmembers, customers and investors. It was a year marked by significant change, not only in our industry, but within JetBlue. I came away from my travels with a new appreciation for the investment you have made in our company, a renewed sense of purpose to do my best to protect your investment, and a sincere admiration for the people who deliver the JetBlue Experience every day. The airline industry is not for the faint of heart, but I can't imagine any business more exciting, rewarding and vital to our national and global economy. Within this space, JetBlue has sought to carve out a niche as a contrarian airline, the "un-airline," focused on delivering investor returns by building customer loyalty through a unique product and brand, the foundation of which is attracting and retaining outstanding crewmembers. We have sought to reinvent the traditional airline customer service model, to prove that it can be done the right way and done well. We ended our first decade similar to the way we began ­ succeeding in the midst of turmoil, optimistic despite the volatility in the cost of energy and the changing competitive environment, confident that we will be able to generate positive returns for our shareholders over the long run, be the carrier of choice for our customers and a great place to work for our crewmembers. JetBlue is the only post-deregulation airline to fly into a second decade under its own brand, without having to restructure or grow through merger and/or acquisition. Our organic growth strategy, with operational anchors in New York, Boston, and the Caribbean, paired with our "open architecture" model for airline partnerships, sets the stage for what we believe we can achieve in our second decade: To Become the Americas' Favorite Airline by bringing humanity back to air travel. We generated net income of $97 million in 2010. Had it not been for a severe winter storm in the Northeast during the holiday peak in December, one of our most profitable years would have been even more successful. Despite the $30 million in lost revenue due to the storm, the rising cost of energy and industry consolidation resulting in larger competitors, JetBlue achieved solid results. In addition, we ended the year with a healthy balance of approximately $1 billion in cash and investment securities and generated more than $200 million in positive free cash flow, reflecting our commitment to sustainable growth and building long-term value. 2010: A "Building" Year We approached 2010 with a plan to refresh our business model to meet the changing demands of the market place and to capture new revenue opportunities. We continued to take a measured approach to our capital spending by making sound value-adding investments that we believe will position JetBlue well for the long-term. To that end, we entered the year with strategic goals that outlined key initiatives in four areas: Keep Our Edge: Invest in tools that will power our business, and make the direct relationship we enjoy with all crewmembers a true competitive advantage. Build a Low Cost Culture: Maximize asset utilization, invest capital where there is an immediate and sustainable return and run an efficient operation.

Deliver and Refresh the JetBlue Experience: Grow JetBlue's reputation for service and continually refresh the products and experiences for our customers which will attract new customers and earn their loyalty. Grow our Network and Offerings: Expand our menu of destinations to places high value customers want to go, and be their one-stop shop for hotels, car rentals, cruises and other travel-related services. Our year began with the transition to Sabre, a new customer service and reservations system. Reservation system changes in our industry have been described as changing the engine of a race car while in the fourth turn. Most airlines accept the fact that there will be significant operational disruption, marked by customer disservice and frustration among crewmembers. In keeping with our contrarian nature, JetBlue chose to make investments up front to ensure the transition would be as seamless as possible for customers and crewmembers. We put extensive plans in place to support the cutover, including a back-up call center, capped flight loads and reduced flight schedule over the cutover period. As a result of these and other investments, we successfully transitioned to the new system with minimal disruption. We believe Sabre provides the technology platform needed to support our future growth, and our investment started paying dividends almost immediately. We have seen more transactions through the global distribution channels resulting in higher yielding traffic. Sabre has also given us the opportunity to capitalize on other revenue enhancing opportunities, such as variable pricing for our Even More Legroom product, capability to partner with international carriers, additional web site functionality and a more dynamic revenue management system. Even before the dust settled on the Sabre transition, we celebrated our sixth consecutive J.D. Power and Associates award. To remain focused on our achievement, we engaged more than 1,000 crewmembers in an initiative called Culture is Service. We asked frontline crewmembers what we should be doing differently to maintain our leadership position in customer service, and how we can better earn customer loyalty. Feedback from our service experts on the frontline was stunning in both its impact and simplicity, including, for example, offering early boarding to our Even More Legroom customers. This in turn, helps us attract more high-value customers. We anticipate that Culture is Service will continue into our second decade as a way for our business to identify and move quickly on opportunities to better serve our customers so we continue to earn their business. One example of moving quickly in response to market demands was our introduction of shelfstable food for purchase onboard, in a program we call "Eat Up." We inaugurated buy onboard in a handful of markets in June and customers literally ate it up. By October, we had expanded the program to all flights longer than 2 hours 45 minutes, and customer response has been overwhelmingly positive. In 2010, we also laid the groundwork for a connectivity solution at altitude, partnering with ViaSat, a leader in satellite technologies, and our wholly owned subsidiary LiveTV. We believe the industry's current connectivity solutions are unable to scale with the growing dependence on and demand for bandwidth. Through our partnership, a Ka-band satellite will be launched to provide connectivity at today's speed with potential to scale with consumer behavior. LiveTV is positioned to be the official provider of installation and maintenance services for JetBlue and other airline customers. Enhancing our product in 2010 was a major component of our focus on brand extension. We launched a new advertising campaign, You Above All, featuring the core differentiating elements of the JetBlue Experience: free first checked bag, unlimited name-brand snacks, nonstop service, 36 channels of free DirecTV programming, a selection of first-run movies and exceptional customer service. Customers want a desirable network as well, so we focused our investments in 2010 on building up Boston, the Caribbean, and maintaining our leadership position in New York. Our Caribbean destinations generally require minimal up-front capital and, despite limited daily operations, are relatively low cost and consistent with our free cash flow goals. In addition, these markets tend to

mature quickly from a profitability perspective. We plan to continue to leverage our strong presence in the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico. Currently, we fly a total of 25 daily departures out of three Puerto Rican cities and 19 departures out of four Dominican Republic cities. We added service to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic in May of 2010 and added additional frequencies out of Puerto Rico. Approximately one-fourth of our capacity is now allocated to the Caribbean and Latin America and we expect to continue to expand to additional destinations this year. We also made significant investment in our real estate footprint in 2010. These investments are necessary to support our continued growth as well as enhance the ground aspect of the JetBlue experience. To that end, we: Secured the lease to Terminal 6 at JFK in New York. We may be interested in potentially building our own Federal Inspection Station, to make international-to-domestic transitions seamless. This should help facilitate more international partnerships with JetBlue. In Boston, where we achieved the milestone of 100 daily departures in 2011, Massport has started construction on a project to combine the security check points behind our ticket counter, to ease customer flow. Ground was broken for a new terminal in Long Beach, CA, our West Coast anchor city. Earlier in 2010, construction on the new parking structure commenced, making the Long Beach airport more attractive to surrounding communities. We combined operations to a single terminal in Orlando, making international connections there seamless, a vast improvement over prior years and one that our customers welcomed. We expect our footprint in these key regions to continue to grow based on demand for the JetBlue Experience within the Americas, supported by our other airline partnerships. We now have agreements with Aer Lingus, American Airlines, Cape Air, EL AL, Emirates, LAN, Lufthansa, South African and Virgin Atlantic. Each partnership increases revenue and introduces new customers to JetBlue without significantly increasing our costs. One of the ways we are trying to improve revenue performance is through attracting more customers who fly for business purposes. In 2010, we acquired coveted slots at Washington's Reagan National Airport and opened six new destinations from Boston. We have also enhanced our product offering for business travelers through a revamped True Blue program and refundable fares. We intend to attract more high value customers by offering new ancillary options such as expedited security. Cost Focus JetBlue's focus on providing differentiated customer service at a competitive fare, with options to upgrade the inflight experience, is a key aspect of our business strategy. The foundation of our strategy depends on having a low cost structure in order to have the ability to offer low fares. In 2010, we continued to maintain one of the lowest cost structures in the industry due in large part to a lean, productive and flexible workforce as well as a young, fuel-efficient fleet. Our largest stand-alone cost continues to be fuel, which currently comprises more than one-third of our total operating expenses. We believe we are well positioned in an environment of rising fuel prices with a young, fuel-efficient fleet. In addition, we continue to actively manage our fuel hedge portfolio to mitigate price volatility, and we use a range of fuel conservation procedures to minimize fuel consumption. Additionally, the rising cost of energy helps maintain industry capacity discipline providing JetBlue strategic growth opportunities. JetBlue ended the year with 161 aircraft. In 2010, we continued to work with our aircraft manufacturers to rationalize our capital expenditures, a critical component of maintaining positive free cash flow. In 2010, we announced the deferral of 16 EMBRAER 190 aircraft and 16 A320 aircraft. These actions substantially reduced our aircraft commitments in the near term, smoothed out our future debt and pre-delivery deposit requirements and better matched our order book with our network demands.

Our greatest cost advantage, however remains our unique direct relationship among our crewmembers. The benefit of working directly with crewmembers can best be seen in our flexibility to market demands, such as our cabin reconfiguration to introduce our Even More Legroom product, which was conceived and completed within two months. A Look Ahead With oil on the rise and uncertainty in the global markets, I believe JetBlue's contrarian model uniquely positions us to succeed. Industry consolidation will likely continue in 2011 and while JetBlue is committed to organic growth, we believe we are well positioned to benefit from others' actions, as airline mergers remove excess capacity and rationalize pricing. JetBlue will remain focused on striving to create long-term shareholder value. We intend to continue taking a disciplined approach to costs and capital expenditures while maximizing revenue, nurturing our brand and preserving a direct, productive relationship with our crewmembers. On behalf of the 13,000 dedicated crewmembers who deliver the JetBlue Experience one customer at a time and, one flight at a time, we thank you for your continued support. Most Sincerely,

Dave Barger President & Chief Executive Officer

