20APR200409520546
Dear Fellow Stockholders: What a difference five years makes. On February 11, 2005, JetBlue Airways celebrated its five-year anniversary. As we reflect on this occasion, we have much to celebrate and even more to look forward to. Thanks to the dedicated efforts of our outstanding crewmembers, 2004 was another very solid year for us; our fourth straight year of profitability. We closed the year having reported sixteen consecutive quarters of profitable results. In 2004, five airlines, representing 24% of industry capacity, were operating under bankruptcy protection. Collectively, U.S.-based airlines lost $5.2 billion for the year. Considering this, together with the escalating cost of fuel and the weak revenue environment that permeated the industry, our success in running a profitable airline was no small feat. As we move through 2005, we are confident that our business plan is strong and believe we are capable of continuing to deliver on the goal we set out with five long years ago: delivering profits for our stockholders and crewmembers while offering an excellent experience for our customers. A key part of JetBlue's success is our devotion to keeping the brand fresh and, based on customer feedback, the continual improvement of our industry-leading product. Consistent with our original goals, our service continues to focus on taking the hassle out of air travel by offering customers what they want, and nothing they don't. Customers today enjoy low, easy-to-understand fares, convenient flights, and pre-assigned leather seats with up to 34 inches of seat pitch. Additionally, we now offer up to 36 channels of free DIRECTV programming as well as Fox Premium Entertainment movies for a nominal fee. Later this year we will provide up to 100 channels of XM Satellite Radio and wider screens for viewing. Most importantly, friendly, courteous and compassionate service will continue to be our trademark. The caring service provided by our crewmembers has clearly resonated among the traveling public: in 2004, JetBlue achieved the highest load factor of any major U.S. carrier with 83.2% and accommodated close to 12 million customers. Our loyalty program, True Blue, also continues to grow nicely; we now have over 2.2 million participants. JetBlue is now part of the American Express Membership Rewards program. Soon we plan to announce a strategic partnership to offer a JetBlue affinity credit card and we intend to make available all-inclusive travel packages later this year with air travel, car rentals and hotels offered via our website. Another critical component of our success is our operational integrity. In 2004, JetBlue achieved industry-leading operating metrics as measured by the Department of Transportation, or DOT. In the five reportable categories, our airline placed first in four categories and third in the fifth, when compared to other major U.S. airlines. We achieved a 99.4% completion factor, or operation of scheduled flights, ranking in first place despite the impact of several hurricanes in August and September. In fact, our team achieved the highest technical reliability of A320 aircraft operators world-wide. We placed first in on-time performance, with an 81.6% performance despite our concentration in the congested air traffic corridors in and near New York. We had the fewest number of baggage mishandlings, 2.99 per 1,000 customers boarded, and we endeavor to deliver all inbound baggage to the carousel within 20 minutes of flight arrival. As our policy is to not oversell flights, we easily led the industry with the fewest oversales. Finally, we placed third in complaints to the DOT with 0.27 reports per 100,000 customers boarded. This equates to one complaint per 400,000 customers in our system. While we know that strong operating performance is essential to running a good airline, we continue to emphasize the importance of managing the customers' experience instead of simply managing a metric. Of course, our number one priority will always be safety and to this end, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) continues to be an invaluable business partner.

The strength of our product and operation is reflected in the numerous awards we have received. Once again, we received the #1 Airline Quality Award in 2004 as calibrated by the University of Nebraska and Wichita State University. This is the second straight year that JetBlue has been awarded this distinction. In addition, for the third year in a row, JetBlue attained industry recognition by being named ``Best Domestic Airline'' by the readers of Cond´ e Nast Traveler. While it's nice to receive industry accolades, we know that we're only as good as our last arrival. To that end, we greatly value and depend on the feedback we receive from our customers. We survey 600 customers daily via email to learn not only what they liked about their recent experience on JetBlue but, more importantly, what they think could use improvement. Customer feedback, the good and the bad, is critical to accomplishing our goal of ``getting better as we get bigger'. We know we're not perfect, but we will always aspire to learn from every situation and improve. In 2004, JetBlue was named a major airline by the DOT which we believe we accomplished faster than any other airline in the history of aviation. For the full year 2004, JetBlue achieved net income of $47.5 million which resulted in an 8.9% operating margin, the highest of any major airline, excluding regional airlines. Consistent with our plan to run a low-cost operation, we achieved a cost per available seat mile (CASM) of 6.10 cents in 2004. The key to our low costs is the productivity and efficiency of our operations. This productivity allows us to remain low-cost while offering attractive and competitive wages to our crewmembers. In fact, our expenses included over $13 million paid into our profit-sharing retirement plan which, in 2004, equated to over five percent of our crewmembers' wages. We remain committed to sharing the company's financial successes with those who make it possible, our crewmembers. Our current expectation is for CASM to increase slightly in 2005, due primarily to the escalating cost of fuel and the fact that we have roughly 20% of our projected fuel consumption hedged in 2005 versus 42% in 2004. We remain focused on opportunities to add to our fuel hedge position. Mitigating these cost pressures somewhat, we anticipate some additional economies of scale to benefit our organization as we get larger and grow into some of our investments. Additionally, we will continue to focus on ways to improve our efficiency and to better utilize technologies to enhance service and further reduce costs. Since commencing service between our home-base of operations at New York's John F. Kennedy Airport with flights to Buffalo, New York and Fort Lauderdale, Florida, JetBlue has expanded to a total of 29 exciting destinations, including both JFK and LaGuardia Airport in New York. During 2004, we celebrated the launch of our first international service to the Dominican Republic. In the next few months, we are scheduled to open another two locations with nonstop service between JFK and Burbank, California and Portland, Oregon, with another new city or two possible before the end of this year. We currently serve these cities with a fleet of 73 Airbus A320 aircraft and have plans to accept delivery of another 11 A320s this year. In October 2005, our airline will be the world-wide launch customer for the Embraer E190AR aircraft. Our plan calls for the delivery of seven E190s this year. This second aircraft type offers great synergy with the A320 and will permit us to service many mid-sized markets, offer additional frequency in current markets and help balance the seasonality across our network. With a range of 2,000 miles, including the ability to offer over-water flights to the Caribbean and Mexico, the E190 provides us with tremendous flexibility. The new aircraft will be configured at 100 seats, offering an extremely comfortable customer experience, with two-by-two seating in a spacious cabin, leather seats and an in-flight entertainment system identical to our A320s. The critical addition of the E190 to our fleet will provide an avenue in which to stimulate air travel in markets that are not served by true low-fare airlines. As such, we believe our revenue per available seat mile (RASM) will be higher on the E190 than on the A320. In addition, we believe we'll be able to attain superb utilization on the E190 fleet of close to 11 hours per day. This will complement the best-in-class 13.4 hours per day of utilization that we achieved in 2004 across our A320 fleet. As the major airline that truly flies the newest jet fleet, in contrast to others who merely claim to, we'll continue to pioneer new markets that previously lacked high-quality, low-cost air service.

We expect our fleet to grow to a total of 433 aircraft over the next eleven years; which will include 233 A320s and 200 E190s. As we prepare to take delivery of our E190s, we remain focused on controlled growth and `keeping our airline feeling small' as we ready ourselves for the receipt of a new aircraft approximately every 10 days, a rate of growth that will continue for the foreseeable future. To support this rate of growth, we've been hard at work on a variety of infrastructure projects. The extensive efforts of many will culminate later this year in the opening of a new hangar at JFK to maintain our fleet, a hangar in Orlando to install and maintain satellite TV and radio, and the JetBlue University training center, also in Orlando. The training center will become our center of excellence to train pilots, flight attendants, technicians and many of our customer service crewmembers. We continue to work aggressively on another important cornerstone of our future: our new terminal at JFK. We expect to sign a lease in the next several weeks with our partners at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, or PANYNJ, to commence the building of a new Terminal 5, adjacent to our current home at Terminal 6. While we continue to focus on function over form as a low-cost, low-fare airline, our experienced team is working hard to ensure that the latest in security enhancements, and the amenities and functions that today's traveling public expects of a modern airport terminal are all in place when we inaugurate our new home in 2008. The new terminal will be built on 74 acres of land and plans call for a total of 26 gates versus our existing 14 gates. This 600,000 square foot facility will incorporate the most modern architectural attributes to facilitate efficient airside and landside operations, including significant upgrades to roadways, parking, and a connector to the JFK AirTrain. Despite these improvements, the new Terminal 5 will respect the historic significance of the Aero Saarinen-designed building that is in place today, celebrating the history and spirit of our industry. The total project is expected to cost $875 million and will be financed by the PANYNJ. We are proud to call New York our home. We're now the largest airline operating at JFK, which itself is the busiest of the three PANYNJ airports--JFK, LaGuardia and Newark--based on enplanements. Traffic in New York City airports is now back at levels last seen prior to the events of September 11th. We are profoundly grateful for the support and loyalty that our customers in New York have shown their hometown airline. As a rapidly growing company in a capital intensive industry, we recognize the importance of a strong balance sheet and are committed to a prudent approach to debt management. Consistent with this philosophy, we maintain one of the most attractive debt-to-total-capital ratios of any major U.S. airline, and believe we have more cash and short-term investments per operating aircraft than any other major U.S. airline. As one of the few airlines with access to capital at attractive terms, we recently seized on the opportunity to improve our balance sheet through the issuance of convertible notes, which raised a total of $243 million. We currently have $650 million available in cash and short-term investments, which gives us the flexibility to move quickly to take advantage of any opportunities that may arise. Additionally, our solid financial performance permitted us to tap the capital markets last year for more than $900 million of aircraft financing at desirable rates. All of our 2005 aircraft are financed, and the first thirty E190 deliveries have also been financed with our business partner, GE Capital. Of course, we know that the most important ingredient in our growth plan and the key to delivering ``The JetBlue Experience'' is our crewmembers. As we focus on growth and keeping the intimate feel of a small company, we've built a recruitment plan to support the hiring and training of eight crewmembers per day. We've spent the past year preparing for this important inflection point to ensure that we are as successful in recruiting the best crewmembers as we are in competing for customers. Last year, we received over 120,000 applications to work at JetBlue yet we hired just 2,700. We believe it is incredibly important that JetBlue be known as a company of choice for our crewmembers. As in previous years, our roadmap for 2005 is our Flight Plan, where all internal goals are based on the 3Ps--People, Performance and Prosperity. We are committed to keeping our crewmembers informed and abreast of expectations and goals for the year. Setting and managing expectations is important, but so too is driving accountability among leadership while respecting the company's values:

safety, caring, integrity, fun and passion. To this end, our Principles of Leadership class, or POL, a five day leadership development curriculum, remains crucial to the successful growth of our airline. More than 1,000 leaders across JetBlue have attended POL to learn the five tenets: inspire greatness in others, communicate with your team, do the right thing, treat your people right, and encourage initiative and innovation. With everyone on the same page and accountable for the same things, we believe our vital culture will continue to scale with the organization. As we look to the future, our commitment to you, our stockholders, is to focus our efforts on building and improving JetBlue for the long-term. We understand that it is important to recognize the hard lessons that have been learned by many in our industry while being smart enough to not repeat those lessons. Our service has been very well received over the first five years; however, we know we must continue to deliver safe and secure air transportation on every flight, compete hard for every customer, keep our industry-leading product fresh and continue to offer a workplace for our crewmembers that is second-to-none. On behalf of our nearly 8,000 dedicated crewmembers, thank you very much for your continued support of JetBlue. Most sincerely,

7MAR200410062428
David Neeleman--Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

7MAR200410062360
Dave Barger--President and Chief Operating Officer

