Dear Fellow Shareholders, Despite a very challenging environment, 2009 was a successful year for JetBlue as we reported four consecutive quarters of profitability ­ one of only a few U.S. airlines to do so. We generated net income of $58 million and an operating margin of 8.5% ­ an improvement of more than $140 million compared to 2008. We ended the year with over $1 billion in cash and short term investments ­ one of the strongest liquidity positions in the U.S. airline industry relative to our revenues. Additionally, JetBlue generated positive free cash flow for the first time in our history. These results demonstrate the benefits of our disciplined growth strategy, driving our highest net income since 2003. We remain committed to striving to build long term shareholder value through sustainable growth and positive free cash flow. This commitment drives our focus on managing capital expenditures, rationalizing capacity, maximizing revenue and controlling costs while preserving and expanding our unique brand and culture. The JetBlue Brand and Culture We celebrated the 10th anniversary of our first flight on February 11, 2010 ­ a significant accomplishment given that few airlines since airline deregulation in 1978 have been able to reach their ten year mark as healthy, stand-alone enterprises. We continue to be recognized for exceptional customer service. For the fifth year in a row, JetBlue achieved the number one customer service ranking among low cost carriers by J.D. Power and Associates. This coveted award, along with many others received in 2009, serves as a testament to our 12,000 crewmembers and the strength of our brand. During 2009, we continued to enhance our customers' travel experience. We refreshed our food and beverage selections onboard our aircraft, offering more complimentary snack options. We also began offering free firstrun movies in-flight to customers traveling outside of the continental U.S. We believe our cabin experience, which includes more legroom than any other domestic airline's coach product and free DIRECTV and Sirius XM Radio installed by our LiveTV subsidiary, to be the best in the industry. JetBlue's customers and crewmembers enjoyed the first full year in our new Terminal 5 facility at JFK Airport, our home base of operations. Terminal 5 provides a world-class airport experience that matches our award-winning experience in the air. We are the largest domestic carrier at JFK, which coupled with our service to LaGuardia, Newark, Stewart/Newburgh and White Plains, bolsters our position as New York's true hometown airline. New York is an important part of our heritage and culture, and we look forward to further solidifying our commitment to New York by combining our corporate offices into one main support center in Long Island City, Queens. Disciplined Growth In the short span of ten years, JetBlue has grown to serve 23 million customers annually, operate 151 aircraft, serve 60 cities and achieved annual revenues of $3.3 billion in 2009. As we enter our second decade, we firmly believe JetBlue has an impressive array of growth opportunities. In contrast to our prior growth, we believe our future growth should be funded primarily through cash internally generated from operations. Hence, we have focused on free cash flow, which captures our ability to generate cash from operations and

manage capital expenditures. We are committed to sustainable growth, which is based on earnings and asset efficiency. As part of this focus, we have carefully managed our fleet and significantly reduced our aircraft capital expenditures from previous years. During 2009, we took delivery of nine net aircraft and modified our aircraft order book by deferring delivery of both Airbus and Embraer aircraft. Slower and more sustainable growth has afforded us the opportunity to rationalize capacity and strengthen our core network. During 2009, we continued to build on our success in the Caribbean and Latin America where our brand and customer service experience resonate well. Of the eight cities we opened in 2009, six were in the Caribbean and Latin America. We increased our presence in leisure-driven markets, such as Montego Bay, Jamaica, while continuing to build on our strength in Visiting Friends and Relatives markets such as Bogota, Colombia. We also launched service to Barbados, Kingston, Jamaica, Saint Lucia and San Jose, Costa Rica. We continued to leverage our presence in New York, Boston, Florida and on the West Coast. We launched new service from Boston to Baltimore, our 32nd destination served from Boston. Our Boston success has driven significant growth over the past six years; we now serve more destinations and offer more seats out of Boston's Logan Airport than any carrier, and we are proud to be the official airline of the Boston Red Sox. In addition, we began new service to Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) from our Boston and New York focus cities, expanding our presence in the L.A. Basin. During 2009, we launched our codeshare partnership with Deutsche Lufthansa AG, Europe's largest airline and our largest shareholder. This partnership provides our customers with convenient connections at 12 of our domestic locations to Lufthansa's network of over 400 locations worldwide. We also continued to benefit from our partnerships with Aer Lingus and Cape Air. Our new terminal at JFK and our growing presence in Boston provide a unique foundation for these and other partnerships, as evidenced by our recently announced agreement with American Airlines in Boston and JFK. We will continue to explore other opportunities to monetize our valuable presence at these airports and link our network with other airlines. Revenue Maximization During September, we launched our innovative All-You-Can-Jet pass promotion offering a month of unlimited travel for $599. This was by far the most successful promotion in our company's history, generating tremendous media attention and introducing a significant number of new customers to JetBlue. We also remain focused on building customer loyalty. This past year, based on extensive customer research and feedback, we made significant enhancements to our customer loyalty program, TrueBlue. Customers now earn points based on the value paid for a flight and also benefit from more flexible redemption opportunities ­ including last seat availability on any flight. Our TrueBlue loyalty program now totals approximately eight million members. We believe our value proposition is unique and differentiates us within the industry. Our goal is to preserve the award-winning core JetBlue Experience and enhance it with optional product offerings customers value and are willing to pay for. The Even More Legroom product is one such enhancement, and customer response has been overwhelmingly favorable. As a result of these and similar efforts, 2009 ancillary revenues increased over 2008, helping to offset industry-wide fare weakness. Cost Control and Productivity Our ability to deliver exceptional customer service at low cost differentiates us from the rest of the industry. Despite a large concentration of operations in high cost cities, we maintain one of the lowest cost structures in the industry due to the young average age of our fleet, a productive workforce and cost discipline. Our most significant cost is fuel, which represented approximately 30% of our total operating expenses in 2009. Fortunately, we have a fuel-efficient fleet with an average age of approximately four years ­ the youngest fleet of any major U.S. airline. We also continue to focus on fuel conservation techniques to help reduce aircraft fuel burn. In addition, we have built a portfolio of fuel hedges to help us manage fuel price volatility and supply interruptions.

A Look Ahead We enter our second decade with excitement and optimism. With safety and security always our top priorities, we are pursuing our goal of being "Americas' Favorite Airline" ­ for our crewmembers, customers and shareholders. Through careful management of our fleet, innovative revenue initiatives and cost discipline, we believe we have laid a foundation for future sustainable growth. We will continue to make prudent investments in our brand designed to generate more revenue. For example, we recently transitioned to a new customer service and reservations system, Sabre, which allows us to better grow our business and revenue streams. Specifically, this new system provides the flexibility and robust tools to expand the products and services offered to our customers, including pricing flexibility that enables us to attract more business customers, broader ancillary revenue opportunities and deeper airline partnerships. The airline environment can change very quickly, whether driven by fuel price volatility or an economic recession or the restructuring actions of our competitors. Despite many challenges in 2009, we were profitable in all four quarters and generated positive free cash flow, all while cultivating our unique culture and brand. The work we have accomplished in recent years to bolster liquidity, slow our growth and strengthen our network has positioned us to succeed going forward. On behalf of our 12,000 dedicated crewmembers, who deliver The JetBlue Experience, we thank you for your continued support. Most Sincerely,

Dave Barger Chief Executive Officer

