20APR200409520546
Dear Fellow Stockholders: JetBlue has turned the airline industry upside-down. We set out with the revolutionary idea to create an airline that would treat customers with humanity and provide everyone with high-quality service at affordable fares. We also aspired to build a company with a positive environment where crewmembers would feel respected and excited to come to work every day. In just four short years, we have accomplished all this and so much more. 2003 was another year of continued success for our company, built from the ground up by our outstanding crewmembers to deliver an exceptional customer experience. At JetBlue, we live by our belief in the 3 P's: great people drive solid performance which generates prosperity for all. This, in fact, is exactly what took place in 2003 as we carried over nine million customers across our route system. At the heart of our company is a conviction that the airline business is fundamentally one of customer service. As such, our crewmembers work hard to exceed expectations on every flight. Our job is to ``get it right'' every step of the way, from the initial reservation booking with our friendly homebased Reservation team or via www.jetblue.com, to the efficient delivery of the last bag at the customer's destination by our Customer Service team. Our Inflight Crew, Pilots, Technicians and everyone else working to support our front-line crewmembers are central to delivering ``the JetBlue experience''. For the second year in a row, JetBlue was voted the number one domestic airline in the Conde Nast Traveler 2003 Readers' Choice Awards. Further, we were named the number one airline in the annual Airline Quality Rating survey published by the University of Nebraska and Wichita State University, based on the strength of our operating metrics reported to the Department of Transportation (DOT). Our operational results were outstanding this year, as we focused on the basic ``blocking and tackling''. Compared to the major U.S. airlines we ranked number one in completion factor, with 99.5% of our scheduled flights flown. We placed second in on-time performance, with 84.3% of our flights arriving on-time. Our incidence of delayed, mishandled or lost baggage was 3.21 per 1,000 customers, the third lowest compared to major airlines. Our rate of customer complaints to the DOT was 0.31 per 100,000 customers, the third lowest. Lastly, we ranked first in denied boardings, with a total of zero, as we don't overbook customers. The focus on taking care of the customer remains the key reason JetBlue experienced the highest load factor among major airlines at 84.5%. And, over 1.3 million members have now enrolled in TrueBlue, our customer loyalty program. As you can see in this year's online annual report, we have included several letters from valued customers who were eager to share their ``JetBlue experience''. We know that to be extraordinary on the outside we must first be extraordinary on the inside. As such, our crewmembers are the key to delivering our outstanding customer service. Our exceptional team, numbering 6,000+ strong, operates each day in accordance with our values: Safety, Caring, Integrity, Fun and Passion. Our team handled close to 70,000 flights in 2003, with a remarkable total of only six maintenance-related cancellations. Together we rose to the challenge posed by events such as the President's Day snowstorm and East coast blackout and our team performed magnificently.

During the year, we moved forward on several training initiatives for our crewmembers. We announced plans for a new campus in Orlando, Florida for our training department, known as JetBlue University. The campus will house our Colleges of Flight, Inflight and Technical Operations, with construction having begun in 2004. In addition, JetBlue University launched Principles of Leadership (POL), our in-house leadership development curriculum. POL 101 educated over 700 of JetBlue's leaders, including captains, and POL 201 will be required training for all leaders in 2004. Not surprisingly, our airline promotes an ethic of leadership in all that we do based on the following five leadership principles: Treat Your People Right, Communicate with Your Team, Inspire Greatness in Others, Encourage Initiative & Innovation and Do the Right Thing. Our culture is clearly vital to our success in taking care of our customers. As we continue to grow, we will only sharpen our focus on strengthening the company culture, as we work to keep the feel of our airline small. We are determined to get better as we get bigger. Following our focus on people and performance, our prosperity metrics were also quite impressive in the context of another very challenging year in the U.S. aviation industry. During 2003, we achieved net income of $103.9 million and enjoyed the highest operating margin of all major U.S. airlines at 16.9%. Further, our fourth quarter in 2003 was our twelfth consecutive quarter of profitability, including eight straight quarters of double-digit operating margins. We maintained our constant vigilance on costs as we reported an industry leading cost per available seat mile of 6.08 cents. This performance, of course, was attained with a relentless focus on our number one value, Safety, and with a deep respect for the well-being of our customers and crewmembers. Our crewmembers received nearly $31 million in profit sharing retirement distributions in 2003 as our profit sharing formula of 15% of pre-tax earnings was distributed to those who delivered ``The JetBlue experience'' over the year. In 2003 we opened two new locations--San Diego and Atlanta. As the industry landscape changed during the year, we made the difficult decision to close Atlanta. This was decided with our stockholders in mind as we hold firm to our commitment as stewards of your money to maximize returns on your investments. We have already opened two new locations in 2004--Boston and Sacramento. In addition, we have announced plans to open San Jose, CA; Aguadilla, Puerto Rico; New York's LaGuardia Airport and our first international service--Santiago and Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic (subject to receipt of government operating authority). As has always been our strategy, we will continue to add flights between existing cities as ``connecting the dots'' remains one of the most cost effective means to add capacity. We added 16 new Airbus A320 aircraft to the fleet in 2003 and announced an additional order for 65 new Airbus A320 aircraft with options for an additional 50. JetBlue once again took a leadership position by announcing a firm order for 100 new EMBRAER E190 jets and options for 100 additional aircraft. Our airline will be the world-wide launch customer for the new 100-seat E190 jet in 2005 and we are already hard at work planning for its seamless integration later in 2005. The E190 jet will allow us to open smaller markets that are in need of price stimulation and will be a marvelous addition to our current fleet as we schedule aircraft to better meet the travel needs of our customers. This new aircraft will offer the same spacious feel and onboard products of our Airbus fleet, including our LiveTV system, which will remain a key attribute of our product offering. As we look forward to the expansion of our fleet, we are carefully investing in the infrastructure necessary to support future growth. During 2003, we began construction of a new aircraft maintenance hangar and technical support facility at JFK. Additionally, we continue to work with our partners at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey toward the construction of a new terminal at JFK airport to serve as our future home in New York City.

We also returned to the capital markets in 2003 to finance our ongoing expansion. In July, we completed a public offering of common stock with net proceeds of $122.5 million and, on the same day, issued 31/2% convertible notes which raised net proceeds of $170.4 million. LiveTV, our wholly-owned subsidiary, had a number of important accomplishments in 2003. In addition to JetBlue aircraft, LiveTV installed satellite television systems on 24 non-JetBlue aircraft and had firm commitments for installations on 52 additional aircraft scheduled to be installed through 2005. Truly, 2003 was an exciting year for JetBlue. Still, as we move through 2004, we'll continue to ensure that our brand remains fresh as we take delivery of one new Airbus A320 every three weeks and hire five crewmembers per day. Our customers will experience new airport kiosk technology, and additional convenient functionalities on www.jetblue.com. They will also enjoy additional entertainment options, including 100 channels of XM Radio and movie channel offerings from Fox Entertainment Group to complement our DIRECTV offering, to name just a few of the enhancements we plan to implement over the course of the year. Additionally, our customers will continue to reap the benefits of the improvements we made throughout our fleet in 2003. All our A320 aircraft now offer an extra two inches of legroom in the rear two-thirds of the plane, accomplished through the removal of one row of seats. As we enter our fifth year of operations, we remain committed to providing the best airline experience for our customers and crewmembers alike. We also remain dedicated to collaborating with the best business partners in our industry--including the FAA, Airbus, Embraer, IAE International Aero Engine, General Electric, Honeywell, Navitaire and our many airport partners, most notably the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. We know that we cannot take our accomplishments for granted. We will continue to do all that has made us successful in the past while remaining focused on delivering results that will ensure our future success. After all, ours is not just a story about 2003; it's a story about delivering real value each and every day, for a long time to come. Our aim is to exceed the extraordinary standards we have set so that the future of JetBlue will be no less remarkable than our beginning. On behalf of the 6,000+ dedicated JetBlue and LiveTV crewmembers across our system, thank you very much for your continued interest in and support of JetBlue. Most Sincerely,

7MAR200410062428
David Neeleman--Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

7MAR200410062360
Dave Barger--President and Chief Operating Officer

