Dear Fellow Shareholders: JetBlue delivered record financial results in 2015, demonstrating the power of our differentiated business model. Some highlights of the year include: Revenues of over $6.4 billion Record annual net income of $677 million, marking our seventh consecutive year of profitability. When excluding the gain from the 2014 sale of LiveTV, year-over-year net income more than doubled. A strengthened balance sheet; our net-debt-to-EBITDAR ratio improved from 2.5x at year-end 2014 to 1.1x at year-end 2015 Growth in return on invested capital, ROIC, of more than seven percentage points from 6.3% in 2014 to 13.7% in 2015 We expanded operating and pre-tax margins more than any other major US airline in 2015. Our stock price increased nearly 43%, significantly outperforming the S&P 500 and the Airline Index. Unique Culture JetBlue's distinctive culture is a key competitive advantage. Our 18,000 crewmembers are highly engaged, proud to work for JetBlue and provide outstanding customer service on a daily basis. They truly Inspire Humanity. In 2015, JetBlue was named one of the Top 25 Places to Work in Forbes annual survey and we received our eleventh consecutive J.D. Power award. In recognition of our strong results in 2015, our crewmembers deservedly earned record profit sharing of about $150 million. Industry Leading Product Our onboard product continues to evolve to enhance customer value and offer a better product than our competitors at a lower fare. We intend to preserve our product advantage and believe we will continue to generate a revenue premium to our competitors. A great example of this differentiated product is Fare Options which launched in June 2015 and provides our customers the ability to select one of three fares based on what they value most such as checked bags, TrueBlue bonus points or the flexibility to adjust travel plans. While in its early stages of introduction, it is clear Fare Options is a better approach than the static fee structure used by some competitors. In 2015, Fare Options significantly exceeded our expectations and increased operating income by over $80 million. We now believe we will achieve a $200 million run rate benefit from Fare Options in 2016, one year ahead of our original plan. Fly-FiTM, our broadband internet product, is another example. Competitors typically charge customers for slower internet solutions. We adopted a more innovative approach: we are the first US airline to offer free Ka satellite based on-board wifi at speeds and bandwidth you enjoy on the ground. Our ability to offer Fly-FiTM for free is made possible by creative content agreements entered in 2015 with partners including Amazon and MLB. These types of agreements offer an opportunity to monetize our product advantage and cover broadband costs. Fly-FiTM is now available on all Airbus A320 and A321 aircraft. Once the installation is complete on the Embraer E190 fleet later in 2016, we will offer free internet access across our entire fleet.

Targeted High-Value Geography JetBlue continues to concentrate its network assets in lucrative, densely populated areas with higher than average disposable incomes. In 2015, nearly 98% of JetBlue's capacity or available seat miles started or ended in one of our six focus cities. This discipline drives focus city relevance, route maturity and, we believe, enhanced unit revenue. In 2015, we started service to six new BlueCities; by the end of the year we served 93 BlueCities in 20 countries. Our targeted growth is producing: each of the six focus cities were profitable and saw margins expand in 2015. Mint continues to illustrate our successful network: a targeted product and experience tailored to specific markets having significant premium demand. Revenue and customer feedback have far exceeded our initial expectations leading to our decision to expand Mint. In 2015, we started additional frequencies from New York to Los Angeles and to San Francisco. We also launched seasonal Mint service from New York to Aruba and year round service to Barbados. In 2016, we are thrilled to bring Mint to Boston, with year round Mint service between Boston and San Francisco and seasonal Mint service from Boston to Barbados. We intend to launch Mint service between Boston and Los Angeles later this year. Most of our 2016 capacity growth is expected to be in Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood (FLL) which remains a central component of our long term domestic and international growth strategy. In New York-JFK, a slot constrained environment, we expect to fuel our growth by up-gauging as more A321s join the fleet and we offer additional Mint frequencies. Competitive Costs I firmly believe maintaining a cost advantage over larger network airlines is an imperative to drive profitable growth. We are very pleased with our 2015 cost performance: total unit costs decreased year-on-year by more than ten percent. While falling fuel prices certainly played a big role, I would also highlight our controllable cost performance, with unit costs excluding fuel, profit sharing and related taxes growing just 0.5% and coming in at the lower end of our street guidance range. This cost performance was primarily driven by an improved operation, investments in our fleet, such as the Airbus A321s, and IT investments, including the Customer Technology Refresh. A Look Ahead We exceeded our 2017 ROIC goal of greater than 10% by two years. We recognize fuel was a significant tailwind and remain focused on driving non-fuel based returns higher. Looking to 2016 and beyond, Fare Options is expected to continue to contribute. We will be executing other return enhancing initiatives including: ··Cabin Restyling: Our new innovative cabin will improve our bottom line and customer experience at the same time. Customers will benefit from new seats, larger TV screens with more than 100 channels of DirecTV, free gate-to-gate Fly-Fi, and we will continue to offer the most legroom in core or coach. New cabin interiors will allow us to increase the seat count from 150 to 162 on our A320 aircraft and from 190 to 200 on our All-Core A321 aircraft. The retrofit program starts mid-2016 and is expected to generate incremental annual operating income of $100 million upon completion of both fleet types in 2019. ··Co-Brand Credit Card: We recently launched our new co-brand partnership with Barclaycard on the MasterCard network. We are very excited with the agreement's structure and improved economics. Equally important, the updated customer features will allow us to enlarge our cardholder base. We expect a fully-ramped annual incremental operating income benefit of $60 million from this new partnership.

··Capital Deployment: We continue to prioritize our cash use to strengthen our balance sheet. In 2015, we reduced our overall debt balance while growing our fleet, improved our Net Debt / EBITDAR ratio, and unencumbered additional aircraft. Looking ahead, we intend to pay for 2016 aircraft deliveries with cash on hand rather than with debt financing and will look to opportunistically pre-pay other debt. Given debt maturities scheduled for the fall 2016, we will assess capital allocation thereafter and expect to provide more color on our plans toward the end of the year. ··Targeted Growth: JetBlue remains a growth company focused on margin and return accretive expansion. Over the last few years our business model has driven strong results on a high single digit capacity growth rate. We will continue to make responsible capacity decisions to maximize profits thoughtfully based on the demand environment and projected price of fuel. Should there be significant change in the macro-environment we have a raft of options to timely adjust our capacity plans. 2015 was an incredible year for JetBlue with industry leading margin expansion and solid execution of our plan by the best crewmembers in the business. Looking ahead, we will continue to enhance the customer experience while working aggressively on our ROIC accretive initiatives, including structural programs such as our Cabin Restyling. On behalf of our 18,000 engaged crewmembers, thank you for your continued support. Most sincerely,

Robin Hayes President and Chief Executive Officer

