 4
Dear JCPenney Stockholder:
In a difficult year for many American families, JCPenney
did what we do best — provided the quality merchandise
we are known for at prices that make sense for our customers’ pressured budgets, and “stepped up” our style to enable them to be more fashionable than ever.
At the same time, we continued to execute our Bridge Plan, which focused on tightly managing all aspects of our business in order to protect our profitability and put a solid operational and financial foundation in place to enable a return to a growth trajectory. This included planning our inventory for a lower level of sales, discontinuing several promotions that were not productive for us, and reducing capital expenditures and operating costs across the Company.
I am pleased to report that we achieved what we set out to
do when I wrote to you last year. Despite the worst economic downturn our nation has seen in 80 years, we increased our gross margin by 200 basis points to 39.4% of sales — an historic peak for us. Our financial strength is a considerable competitive advantage, allowing us to invest in key areas of our business at a time when others are cutting back. Moreover, we maintained our 2009 annual cash dividend at $0.80 per share for the benefit of our stockholders and rewarded over 100,000 Associates with a special bonus check for their meaningful contribution to our overall customer satisfaction scores, and ultimately, our profitability.
As a result, we believe we are well-positioned to focus our attention in 2010 on delivering top-line sales growth, as we begin to implement our new five year Long-Range Plan.
Stepping Up Our Style and Enhancing the Customer Experience
Over the past year, we introduced new, exclusive brands across several merchandise categories. These new brands are off to a promising start. They include Allen B.® by Allen Schwartz and IkRonson® by Charlotte Ronson in Women’s apparel; OlsenboyeTM by Ashley Olsen and Mary-Kate Olsen
in Juniors’ apparel; JOETM Joseph Abboud and IrreverentTM in Men’s apparel; and Cindy Crawford StyleTM in Home. We also remain a “headquarters” for top national brands such as Levi’s®, Carter’s® and Dockers®. We continue to make strides in maximizing the potential of our leading private brands, such as The Original Arizona Jean Company®, Worthington® and a.n.a®, which deliver significantly higher gross margins than national or exclusive brands.
All of these brands are brought to life at JCPenney by our exceptional merchandising organization. To ensure we continue to tap our deep well of talent, we recently refined
Mike Ullman addressing Associates at the Manhattan store grand opening
our merchandising leadership structure, aligning our organization under two seasoned JCPenney executives. Together, they and their teams will continue to maximize our current brands and accelerate our style authority, ensuring that we are offering the right assortments and quantities on a market-by-market basis.
We support the work of our merchandising team by continuing to enhance the technology platform behind every aspect of our inventory flow. In 2009, this included rolling out Door to Floor across our organization to improve the process of stocking
our stores in a way that drives productivity as well as higher customer service levels. To capitalize on the refinements we made in our merchandising structure, we are continually improving the customer experience. In 2009, this included:
• Streamlining our marketing strategies at every customer touch point to highlight our “stepped up” style and enterprise-wide merchandise offering. We are dedicated to building on this success, as well as increasing membership in our JCP Rewards loyalty program, which has grown to over 4 million customers — who we know spend more and shop more often than our average customer.
• Investing in our digital platform. We improved the functionality of jcp.com, allowing customers to find the right styles more easily through innovative tools, such as our online runway videos. Customers responded well to these enhancements, as reflected in the positive sales trend for jcp.com. Additionally, we invested in social media, mobile applications, and our FindMoreTM smart fixtures in stores. Moving forward, we will continue to invest in digital initiatives to capture market share.
• Remodeling or refurbishing approximately 100 stores, as part of our ongoing efforts to make the customer shopping experience more exciting. This included opening 64 new Sephora inside JCPenney locations; we plan for 75 more in 2010, bringing the total to 230.
• Opening 17 new stores in attractive markets, where we are competing aggressively. This included the July 2009 opening
of our first-ever store in Manhattan, where JCPenney has proven popular among residents and tourists, bringing good visibility
to JCPenney and our exclusive brands.
 to our stockholders

        “Our vision is to be ‘America’s shopping destination for discovering great styles at compelling prices....’ This means consistently reinforcing our style authority and affordability and building a sense of discovery for our customers every time they shop with us.” Mike Ullman
• Providing ongoing CustomerFIRST training and leadership development opportunities for our Associates. The result is that our Associate Engagement scores continue to increase, which translates into ongoing gains in our customer service scores. We are proud that in 2009, for the second year in a row, JCPenney ranked No.1 in customer service among department stores in the American Express/National Retail Federation Foundation Customers’ Choice survey.
• Creating a new clearance strategy called “Red Zone Clearance,” which more clearly communicates the true “out the door” price to simplify the purchase decision for our customers.
We were able to accomplish all of this even though we reduced capital expenditures to $600 million in 2009, versus approximately $1 billion in the prior year. We are planning for capital expenditures to be $500 million in 2010.
Exciting New Brands in 2010
Taken together, we have a strong platform from which to achieve our top goal in 2010 — restoring comparable store sales growth. Our strategies to do this include demonstrating that JCPenney is a style destination and focusing on increasing our market share. We expect to accomplish this by adding exceptional new brands that continue to set us apart, including:
• Introducing Cindy Crawford’s newest collaboration with us, One KissTM by Cindy Crawford®, in April. This new brand reflects how we are answering the growing demand for fashionable fine jewelry that can be worn every day.
• Launching Liz Claiborne®, one of the country’s most recognized women’s brands and most popular among our core customers, for which we will be the exclusive department store retailer, beginning this fall. We are capitalizing on this
by expanding the brand into a full lifestyle collection across approximately 25 categories, including women’s and men’s apparel, home and accessories.
• Focusing on making JCPenney a fast fashion destination
with the launch of MNG by Mango®. This brand, which will be exclusive to JCPenney beginning this fall, is known for European runway fashion at affordable prices, and will be the centerpiece of our women’s contemporary merchandise offering.
Off to a Running Start on Our New Long-Range Plan for 2010-2014
Five years ago we introduced a Long-Range Plan for growth. Given the circumstances of the last two years, putting this Plan on hold and creating a Bridge Plan was the right course for us and is reflected in the strong position our Company is in today. We ended 2009 with $3 billion of cash on our balance sheet, and we will leverage this financial strength as we launch our new 2010-2014 Long-Range Plan for growth.
Our vision is to be “America’s shopping destination for discovering great styles at compelling prices” by building
the satisfaction, loyalty and shopping frequency of our existing customers and growing our market share, especially among younger customers. This means consistently reinforcing our style authority and affordability and building a sense of discovery for our customers every time they shop with us.
Critical to our success is having the best team of Associates
in retail. To this end, we are dedicated to an engaged culture focused on innovation and teamwork. Together, our team is committed to establishing JCPenney as the growth leader in our industry, increasing our sales and market share, maintaining our gross margin to maximize earnings potential, and delivering enhanced value for our stockholders.
As we do this, we benefit from the wise counsel of our Board
of Directors. We welcome the newest addition to our Board, Geraldine Laybourne, who founded Oxygen Media, a pioneering network that produces content aimed at younger women.
My deepest thanks go to our Associates for their unwavering focus on teamwork and showing our customers that we know “Every Day Matters®” at JCPenney; our Board for their contributions to planning our successful future; and our stockholders for your continued investment... we are all committed to delivering for you.
Myron E. (Mike) Ullman, III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer April 2010
      5
