    DEar J. C. PEnnEY ComPanY, inC. stoCkHoLDEr:
Transformation was the theme of our year, as we continued to focus on the evolution of our Company from a traditional department store to a retail industry leader. To bring this vision to life, in April 2010, we outlined our Long Range Plan, designed to drive profitable, top-line growth and expand our market share. We made great strides in 2010 on these fronts.
In developing our strategies, we took into account that the moderate customer we serve continues to have significant budget concerns and makes purchase decisions close to need—with value top-of-mind. Since we are a promotional department store, this plays to our strengths and we took a series of actions to reinforce why we should be a first-choice shopping destination for affordable style.
Our performance in fiscal 2010 shows that we are off to a solid start in executing on our Plan. Comparable store sales rose 2.5% and online sales increased 4.4%, contributing to $17.8 billion in total sales for the year. We also controlled our inventory and expenses, which allowed us to protect our margins and profitability in order to deliver earnings per share of $1.59 (including $0.08 of restructuring charges), up 49% from our 2009 results.
making jcpenney a stYLE DEstination
In 2010, we focused on making our merchandise more exciting and appealing to new and younger customers. You will see this come alive across the pages of this report.
Highlights include the addition of the iconic Liz Claiborne® brand, MNG by Mango®, Call It Spring® by The ALDO Group, and our Modern Bride® bridal concept—all exclusive to jcpenney—as well as ongoing improvement across our power private brands, which deliver strong margins and set us apart. We are continuing the rollout of Sephora inside jcpenney, and making the “center core” women’s accessories area a stronger draw. We are also working to improve our Home business—good progress has been made, particularly
in soft home categories.
To draw attention to the style in our stores, we entered into a partnership
with People StyleWatch® where items from jcpenney’s fashion assortment are selected by People StyleWatch editors and clearly highlighted for customers with the People StyleWatch “Must Haves” icon. We also expanded our highly successful JCP Rewards program, to give our loyal customers even more reasons to shop with us.
Our sales associates have received extensive training under our CustomerFIRST program, which encourages them to meet our customers’ needs and showcase all that is new in our stores. We are very proud that our customer service scores continue to rise. In 2010, we were named the top department store for the third consecutive year in the annual National Retail Federation Foundation/American Express Customers’ Choice Survey. Our associate engagement scores have also increased, which clearly underlines the positive experience our customers have when shopping at jcpenney. We are also proud that jcpenney was recognized by DiversityInc. as one of the “Top 50 Companies for Diversity®.”
We want to mirror the ease, convenience and excitement of our stores online at jcp.com. To do this, we continued to leverage our exceptional digital infrastructure to introduce guided navigation, mobile coupons and a new mobile commerce site, as well as to bring findmore® smart fixtures into more stores.
Our research shows that these changes are causing new customers to “discover” jcpenney and they like what they find. To capitalize on this, we introduced a new marketing campaign for our brand, “New Look. New Day. Who Knew!” that is bright, bold and resonates with shoppers. To reinforce the transformation the jcpenney brand has undergone over the last few years, we recently unveiled our new logo (see sidebar).
BUiLDing on oUr aCComPLisHmEnts
The next step for our Company is to build on what we have accomplished by continuing to assert our style authority, delivering memorable customer interactions and impactful digital experiences, as well as focusing on driving profitable growth through operational effectiveness.
To achieve this, in planning for 2011, we undertook an extensive review of our operations in order to identify areas of the business that no longer contribute meaningfully to our growth. The actions we are taking include completing the
 to our StoCkholderS
4

            “It’s a new day at jcpenney thanks to the steps we have taken to be a style destination, to develop sophisticated technology and tools to manage our business, and to be in an exceptionally strong financial position. we are now focused on taking our transformatIon to the next level by introducing new initiatives in support of our vision to be amerIca’s shoppIng destInatIon for discovering great styles at compelling prices.” mike Ullman
wind-down of our legacy catalog business and exiting the outlet business, closing certain underperforming store locations and streamlining our customer call centers and custom decorating businesses. Expected to deliver $25 million to $30 million in cost savings in 2012, these steps are part of an ongoing process to ensure we are increasing sales productivity and tightly managing costs and expenses.
We remain vigilant in our efforts to best manage inflationary cost increases that our industry is facing. The Company is in a strong position, with more than 50 years of relationships with major overseas suppliers, which allows us to source merchandise more cost effectively. This enables us to avoid taking significant pricing actions, which could jeopardize our standing as the low-cost leader among department stores—a key position given the ongoing economic challenges that our customers face.
Taken together, these actions are allowing us to focus on our highest potential initiatives, including: capitalizing on the success of our merchandising strategies; selected new store growth; continued renovations, including additional rollouts of Sephora inside jcpenney; the introduction of new size and markdown optimization tools in order to better control inventory; and the upcoming launches of our new Growth Brands Division—The Foundry Big & Tall Supply Co.TM, Gifting GraceTM and CLADTM.
Each of these marks an opportunity for us to deliver profitable sales
growth. As we pursue them, we are fortunate to have a strong, experienced management team that is focused on driving continuous improvement in our business. We also have an accomplished, dedicated Board of Directors, and we welcome its newest members, William Ackman, founder and CEO of Pershing Square Capital Management, and Steven Roth, chairman of the board of Vornado Realty Trust. They are each distinguished businessmen
and among our largest shareholders.
Finally, we could not achieve what we do without our hard-working associates who focus every day on making jcpenney America’s shopping destination for discovering great styles at compelling prices and continue to deliver on our goal of increasing the value of your investment.
Thank you for your continued support.
Myron E. (Mike) Ullman, III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer April 2011
a LEgEnD. a LEgaCY. an EvoLUtion. introDUCing tHE nEW Look of jcpenney
Symbolizing our transformation to become America’s favorite shopping destination, jcpenney unveiled a new, modern evolution of our enduring brand in February 2011. Endorsed by thousands of customers during extensive research, the fresh, bold design was the most meaningful update to our Company’s logo in 40 years.
It signifies the Company’s progress of infusing great style into our assortments, delivering world-class customer service, and introducing innovative technologies that have made jcpenney a retail leader in the digital age.
CMYK JCP box
             5
