SHAREHOLDERS MESSAGE
2001 was the best year in our history. We reported revenues of $4 billion and net income of $87.8 million ($3.22 per diluted share), both new records. We reported year-end backlog of $5.9 billion, which represents an increase of $500 million over September 30, 2000.
STRATEGIC GROWTH
The consolidation trend in our industry continues. In February, we finalized our acquisition of Stork’s engineering and contracting business, the second phase of a two-part transaction. Along with geographic diversity in Northern Europe, these operations bring us a solid international presence in the petroleum and chemicals business, with particular strength in upstream oil & gas.
In May we acquired the GIBB portion of the LawGibb Group, now operating under the JacobsGIBB name. JacobsGIBB is a leading international engineering consultant providing expert advice in the fields of transportation, civil and structural engineering, water and wastewater, and infrastructure. With JacobsGIBB’s expertise we diversify our business throughout Europe into the publicly-funded sectors, emulating the same successful balanced business mix we practice in the U.S.
These two new resources combine with our existing full-service operations to create one of the largest and most diverse engineering groups in Europe.
In October we established a strong Canadian presence through the acquisition of Calgary-based McDermott Engineers and Constructors Canada Ltd. Now operating under Jacobs Canada Inc. and Jacobs Catalytic Ltd., this company provides engineering, construction, and maintenance services to the upstream oil & gas, petroleum refining, and chemicals businesses.
MARKET CLIMATE
Western economies are either in or nearing recession. Nevertheless, our overall business remains steady and we have a strong prospect list. Specifically, Pharmaceuticals & Biotechnology, Buildings, Infrastructure, Federal Programs, and Refining were robust in 2001 and look even more promising
for 2002. A strong surge in research & development drives the Pharmaceuticals & Biotechnology industry, with a long list of drugs coming to market. Public spending drives Buildings, Infrastructure, and Federal Programs; these markets remain healthy, particularly in light of recent events. In both Western Europe and the U.S., Refining is being fueled by new regulations to remove sulfur from gasoline and clean up the environment, and in some cases add capacity. The Pulp & Paper and Chemicals & Polymers businesses remain at the bottom of their cycles, and the events of September 11 haven’t helped. Technology was slow during the latter half 2001, but there is some evidence that it may pick up by mid-2002.
COMMITMENT TO SAFETY
In addition to delighting our clients, we must provide a safe environment for both our clients and our employees. Already an industry leader, in 2001 we further improved safety in the workplace by 25 percent. We began the fiscal year focusing on a quantum improvement in the reduction of our accident rate, and it is clear we have made some headway. However, we are nowhere near as good as we want or need to be. Our objective is to see that even minor accidents will be virtually unheard of in a few years. We intend to set the pace for our industry.
“The Jacobs organization has a long history of outstanding safety performance. We value the relationship that we have developed with Jacobs. We are gratified that we work with companies like Jacobs that share our vision of a workplace with no injuries or illnesses. We look forward to a continued positive working relationship with Jacobs.”
IRWIN L. LEVOWITZ
Vice President Polyethylene Americas ExxonMobil Chemicals
 2
  
SATISFIED CLIENTS
We are pleased to report that 80 percent of our business comes from long-term clients, and this percentage continues to grow. Our goal to delight these clients drives us to deliver superior performance and continuously improve the quality of services we provide. To accomplish this, we meticulously survey all of our key clients to determine where we can improve our performance, and it has been very effective. By design, we set 66 as the score for good performance. In 1994 we conducted 747 surveys, scoring slightly over 72 percent on average. In 2001 we conducted more than 1,000 surveys with an average score of 82 percent, up by 2 percent from last year. We will not be satisfied until our average survey scores are in the 90 percent range, with zero dissatisfied clients.
wisdom is a major contributor to our success. There were several changes to our Board during the course of the year. Bill Kerler, who was an Executive Vice President at Jacobs for many years and later served on the Board, has retired. Joe Alibrandi, who was a major contributor to our Board for 13 years, has also retired. We express our deep appreciation to both Bill and Joe for their wonderful advice over the years.
Bob Davidson and Ben Montoya were elected to our Board of Directors at the 2001 Annual Meeting held in February. Bob is the Chairman and CEO of Surface Protection Industries, a company he founded in 1978. In addition, Bob serves as a board member for Morehouse College, Fulcrum Venture Capital Corporation, and Childrens Hospital Los Angeles. Ben Montoya just retired from the Public Service Company of New Mexico, where he had been President and CEO since 1993. Prior to that Ben had served as Commander, Naval Facilities Engineering Command, and Chief of Civil Engineers, U.S. Navy.
OUR PATH FORWARD
Today, the world economy remains unsettled, with the end to recession uncertain. However, we have a company with both the technical and geographic diversity to prosper in this business climate. Our stated intent to grow the business an average of 15 percent per year at the bottom line remains unequivocal. Our prospect list remains strong and we see plenty of opportunity ahead. With the continued loyal support of our employees, clients, and shareholders, we will achieve our goals.
                                                                                                                              BOARD LEADERSHIP
One of the strengths of our company is the character of our Board of Directors. Their collective
     JOSEPH J. JACOBS, Chairman of the Board
NOEL G. WATSON,
President & Chief Executive Officer
 3
 