SHAREHOLDERS MESSAGE
FY11 HIGHLIGHTS
Revenues of $10.4 billion
Net earnings of $331 million
Backlog of $14.3 billion
Cash of more than $900 million
2011 diluted EPS of $2.60
$3.7 billion in savings to our clients through our JacobsValue+SM program
To Our Shareholders, Clients & Employees:
Before discussing our year in review and key performance indicators, we’d like to first touch on an issue that’s of critical importance to Jacobs: safety and BeyondZero®. As everyone who follows our Company knows, safety — that of our employees, their families, our suppliers, our clients, and all those who belong to the communities which we serve — is top priority for us. BeyondZero® is integral to our culture and meant to inspire our employees, clients, and industry to understand that all accidents are preventable and that we have the power to eliminate them from the workplace.
Our safety statistics improved in 2011 versus 2010, although not nearly enough. We continue to focus on eliminating accidents and making BeyondZero® a reality.
Fiscal 2011 EPS improved to $2.60. We ended 2011 with $14.3 billion in backlog versus $13.2 billion in 2010. Our balance sheet remains strong with working capital in excess of $1 billion and over $900 million in cash.
The global economy remained uncertain and difficult in 2011. Notwithstanding, our private sector markets gained strength as the year progressed and at year-end we have an abundance of prospects. We were also able to grow our public sector (government) business in 2011 in spite of budget turmoil at the government level. We had many important wins during the year in the public sector and we expect that business to continue to grow.
Our ability to consistently perform is based on our fundamental strategies: Drive repurchase loyalty through our relationship-based business model;
Maximize opportunities by remaining committed to a diversified market strategy;
Support our clients as they enter new geographies then penetrate those markets to develop a strong local presence as part of our multi-domestic approach;
Leverage our cash position through strategic acquisitions; and
Continue to drive down cost.
Regardless of economic conditions around the world, our business model has proven to be the right strategy for attaining the growth you and Jacobs expect — 15 percent average annual growth. In 2011, our relationship-based business model delivered more than 91 percent client satisfaction scores and more than 92 percent repeat business.
We believe the innovative solutions, high level of quality, and tangible, value-based results we deliver to our clients every day drive our customers’ loyalty. In 2011, we produced more than $3.7 billion in client savings through our JacobsValue+SM program, surpassing our record numbers from last year. We continue to raise the bar for the client experience, and we expect no less in the year ahead.
           2 2011 Summary Annual Report

We further strengthened our offerings by leveraging our strong balance sheet to enhance our competitive position through several important acquisitions this year. First, the acquisition of Aker Solutions ASA’s Process & Construction business expanded our global presence in the mining and minerals market, making us a top-tier contractor in that market. It also provides us new geographic regions within South America and Australia, and increases our strength in Europe, North America, and China.
Our acquisition of CES, a leading India infrastructure and civil engineering company, makes us one of the largest consulting, engineering, and construction forces in India and fortifies our resources to address the strong emerging infrastructure market in India, Asia, and the Middle East. This, coupled with our strong infrastructure presence in the U.S. and U.K., creates tremendous synergies and market opportunities for us across the globe. Other niche acquisitions enhanced our position in the government, information technology, and telecommunication markets.
We operate in an extremely competitive marketplace and our success continues to depend on delivering superior value to our clients while maintaining an industry leading cost posture. Much like safety, managing costs — both internally and
for our clients — is in our nature. It is fundamental
to the way we operate.
We are encouraged by our performance in the past year and the fact that the majority of our businesses are in a growth mode. Our employees are energized about the future and focused on the most important aspect of our business: our
clients. Thanks to our employees, our clients, and our shareholders for their continued support and commitment.
Craig L. Martin
President & Chief Executive Officer
Noel G. Watson
Chairman of the Board
   3
