SHAREHOLDERS MESSAGE
   To Our Shareholders, Customers, and Employees
Our company had another great year in FY07. It was
a year with a number of record performances including:
• Recordrevenuesof$8.5billion
• Record net earnings of $287.1 million
• Record backlog of $13.6 billion
• Record net cash of over $550 million
• Fiscal 2007 diluted EPS increased 43.3% to $2.35 per share
• Our highest quality scores
• Almost $2 billion in savings to our clients through our Value Plus program
• A record number of new people choosing to join Jacobs.
There is no question that the company performed well throughout the year. We had the benefit of a very robust market and strong activity across virtually all of the businesses Jacobs supports. As we enter the new fiscal year, prospects remain strong and we expect another good year for our company.
Not everything was entirely to our liking. While our safety performance improved to the best levels in our history, we still injured too many people working for Jacobs and our projects. We are clearly among the best performing companies in our industry, yet we need to do much better. To do so requires that we do more than implement the procedures and processes that have brought us to where we are today. The behavioral and observational model driving today’s performance needs to be balanced with an intentional and cultural approach. When combined, these two aspects of our approach are what are needed to achieve a dramatic reduction in incidents and injuries. We call this combined approach Beyond Zerosm, stemming from the provocative question, “How do we go beyond zero incidents and injuries?”
page [2]
Today, we don’t have the answers to that question, but we are committed to find out. We do have some ideas of what that looks like. It is a place where people go home healthier than when they left. It is a 24/7 view of our people and their families’ health and safety. It is where a culture of caring drives the
“why” of safety and therefore the “how.” We expect Beyond Zerosm to dramatically impact our safety, our productivity, our retention, and our growth.
Another aspect of our performance that pleased
us this year was the continued increase in documented savings that we are delivering to our clients through our Value Plus program. We established Value Plus to focus continuously on finding ways to improve our customers’ businesses. This may be a result of cost avoidance, operating improvements, reliability changes, capital cost reductions, or a myriad of other factors. This program was a terrific success
in FY07; we were able to identify and implement nearly $2 billion in Value Plus savings for our customers — each element of which was documented and certified by our customers. This is a powerful competitive advantage for our business. It continues to reinforce our culture of going the extra mile for our customers, understanding the customers’ businesses, and assuring their businesses are better for having worked with Jacobs.
Another area of focus for us last year, and a continuing area of focus as we go forward, is in our alliance relationships with our customers. We had significant success in FY07 in adding a number of alliance relationships for clients around the globe encompassing both large and small projects and programs. We put a lot of emphasis on maintaining relationships and on being sure that our alliance partners
and core clients were well served in what is a very robust marketplace. We were clearly very successful in keeping our core clients’ projects staffed and executed well. The combination of our dedication to those core clients and our disciplined use of processes and procedures that lead to flawless execution of our customers’ work were well rewarded this year by additional business from those customers. Record quality scores attest to this fact and we expect to see that continue in FY08.
Our focus on people continued to pay off for us
as well. We regularly conduct employee satisfaction surveys and our results continue to show marked improvement across the board. In some areas, we have achieved best-of-class performance in employee satisfaction. In other areas, we have more work to do, but we continue to demonstrate the commitment to our core values. Our customers needed us to grow to serve their needs and we did. We were able to hire more than 4,500 new people into the company and brought in another 5,000 through our acquisitions of Linder, John Brown, Edwards and Kelcey, and most recently Carter & Burgess. About 54,000 employees now choose Jacobs as their employer of choice. This represents a significant competitive advantage for our company — the ability to staff work and help our customers succeed is a critical factor in our long-term relationships and our ability to deliver on our promise to our customers.
One of the great strengths of our company is the character of our Board of Directors. Their collective wisdom is a major contributor to our success. There were several changes to our Board during the course of the year. Dr. Linda Jacobs and Dave Petrone retired from our Board after having served 21 years and 20 years, respectively. They made significant contributions to our
 growth during the course of their tenure. Dr. Linda Jacobs will continue to be associated with the company as Director Emerita. We were very fortunate to be able to recruit General John Jumper to our Board. General Jumper spent his career in the U.S. Air Force, rising to be Air Force Chief of Staff and a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
When you sum it all up, your company performed very well. We continue to work on the important things that drive our business success: being safe, delivering value to our customers, executing projects flawlessly, and being the employer of choice. Those things don’t change.
Thank you all — shareholders, customers, and employees — for your commitment to our company. With your support there is no limit to what we can achieve.
Craig L. Martin President and CEO
(seated)
Noel G. Watson Chairman
       page [3]
  