SHAREHOLDERS MESSAGE
FY10 HIGHLIGHTS
Revenues of $9.9 billion
Net earnings of $246.0 million
Backlog of $13.2 billion
Cash of more than $930 million
Fiscal 2010 diluted EPS of $1.96
$3 billion in savings to our clients through our JacobsValue+SM program
To Our Shareholders, Clients & Employees:
Fiscal 2010 was another challenging year, but we are pleased to report non-GAAP net earnings of $312 million ($2.48 per share) and that we ended the year with a backlog of $13.2 billion. We also ended the year with more than $930 million of cash. Non-GAAP net
earnings for fiscal 2010 exclude the special litigation charge in France of $60 million and an after- tax restructuring charge of approximately $6 million. The litigation charge was a result of an acquisition we made in 1997 and we are appealing the court verdict. GAAP earnings for the year were $246 million ($1.96 per share).
We maintained our intense focus on safety in 2010 through our BeyondZero® program. We remain an industry leader in safety, even though our 2010 numbers were not quite as good as those of 2009. A safety highlight for the year was being recognized by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) as one of only eight companies in the United States to achieve Corporate Voluntary Protection Programs (VPP) status. Our commitment to safety remains a differentiator in our industry, and we remain focused on safety with the goal of completely eliminating accidents from the workplace.
The global economy continued to be in turmoil throughout 2010, but there was some improvement at year-end. Our prospect list strengthened significantly as we completed the fiscal year, although the timing of awards suffered from client funding delays. Today the prospect list is strong enough to support growth in 2011 as clients gain confidence in their end markets. We maintain our commitment to grow an average of 15 percent per year.
Our relationship-based business model has served us well in this tumultuous market. We are expanding our global footprint with an emphasis on geographies where our clients need us. Our ability to tap into any global resource allows us to deliver cost-effective and timely solutions to our clients worldwide. In addition, our ability to move work electronically has become a huge competitive advantage for us, both in terms of resources available to do the work and ability to lower the cost of work, which allows us to compete with anyone, anywhere.
Another part of our value proposition is the JacobsValue+SM program. We worked together with clients to identify approximately $3 billion in cost savings, cost avoidances, and performance improvements — a major highlight this year and a record for our company. Identifying savings for our clients and controlling our own costs helps us remain the most cost-effective company in our industry. This approach also keeps our clients competitive in their industries.
      2 2010 Summary Annual Report

Providing superior value for clients and exceeding their expectations year-over-year is what makes our relationship-based business model work. This year’s client survey results reached record levels — in excess of 91 percent. This level of performance is the reason we have 90 percent repeat business from our clients.
The market for acquisitions is good, and with our strong cash position and balance sheet, we are in an outstanding position to leverage those opportunities. This year we acquired three companies — Jordan, Jones & Goulding, Inc; TYBRIN Corporation; and TechTeam Government Solutions, Inc. — that strengthen our client offerings in the water and wastewater, aerospace and defense, and information technology markets. A number of factors, including the general slowdown in business, have created a surge of acquisition opportunities that we are
diligently pursuing.
One of the great strengths of our company is the character of our Board of Directors.
Their collective wisdom is a major contributor to our success. During the course of the year, Robert B. Gwyn, who served for 15 years on our Board, retired. Bob made many significant contributions to our growth and performance throughout that time.
As we look ahead to 2011, we expect the market to remain difficult; however, the economy is not a barrier to growth — there are plenty of prospects in the market that can fuel our growth. We intend to grow our business by remaining focused on our relationship-based business model and continuing to find new and better ways to deliver superior value to our clients. We are confident we can achieve the growth we desire and deliver shareholder value in the years to come. We want to thank all of our clients, shareholders, and employees for their loyal and enthusiastic support. We look forward to an exciting future together.
Craig L. Martin Noel G. Watson
President & Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
Craig L. Martin
  Noel G. Watson
  www.jacobs.com 3
