SHAREHOLDERS MESSAGE
FY12 HIGHLIGHTS
Revenues of $10.89 billion Net earnings of $379 million Backlog of $15.9 billion Cash of more than $1 billion 2012 diluted EPS of $2.94
$3.2 billion in savings to our clients through our JacobsValue+SM program
Included in the company’s results for the fiscal year and quarter ended September 28, 2012 is a one-time, after-tax gain of
$4.0 million, or $0.03 per diluted share, related to the sale of the company’s intellectual property for iron ore pelletizing and other related assets.
To Our Shareholders, Clients & Employees:
Fiscal 2012 was a good year for Jacobs. We saw the best safety performance in our company’s 65-year history, our client survey scores hit a record high, sales were strong, and our earnings increased 14.5 percent.
Starting with safety, as we always do at Jacobs: Our BeyondZero® numbers, while not yet where we want them (zero incidents and injuries), are better today than they’ve ever been. Our culture of caring permeates all aspects of our business. Our leaders are focused on inspiring every last one of Jacobs’ 63,000 employees to not only follow safety guidelines and conduct themselves with safety in mind always, but also to have the courage to intervene when they see an unsafe situation or a potential hazard. If each of us does this, we are confident that we can eliminate workplace accidents altogether; and that this mindset will follow our employees home from work and enhance other parts of their lives as well.
2012 was another year of uncertainty as economic growth was tepid and many countries struggled with debt and unemployment issues. Nevertheless, we were able to grow in most
of our markets. Our EPS improved to $2.94, versus $2.60 last year. Our backlog grew to
$15.9 billion, with technical professional services at a record high of $10.3 billion. Our balance sheet remains strong with working capital in excess of $1.8 billion and over $1 billion in cash.
Our relationship-based business model is an important part of our growth strategy, and it served us well in 2012, as evidenced by record client survey scores of 91.6 percent and repeat business that exceeded 92 percent. Through our JacobsValue+SM program, we identified
$3.2 billion in savings this year in cost reduction, cost avoidance, and performance improvements. Sustainability is becoming increasingly important to our clients’ businesses and to ours, and this year we rolled out JacobsSustainability+SM to capture and track sustainability solutions. Our 2012 Sustainability Report showed many of the ways we work with clients to progressively and cost effectively reduce the resource intensity of projects around the world. In addition, this year’s Sustainability Report has the distinction of being the first Jacobs iPad® App, available on iTunes®.
Another important aspect of our growth strategy is acquisitions. We made several small but strategic acquisitions in Fiscal 2012; among them KlingStubbins, an addition that enhances our design capabilities, particularly in the areas of higher education, research and development, and mission-critical facilities. Other 2012 acquisitions serve to expand our expertise and reach in the European transportation business and in the infrastructure markets of Morocco and Australia. Our strong cash position allows us to continue to pursue acquisitions aggressively.
One of the greatest strengths of our company is the combined expertise and good character of the members of our Board of Directors. Their collective wisdom is integral to our success.
      2 2012 Summary Annual Report

Thomas M.T. Niles, who served on our Board for nine years, retired last year; and General John P. Jumper resigned to become the CEO of a large services firm. We want to thank them both for the significant contributions they made during their tenure.
We have been very fortunate to recruit two new Board members. General Ralph E. Eberhart spent 36 years in the U.S. Air Force on a variety of assignments, including commanding the North American Aerospace Defense Command on 9/11. He is currently the Chairman and President of the Armed Forces Benefit Association. Christopher Thompson brings 40 years of experience in the international mining field, including serving as Chairman of the World Gold Council, and as Chairman and CEO of Gold Fields Ltd., a major international gold producer. We welcome them to Jacobs and are delighted to be working with them both.
As we look forward to 2013, we expect global economies to slowly improve. Our private sector clients have strong balance sheets and significant spending plans; we see good growth in this area. The natural-gas boom in North America and the
resulting rebound in the chemical industry are
reinforcing this trend. Our government clients’ spending is likely to be relatively flat, but we have a good prospect list and we are continuing to take market share. We expect this combination of events to strengthen our position across markets,
and to provide good growth in the coming year.
We want to thank our shareholders, clients, and employees for their continued support.
Craig L. Martin
President & Chief Executive Officer
Noel G. Watson
Chairman of the Board
   3
