FY15 HIGHLIGHTS
Revenues of $12.1 billion Adjusted Net Earnings of
$410.9(i) million ($3.26(i) per share)
Backlog of $18.8 billion
Cash of nearly $460.9 million
$9.6 billion in savings to our clients through our JacobsValue+SM program
Reduced our clients’ carbon footprints by approximately 21.1 million metric tons of CO2 through JacobsSustainability+SM program
I’Mhonored to have been selected as the next CEO of Jacobs this past August. I would like to thank
While our results are solid, we know we can do better. Heading into FY16 we’re taking steps to embed more flexibility and efficiency into our business, strengthen our leadership across the company, and drive increased empowerment and accountability.
We recognize it’s time to change. We transitioned to a more cost-effective structure in Q3 FY15, one that enables us to provide solid levels of profitability in any environment. We built on this in Q1 FY16 by announcing a new leadership structure organized around four global lines of business. With the aim to seamlessly serve the needs of our client base around the world, these lines of business are Petroleum & Chemicals, Buildings & Infrastructure, Aerospace & Technology, and Industrial
which includes a global focus on markets such as mining and minerals and life sciences.
In addition, we created new Sales and Project Delivery Centers of Excellence to strengthen our capabilities and performance and to further our legacy with our culture of operational excellence. Most importantly, we believe our new global structure is better aligned to our increasingly global client base. It will help us achieve increased efficiency and, with appropriate operational discipline, act as the foundation for a strong return to growth.
Our core values and business model remain unchanged. We remain committed to strong customer relationships, while acknowledging we need to add greater value for our clients. Our average client survey score for the year was solid at more than 92 percent and we realized more than 95 percent repeat business. In FY15 we generated some $9.6 billion in clientsavingsthroughourJacobsValue+SM program,andreducedour clients’ carbon footprint by approximately 21.1 million metric tons of CO2. We expect to improve on these results in FY16 and beyond, as we strive to consistently deliver advocacy, quality, value, and innovation.
CEO’s Message: Unleashing our Potential
      (i) A reconciliation of certain elements of the Company's results of operations excluding the 2015 Restructuring to its U.S GAAP results of operations can be found on page 104.
Noel Watson,non-executive chairman who
served as interim CEO, and our Board of Directors. This is an exciting time for Jacobs as we build on our strong
legacy of growth, people, and client relationships.
Jacobs is a great company with a proud history, and we are fortunate to have many critical elements for future success already in place.
Our commitment to health and safety is outstanding. Our leading BeyondZero® culture of caring compels Jacobs employees to actively assess risks and be vigilant about safety — in everything we do. As a company we are well-positioned, with a strong balance sheet and a diversified client portfolio across global geographies and the markets we serve; and we have a committed pool of talented people to help us adapt and refine our business to generate future growth.
In recent times some industries have been challenging, and there’s no doubt the global marketplace will continue to be dynamic and extremely competitive. Our FY15 results, when paired with analysis of global markets, provide a fair reflection of that dynamic environment.
We experienced significant headwinds in several markets, with depressed oil prices, a further collapse in global mining capital expenditure, government spending reductions, and a fragile global economy. At the same time we saw the beginning of an up-cycle in pharmaceuticals, growth in infrastructure and chemicals markets, and continued positive demand in the Middle East.
Within this mixed environment, our backlog remained near record levels at $18.8 billion and we continued to maintain a strong balance sheet with $460.9 million in cash.
4

 As we work through these changes, we will focus on our commitment to delivering shareholder value. We are executing against our second share repurchase program, announced in August 2015, to buy back up to $500 million of Jacobs’ common stock over three years. This program reflects our continuing confidence in our short-term prospects and our long-term growth opportunities, which we expect to be enhanced even further by our recent reorganization. We have also initiated a strategic review which will focus on profitably growing Jacobs and will include a capital allocation plan to further enhance shareholder value.
I am excited about the future of this company. With the passion, dedication, experience, and knowledge of our talented employees, we’re working together to remove any organizational limitations and unleash our full potential. Our shared goal is to become a company that consistently sets new benchmarks as a service provider and enjoys a reputation as one of the truly great companies in the world. We have an enviable foundation to build on and we’re ready to embrace the challenge to go further, to be bolder, more courageous, to innovate, inspire, and delight. As such we look forward to FY16 and beyond with renewed vigor.
Once again I’d like thank all our employees, clients, shareholders, and board members for their continued support and commitment as we move into
a new era for Jacobs.
Steven J. Demetriou
President & Chief Executive Officer
 5

Chairman’s Message: A Year of Change
Craig Martin, our President and CEO for over eight years, retired for health reasons effective December 26, 2014. The Board of Directors, consistent with its succession planning process, immediately commissioned a
search for a new President and CEO, considering both inside and outside candidates. The Board asked me to serve as Executive Chairman, fulfilling the role of CEO until a new President and CEO was identified.
As I assumed the role of interim CEO, the company was experiencing a major drop in prices of natural gas, oil, copper, and other base metals, which impacted our business as well as many of our clients. These market dynamics resulted in several project cancellations and delays, most of which occurred in the first half of the year.
In response to the market headwinds, the Jacobs management team immediately initiated a robust cost saving program that resulted in
the company announcing formal restructuring efforts about the middle of the year. The initiative focused on becoming more cost efficient by simplifying and aligning our cost structure, insuring that the organization would be able to deliver the levels of profitability to our shareholders despite volatile market conditions. The costs reductions realized in 2015 allowed the company to deliver a stable level of earnings over the course of the year, and positioned the company well to further realize the benefits in 2016 and beyond.
From a governance perspective we also strengthened our leadership this year by electing Dawne Hickton, former Vice Chair, President and
Chief Executive Officer, RTI International Metals, to a Board position in late May. Dawne brings to Jacobs a wealth of proven business leadership, having served as a senior officer in a publically traded company for nearly two decades.
After a rigorous selection process, we announced Steve Demetriou would be the new President and CEO effective August 17, 2015. Steve brings global business leadership experience including 14 years as a Chief Executive Officer to Jacobs. He is well known for his passionate hands-on leadership style, his strong customer relationships, and his focus on people. We are delighted to have Steve in the CEO chair and he is off to a strong start.
As we look forward to 2016 and beyond, I feel the company is in great shape. We have a great leadership team led by Steve and we have completed most of the restructuring efforts to achieve a cost position that will enable us to prosper, regardless of market conditions. I remain extremely enthusiastic about Jacobs and its future.
During the course of the year, one of our major shareholders asked me, what was the most important thing I had learned during the CEO search? I replied that the continued strength of our Jacobs brand was impressive, resulting in a list of very talented people seeking the top job.
On behalf of the Jacobs Board I thank you for your support.
Noel G. Watson
Chairman of the Board
  6
