FY14 HIGHLIGHTS
Revenues of $12.7 billion
Net Earnings of $328.1 million ($2.48 per share)
Backlog of $18.4 billion Cash of nearly $733 million
$5.3 billion in savings to our clients through our JacobsValue+SM program
Reduced our clients’ carbon footprints by 12.3 million metric tons of CO2 through our JacobsSustainability+SM program
To Our Shareholders, Clients & Employees:
It was a tough year in many respects. As a result, our performance wasn’t as good as we expected, and we fell short on what we hoped to deliver to our shareholders. Our earnings for the year were $328.1 million ($2.48 per share).
We met the challenges we faced head-on, and in our second quarter announced several concrete actions — including restructuring efforts and the accelerated integration of Sinclair Knight Merz (SKM). Our non-GAAP earnings for the year were $437.3(i) million ($3.30(i) per share) which excludes the impact of first half events and losses of $31.8 million ($0.24 per share) and restructuring of $77.4 million ($0.58 per share). Moving forward we expect our actions to result in significant savings, make us a much stronger company, and place us in an excellent competitive position for FY15 and beyond.
Despite some delays in investment decisions in certain industries, many of our markets were good in FY14. Our backlog grew nicely to $18.4 billion with technical professional services at $12.6 billion, and we have a strong balance sheet with nearly $733 million in cash.
We are committed to delivering shareholder value, and in August our board authorized a share repurchase program to buy back up to $500 million of Jacobs common stock over the next three years. The board’s approval of this program reflects confidence in our short-term prospects and our long-term growth strategy, and gives us the opportunity to return value to shareholders at a price that is advantageous to the company.
In addition to our responsibility to our shareholders, we have a responsibility to keep constant focus on our health and safety, as well as the safety of those around us. BeyondZero® and our culture of caring compel Jacobs employees to actively assess risks and be vigilant about safety — in the workplace, on jobsites, behind the wheel, and everywhere we go. This year, we joined 30 other construction firms to sponsor Safety Week 2014, a program to educate and inform a wide audience about the safety issues in our industry and inspire positive change. Participation by Jacobs employees and many of our clients
around the world was overwhelming, and we’re encouraged to see such strong personal and professional commitments to safety. It is these individual commitments and actions that collectively make a difference, and make our industry — and the world — safer.
Our average client survey score for the year was a record high of nearly
92 percent and we realized 97 percent repeat business. This is testament to the strong relationships we build by consistently providing advocacy, innovation, quality, and value to our customers. In fact, this year we produced more than $5.3billioninclientsavingsthroughourJacobsValue+SM program.Innovative and practical ideas we generated and put into practice through our JacobsSustainability+SM programhelpedreduceclients’carbonfootprintsby 12.3 million metric tons of CO2. That equates to two thirds of the total estimated auto output of a country like the U.K., or twenty times the daily output of Europe’s airline fleet.
Our acquisition of SKM, which we completed near the end of calendar year 2013, was the largest in Jacobs’ history, and it is already seeing great results. Today we are winning work and expanding into new areas on the strength of our combined companies. Several smaller acquisitions we made this year are also making a positive impact such as Stobbarts, augmenting our ability to provide construction services to the nuclear sector in the UK; Eagleton and assets of MARMAC field services, both adding significant talent and scope to our pipeline capability; FMHC, which greatly enhances our capabilities in the telecom space; and Federal Network Systems, strengthening our position within the national security and intelligence industry.
We have the privilege of serving our clients around the world to take on some of the greatest challenges of modern times: solving problems and playing a significant role in designing, constructing, and maintaining projects that directly touch millions of lives. We do it with an emphasis on safety, integrity, flawless execution of our projects, and sustainability. This is a big responsibility, and it’s one we take seriously: for our employees, who dedicate themselves to bettering our clients’ outcomes; for our clients, who trust us to always have their interests in mind; and for our shareholders, who rely on us to deliver on our commitment to growth.
Shareholder Message
      (i) A reconciliation of certain elements of the Company's results of operations excluding the 2014 restructuring and certain first-half events and losses to its U.S GAAP results of operations can be found on page 78.
4

 Our outlook for FY15 is good — and we have nearly 70 years as evidence that our business model is effective at weathering varying market conditions and events. Looking ahead, we’re encouraged to see a wide array of possibilities. A bigger and better company than we were before, we plan to continue serving our clients through our relationship-based model, our multi-domestic approach, and our boundaryless execution across multiple industries and disciplines.
While remaining committed to our core values and to a model that works; we listen to and advocate for our clients, support their business needs, know their markets, and are quick to adapt as things change. Each day we put our efforts into delivering excellence for our customers on their projects, and the successful outcomes touch millions of people around the world.
We thank our employees, clients, shareholders and board members for their continued support and commitment.
Craig L. Martin Noel G. Watson
President & Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
  5
 Late in November we announced that Craig L. Martin intended to retire as President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors, effective on December 26, 2014, for health reasons. Craig has made an indelible mark on Jacobs in his twenty plus year career with the Company. We are sorry to lose his considerable talent, but respect his decision and wish him well. The Board of Directors is putting great thought and effort into identifying a new CEO to lead Jacobs into the future, and Craig has agreed to stay on for at least one year to provide continued services post-retirement, ensuring a smooth transition.
Noel
