SHAREHOLDERS MESSAGE
To Our Shareholders, Customers & Employees:
FY09 HIGHLIGHTS
Revenues of $11.5 billion
Net earnings of $399.9 million
Backlog of $15.2 billion
Net cash of over $1 billion
Fiscal 2009 diluted EPS of $3.21
$2.4 billion in savings
to our clients through our Value Plus program
Last year, as we entered Fiscal Year 2009, we realized it would be a challenging year, and it was. Uncertain global market conditions and the cautious spending behavior of clients created an environment where few companies, including Jacobs, were immune to the impact of the
global recession. We fell short of our expectations in 2009 and were disappointed to report earnings below those of 2008. Still, our company performed well. Earnings, at $400 million, and backlog, at $15.2 billion, were the second highest in our history, and we finished the year with $1 billion of unrestricted cash.
Safety and the continued pursuit of our BeyondZero¨ initiative were highlights for us this year. 2009 was our second full year of integrating the program into our culture and practices, and the effect on our employees, clients, and safety performance has been outstanding. Many of our clients and suppliers have asked us to help them implement a similar program for their employees and job sites. This is a great compliment to us and proof that our employees are not only embracing our culture of caring, but also, in the true spirit of the effort, taking BeyondZero¨ beyond Jacobs.
Our consistent performance is due to our commitment to our core values: growth is an imperative; we are a relationship-based company; and people are our greatest asset Ð all central to our culture. In good times and bad, these values guide our leaders and employees to make the right decisions. Core clients continue to contribute about 50 percent of our business.
As part of our commitment to our core values, we measure our employee satisfaction every other year. Even under the taxing conditions imposed by the recession, our employee satisfaction scores were up an average of four percentage points.
Every year we search for ways to help our clients solve some of their most difficult business challenges and lower their costs, and this year was no different. Our low-cost model helped many clients sustain operations, and our work share with India consistently delivered significant cost savings. Through our Value Plus program, together with our clients, we identified cost savings, cost avoidances, and performance improvements that totaled approximately $2.4 billion. Our clients validated our strong relationships with Client Satisfaction Survey scores that remained near record levels. We also released our first Sustainability Report this year.
We took more than $150 million of SG&A expense out of our business. Taking cost out of our business was a vital part of dealing with difficult market conditions, and one we addressed well. It has the benefit of making us more cost competitive as we move into 2010.
We were also happy to announce the addition of Peter Robertson to our Board of Directors. Peter, former Vice Chairman of Chevron Corp., brings a wealth of knowledge and experience in the energy business, and we are fortunate to have his insights on our Board.
      2 2009 Summary Annual Report

With 2009 behind us, our attention is now on 2010.
There are signs of an economic recovery and some say the recession is over. This may be true; however, we expect our industry to remain under pressure. We believe the current business climate provides great opportunity for Jacobs, as we have always gained market share during uncertain times.
Our priorities for 2010 are:
Sales: We were an early winner in the competition for stimulus-funded projects in 2009; we expect to reap the benefits of these awards and anticipate more throughout 2010. The downstream oil and gas business has slowed, but several of our businesses remain very solid and some have opportunities for significant growth in 2010 and beyond.
Recruitment and Retention: Current market conditions provide Jacobs with tremendous recruitment opportunities. Recruiting and retaining the best talent the market has to offer are critical to our ability to serve our clients and grow the business.
Acquisitions: With our strong cash position and historic success, we are in an excellent position to make acquisitions. We expect the next few years to be ones with particularly attractive acquisition opportunities.
One of Jacobs greatest strengths is our market and geographic diversity. We have more than 12 distinct markets in which we are industry leaders. Our balanced business portfolio includes both public and private sector work, and spreads across more than 20 countries around the world. This great diversity, plus our focus on delivering superior customer value, supports our commitment to grow our business an average of 15 percent per year, long term.
Adhering to core values has made us a successful company in the past and keeps us moving forward today. We see many ways to grow and prosper in the coming year as we begin to power-out of this recession. Jacobs is moving forward, meeting whatever comes in 2010 head-on.
Craig L. Martin Noel G. Watson
President & Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
Left to right
Noel Watson & Craig Martin
   www.jacobs.com 3
 