TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Thanks to the dedication of our people and the loyalty of our clients, 2007 marked our fifth consecutive year of record performance at Jones Lang LaSalle. The range of clients we serve, the diverse services we offer them, and the size and balance of our global platform contributed to our success. Two months into 2008, conditions in debt markets and fears of an economic slowdown are making this a challenging year in some of our markets. Still, supported by the strategic growth investments we have made in the past three years—and continue to make today—we are positioned to increase market share across our operations and keep growing our business this year.
2007 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS: RECORD REVENUE AND PROFITS
We generated $2.7 billion of revenue in 2007, a 32 percent increase over 2006 revenue of $2.0 billion.
Net income increased 46 percent, to $256 million, or $7.64 per diluted share of common stock, up from $175 million, or $5.24 per share in 2006. Operating income was $342 million, an increase of 40 percent from $244 million in 2006.
Also, our Board of Directors declared and paid annual dividends of $0.85 per share of common stock, an increase over 2006. Our 2008 dividend plan anticipates a total annual dividend of $1.00 per common share.
A YEAR OF PUBLIC RECOGNITION
In addition to our record year financially, we also earned a number of public honors in 2007 and in early 2008:
• Forbes Platinum 400 Best Big Companies (US 2006, 2007, 2008)
• FORTUNE America’s Most Admired Companies (US 2008)
• Ethics InsideTM Certification from the Ethisphere Institute (2008)
• Euromoney Magazine Liquid Real Estate Award: Number One Global Consultancy (2007) • FORTUNE 100 Best Companies To Work For (US 2007)
• Immobilien Manager Leading Capital Markets and Valuation Advisor Award (Germany 2007) • The Sunday Times 100 Best Companies to Work For (UK 2007)
• The Times 50 Companies Where Women Want to Work (UK 2006, 2007)
• Commercial Real Estate Awards: Moscow Consultant of the Year (Russia 2007)
• Actualidad Economica 100 Best Companies to Work For (Spain 2007)
• China Daily China’s Top Employers, Shanghai Region (2007)
• MIS Asia IT Excellence Award 2007 Best Knowledge Management Award: OneView by Jones Lang LaSalle (2007)
• CRO (Corporate Responsibility Officer) Magazine 100 Best Corporate Citizens (US 2007)
• European Property Week Investment Agent of the Year (UK 2007)
• Immobilient Zeitung Investment Agent of the Year (Germany 2007)
• US Environmental Protection Agency Energy Star Partner of the Year (US 2007)
• Alliance to Save Energy Star of Energy Efficiency and Chairman’s Awards (US 2007)
• ENVIBE Award for Environmental Business Excellence (UK 2007)
• Environmental Protection Department of the Hong Kong SAR Government and the Hong Kong Association of Property Management Companies: Top 10 Residential Buildings for Highest Recyclable Quantity Award (China 2007)
These awards reflect the skills, culture and values our people share, qualities which we think make our company both an effective business partner and an exciting place to work.
THE G5: OUR MULTI-YEAR COMMITMENT TO GROWTH
In 2005, we identified five priorities for global growth, which we have come to call the G5. We intend all five objectives to drive shareholder value, help our clients succeed, support our own long-term performance and establish Jones Lang LaSalle as the clear industry leader and innovator. G1 and G5 create the framework for our globally integrated business. G2, G3 and G4 represent three service offerings within that framework that create significant competitive differentiators for our company.
G1: LOCAL AND REGIONAL SERVICE OPERATIONS
The first G focuses on strengthening our local and regional service operations.
Jones Lang LaSalle 1

2 2007 ANNUAL REPORT
As the list of acquisitions and business combinations on the inside cover page illustrates, we were very active in 2007 and are maintaining that momentum in 2008. Upstream, the leading UK consultant in real estate energy management and sustainability, extends our position in an area of rapidly increasing importance for corporate occupiers and, more recently, for investor clients as well. We also are expanding our European retail business with the acquisition of Kemper’s in Germany.
In the Americas, we invested in real estate investment banking, retail and industrial services. In Asia Pacific our merger with Meghraj made us the market leader in the world’s second fastest growing real estate market, while the Sallmanns acquisition creates the leading specialized IPO, M&A and financial valuations firm in Greater China.
Today, as a result, we are a very well-balanced company. About 40 percent of our revenue comes from Europe and the Middle East, a third from the Americas and a quarter from Asia Pacific. With our global platform and integrated services, some of which we view as counter-cyclical, we are positioned to anticipate and meet diverse client needs, wherever they appear. Not only does this help us create and maintain strong client relationships, but it also helps limit the impact of a decline in a single business sector, country or region.
G2: GLOBAL CORPORATE SOLUTIONS
G2 reflects our goal of being the leading service provider addressing the global outsourcing needs of corporate occupiers. Relying on our local and regional service capabilities, we are able to offer integrated real estate services, with a single point of client contact, at the same uniformly high level of service delivery, virtually anywhere in the world.
We won 14 multi-regional Corporate Solutions assignments in 2007, nearly 70 percent of the business for which we competed. Demonstrating the strong client relationships we have developed in this part of our business, we were retained for all 12 of the multi-regional renewals that came up during the year.
Corporate Solutions clients with whom we established, renewed or significantly expanded relationships in 2007 included Pfizer, Affiliated Computer Services, UnitedHealth Group, Procter & Gamble and BP.
G3: GLOBAL CAPITAL MARKETS
Our third growth priority is to build the leading global capital markets platform. And although 2007 was marked by growing turbulence in debt markets, we continued to invest in talented professionals and teams.
Global direct real estate investment reached record levels in 2007, but high transaction volumes in the first half of the year declined during the second half. Significantly lower second-half volumes in the United States and United Kingdom were major contributors to the reduction, although capital markets activity in Asia, Latin America and the Gulf States was relatively unaffected. While our capital markets volumes declined in the U.S. and UK, those businesses accounted for less than 10 percent of our global revenue, and the decrease was more than offset by exceptional growth in other areas of our operations.
G4: LASALLE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
Our fourth strategic priority is to maximize value from LaSalle Investment Management, our real estate money management business. LaSalle recorded an impressive year in 2007, growing the business significantly while continuing to deliver superior results to our investment management clients.
LaSalle raised more capital in 2007 than in any previous year, a total of $10.1 billion for separate accounts, private direct funds and publicly listed investments. During the year, we invested $8.4 billion of capital worldwide.
We launched five new private equity vehicles during the year. We also grew our global securities business, raising $3.9 billion for securities investments while establishing 16 new client relationships in this area. LaSalle’s assets under management total nearly $50 billion today.
G5: WORLD-STANDARD BUSINESS OPERATIONS
While developing the best business delivery system in our industry may be the least glamorous G, success with our other four strategic priorities depends on it. During 2007, we continued to strengthen and integrate our global infrastructure while we also developed market-leading technology that benefits our clients directly. By the end of the year, our global financial and human resources systems were installed in the Americas and Asia Pacific, and installation in EMEA remains on schedule to be completed in 2008.
We also continued to leverage our investment in client-facing technology to help us pursue, win and then service new relationships effectively. We know, in fact, that our OneViewTM technology platform contributed to several of the global Corporate Solutions wins mentioned previously.

TAKING THE LEAD IN SUSTAINABILITY
As environmental sustainability becomes a pressing issue for more and more of our clients, we realize that Jones Lang LaSalle can play a meaningful role in addressing the challenges they face. Since buildings account for 40 percent or more of greenhouse gas emissions in developed countries, and since we manage more than one billion square feet of space for clients around the world, the impact we can make is compelling.
To maintain our leading position in the field, in addition to the Upstream acquisition, we created a new global service offering in 2007, Energy and Sustainability Services. This business brings together existing sustainability capabilities, and we continue to develop and leverage new services and best practices for clients.
Three of the honors we received in 2007 underscore our leadership position. We were recognized as a “Star of Energy Efficiency” by the Alliance to Save Energy, the leading public policy organization dedicated to energy efficiency. And we were named an Energy Star Partner of the Year by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. In the UK, we won an ENVIBE Award for Environmental Business Excellence.
REPOSITIONING THE JONES LANG LASALLE BRAND
A new message appears on the cover of this year’s report: “Real Value in a Changing World.” It is a short statement of the promise we make to our clients, shareholders and employees.
We deliver real value to shareholders in the form of excellent financial results in a changing world of market volatility. Our geographical reach and the diversity of our integrated services offer value to clients whose expectations are shifting in a world that is rapidly globalizing. Our commitment to create value for our own people is grounded in their changing career expectations and diversity.
We manage our brand as an asset that raises the value of our company by illustrating the powerful differences between our way of doing business and that of others in the global real estate industry.
EXTENDING A SPECIAL WELCOME
During the year, more than 7,000 new people joined the firm around the world. As a professional services business, we are only as strong and successful as the people we attract, motivate and retain at Jones Lang LaSalle. We think our people are the best in the real estate industry, a diverse group of talented individuals who bring a broad range of skills, experience and interests to our firm. I want to take this opportunity to welcome everyone who came to us last year. Your contributions and new perspectives will make us a better company.
We also welcomed a new member of our Board of Directors in 2007. David B. Rickard is Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer of CVS Caremark Corporation, the leading provider of prescriptions and related healthcare services in the United States with 2007 revenue of $76 billion. Dave also joined our Audit Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee. He brings considerable financial, transactional and administrative experience to our company, and he offers the perspective of a major user of real estate, as CVS operates more than 6,000 retail outlets. Dave complements what was already an excellent Board, and we are fortunate to have him as a Director.
ADDRESSING THE CHALLENGES OF 2008
As I wrote at the beginning of this message, 2008 is proving to be a challenging year in some markets and businesses. Our response will be to continue to deliver superior client service and focus on the growth of our business, maintaining the momentum our people worked so hard to sustain in 2007. A strong company today, we operate on the premise that strong companies grow even stronger in challenging times. We look to make 2008 another very successful year as a result.
Thank you for your continued interest in Jones Lang LaSalle.
Colin Dyer
Chief Executive Officer and President
Jones Lang LaSalle 3
 March 3, 2008
