TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
2010 was a very successful year for Jones Lang LaSalle. The actions we took throughout the global recession to protect the interests of our clients and the firm also helped us take advantage of improving conditions in recovering real estate markets last year. Three months into 2011, we are positioned for future growth, margin improvement and market share gains.
We continue to focus on maintaining our position as industry leader delivering innovative real estate services and investment management to clients around the world.
One measure of that leadership is reflected in the awards and honors we receive from those clients as well as from independent third parties.
For example, Procter & Gamble awarded us its Top Global Performing Partners Excellence Award for 2010. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has named us Energy Star® Partner of the Year in both 2010 and 2011.
At the 2010 Euromoney Real Estate Awards, we earned Best Advisory & Consultancy Firm awards for Central and Eastern Europe, Italy, Russia, Turkey and Mexico. LaSalle Investment Management, our funds management business, also won key Euromoney awards, being named Best Investment Manager globally and Best Investment Manager in Asia. We received “Best Places to Work” honors in 11 U.S. markets and in Spain, Germany and Ireland during the year.
Our investments in energy efficiency and sustainability were acknowledged in London, where our Upstream team led the submission that earned us a Gold Award in the Mayor of London’s Green 500 Awards.
Early in 2011, and for the fourth consecutive year, the Ethisphere Institute named us “One of the World’s Most Ethical Companies.” For the third year running, we have been selected as one of the world’s 100 top outsourcing providers by the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals. And we were named to the FORTUNE 2011 “World’s Most Admired Companies” list.
2010 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Full-year 2010 revenue reached a record $2.9 billion, an 18 percent increase over 2009 results. We reported net income of $154 million, or $3.48 per share, for the year. Adjusting for restructuring and co-investment charges, full-year net income would have been $166 million, or $3.77 per share.
We continued to maintain a strong balance sheet in 2010, reducing total net debt by $250 million, so that, at year-end, our total net debt position was $273 million. Robust cash flows generated from the firm’s operations, combined with modest cash outlays – the product of disciplined capital expenditures and effective financial planning – helped us strengthen the firm’s investment-grade balance sheet.
1

TAKING ADVANTAGE OF RECOVERING MARKETS
The global economy has finally moved toward a more sustainable recovery, although at different speeds in different markets. Conditions improved in real estate and capital markets in most parts of the world throughout 2010 and are now working in our favor.
Looking at market prospects for this year, we expect the worldwide cyclical recovery in real estate capital markets to continue. We believe global transaction volumes will increase 20 to 25 percent above 2010 levels and exceed $380 billion.
In the world’s major leasing markets, new office supply is trending down, which should help reduce vacancy rates. Rental growth on prime assets in top markets is at its highest since early 2008, and the dwindling supply of quality space, coupled to strong occupier demand, should accelerate the pace of rental growth.
In addition, we see institutional investors increasing their capital allocations to real estate, attracted by its high income component, diversification benefits and inflation-hedging capabilities.
PURSUING OUR GLOBAL G5 GROWTH PRIORITIES
In this positive market environment, we will maintain our commitment to building our business globally. We will continue to frame these activities around our five global strategic priorities, which we call the G5.
The first G addresses our presence and competitive position in key markets around the world. The next three relate to global opportunities – in corporate outsourcing, investment sales and investment management – where we have the potential to further differentiate our firm and outpace our competitors. Our fifth G reflects our intent to link up our employees, businesses, geographies and technologies as tightly as possible in order to strengthen the connections that will deepen business relationships with our clients by leveraging the full power of our global platform for their benefit.
G1 BUILD OUR LEADING LOCAL AND REGIONAL MARKET POSITIONS
The success of our business – local, regional and global – is ultimately determined by our presence and status in local real estate markets around the world. As a result, we continually look for ways to improve our skills and positions in key markets. Throughout 2010, we hired selectively to serve this objective, attracting talented, experienced producers to the firm.
In addition, to respond to client needs or business potential, we regularly consider entering new markets. In 2010, we identified profitable opportunities and opened new offices in Cairo, Vancouver and Zurich.
G2 STRENGTHEN OUR LEADING POSITION IN CORPORATE SOLUTIONS
During 2010, we continued to extend our position as the leading provider of real estate outsourcing services to corporate occupiers. As corporate confidence improved throughout the year, our Corporate Solutions business continued to grow. We won 60 new assignments, expanded existing relationships with another 32 clients and renewed 32 additional contracts.
2

The segment continues to grow and evolve. Originally limited primarily to U.S. multinationals, European corporations have more recently embraced outsourcing. And today companies in high-growth countries like China and India – which were once outsourcing destinations – are now using outsourcing as a strategy to support growth globally and within their own geographies. With leading positions in both countries, we are winning new business as a result.
G3 CAPTURE THE LEADING SHARE OF GLOBAL CAPITAL FLOWS FOR INVESTMENT SALES
Anticipating opportunities created by improving conditions in global capital markets, we continued to invest in our Capital Markets and Hotels businesses throughout 2010, attracting talented individuals with successful track records to our ranks. These investments have already generated healthy returns, as Capital Markets and Hotels revenues increased by more than 50 percent in 2010, reflecting contributions from all regions and a solid recovery in our industry- leading global Hotels business.
As the capital markets recover, cross-border capital flows are increasing. The situation plays to the strength of our integrated and connected global platform, positioning us to compete successfully by matching capital sources and investment opportunities locally or globally, a challenge for many other real estate firms.
G4 STRENGTHEN LASALLE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT’S LEADERSHIP POSITION
LaSalle Investment Management took advantage of recovering investment markets throughout the year as its clients maintained, and in some cases increased, their long-term allocations to real estate and their continued confidence in LaSalle as their investment manager.
LaSalle attracted $5 billion of net new equity in 2010. The commitments included the largest portfolio takeover in our history, the £1.7 billion Royal Mail pension fund separate account in the U.K. At year end, total assets under management stood at $41 billion.
LaSalle continues to focus on delivering top performance to its clients, a priority reflected in its outperformance on many of the benchmarks against which funds managers are measured.
G5 CONNECTIONS: DIFFERENTIATE BY CONNECTING ACROSS THE FIRM, AND WITH CLIENTS
Having built a globally integrated service delivery platform through our investments in the first four Gs, we recognize the need and opportunity to knit it together, linking our people, businesses, processes and technologies to continually improve our ability to serve clients. Supported by a culture which expects and rewards collaboration and teamwork, these connections enable us to address what our clients want most: to enhance the value and productivity they derive from their real estate, wherever located.
Most of our clients seek a growing range of services across geographies. By developing stronger links among our markets, service lines, industry vertical practices and asset classes, we can not only meet those diverse needs, but continue to fuel growth and efficiency for our own firm as well.
3

MARKING THE RETIREMENT OF A LONGTIME FIRM LEADER
Among other notable events last year, June 2010 marked the end of an era at Jones Lang LaSalle when Peter Barge retired from his long and productive career with us.
Peter started out in the Australian hotels business in the 1970s, co-founding a transaction company which we later acquired and re-branded as Jones Lang LaSalle Hotels. He remained Global Chairman of Hotels until his retirement. Peter also ran our corporate real estate services business in the Americas during the ‘90s, returned to Asia Pacific in 2003 to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the region and then capped his career by leading a series of strategic reviews of our global Corporate Solutions and Capital Markets businesses. He was an original member of the Global Executive Committee, where he challenged us to think in new and creative ways. We thank Peter for his many contributions and incredible commitment to Jones Lang LaSalle.
WELCOMING TWO NEW MEMBERS TO OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS
In March of this year, we welcomed two new members to the firm’s Board of Directors: Hugo Bagué and Martin H. Nesbitt.
Hugo Bagué is the Group Executive for Rio Tinto with overall responsibility for Human Resources, Health and Safety, Communities and Corporate Communications. Rio Tinto is a leading international mining and metals group that employs 76,000 people in over 40 countries worldwide. Before joining Rio Tinto, Hugo was the global vice president of Human Resources for the Technology Solutions Group of Hewlett-Packard Corporation. He has also worked for Compaq Computer, Nortel Networks and Abbott Laboratories based out of Switzerland, France and Germany. He is a member of the Advisory Council of United Business Institutes in Brussels.
Marty Nesbitt is President and Chief Executive Officer of PRG Parking Management, the Chicago-based owner and operator of off-airport parking facilities which he conceived and co-founded. Prior to that, he was an officer of the Pritzker Realty Group, L.P., the real estate group for the Pritzker family interests. Marty is also an alumnus of our firm, having served as a Vice President and Investment Manager at LaSalle Partners, one of the predecessor companies of Jones Lang LaSalle. He is a Trustee of Chicago’s Museum of Contemporary Art and a member of the University of Chicago Laboratory School Board.
Hugo’s experience in overseeing major global human resources functions will be valuable to our company since it is our people who ultimately determine our success. And Marty, who gained experience in the investment management business and then moved on to entrepreneurial success in real estate, will deepen our pursuit of new business development strategies. We are fortunate to have two individuals with such strong credentials and experience join our Board of Directors.
MOVING FORWARD WITH CONFIDENCE AND OPTIMISM
To sum up, we were very pleased with our 2010 performance and with the momentum we continue to build across our business this year. There is renewed confidence in markets around the world, and among our own clients, whom we thank for their trust and loyalty.
4

We believe that our competitive platform creates valuable opportunities for additional success in this environment. We face, and respect, highly qualified competitors every day. But we think that a unique set of characteristics makes us the partner of choice for clients seeking superior real estate and investment management services. We have the size, scope and scale of real estate resources to provide whatever they need, wherever they need it. We enjoy unmatched connectivity and collaboration among our people – who are the best in the real estate business – which allow us to marshal our resources to deliver the greatest value and results. And we maintain the strongest financial position in our industry, which means we will be at our clients’ side for the long haul.
Natural disasters – in Japan, Australia, New Zealand, Brazil and Haiti, among others – and political turmoil in the Middle East have tested these qualities and created global concern and uncertainty. Our firm has responded by making substantial donations to recovery and rebuilding efforts around the world. And our people have risen to each challenge. We are proud of – and reassured by – the resilience, dedication and sensitivity they have displayed in supporting our clients, our firm and the affected communities in which we live and work.
Going forward we will continue to focus on growth, enhanced margins and market share gains. And we will maintain our commitment to put the interests of our clients first, without fail, and to conduct our business ethically and with the highest levels of integrity.
Thank you for your interest in Jones Lang LaSalle.
Colin Dyer
Chief Executive Officer and President
March 31, 2011
 5
