 Colin Dyer
Chief Executive Officer and President
To our stakeholders
2013 marked another record year for JLL. Strong markets for real estate investment sales, corporate outsourcing and institutional funds management were tempered by weaker leasing activity in most of the world. In this environment, we recorded historically high revenue and earnings for the year.
Our success was driven, once again, by the superior performance of our staff, professionals who delivered excellent service to our clients, expanding existing relationships while attracting new clients to the firm. Throughout the year, we strengthened our balance sheet, improved productivity across our business and captured additional market share.
  Operating a sustainable company
In last year’s annual report, we presented our vision of maintaining JLL’s position as a sustainable enterprise. We always intend to be a company that is trusted and relied upon by our stakeholders: clients, shareholders, employees, suppliers and the communities around the world in which we live and work.
A successful business for more than 250 years, we understand the range of priorities that sustainability requires: building long- term client relationships with integrity; maintaining and extending our competitive position and financial strength; and growing continuously to create profits
for shareholders, rewards and career opportunities for employees, and funds for investments in future growth. A sustainable company is also a diverse and inclusive organization whose staff mirrors the world of our clients and our communities.
  2013 JLL Annual Report

And we recognize the important role
we play in reducing the environmental impact of the real estate that our clients own, occupy and develop, and to reflect this expertise in our own occupied space. Our leadership contributes to the financial viability of our firm while addressing long- term challenges.
Welcome to JLL
2013 was a year of continued growth and positive change for our firm. One very visible emblem of that change came early this year—and is illustrated on this report’s cover—when we formally adopted JLL
as our trading name and introduced a modernized logo.
JLL is easier to write and pronounce in multiple languages than our longer name. The shortened name and updated logo are more memorable for clients and prospects, and more visible in external signage. JLL supports our expansion into digital and mobile channels. And, since many people already called us JLL, it standardizes
the use of our name for marketing, communications and conversations.
The Jones Lang LaSalle name has served us well for 15 years, and it will remain our legal identity. (LaSalle Investment Management, whose trading name is LaSalle, will retain its legal name as well.) We have built a powerful brand throughout the world, but it needs to keep evolving and remain aligned with the direction our business takes. Adopting the shorter name and new logo is a good choice for a firm which, throughout its long history, has proven itself adept at recognizing and taking advantage of new market opportunities.
Record financial results
Our 2013 financial results illustrate our ability to create and sustain long-term value. Fee revenue increased to a record $4 billion, 12 percent above 2012 results. Adjusted net income totaled $285 million, or $6.32 per share, up 15 percent from the previous year.
We continued to generate strong cash flows in 2013. Over the past three years, our business has produced $832 million
of cash from operations, $535 million after capital expenditures. Guided by rigorous strategic and financial hurdles to assess investment opportunities, we use this cash to fund opportunities to grow our business in our consolidating industry. And this
is the second consecutive year that we
have reduced our net debt by more than $100 million while investing in the business and increasing our dividend.
Promoting our global growth priorities
2013 marked the ninth year in which we have successfully managed our business around five global growth priorities. We call them the G5.
The first G focuses on strengthening our client-service capabilities and competitive position in key real estate and capital markets around the world. Gs two through four anticipate and respond to global opportunities in outsourcing, real estate investment sales and institutional investment management. The fifth G helps us accelerate and leverage progress on the first four by connecting our people, service lines, technologies and market positions to serve clients better, grow our business sustainably and manage enterprise risk.
    2013 JLL Annual Report

G1Build our leading local and regional Major assignments included being
market positions
Our strong capabilities in local and regional markets throughout the world enable us to be a leading service provider globally. As a result, we are always looking for strategic opportunities to improve
our presence in important geographical markets and in key client and industry segments within these markets.
To that end, we completed five targeted acquisitions in 2013:
n Capital Realty LLC, a Kansas City-based firm whose expertise ranges from leasing and property management to transactions, project management and development services.
n Halcyon Real Estate PTE LTD, a Singapore-based commercial real estate firm.
Means Knaus Partners, based in Houston,
a property management company whose portfolio encompasses office space in Dallas, Denver, Houston, Los Angeles, Orlando, Tampa and Chicago.
n OPEX Consulting, a Japanese consultancy that provides supply chain and logistics consulting services.
n Quadrant Realty Finance LLC, a firm that expands our Capital Markets capabilities in Texas.
G2 Strengthen our leading position in Corporate Solutions
Last year, we continued to extend our leading position in delivering integrated real estate outsourcing services to corporate clients around the world.
We won 43 new outsourcing assignments in 2013, expanded existing relationships with 18 more clients and renewed another 17 contracts.
 n
appointed by JPMorgan Chase to deliver facilities management services for its 27-million square foot portfolio in the eastern U.S. and Asia Pacific. We are also providing the global IT platform for all of the financial services firm’s real estate data.
We also implemented three major outsourcing assignments during the year— for HSBC, Canada Post and Nippon Sheet Glass—demonstrating our ability to serve customers globally, quickly and efficiently.
In addition, we continued to expand our local-market-level Corporate Solutions business, which serves corporate clients who purchase real estate services locally. During the year, we won 59 assignments encompassing 245 million square feet in this growth segment.
On behalf of our clients, we now provide management and real estate outsourcing services to a property portfolio of 3 billion square feet.
G3 Capture the leading share of global real estate capital
flow for investment sales
We continued to invest in our Capital Markets and Hotels and Hospitality service lines during 2013, generating excellent returns in the process. Revenue increased 40 percent from 2012, with strong growth in all three regions as we provided services for almost $99 billion of client transactions.
Our ability to provide Capital Markets services globally has positioned us to
take advantage of an accelerating trend: increased cross-border capital flows into real estate coupled to the global marketing of real estate assets. Few competitors can match our expertise and reach in this market environment.
   2013 JLL Annual Report

Throughout the year, our real estate investment banking specialists continued to serve clients in need of capital and other financial resources and solutions to increase the value of their real estate.
G4 Strengthen LaSalle Investment Management’s leadership position
LaSalle’s strong performance and reputation with investors around the world, both institutional and, to an increasing degree, retail clients, produced $7 billion of equity commitments in 2013. This level of activity indicates that investors are continuing, and often accelerating, their allocations to commercial real estate through advisors they trust.
LaSalle’s assets under management totaled $47.6 billion at the end of the year, up
$600 million from year-end 2012. The net increase was due primarily to $8.4 billion
of acquisitions and takeovers in 2013, $7.4 billion of dispositions and withdrawals, and $900 million in reductions related to foreign currency movements during the year.
G5 Differentiate and sustain by connecting across the
firm and with clients
We have both a need and a significant opportunity to accelerate progress and leverage investments in the first four Gs
by linking our organization together in increasingly efficient ways. Connecting employees, geographies, businesses, systems and technology optimally allows us to improve our client-service capabilities substantially. As examples, connecting and working together across business and geographical boundaries, we made major advances in our Retail and Industrial & Logistics service lines in 2013.
Our culture supports connectivity and governance. We value superior client service, teamwork and collaboration, and high ethical standards. All three draw us closer together with each other and with our clients.
The changing needs of clients make connections more important than ever today. Clients want services that are both specialized and integrated. They need those services to be coordinated within and between markets. They are looking
for faster, better and less expensive ways
to unlock value in their real estate. And they want to be sure their service providers are acting at the highest levels of integrity, transparency and legal compliance.
Connecting our operations effectively not only makes service delivery more efficient but also improves our own productivity and, as a result, our profitability. It improves our ability to identify and intelligently manage the significant enterprise risks that both we and our clients face in the course of conducting business in a dynamic global environment.
Taken together, all these efforts to improve connectivity and governance help us sustain our organization for the benefit
of current and future stakeholders.
Improving market dynamics in 2014
Four months into 2014, we continue to witness both the positive momentum evident in global capital markets last year and the recovery in world leasing markets we began to see at the end of 2013.
    2013 JLL Annual Report

Current projections from our global research team see 2014 overall market investment sales volumes increasing by about 15 percent over last year, to approximately $650
billion. Leasing volumes have turned the corner, and we believe overall market gross absorption will increase by 5 to 10 percent globally, compared with 2013’s flat results. Corporate occupiers have begun to shift their focus from consolidation to growth and expansion.
In real estate investment management, we think that institutional investors will continue to increase their capital commitments to commercial real estate this year. Prime assets in top markets are hard to come by today, prompting many investors to move up the risk curve in search of higher returns, expanding the institutional market in the process.
Looking forward to 2020
While concentrating on producing another record year in 2014, we are also focused on longer-term growth. Two years ago, we began to develop a globally integrated strategic plan to position the firm for strong growth to the end of this decade. Our Strategy 2020 efforts began with a comprehensive assessment of changing client needs and future market
and competitive dynamics. We used the results of that investigation to develop—and then start to implement—strategic plans
to 2020 for all our core service lines. In large measure, the strategy has validated the G5 as continuing priorities, and our implementation is focused on how best
to support and accelerate them.
We have also identified the resources
we will need to succeed with these strategies: talent and human capital, productivity measures to maintain and expand margins, investments in data and technology tools to enable our people
to serve clients effectively and compete successfully, and governance processes to identify and mitigate enterprise risk. To accelerate progress, we continue
to connect our people and business operations more efficiently across service lines and geographies.
Finally, we have quantified and secured the financial resources needed to drive revenue and fund capital expenditures from now to 2020.
As a result, we have plans in place which
are broadly shared across our organization and are designed to drive superior near-term performance while also preparing for and investing in future growth.
Welcoming two new Board members to JLL
In 2013, we were fortunate to welcome two very talented and qualified individuals to the firm’s Board of Directors.
Kate Lavelle, who joined the Board in
May 2013, was Chief Financial Officer of Dunkin’ Brands, a leading franchisor of quick-service restaurants with more than 16,000 locations in more than 50 countries around the world. Prior to that, she served as Global Senior Vice President for Finance and Chief Accounting Officer for the LSG Sky Chefs operation of Lufthansa Airlines. Since becoming a Director, Kate has added to the Board’s financial, operational and enterprise risk management perspectives on an international basis.
   2013 JLL Annual Report

Shailesh Rao is the Vice President for Asia Pacific, Latin America and Emerging Markets at Twitter, the global on-line social networking service. Before joining Twitter in 2012, Shailesh worked at Google. In seven years at the global technology company focused on search, operating systems and platforms, he served in a number of roles, including Managing Director for India. Since joining the Board last September, Shailesh has drawn on his experience
at two of the world’s most prominent digital companies to contribute a unique combination of management, technology, international and entrepreneurial skills.
Changes on our Global Executive Board
After several changes in 2013, our Global Executive Board, which is our most senior internal management group, begins 2014 enthusiastically with new members and a clear sense of purpose and direction. Having made significant contributions for many years, Lauralee Martin and Peter Roberts left the firm during 2013 with our gratitude and best wishes. Christie Kelly joined us
To conclude this letter, I want to acknowledge and thank our people one final time for the commitment they showed to their clients, colleagues and our firm throughout 2013. I can think of no better way to do that than by mentioning just
a few of the awards they helped JLL earn from industry associations and other independent groups in 2013:
n World’s Most Ethical Companies: Ethisphere Institute (sixth consecutive year)
n Global Outsourcing 100: International Association of Outsourcing Professionals (fifth consecutive year)
n America’s #1 Corporate Real Estate Services Firm:Watkins Survey (fifth consecutive award)
n 100 Most Trustworthy Companies: Forbes
n 100 Best Corporate Citizens: CR (Corporate
Responsibility) Magazine
n Top Supplier: P&G, AT&T, TIAA-CREF
n Top Technology Innovator: Information Week
n Best Performing Property Brand: Managing Partners’ Forum Awards for Management Excellence
n Energy Star Sustained Excellence Award: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
n Office, Investment and Industrial Agency of the Year: UK Property Awards
n Best Property Consultancy in Singapore, Thailand and Indonesia: International Property Awards for Asia Pacific
n Best Global Agency and Letting Advisor: Euromoney Awards
Thank you for your continued interest in JLL.
Colin Dyer
Chief Executive Officer and President
April 2014
 in July 2013 as our Chief Financial Officer, and Greg O’Brien was promoted to Chief Executive Officer of our Americas business segment in January 2014.
Moving forward with confidence and optimism
With confidence and optimism continuing to build among our clients and staff around the world, we anticipate positive momentum across our business this year. Our client relationships, competitive position, professional staff and financial resources combine to position us for continued progress and confirm our position as industry leader.
  2013 JLL Annual Report
