to our shareholders
Jones Lang LaSalle 
Our people made 2006 another excellent year for Jones Lang LaSalle, our fourth consecutive year of record revenue and profits. As I write this letter two months into 2007, we are building on the momentum that carried us through last year so successfully. Healthy conditions in the world’s major economies, improving fundamentals in real estate markets and continued high capital allocations to real estate investments lead us to view 2007 with continued confidence. We intend to make this another record year for our firm.
2006 financial highlights: record revenue and profits
We recorded $2.01 billion of revenue in 2006, a 45 percent increase over 2005 revenue of $1.39 billion.
Net income increased 70 percent, to $176 million, or $5.24 per diluted share, up from $104 million and $3.12 per share in 2005. Operating income reached $244 million, up from $132 million in 2005, an 85 percent increase.
During the year, we invested in strategic acquisitions and continued to add talented and experienced individuals and teams to our ranks. In addition, our Board of Directors increased our second 2006 semi-annual dividend payment by 40 percent, to $0.35 per share. Despite these significant cash investments, we had no net debt at year-end 2006.
recognition beyond the numbers
Our 2006 results are now history, but the qualities that produced them—the culture and values shared by our people—are constants, guiding us toward continued success. As the list of 2007 awards on the facing page illustrates, respected third parties around the world have recognized our firm as an effective business partner and a great place to work.
our continued focus on growth and innovation
To create additional value for our shareholders, we continue to focus on generating new growth in our business by being the leader and innovator in our industry—the company that does things first for clients, and the company that clients call first.
To support these goals, we identified five global growth priorities in 2005 that we call the G5. Each represents an area in which we have the skills and resources to expand our business and differentiate our brand by further developing our service capabilities. In the past two years, we have made great progress by investing consistently and strategically in all five.
We will continue to invest strategically and with confidence in our G5 priorities in 2007. The process creates a virtuous cycle for our business as our strong financial performance enables us to invest in additional future growth, and those investments generate continued strong performance.
G1 and G5 create the framework for a global, integrated business. G2, G3 and G4 refer to three unique service offerings within that framework that represent significant competitive differentiators for our company.
g1 and g5: the foundation of our global and integrated business
The first G focuses on strengthening and, where appropriate, extending the local and regional service operations that comprise our global platform and form the foundation of our business.
Early in 2006, we completed the acquisition of Spaulding & Slye in the United States, establishing a market-leading presence in Boston and New England, and further strengthening our existing position in the Washington, D.C. market. Our new colleagues from Spaulding & Slye contributed nearly half the total revenue growth we recorded in the Americas region last year.
Later in the year, we completed three strategic acquisitions in Europe. A fourth acquisition, the RSP Group, is based in Dubai and is the leading real estate investment and advisory company in the Middle East. Already in 2007, we have closed two additional acquisitions, one in Australia and another in the United Kingdom.

 006 ANNUAL REPORT
We also made significant staff additions globally across our business last year, particularly on our Capital Markets and Leasing teams, and in our Corporate Solutions business. Finally, anticipating and responding to changing client needs, we opened new offices from Spain to Romania, India to Vietnam, and Silicon Valley to New Jersey.
At the other end of the G5 spectrum, our fifth G—introducing world-standard business operations— links and integrates our platform worldwide through systems and processes that serve our clients and support our people. One key project is an integrated global finance and human resources system. Already in use in the Americas, the system was recently rolled out in key Asian markets, and we remain on track to complete global implementation early in 2009.
g2: global corporate solutions
The dual trends of globalization and corporate real estate outsourcing drive our investments in G2, the corporate occupier business. Our goal is to be the leading corporate real estate outsourcing partner for the large client relationships we choose to pursue. We continue to win more than 60 percent of those mandates for which we compete.
During the year, we won 15 new multi-regional or global assignments from top companies including Adidas, Affiliated Computer Services, Kaiser Permanente and Sun Microsystems. Our Corporate Solutions teams also target large regional companies and medium and large national firms, leveraging the capabilities we have developed serving global clients to address the needs of clients in these additional segments.
g3: global capital markets
G3 goals include being both the world leader in transacting cross-border real estate capital flows and the industry leader in developing innovative service offerings that address the evolving capital needs of our clients.
During the year, our International Capital Group was active in all our regions, identifying capital resources and investment opportunities and then working with local and regional Capital Markets teams to complete transactions. We expanded the group to include new full-time members who cover Australasia and the Middle East and North Africa. We also added dedicated strategy, research and knowledge management professionals to the team.
We made substantial progress developing our Real Estate Investment Banking business last year. As a result, we can assist clients with capital and equity raising, merger and acquisition activities, debt financing, property derivatives and indirect investments. We also support our clients with merchant banking services to help them derive maximum value from their real estate portfolios.
To meet the capital-related needs of corporate occupiers, we expanded our Corporate Capital Markets capabilities during 2006, building a bridge to real estate investors for these clients. We can provide sophisticated capital strategies and solutions to occupiers with surplus real estate or flexibility needs, major core business capital needs or financial reporting objectives.
g4: lasalle investment management
Our G4 strategic priority is LaSalle Investment Management. LaSalle had a truly impressive year, continuing to deliver superior results to our clients while growing our money management business significantly.
LaSalle raised more capital in 2006 than ever before: over $7.1 billion for separate accounts, private direct funds and publicly listed investment programs. Assets under management totaled more than $40 billion at year end, up from approximately $30 billion at the end of 2005. Every segment of the business exceeded relevant performance benchmarks on a consolidated basis. And the record level of incentive fees we earned in 2006 is proof of LaSalle’s superior investment management capabilities.
LaSalle highlights included the $3.4 billion acquisition and subsequent privatization of CenterPoint Properties Trust on behalf of a client. We also expanded our global securities business during the year, raising $2.2 billion of capital for these investments.

Jones Lang LaSalle 
a note of special thanks
At the end of 2006, Lynn Thurber announced her retirement as Chief Executive Officer of LaSalle Investment Management. Since assuming that position in 1994, Lynn was the guiding force behind LaSalle’s rise to its current position as one of the world’s leading real estate investment advisory firms. LaSalle’s superior 2006 performance is a fitting testimony to her years of dedicated service and her investment knowledge, skills and client service sensitivities.
As she planned for her retirement, Lynn was determined to leave the business with a strong global platform and a stable and experienced management team. We were fortunate to be able to choose from that team to select Jeff Jacobson, a 16-year veteran of the firm, to take her place as CEO.
Lynn has agreed to continue to serve the firm in the new role of Chairman of LaSalle Investment Management. In this position, she will develop client relationships and provide counsel to LaSalle’s senior management team. She will also continue to serve on the investment committees and advisory boards of several LaSalle funds.
All of us at Jones Lang LaSalle and LaSalle Investment Management thank Lynn for her many contri- butions to our company’s success and for agreeing to remain involved in the business. We wish her well in this new phase of her life and career.
moving forward with confidence
I began this message by acknowledging our people throughout the world, the engineers of continued success at Jones Lang LaSalle. I believe we have the most talented, experienced and conscientious people in our industry. I think that those qualities are amplified by our common culture of client service, collaboration and integrity.
In my daily activities, I am constantly reminded how powerfully this combination serves our clients and strengthens our firm. It also convinces me that, in 2007 and beyond, we will continue to work together to deliver superior client service, generate new growth and create additional value for our shareholders, all while striving to be the leader and innovator in our industry.
Thank you for your continued interest in our firm. Sincerely,
colin dyer
chief executive officer and president
march 2, 2007
 