To Our Stakeholders
Jones Lang LaSalle recorded another successful year in 2012. We continued to grow and prosper in recovering, but still challenging, markets, recording a significant earnings increase and generating record revenue. Thanks to the outstanding performance of our people, we expanded existing client relationships, won important new mandates, strengthened our investment-grade balance sheet, increased productivity and continued to grow market share.
  Operating a Sustainable Enterprise
Through the years we have learned how vital and
valuable it is to build long-term relationships with our clients, respecting them and earning their trust.
We also realize that to remain relevant competitively
and financially, we need to keep growing to generate profits for shareholders, create opportunities and rewards for employees and fund investments for further growth. And as globalization continues to redefine our industry and our clients’ needs, we continue to tighten the links among our different businesses and geographies. Effective corporate governance and enterprise risk management, plus our shared values of client service, teamwork and the highest ethical standards, shape all these priorities.
This report focuses on the events of a single year, but it draws on a history dating back to the original founding of the Jones Lang Wootton companies in London in 1783. We extended our historical roots even farther, to 1760, with the King Sturge merger. Our collective ability to thrive for more than 250 years suggests we have always had the people who know what it takes to sustain a company over time.
Our definition of sustainability encompasses all the important and inter-related elements that constitute a sustainable enterprise, a company all our stakeholders
– clients, employees, shareholders, suppliers and the communities in which we operate – can trust and rely on for the long term. And we recognize the responsibility we have within the global community to act as a role model for good corporate governance and citizenship, and for the environmental and social impacts of our organization.
Generating Strong Financial Results
Our 2012 financial results offer just one measure of our ability to create and sustain long-term value. Revenue increased to a record $3.9 billion, 10 percent above 2011 levels. Adjusted net income reached $245 million, or $5.48 per share, a 14 percent year-on-year increase.
We are proud of our ability to generate strong cash flow as our business has produced nearly $1 billion of cash from operations over the past three years, $700 million after capital expenditures. We are disciplined in the deployment of cash, using both strategic and financial hurdles to assess opportunities to grow our business and expand market share within a consolidating industry.
We maintained a healthy balance sheet throughout the year. In the fourth quarter, we issued $275 million of 4.4 percent Senior Notes due November 2022. Sold to a diverse
group of investors, these investment-grade notes further strengthened our liquidity and balance sheet. We used proceeds from the issuance to reduce borrowings on our long-term revolving credit facility, whose outstanding debt stood at $169 million at year-end, down from $463 million at the end of 2011.
Pursuing our Global Growth Priorities
Throughout 2012, we positioned our businesses to take advantage of recovering markets by continuing to invest in growth, structuring our activities around five global priorities, which we call the G5. The G5 form the ongoing core of the strategies we pursue to sustain the organization as a thriving, value-creating enterprise for the benefit of all of our stakeholders.
2

The first G focuses on extending our competitive position in the world’s key real estate and capital markets. The next three address global opportunities in outsourcing, investment sales and institutional investment management. The fifth G reflects our intent to connect our people, service lines, technologies and market positions globally to best serve the changing and increasingly demanding needs of our clients and to successfully manage the enterprise risks we face regularly.
G1 Build our leading local and regional market positions
Our ability to serve clients – locally, regionally or globally – ultimately depends on our competitive presence in key local markets around the world.
We continually look for ways to improve our position and stature in these markets.
Throughout the year, we hired selectively, attracting talented and experienced real estate professionals to our ranks. The number and quality of the individuals who chose to join the firm last year indicate that they see Jones Lang LaSalle as the preferred employer in
the commercial real estate industry.
To expand our capabilities in important regional markets, we completed four strategic acquisitions in 2012:
• MPS, an Australian tenant-advisory firm
• 360 Commercial Partners, a real estate services firm based in California specializing in industrial sales and leasing
• Credo Real Estate, a Singapore-based real estate advisory firm in residential sales, valuations, auctions, research and consultancy
• The Apartment Group Ltd., a multifamily brokerage company in Dallas, Texas.
We also continued to integrate prior mergers and acquisitions to capture their full value. Our 2011 merger with King Sturge, the UK-based international property consultancy, contributed significantly to our results last year. Despite a very difficult business environment in
Europe, our new colleagues from King Sturge helped our EMEA region exceed $1 billion in revenue for the first time ever, a 12 percent increase in local currencies above 2011 levels.
G2 Strengthen our leading position in Corporate Solutions
During the year we built on our leadership position providing integrated real estate outsourcing services to corporate clients around the world.
We won 48 new outsourcing assignments in 2012, expanded our relationships with 39 clients and renewed 47 contracts. In addition, in our local-market-level Corporate Solutions business, which serves the needs
of mid-market corporate clients, we won 58 assignments encompassing 180 million square feet of space during the year.
In a watershed win early this year, HSBC named us exclusive global facility manager for the bank’s 58-million-square-foot global portfolio. A massive expansion of our relationship with HSBC, the assignment more than doubles the square footage we manage for
the bank. It is the largest-ever outsourcing of facility management services to a single provider by a financial services company, and it came as the result of a strenuous and objective process by the bank to select the best provider from the real estate industry’s leading competitors.
3

G3 Capture the leading share of global real estate capital flow for
investment sales
We continued to invest and capture attractive returns
in our Capital Markets and Hotels service lines in 2012, where revenue increased 13 percent in local currencies from the previous year, led by 25 percent growth in
the Americas.
Cross-border capital flows constricted by the financial downturn have begun to recover, as investors grow more likely to look beyond their own markets in search of profitable returns. Thanks to our integrated global service platform, we are uniquely qualified to identify and
then match capital sources with appropriate investment opportunities locally or globally. Few competitors can match this expertise.
As one example, after establishing a presence in Switzerland during 2011 with our acquisition of Sal. Oppenheim, in 2012 we advised Credit Suisse on Switzerland’s largest-ever single asset real estate deal, the $1.1 billion sale and leaseback of its Uetlihof building in Zurich.
G4 Strengthen LaSalle Investment Management’s leadership position
LaSalle Investment Management’s position in core investment strategies was strong in 2012, although capital allocations remained slow for commingled funds. Major institutional investors are increasingly focused
on identifying large single-asset transactions. LaSalle is addressing this market through its new Strategic Partners program, forming partnerships with those investors
to target specific strategies and assets. With its global presence, deep investment experience and proven skill
in completing complex transactions, LaSalle is well positioned to bring opportunities to clients from around the world and then execute them successfully.
2012 also saw LaSalle’s successful launch of the Jones Lang LaSalle Income Property Trust, a non-listed REIT that owns and manages a diversified portfolio of high- quality, income producing properties. Merrill Lynch was engaged to distribute shares of JLL IPT.
G5 Connections: Differentiate and sustain by connecting across the
firm, and with clients
We recognize both an opportunity and a need to leverage investments in the first four Gs by linking our organization together more closely, connecting employees, businesses, systems and technologies to improve client service and our own productivity.
Our culture, which values teamwork and collaboration in addition to superior client service and high ethical standards, supports these efforts.
Changing client needs make such connections essential today. Clients are seeking a full range of specialized, but integrated, services that are coordinated and consistent from one market to another. They need faster, better and less expensive services that unlock the value in their real estate. Innovation and new technology will play important roles in addressing these priorities.
Linking our operations more effectively to make service delivery more efficient not only serves client needs
but also contributes to productivity and profitability, and enhances our ability to identify and manage the enterprise risks inherent in our businesses. All these efforts work together to sustain the organization for the benefit of future generations of stakeholders.
4

Capitalizing on Recovering Global Real Estate Markets
A strong fourth-quarter in 2012 reflected the strength
of investor appetite for commercial property. The search for yield in a low interest rate environment, combined with a perceived reduction in macroeconomic risks and a selective improvement in debt markets, should support increased investor activity in 2013.
We currently expect total global investment volumes to approach $500 billion in 2013, 10 to 15 percent above 2012 levels, with strong investor interest in core product in top-tier markets maintaining prime yields. We also see upside potential in top secondary markets, where attractive yields are starting to draw investor interest.
Leasing markets have proven less resilient, as corporates focus on productivity gains and cost savings rather
than expansion. But even here we are seeing growing confidence, which should translate into modest growth in leasing activity during 2013, particularly in the second half of the year. Prime rents are projected to increase modestly, by an average of 2 to 3 percent in 2013, but given shortages of high-quality space and low levels of new construction, even a modest uptick in absorption could trigger rental spikes in some markets. Global office vacancy is stable at 13.2 percent and is expected to edge below 13 percent by year-end.
Positioning the Firm for Future Growth
Over the past 18 months, we completed a comprehensive internal review of the strategies and tactics we plan
to employ during the remainder of the decade to make sure we continue to be a winner in our businesses.
Our Strategy 2020 Project, which we are now implementing, focuses the allocation of future investments and efforts toward the specific elements of our G5 priorities that
we believe have the greatest potential. It also considers how best to deploy technology and our human capital to optimize the opportunities we see.
Effective January 1st of this year, we made two leadership changes to position the firm for accelerated future growth. Peter Roberts, who had been Chief Executive Officer, Americas, accepted a new role as the firm’s Chief Strategy Officer, where he will concentrate on developing and implementing our global strategy for long-term growth. Lauralee Martin, who had been our Chief Operating and Financial Officer, succeeded Peter as CEO, Americas.
Peter has made significant contributions to the firm throughout his career, both in the Americas and globally. During his 10-year tenure as Americas CEO, annual revenues in the region grew six-fold. Peter has also been – and will continue to serve as – a member of the firm’s Global Executive Committee, which guides the firm’s global strategy.
Lauralee joined Jones Lang LaSalle in 2002 as
Chief Financial Officer and was appointed to the additional position of Chief Operating Officer in 2005. Her experience, supported by a quick and decisive approach to business, make her uniquely qualified
to lead the Americas. Until a new CFO is appointed, Lauralee will also retain responsibility for that function.
Offering Thanks to Three Directors and Welcoming a New Board Nominee
Three members of our Board of Directors – Darryl Hartley-Leonard, Tom Theobald and Lauralee Martin – have announced that they will not stand for re-election at our 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
Darryl and Tom will retire from the Board following 15 years of valuable service. Both became Directors in connection with the 1997 initial public offering of our predecessor company, LaSalle Partners Incorporated. Later they were closely involved in our 1999 merger with Jones Lang Wootton that created Jones Lang LaSalle. We are deeply grateful for their advice, counsel and many contributions to the firm. We, and our shareholders, have benefitted from their wisdom, energy and integrity.
5

Lauralee, who joined the Board in 2005, has decided not to stand for re-election so that she can devote her full attention to her new role as Americas CEO. This is consistent with her colleagues who lead our other principal business segments. In addition to her responsibilities in the Americas, we are fortunate that Lauralee will continue to play a key global role for the firm by remaining a member of our Global Executive Committee.
We are very pleased that Kate S. Lavelle has been nominated for election to our Board of Directors at our 2013 Annual Meeting. Kate was Chief Financial Officer at Dunkin’ Brands, Inc., one of the world’s leading franchisors of quick-service restaurants with more than 16,000 locations in more than 50 countries. Before that, she was the Global Senior Vice President for Finance and Chief Accounting Officer for the LSG Sky Chefs operation of Lufthansa Airlines. Kate will add to the financial and operations perspectives, and multi-cultural business experience, of our Board.
Moving Forward With Confidence
In 2013 and beyond, we will continue to work to be recognized as the world leader – and strongest brand
– in real estate and investment management services and advice, serving the best clients while setting and achieving ambitious goals for ourselves. Changing economic and market conditions, shifting client needs and the best efforts of well-qualified competitors make this a challenging and unending process. Driven and encouraged by the skills and efforts of our colleagues around the world – the best in our business – we think we are equal to the task.
The awards we receive from industry associations and other independent groups offer one measure of our position as industry leader. Some of our 2012 honors are listed later in this report. And already in 2013, we have earned awards which include:
• World’s Most Ethical Companies (6th consecutive year) – Ethisphere Institute
• America’s 100 Most Trustworthy Companies – Forbes Magazine
• 100 Best Corporate Citizens – Corporate Responsibility Magazine
• Best Performing Property Brand – 2013 MPF Awards for Management Excellence
• Global Outsourcing 100 award (5th consecutive year) – International Association of Outsourcing Professionals
• 2013 National Top Workplace Firm – WorkplaceDynamics
• 2013 ENERGY STAR Sustained Excellence Award (2nd consecutive year) – U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
In a related accomplishment, we have surpassed all
other firms in the number of LEED Accredited Professionals and Green Associates employed worldwide, with more than 1,250 credentialed professionals listed
in the GBCI LEED Professional Directory. Globally, we have more than 1,400 energy and sustainability accredited professionals who provide energy and environmental management services to clients and to our own operations.
Working together in 2013 and beyond, we will vigorously pursue growth, improved margins and increased market share by delivering innovative new products and superior levels of service to our clients
Thank you for your continued interest in Jones Lang LaSalle.
Colin Dyer
Chief Executive Officer and President April 19, 2013
6
