 CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
ToOur Shareholders
2010 will be remembered as a year in which our company was severely tested on numerous fronts. Yet our people continued the hallmark work of Johnson & Johnson: finding new ways
to care for the health and well-being of people around the world.
There were challenges we fully expected, particularly those related to the continuing global economic downturn and loss of patent exclusivity on some of our major pharmaceutical products. And there was a challenge we did not expect: the painful and disappointing experience of the McNeil Consumer Healthcare product recalls.
Despite the trying moments of 2010, our people introduced new products, advanced our pipelines and expanded businesses in emerging markets. We remain steeped in our tradition of caring for others, driven by values deeply rooted in Our Credo. While we face near-term business pressures, we enter 2011 on a strong foundation to achieve long-term sustainable growth.
2010 Results
We continued to deliver earnings growth in 2010, with many
of our businesses performing well in light of the macroeconomic conditions. Several factors impacted the health care industry in general and Johnson & Johnson. Medical devices and consumer businesses felt the effects of a continued economic slowdown. In health care, we anticipate continuing to feel those effects in 2011. There were costs associated with U.S. health care reform, which was implemented early in the year. In addition, we faced lost sales and remediation costs resulting from our consumer over-the-counter product recalls, as well as generic competition in our pharmaceuticals business.
Despite these headwinds, we continued to grow earnings
 WilliaM c. WeldoN
Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer
 while maintaining investments for future revenue and earnings growth. With these investments, we are developing a number of exciting new products that have the potential to address significant unmet health care needs.
Worldwide sales for 2010 were $61.6 billion, a decrease of
1.3 percent operationally (reflecting the challenges noted as well as the 53rd accounting week included in the 2009 results). Adjusted earnings were $13.3 billion1, an increase of 2.9 percent despite a sales decline. Adjusted earnings per share increased 2.8 percent1.
In a tough global economy, we maintained our financial discipline. We generated free cash flow of approximately
$14 billion2 and held our AAA credit rating. We also executed a $1.1 billion debt offering at the lowest interest rate for long-term corporate debt in history.
We had a one-year decline in total shareholder return of about half a percent. Over longer time frames, we continue to compare favorably to most stock indices, beating all major sector performance benchmarks on a three-year and 10-year basis.
The one-year decline in shareholder return was disappointing, but reflects both the uncertainty around health care reform that hampered many in our sector and the impact of our consumer product recalls.
McNeil coNsuMeR HealtHcaRe
Our people dedicate themselves to providing the most trusted brands and high-quality products to help others around the world.
 NET SALES
(in billions of dollars)
$61.1 $63.7 $61.9 $61.6 $53.3
     2006 2007 2008 2009 2010
DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
(in dollars)
$4.57 $3.73 $3.63
$4.78 $4.40
     2006 2007 2008
2009 2010
  DIVIDENDS PAID PER SHARE
(in dollars)
$1.795 $1.620
$1.455
$2.110 $1.930
     2006 2007
2008 2009 2010
   CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 1

Thus, our experience with the McNeil Consumer Healthcare recalls has been difficult for all of us. Most important, we disappointed our customers. Trust and confidence in Johnson & Johnson and our products are fundamental to everything we do. Even though millions of customers remain supportive of our work to assure quality and restore our consumer brands to the market, that trust and confidence have been truly tested.
During this past year, I visited many manufacturing locations around the world. I can assure you that our people are dedicated to giving our customers the highest-quality products, with no compromises whatsoever. It is our responsibility to learn from what happened, address problems at their root causes and ensure that only the highest-quality products reach our customers.
That hard work—and the subsequent results—will help earn back trust and respect.
We are on our way to restoring McNeil Consumer Healthcare to the high levels of quality and compliance that people expect of all Johnson & Johnson companies and that we expect of ourselves.
As part of this commitment, we accelerated the imple- mentation of organizational changes to our Supply Chain, Manufacturing and Quality and Compliance areas, which began early in 2010. We also undertook a thorough review of how we operated our manufacturing plants and examined in detail the historical production records of McNeil Consumer Healthcare products sold in the U.S. and produced in McNeil’s internal manufacturing network.
We have completed this internal review, and we will continue to conduct reviews at external sites that manufacture McNeil products. If these reviews reveal any further issues,
we will not hesitate to take whatever steps are needed, including further market action, to ensure that our products meet world-class quality standards. These and other steps we have taken under the Comprehensive Action Plan submitted to
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) constitute an uncompromising effort to ensure high quality at McNeil.
These actions will help us assure that moving forward, our products in the marketplace live up to the standards and expectations that consumers have for all products coming
from Johnson & Johnson.
At the same time, we are focused on returning the recalled products to the marketplace in 2011. We began shipping a small amount of product in the fourth quarter of 2010, and alternate supply of the remaining key products will ramp up in the latter half of 2011. At the appropriate time, we will invest in market support for our over-the-counter brands. We also will be introducing product and packaging innovations for a number of products, especially those for young children.
2010 HigHligHts
Even as we faced challenges throughout 2010, we remained unwavering in who we are as a company. The source of our enduring strength is a fundamental commitment to Our Credo and an operating model that has served us well for decades.
Our operating model includes a commitment to being broadly based in human health care; a decentralized management approach that keeps our people close to customers; managing for the long term; and a focus on people and values. We focus on four growth enablers—products, pipelines, global presence and people—that support the model and enable accelerated growth.
 Our 2010 accomplishments reflect the strength of our model and growth enablers.
• New Products: We introduced innovative products across our businesses and saw strong growth in recently introduced products. These include consumer products that address emerging health care needs, such as JOHNSON’S® NATURAL® baby products and LISTERINE® ZEROTM mouthwash. In our Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) segment, we launched more than 50 new products. For example, a new ENSEAL® tissue-sealing device for large vessel sealing in open surgery was introduced in the U.S., strengthening our energy surgical instrument portfolio. In Pharmaceuticals, we saw growth of key innovations approved in 2009—NUCYNTA®* (tapentadol) for pain, STELARA® (ustekinumab) and SIMPONI® (golimumab) in immunology, and INVEGA® SUSTENNA® (paliperidone palmitate) for schizophrenia.
With a consistent flow of new products based on
scientific innovation, approximately a quarter of
Johnson & Johnson sales last year came from new products introduced in the past five years, and approximately 70 percent of our sales were from products with No. 1 or No. 2 global market share positions.
• Leading Product Pipelines: Across our businesses,
we invested nearly $7 billion in research and development to advance our newest technologies and pipeline compounds. Our Pharmaceuticals pipeline is recognized as among the best in the industry.
Rivaroxaban**, our anti-coagulant, has been filed in
the U.S. for the prevention of stroke in patients with atrial fibrilation, a condition that can lead to major physical and behaviorial impairments, or death. The Company also responded to the FDA Complete Response Letter for its review of the rivaroxaban filing for preventing deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism following total knee and hip replacement surgery. Abiraterone acetate, an investigational compound for the treatment of metastatic advanced prostate cancer from last year’s acquisition of Cougar Biotechnology, was granted priority review in the U.S. and accepted
for accelerated assessment in Europe. Telaprevir,*** for hepatitis C, an undertreated global infectious disease, has
also been accepted for accelerated assessment in Europe. Additionally, we filed TMC278 for HIV in both the U.S.
and Europe.
In MD&D, the Fibrin Pad, a revolutionary hemostasis product that combines two biomaterials and two biologics to stop bleeding during surgical procedures, was filed for regula- tory approval with the FDA.
• Targeted Acquisitions: We believe in an organic and collaborative approach to innovation. In addition to our own internal research and development programs, we create partnerships through licensing and make targeted acquisitions to either add a capability or gain an asset from which we
can drive more value. We acquired Micrus Endovascular, a
* NUCYNTA® is licensed from Grünenthal GmBH.
** Rivaroxaban is co-developed with Bayer HealthCare.
 *** Telaprevir is developed in collaboration with Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
 2 JOHNSON & JOHNSON 2010 ANNUAL REPORT

  global developer and manufacturer of minimally invasive devices for hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke. In February 2011, Johnson & Johnson completed its tender offer for Crucell N.V., which develops vaccines against infectious diseases. In addition to strategic acquisitions, we collaborate and partner with other companies and academic institutions pursuing exciting discoveries that we can enhance with our global development capabilities.
• Growth in Emerging Markets: We continued our strong progress in emerging markets, with sales growing
14 percent operationally in Brazil, Russia, India and China. We continue maximizing research and development centers in these regions to develop medical devices, pharmaceuticals and consumer products based on insights in local markets. We have a vast and growing network of medical and surgical institutes around the world to train and educate the doctors and nurses who use our products. And with rapid economic growth in emerging markets, we’re expanding our product offerings to meet the unique needs of the mass market comprising billions of people who are now gaining a greater degree of health care coverage.
The opportunity here may reflect more affordable products or products focused on diseases that are more common in emerging markets than in developed markets. Offerings include market-appropriate sutures, consumer products, staplers, blood glucose meters, knee replacements and local or regional pharmaceuticals. The objective is superior outcomes for patients who may not have had access to such technologies or products.
• Talented People: As we look toward the future, a top priority for Johnson & Johnson is continued development of a leadership team that is well-positioned for sustainable growth. At the end of 2010, we announced organizational changes designed to further long-term succession plans and assure that we have talented and experienced leaders at all levels of the organization. Joining me as part of an expanded Office of the Chairman are Alex Gorsky, previously Worldwide Chairman, Medical Devices & Diagnostics, and Sheri McCoy, previously Worldwide Chairman, Pharmaceuticals.
Other additions to our senior leadership team are a direct reflection of the strength, depth and diversity of our talent pipeline. We are committed to giving our people opportunities to work across our various business groups and geographies. And we continue to invest more than ever in our people. Our objective is simple: to develop employees with the skills, judgment and integrity to carry on the Johnson & Johnson legacy.
We have the people, products, pipelines and footprints in global markets to sustain long-term growth. And with a continuous focus on addressing unmet needs, we invest in technologies with the potential to significantly improve health care.
PHaRMaceuticals
Our Pharmaceuticals segment focuses on meeting important patient needs. With sales of $22.4 billion, we saw rapid growth of recently launched products. For the year, the segment
 The source of our enduring strength is a fundamental commitment to
Our Credo
and an operating model that has served us well for decades.
BRoadly Based iN HuMaN HealtH
MaNaged foR deceNtRalized tHe loNg teRM aPPRoacH
PeoPle aNd Values
     experienced an operational sales decline of 1 percent. Excluding the impact of generic competition and health care reform, pharmaceutical sales would have increased by nearly 4 percent operationally.
We continued to make significant investments to expand our presence in emerging markets which grew at double-
digit rates, as well as in new therapeutic areas like vaccines
and Alzheimer’s disease. We are the leader in the U.S. immunology market, with three significant brands. Our flagship product REMICADE® (infliximab), for the treatment
of a number of immune-mediated inflammatory diseases,
grew 7 percent operationally. Newer products STELARA® (ustekinumab) and SIMPONI® (golimumab) continued increasing market share and generated more than a combined $600 million in sales for the year. REMICADE®, STELARA® and SIMPONI® contributed to 17 percent operational growth for the Immunology franchise.
In long-acting antipsychotics, we grew 14 percent operationally. RISPERDAL® CONSTA® (risperidone) Long- Acting Injection, an atypical antipsychotic administered
every two weeks for the treatment of schizophrenia or the maintenance of bipolar 1 disorder, grew 6 percent operationally. INVEGA® SUSTENNA® (paliperidone palmitate), for the treatment of schizophrenia, continued to increase U.S. market share, contributing to our expanding market leadership.
In the HIV area, PREZISTA® (darunavir) and INTELENCE® (etravirine) grew sales operationally by 46 percent and
41 percent, respectively, achieving together more than $1 billion in sales for the first time while providing access to markets with
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 3

   Medical devices and diagnostics segment sales
sales by Major franchise (in billions of dollars)
2010 Sales: $24.6 billion
Sales Change
Total: 4.4% Operational*: 3.4%
ETHICON®
$4.5 9.2%
ETHICON ENDO-SURGERY®
$4.8 5.9%
     DIABETES CARE
$2.5 1.2%
ORTHO-CLINICAL DIAGNOSTICS®
$2.0 4.6%
VISION CARE
$2.7 6.9%
DEPUY®
$5.6 4.0%
CORDIS®
$2.5 (4.7%)
 Pharmaceutical segment sales sales by Major Product (in billions of dollars)
2010 Sales: $22.4 billion Sales Change
Total: (0.6%) Operational*: (1.0%)
PROCRIT®/ EPREX®
$1.9 (13.9%)
LEVAQUIN®/ FLOXIN®
$1.4 (12.5%)
CONCERTA®
$1.3 (0.5%)
ACIPHEX®/ PARIET®
$1.0 (8.2%)
consumer segment sales sales by Major franchise (in billions of dollars) 2010 Sales: $14.6 billion
Sales Change
Total: (7.7%) Operational*: (8.9%)
ORAL CARE
$1.5 (2.7%)
BABY CARE
$2.2 4.4%
REMICADE®
$4.6 7.1%
 *Operational excludes the impact of currency
OTC PHARMACEUTICALS & NUTRITIONALS
$4.6 (19.2%)
RISPERDAL® CONSTA®
$1.5 5.3%
TOPAMAX®
$0.5 (53.3%)
VELCADE®
   OTHER
$9.1 6.6%
$1.1 15.8%
    WOMEN’S HEALTH
$1.8 (2.7%)
WOUND CARE/ OTHER
$1.0 (10.4%)
$3.5 (0.4%)
 SKIN CARE
the most significant need.
In Oncology, Velcade* (bortezomib), for multiple myeloma,
grew 16 percent operationally while eclipsing $1 billion in sales outside the U.S. for the first time.
In addition, we continue to pursue line extensions.
We submitted applications for several major line extensions, among them REMICADE® and SIMPONI®, which continue
to build the strength of our Immunology franchise.
Over the next three years, we expect to file compounds to address critical medical needs, including Alzheimer’s disease and diabetes, conditions growing in prevalence as the population ages. With five compounds currently in registration and several more planned in the coming years, our portfolio ranks among the leaders in the industry. Our pipeline meets unmet needs and features many true innovations designed to change the treatment paradigm for patients.
Medical deVices aNd diagNostics
The Medical Devices and Diagnostics (MD&D) franchises comprise the world’s largest medical technology business, with sales of $24.6 billion, an increase of approximately 3 percent operationally. Despite the economic slowdown, which led to a decline in surgical procedures and pricing pressures across the business, we achieved growth in six of our seven franchises, as well as in all regions.
Our MD&D businesses advanced a very strong pipeline, completed and integrated several acquisitions, and aggressively expanded into emerging markets. The segment maintained or improved market share in the majority of its largest product platforms, despite intense competition.
For example, the Ethicon franchise grew 8 percent operationally, based on its strong suite of surgical products, as well as recent acquisitions in new markets like aesthetics and ear, nose and throat surgery. The Ethicon Endo-Surgery franchise grew 5 percent operationally. Double-digit growth in its advanced sterilization products and energy products were major contributors. Our Vision Care franchise had operational sales growth of 4 percent based on its core ACUVUE® Brand Contact Lens and the continued launch of 1-DAY ACUVUE® TruEyeTM Contact Lenses into new markets. The Ortho Clinical Diagnostics franchise grew 4 percent operationally with the continued growth of the VITROS® 3600 and 5600 analyzers.
The DePuy franchise increased operational sales by 3 percent based on the strength of its orthopaedic reconstruction, sports medicine and neurological businesses. Diabetes Care increased operational sales by 2 percent with the introduction of a number of new OneTouch® products around the world. Meanwhile,
sales in the Cordis franchise continued to decline due to competi- tion in drug-eluting stents. This was partially offset by the strong growth of electrophysiology products in the Biosense Webster business, which grew nearly 20 percent operationally for the year.
coNsuMeR
Consumer sales were $14.6 billion, a decline of approximately
9 percent operationally. Sales were impacted by McNeil recalls, as well as the general economic slowdown and greater consumer sensitivity to spending, reflected in a broad move towards store
 * Velcade is a trademark of Millennium Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4 JOHNSON & JOHNSON 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
MD&D
Pharm
Consumer

 brands and smaller sizes in certain markets. Despite the headwinds, we saw positive momentum in emerging markets, where sales grew by double digits.
Operational sales decreased in most of our consumer franchises. However, we saw growth in many product lines, including DABAO® skin care products, NICORETTE®, JOHNSON’S®, AVEENO® and LE PETIT MARSEILLAIS®, where our science-based innovations and expansion into emerging markets continued to drive strong results. We also introduced new product innovations and line extensions to iconic brands, such as JOHNSON’S® NATURAL®, LISTERINE® ZEROTM, PRECISETM from the makers of TYLENOL®, ZYRTEC® Liquid Gels and CYTOMIMICTM technology in several new skin care products.
Our Consumer business continues to distinguish itself
with science-based innovations, proprietary technologies and recommendations by health care professionals. More than a billion people around the world count on our consumer products for themselves and their families.
ouR eNduRiNg stReNgtH
With the challenges of 2010, and within the context of our
125th anniversary in 2011, we are reminded more than ever of our heritage. Unwavering commitment to the principles embodied in Our Credo and an appreciation for the elements of our operating model are as strong today as at any time in our history.
We are not perfect; we will make mistakes. And when we do, we hold ourselves accountable to correct them. That accountability is inherent in Our Credo. Its tenets demand a special level of responsibility ... first to patients and customers, then to our employees, our communities and our shareholders. Our Credo remains our North Star.
Another enduring strength is the character of the people of Johnson & Johnson. Despite diverse businesses, we are united by an extraordinary bond—a commitment to caring for one person at a time and touching the world—originating from Our Credo values. It is a quiet sense of purpose focused around the lives we affect, the families and children we touch, and the professionals who support their health.
Our products, our pipeline and our global presence make us strong as a company. Our people and Our Credo set us apart.
ouR coMMitMeNt to WoMeN aNd cHildReN
As our businesses have diversified and expanded globally, Johnson & Johnson remains true to the foundation of our company: caring for the health and well-being of mothers and children. We have a heritage unlike any other company. Because we are especially privileged to touch mothers at the most intimate moments with their newborn child, we have a bond forged on deep emotional trust—one that builds a special connection with people. It also magnifies our commitment to help ensure that mothers and children, wherever they may live, enjoy good
health care.
Consistent with our legacy, Johnson & Johnson responded
 unwavering commitment to the principles embodied in our credo and an appreciation for the elements of our operating model are as strong today as at any time in our history.
with a five-year commitment to the United Nations’ renewed efforts to advance the Millennium Development Goals of reducing mortality in women and children by 2015. Our commitment aims to help as many as 120 million women each year for the next five years, reaching 50 countries. It includes initiatives such as mobile health information for expectant mothers, safe birth programs and 200 million doses annually of mebendazole, a treatment for intestinal worms in children.
In addition to this commitment, we support nearly 650 other philanthropic programs in more than 50 countries. While working on saving and improving the lives of women and children, we also focus on building the skills of people who serve community health needs, as well as
preventing diseases and reducing stigma and disability in underserved communities.
ouR coMMitMeNt to you
I commit to you, our shareholders, that as we enter 2011, Johnson & Johnson is well-positioned for future growth. We will restore quality and confidence in our products. We will continue to introduce differentiated new products that advance important unmet needs in human health and well-being. We will continue building and advancing pipelines that fuel our long-term success. And we’ll continue expanding into new health care categories and emerging markets that offer unprecedented opportunities to touch more people around the world with better care.
Most important, we will never lose sight of who we are.
Our Credo, our operating model and our people are enduring sources of success. We are deeply committed to the people who use our products, to our employees, to the communities in which we live and work, and to you, our loyal shareholders.
William C. Weldon
Chairman, Board of Directors, and Chief Executive Officer
March 16, 2011
  1 Excludes special items.
2 Free cash flow is defined as operating cash flow less capital spending. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, page 76.
 CHAIRMAN’S LETTER 5
