to o u r sh a rehol ders

I

am proud to report that fiscal 2010 was another year of exceptional performance and significant accomplishments for

Joy Global. Although the year started with higher uncertainty and lower expectations, order rates improved, backlog started rebuilding, and shipments strengthened as the fiscal year unfolded. We leveraged this momentum to deliver especially strong results for our shareholders. Operating margins were at record levels, trade working capital was reduced while production schedules increased, and free cash flow reached an historic high. The consistency with which these results were delivered throughout the year is indicative of the fundamental improvements we are making to our business. Fiscal 2010 results were certainly helped by improving markets, but they also came from effectively positioning our business for the uncertainties we saw going into the year, from the programs we have been implementing to improve manufacturing efficiencies, and from the dedicated efforts of a very talented team. This consistency was the basis for a credit rating upgrade at the end of the year. In addition to delivering current results for our shareholders, we continued to work on a number of programs and initiatives that will make us a more efficient and effective business for the future. These are not just programs, but are also part of our core values and therefore represent our focus on things that matter. Our highest priority is on safety. We relentlessly pursue zero harm because it addresses a number of core issues for our business. First and foremost, we consider it our responsibility to ensure that every member of our team returns home without injury or incident. In addition to being the responsible way to operate a business, we have found that safety is correlated with higher levels of quality, efficiency and productivity and therefore enhances overall performance. I am pleased to report that we have made very significant progress since
2 0 1 0 Annu a l R e p o r t

"We leveraged this momentum to deliver especially strong results for our shareholders."

Michael W. Sutherlin President and Chief Executive Officer Joy Global Inc.

1

we started on the journey to zero harm. For the past nine years, our incident rate has been world class, and yet we continue to make year over year improvement. For 2010, we achieved a lost time incident rate of 0.43, and many of our facilities operated without any incidents for the year. Although this result is gratifying, we are on a journey and will not be satisfied until we achieve zero harm. Another priority is to make our business more

Operational Excellence
at Work
1000 800 600 "In addition to being the Joy Global Business Systems 400 responsible way to 200 operate a business, we have found that safety is correlated with 0 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 higher levels of quality, efficiency and productivity and therefore enhances overall performance."

operationally and financially efficient. Our Operational Excellence program has been revitalizing our legacy facilities and making them competitive with our newest factories. We measure the progress of this program by the reduction in cycle times because it is making us a more responsive business, and it is correlated to other important measures such as quality, on-time delivery, and productivity. In the last two
10
months

7LS6 Shearer Lead Time
Order to Delivery
10 8 6 4 2 0 08 09 10

years, we have reduced the lead time on longwall shearing machines by 40 percent and have reduced the time to build our electric rope shovels by almost 50 percent, and we are targeting further improvement. Reduced cycle times are increasing our realizable capacity within existing roofline, and this has been critical to our industry leading margins and returns on invested capital. This was recognized by Industry Week when they rated us as one of the top manufacturing
P&H Shovel Build Cycle
First Work Order to Completion

Lost Time Incident Rate: 1995 to 2010
5.0 4.0 3.0 2.0 1.0 0.0

companies. We are now expanding our Operational Excellence program from manufacturing to a wider range of core processes, including engineering, supply chain,

95

00

05

10

15

months

10

5

0 08 09 10

rebuilds and field services.

Our business model is based on designing, making and supporting equipment that is mission critical to mining
2
j o y G l o ba l I n c .

operations, and we do that better than anyone. Our industry leading aftermarket capability enables this, and therefore it is our single most important asset. We have upgraded this asset by building new, state-of-theart service centers in major markets such as Canada, Chile, Australia and South Africa, and in the coming year will be building service centers in India and Russia to support these key emerging markets. We have been converting our aftermarket from transactions to programs, such as cost per ton or cost per hour contracts, maintenance and repair contracts, and machine exchange programs. The percentage of our aftermarket revenue under program-based contracts has been increasing, and we are moving to fleet management programs. Last year, we significantly expanded the scope of our aftermarket when we opened our first Smart Services center in South Africa to support customers in that region with remote, real­time condition monitoring, diagnostics and cutting/loading cycle optimization tools. Smart Services has delivered incremental value that is recognized by our customers, and they are now asking for Smart Services in their other

operating regions. Smart Services is giving us a significant competitive advantage, and we plan its introduction into other key markets in 2011. One of our major strategies has been investing to capitalize on the high growth potential in the emerging markets, and our 2010 results included meaningful returns from our three platforms in China. Our armored face conveyor factory and our shovel transmission factory on our Center of Manufacturing Excellence campus both continue to deliver the best performance and lowest cost in our fleet. In addition, we had record levels of order bookings of our globally branded Joy and P&H equipment from the largest mining customers in China as they continue to realize the greatest value from the world's most productive equipment. And finally, we increased the sales of longwall shearing machines made by our Wuxi Shengda business as legacy mines increase their mechanization. There is significant opportunity to continue building on our China strategy, and in 2011 we will also make our initial investments to adapt and apply our emerging market strategy to India and Russia.

1000 800

FY03 0.4

FY04 0.547

FY05 FY06 FY07 0.5288 0.5071 0.758

Life Cycle Management

FY08 FY09 0.7916 0.826

FY10 0.9872

"We significantly 600 expanded the scope 400 of our aftermarket 200 when we opened our 0 first Smart 02 03 04 05 06 Services center."

07

08

09

10

Future Revenues under Life Cycle Management Contract 2003 to 2010 (in billions)
$1.0 $0.8 $0.6 $0.4 $0.2 $0.0

03

04

05

06

07

08

09

10

2 0 1 0 Annu a l R e p o r t

3

These programs and strategies have delivered value to our customers and to our shareholders in 2010, and will serve us well in 2011. We carry forward the momentum of the programs that are improving our

"These programs and strategies have delivered value to our customers and to our shareholders in 2010, and will serve us well in 2011."

operational efficiencies and financial performance, and we are still relatively early in the journey. We have a strong balance sheet and exceptional cash generating capability, and these give us the ability to invest in the future and to capitalize on opportunities. We continue to invest in the strategies that align us with the highest growth markets, such as expanding our industry leading aftermarket and accelerating the investment in the emerging markets. In short, we look forward to the opportunities we see ahead in 2011. Sincerely,

Joy Global Inc.

Key Company Factors

Michael W. Sutherlin President and Chief Executive Officer

· Industry-leading market positions · Industry-leading aftermarket infrastructure · Financial strength
  - Strong margins, improving asset efficiency - Solid balance sheet, strong cash flow

· Managing long-term performance
   - Operational efficiency - Emerging Market Strategies - Investing in game-changing technologies

· Capitalizing on market opportunities
 - Investing capex early in the up-cycle

4

j o y G l o ba l I n c .

