joy global inc . executive leadership team :

( seated, l ­ r) Edward (Ted) Doheny II; Terry Nicola; Michael Olsen (standing, l ­ r) Sean Major; Dennis Winkleman; Mark Readinger; Michael Sutherlin

t o o ur sh a reh o ld ers
I am pleased to report that our fiscal 2008 was another year of very solid and balanced performance. Orders, revenues and earnings were at record levels.
Sales Engineer Dennis Conner is among the many reasons that Joy Mining Machinery's global sales and service network is recognized as the industry's best, providing unparalleled customer support worldwide.

Efforts to improve internal processes gained traction, and we were able to reduce our working capital investment while simultaneously growing revenues. We also continued to make significant strategic investments to enhance the future performance, quality and durability of your business. We therefore finish our fiscal 2008 with the momentum of record performance and with balance that will be important as we respond to unprecedented uncertainty in the world's economies and financial markets and their impact on the mining industry.

Results
Order bookings in fiscal 2008 reflect the strength of our markets and customer preference for Joy, P&H and Continental branded equipment. Orders were consistently strong throughout the year and were up 67% to $4.8 billion. Original equipment orders more

2 www.global-reports.com

than doubled from 2007, while aftermarket orders increased by over 26%. The latter is particularly important as we continue to prove that strong and effective aftermarket support with Life Cycle Management programs creates industryleading machine reliability. In turn, we have consistently seen that machine reliability translates into customer preference for our original equipment. This makes a strong aftermarket a key element of our proven business model. Record orders combined with capacity investments allowed us to increase revenues by 34% to a record-setting $3.4 billion. Net income grew by a similar 34% and all pre-tax measures of earnings were at record levels despite the headwinds of significant increases in steel and other raw material costs, purchase accounting charges and costs to resolve a legacy contract. Earnings per share benefitted from share repurchases during the year, and were up 37% from 2007.
Rocklyn (Rocky) Morris, Principal Tech Instructor in P&H's Knowledge & Development Group (left), and eLearning Specialist Jim Benedict (right), work together to develop instructor-led and eLearning platforms for customer training on the state-ofthe-art Centurion control system. Continental, acquired in February 2008, is a leader in the design and manufacture of highly-engineered conveyor equipment and systems for mining and industrial applications.

Investment
We delivered this strong financial performance while continuing to make significant investments in the future of our business. Earlier in the year, we acquired the conveyor business of Continental Global Group and combined it with the Stamler crusher product line to form our third division--Continental Crushing & Conveying. This enables us to provide integrated solutions incorporating all the mission-critical equipment from the mining face to the loading or processing facility. It also allows us to leverage our industry-leading aftermarket infrastructure to enhance the reliability of the entire system of cutting, loading and conveying equipment. The Continental acquisition demonstrates

3

a key strategy of acquiring integrated, highly synergistic companies that can extend the range of products and services we provide to our customers. We continue to expand our presence in China and the emerging markets because we expect these to be our fastest growing markets. On our Tianjin campus, the Joy Armored Face Conveyor components factory is producing at higher output levels with lower staffing than its predecessor factory. The P&H gearing components factory was completed earlier this past year and will be ramping up to full production during 2009. These factories not only
A Joy Mining Machinery customer in China recently began operating the world's first longwall system to be remotely operated from the head gate, aided by cameras mounted on the shearer. Pictured here are Robbie Gao, Joy China Senior Electrical Engineer (foreground) and Zhiwen Suo (facing screen) of Shendong EMC.

demonstrate our commitment to the emerging markets but also our capacity strategy of making core components in our own factories, building best-in-class processes and diversifying our manufacturing. We have also completed the acquisition of Wuxi Shengda, a Chinese manufacturer of longwall shearing machines for mid-tier, provincial mining companies. The provincial mining companies comprise a larger production volume than the state-owned companies that we have traditionally served in China. In addition, there is a great opportunity to help this new customer base to improve its technology and productivity.

Joy Mining Machinery Engineer Jennifer Yan (center) discusses portions of a longwall system's armored face conveyor with Designer Tatiana Grazhdannikova and Engineer Daniel Lowden at Joy's Moss Vale, Australia, manufacturing facility.

In addition to adding new capacity, we invested in upgrading existing operations through the implementation of our Operational Excellence programs. Operational Excellence has been a significant contributor to improved inventory efficiency in each of the facilities where it has been implemented, and we expect these results to expand as we continue to roll out this program in 2009. Inventory performance has been instrumental in improving our overall working capital efficiency. During 2008, we reduced our working capital investment by almost $200 million while growing revenues by 34%. This enabled us to increase free cash flow to 14% of revenues and helped us to improve our industry-leading return on invested capital to 37%. During 2008, we also invested in new products and services that will become important sources of

4 www.global-reports.com

future revenues. The ultra-class dragline, the in-pit crushing and conveying machine and the hard rock continuous miner are in development and will not only improve mining productivity, but they will also enable significant reductions in the emissions of mining operations. Both aspects have generated strong customer interest. We continue to invest in mining safety and in 2008 we commissioned the first fully automated longwall mining system. Contrary to the normal perception of mine safety in China, this system operates in Inner Mongolia. We also started construction of our first Smart Services center in South Africa that will deliver contracted services for remote condition monitoring, remote diagnostics and productivity analysis.
Assembler Eric Chaffin builds an All-Electric Constant Tension Winch at Continental's manufacturing facility in Winfield, Alabama. This "smart" winch adjusts to dynamic load conditions found in many complicated conveyor systems.

Outlook
We have delivered solid financial performance in 2008 while investing in our future. As a result, we are a much stronger and more focused company at the most critical time. Although the long-term outlook remains strong, the mining industry must first work through the volatility and uncertainty of the

We are a much stronger and more focused company at the most critical time.
range of possible market conditions.

current markets. As we enter 2009, we will be served well by the industry's strongest backlogs, by the process efficiency that underlies our working capital improvements and by the strength of our balance sheet. But we take nothing for granted, and continue to Backlog
(in millions)
$3000 $2500

position ourselves to deliver performance in the coming year under a wide

At the same time, we continue to be confident in the long-term fundamentals of the mining industry. The emerging markets have created a secular shift in commodity demand that is sustainable. Despite the improvement in electrification and the general standard of living over the last six years, the commodity intensity of the emerging markets continues to be only a small fraction compared to that of industrialized countries. The urbanization and the

$2000 $1500 $1000 $500 $0 04 05 06 07 08

Underground Surface

Crushing & Conveying

5

investment in infrastructure in these markets will continue until that gap is substantially narrowed. In addition, coal will continue to play a critical role in fueling base load generation of electricity for generations to come. The most optimistic estimates project renewable sources to reach only twenty percent of the power supply. The next nuclear plant is ten or more years away, and it will be decades before enough capacity is built to meaningfully increase nuclear's share of overall power generation. Coal is even more essential to achieving both climate change goals along with continued economic development. The inevitable dependence on hydrocarbons will drive the commercialization of carbon capture and storage
The P&H engineering team designs technology-based solutions such as the Centurion system-- which includes digital drives and touch-screen computers--that deliver increased performance and lower the customer's cost per unit of production.

technologies that will make coal environmentally sustainable and the most affordable fuel for electricity generation. Eighty percent of the worldwide power generating capacity that will be added in the next two decades will be built in the emerging markets, and the vast majority will be coalfired simply because coal is the abundant local fuel in these countries. The industrialized markets will also continue to depend heavily on coal, and we are already seeing this play out in Europe. Despite the commitment to climate change, new base load power generation in Europe is turning to coal. As a result, the European Union has made carbon capture and storage a primary climate change priority. Demand growth, fuel affordability and surety of supply will invariably take the U.S. down the same path. In 2008, we delivered very solid financial performance and balanced that by making strategic investments in our future. In 2009, our balanced efforts will be even more important as we face volatility and uncertainty in our markets. As a result, we remain focused on delivering near-term performance and long-term capability to maximize the value of your company. Sincerely,

Michael W. Sutherlin President and Chief Executive Officer
6 www.global-reports.com

