 Fiscal 2007 was another record year for Joy Global. Orders increased 12% to $2.9 billion, while revenues and operating earnings were up 6% and 7% at $2.5 billion and $473 million, respectively. Although this was the fifth year into the current mining up-cycle, our markets continued to strengthen, creating challenges and opportunities. We responded well to both, with solutions that also align us with our markets and position us for continued growth. Aftermarket Influences OEM Preferences  A key accomplishment in 2007 was the strong 9% increase in Aftermarket revenues. This provides stability to revenues and earnings, and reflects the importance that our customers place in Life Cycle Management.  Our equipment is mission-critical. If it is not working, our customer is not making money. The proven connection between our Aftermarket programs and equipment reliability has a significant influence on purchasing decisions for our original equipment, and makes the Aftermarket one of the most important value drivers in our business.  Our strong 2007 bookings illustrate this point. Bookings for original equipment were up over 15%, despite weakness in the U.S. coal segment, our largest market. Original equipment orders at P&H were up almost 25%, reflecting the robust conditions in all international markets and the strong preference for our equipment. Joy used the strength of its international markets to offset the weakness in U.S. coal, obtaining an impressive 9% increase in original equipment orders.
j o y g l o b a l i n c.

 Our controls and automation platforms are taking Life Cycle Management to the next level. These programs have the ability to increase machine productivity by 40% and demand is growing. In response, we are building a new Customer Care Center in South Africa, which will be able to monitor and support our machines via remote condition monitoring, remote diagnostics and productivity consulting services. Strong and Improving Markets  Internationally, our business is driven by the industrialization of the emerging markets, especially China and India. Demand for international coal, copper, iron ore and oil sands bitumen continues to outpace supply, and prices remain at or near historic highs.  We are also seeing the early stages of improvement in U.S. coal. The combination of strong export demand and the return of normal thermal coal demand have increased prices from all U.S. coal basins by 10-20% since the beginning of 2007.  U.S. coal-fueled electricity generating capacity now under construction or in late development will burn another 100 million tons of coal by 2012. Demand growth beyond 2012 is less certain, but the International Energy Agency has made it clear that greenhouse gas solutions must also address energy security and future energy supply. Coal is already the best solution for energy supply and security, and the development of coal conversion with carbon capture and storage will make
2

www.global-reports.com

it environmentally compliant. As a result, I am more confident than ever of coal's long-term outlook.  Our markets are generally better now than they have been for the past couple of years, further supporting my belief in a long mining up-cycle. The best evidence of a stronger for longer cycle is the investment plans of our customers, who continue to expand. Projects are also moving from brown field to green field, which are larger, involve multiple machines and provide a longer-term view of the markets ahead. Increasing Capacity to Meet Demand  As a result of this market view, we continue to invest in both manufacturing capacity and field service capability. Our strategy is to expand close to our key markets, build incremental capacity in low-cost countries, and keep core capacity in our own factories while outsourcing lower value-added work. Although this takes more time and effort and adds to the challenges of running P&H at full capacity, this strategy is an essential investment because it puts us in the best position to efficiently serve our future markets.  In 2007, we completed Joy's first factory on our Tianjin, China, campus, and moved production of armored face conveyor pans from the UK to China. We expanded P&H's gearing factory in Milwaukee and started construction on a second gearing factory for P&H in Tianjin. We also opened a manufacturing and service facility in Poland and started a new service center in the Hunter Valley of Australia. Recently,
3

we approved a third gearing and transmission factory for P&H, which will be our third major facility in China and the second for P&H. Digging Deeper, Reaching Farther  Both Joy and P&H continued to deliver strong, industryleading financial performance in 2007. P&H used its 35% operating leverage to increase its operating profit margin to over 19%. Joy maintained a 20% operating profit margin as its international markets offset a decline of one-third in U.S. original equipment revenues.  In summary, we enter 2008 with all of our international markets strong and still improving, and with signs of recovery in U.S. coal. We continue to deliver industryleading financial performance, and are making prudent and efficient capacity investments to ensure that our customers will have their preferred choice of equipment in the years to come.  We are digging deeper and reaching farther, extending our leadership in technology, operational excellence and financial performance to increase the value of your company.

Michael W. Sutherlin President and Chief Executive Officer
20 07 annual report

