                                          NORDSTROM, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 25
 Dear Shareholders,
 The 1999 fiscal year was one of transition for Nordstrom, designed to position us to compete successfully in the future.Transition was, and is, necessary. Competition has never been more intense, whether from specialty retailers or big-box department stores. Our industry is consolidating, making existing competitors even more formidable.Additionally, the playing field is expanding to include new ways of reaching customers.This letter and the accompanying annual report will highlight the progress made during the year and outline our plans for the future.
New stores propel sales growth.
Our sales growth was fueled by the opening of full-line stores in Norfolk,Virginia; Providence, Rhode Island; Mission Viejo, California; and Columbia, Maryland; plus three new Rack stores, and the relocation of our Spokane Nordstrom and Alderwood Rack stores into new, larger facilities.We are well positioned for future growth.There are a number of attractive markets with- in the United States that we have not yet penetrated, or in which we are not fully represented.
We added 6.6 percent to our stores’ gross square foot- age in 1999, and expect upper single-digit percentage growth annually over the next several years. Our com- parable store sales in 1999 declined 1.1 percent. In
JOHN WHITACRE, Chairman & CEO
recent years we had allowed inventory levels to expand at a rate in excess of our growth in sales, and have taken steps to better align these two measures.While some of the shortfall in sales was offset by improvements achieved in gross margin, we fully recognize the need to generate sales growth from existing stores — as well as from new stores. However, we want to ensure that it is quality sales growth, and later in this letter I’ll describe several initiatives directed to accomplish this.
Streamlined structure strengthens buying process.
In 1999 we realigned the buying structure to promote clarity and accountability, to gain increased leverage in market, and to facilitate stronger partnerships with ven- dors through fewer and more focused points of con- tact.We want our most experienced merchants to have the greatest influence over our merchandise buying decisions. Our aim is to quickly take advantage of emerging national trends, while maintaining awareness of local competitive factors and customer preference.
New subsidiary expands Internet presence.
In fall of 1999 we formed a subsidiary company called nordstrom.com, which consists of our catalog and e-commerce businesses. Since the Web site was launched in October of 1998, it has evolved significant- ly in terms of its look, ease of navigation, and the
      
                                              26 NORDSTROM, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
merchandise offered.We believe we have the brand, tech- nology, strategic alliances and people to become leaders in online apparel retailing, and that the timing is right for us to aggressively expand in this growing channel.We also believe it is complementary to our traditional, store- based business and will enhance and broaden the power of our brand. Our subsidiary’s first major project, nordstromshoes.com, emerged as the world’s biggest shoe store, offering millions of pairs of shoes for sale online. We are pleased with the sales performance thus far, and look forward to continuing to expand this channel as we seek to be wherever our customers want us to be.
“There are risks and costs to a program of action. But they are far less than the long-range risks and costs of comfortable inaction.” — JOHN F. KENNEDY
Key Initiatives.
We are focused on several key initiatives that we believe will have significant and long-term impacts on our business:
• Improving our merchandise
• Building our brand
• Strengtheningourinformationresourcesandprocesses
Reinvigorating women’s business with better merchandise.
While each key initiative is vitally important, nothing is as critical as ensuring that we have the right merchandise — in the right quantities, sizes, styles and colors — in every one of our stores. Our initial focus is on women’s merchandise, which represents the largest single category for us and also has been our greatest challenge in recent years. Specifically, we want to reinvigorate our women’s business by injecting more fashion into the mix.
Fashion transcends age and cuts across all segments of women’s merchandise.With classic styles, it can be time- less fashion; with mainstream styles, it’s everyday fashion; with modern styles, it’s contemporary fashion; and with forward styles, it’s cutting-edge fashion.The point is that in each of these segments, our objective is to have an updated, fresh and evolving collection of merchandise that represents more of what our customers want to buy.
“Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.” — BOOKER T. WASHINGTON
Building a world-class brand.
To a great extent, our brand is the “Nordstrom shopping experience” — defined primarily through our people and products.We want to couple the right merchandise with compelling presentation as we strive to deliver a sat- isfying, unforgettable experience for our customers. Through improved in-store signage, merchandise and window displays, and other visual aids, we also want to make our stores easier and more fun to shop.
  
Part of our brand includes our communication with customers. We hope you enjoyed the national television spots we ran in launching NORDSTROMshoes.com in November of 1999, and more recently, the national media campaign and other promotional activities for our full-line stores.As we invite our customers to reinvent themselves, we want to convey the message that change is positive, and accepting some level of risk can be rewarding.
Better technology enables better service.
Our effort to strengthen our information resources rep- resents a major step forward. Over time, our people will have the necessary tools to better perform our customer- intensive style of retailing. Whether it’s information needed in developing more effective partnerships with our vendors, moving merchandise more quickly from point of manufacture to the sales floor, or responding more quickly to sales trends and retaining better balance in inventory levels, our ultimate objective is to better serve our customers.
“We must recognize the full human equality of all our people.” — ROBERT F. KENNEDY
People build our future.
As you can sense, there is a lot going on at Nordstrom. Much of the work is long-term in nature, designed to deliver enduring benefits. None of it is easy, but all of it is necessary in order for Nordstrom to compete and win in the years ahead.
Simply stated, we want to be better. We’re proud of our 99-year heritage of striving to provide outstanding serv- ice to every customer. We’re proud of our people, who are the lifeblood of our company and the vital link between our products and our customers. During 1999 we were honored to be included among:
• Fortunemagazine’s“100BestCompaniestoWork For in America”
• WorkingWoman’s“Top25Companiesfor Executive Women”
• Fortune’s“50BestWorkplacesforBlacks,Asians, and Hispanics”
Yet we cannot stand still. Our goal is to achieve total shareholder return among the top quartile of our peers, and that requires that we continue to build — stores, systems, capabilities and people. The 21st century is sure to bring new opportunities for growth. As we expand, the key will be to impart a distinct, consistent message across all channels, in every customer interaction, that is uniquely one Nordstrom.
Thank you for your continued support as we work to better serve our customers, employees, communities and shareholders.
Sincerely,
John Whitacre
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                                              NORDSTROM, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 27
