              DeAR customeRs, employees AnD shAReholDeRs,
As a customer-driven business, we aspire to continually improve the level of service we offer. Customers have always had choices, but today they have more options, better information and are in a stronger position to dictate their shopping experience. At the same time, the pace of change is accelerating and expectations around service continue to rise. this changing landscape represents a terrific opportunity for Nordstrom, as it closely aligns with our culture of service and ongoing efforts to take care of customers on their terms.
2011 was a watershed year — both in terms of our results and the strides we made toward our goal of becoming our customers’ retailer of choice. here are some of the highlights:
• Achieved a new record for net sales at $10.5 billion, a 12.7% increase over our previous high last year.
• Delivered a 7.2% increase in same-store sales.
• Increased sales in Direct by 29.5%, which is reflective of how many customers want to shop and the significant growth potential online.
• Surpassed $2.0 billion in net sales for Nordstrom Rack.
• Finished the year with $1.9 billion in cash, putting us in a stronger position to continue investing in the customer experience.
• Maintained our historically high levels for inventory turn and regular-price sell through — both important measures of our success as merchants.
• Added more than 850,000 new Fashion Rewards® members, bringing our total number of active members to over 2.6 million.
We continue to believe that the service experience we offer our customers and the trust we seek to build with them are the most important drivers of our financial success. As a result, we’re investing more heavily to enhance this experience, particularly through e-commerce, technology and personalization, as these are increasingly important to the customer’s definition of service. this is a multi-year journey, but we made significant progress over the past year by building on the cornerstones of our customer-driven strategy.
the store experience
the foundation of our company is personalized service and the one-on-one interactions that take place with customers every day in our stores. our stores remain critical to our service reputation and nothing can replace the human connection that our salespeople create with customers. At the same time, we also recognize that our customers value speed, convenience and a technology-enabled shopping experience.
our Personal Stylists are indicative of the relationships we want to have with our customers and set the example for how to take care of all our customers’ needs. In 2011 we made significant progress in connecting more of our customers to our best salespeople. We completed the rollout of our Personal Stylist program to all our full-line stores and nearly doubled the number of stylists over the previous year to more than 1,300 companywide.
In early 2011 we began offering e-receipts as an added convenience for our customers who prefer a paperless option. We then introduced roughly 6,000 handheld devices with mobile checkout and inventory look-up functionality, as well as approximately 1,300 tablets, to better enable our salespeople to take care of the customer anywhere in the store. We’re now in the process of introducing richer functionality and additional mobile capabilities for the customer.
We’re encouraged by our growth opportunities in existing and new markets, including our full-line store opening just last month at City Creek Center in Salt lake City. It’s also critical that our 117 full-line stores stay current and relevant. We have a robust remodel schedule for 2012 and beyond to keep our full-line and rack stores up-to-date and enhance the overall store experience.
  the fou
“
ndation of our company is
personalized service ... ”
       
            online Growth
While our stores are the core of our business, we have high ambitions online. this is the fastest-growing part of our business and we’re working to better define service through e-commerce. We’re taking a number of steps to become more relevant to customers by improving the value, selection, convenience and experience we offer online.
As an example, we introduced everyday free shipping and free returns last year to be more responsive to how customers want to shop online. We also made headway in getting merchandise to the customer’s door faster, including shortening our standard delivery time frame by one to two days on average.
We introduced our shopping app during the year to give customers better functionality and a more convenient way to shop. our app represented our first attempt at mobile personalization. We look forward to upgrading these and other capabilities to create a more interactive and engaging mobile experience for our customers.
Additionally, the hautelook acquisition we shared with you last year at this time has enabled us to take part in the rapidly growing private sale marketplace. through this partnership, we’re able to leverage hautelook’s speed, innovation and capabilities to help us learn and connect with more customers online.
merchandising
Giving good service starts with having the product that our customers want. We follow a customer-centric merchandising strategy at Nordstrom, as opposed to a brand-, product- or price-driven strategy. For some time now, our customers have been responding favorably to newness and a steady flow of fresh product into our stores. our ability to create excitement through the very best fashion the market has to offer is a credit to our buying team and the great relationships we enjoy with our vendors.
At the same time, we need to stay curious and try new things to be relevant to more customers. Whether it’s partnering more closely with top brands, testing new concepts in our women’s and kids’ areas, opening treasure&bond as a stand-alone charitable store concept in New York City, or other efforts to create a more compelling offering — we’re going to continue to be aggressive about fashion and staying close to the customer.
nordstrom Rack
We’ve been in the off-price business for nearly 40 years. however it’s only been over the last five years that we’ve focused more intently on growing the rack and more effectively responding to customers in off-price. the rack is an important part of our total offering and a strong contributor to the business.
During the past three fiscal years, we’ve opened 51 Nordstrom rack stores in top markets across the country, and the response to our newest rack stores has been tremendous. In 2012 we will add 15 new rack stores and relocate three existing racks nationwide.
looking Ahead
overall, we’re pleased by the progress we made in 2011. We are incredibly grateful to our people for their dedication to the customer and for putting us in a position of strength. As we continue to evolve as a company, we’re staying true to our core values and principles around service, integrity and trust with the customer that have defined our success over the years. looking ahead, we’re encouraged by the many doors that are open to us and new opportunities we have to provide better service, earn more of our customers’ business and further accelerate our growth.
on behalf of everyone at Nordstrom, thank you for your ongoing support. Sincerely,
blake W. Nordstrom Peter E. Nordstrom Erik b. Nordstrom
President, Nordstrom, Inc. President of merchandising, Nordstrom, Inc. President of Stores, Nordstrom, Inc.
     giving goo
“
d service starts with having the product that
our customers want. ”
       