            Dear Customers, Employees and Shareholders,
At Nordstrom, nothing is more important than the connection between our salespeople and customers. For this relationship to flourish, our customers must believe we are sincere in our desire to make their shopping experience as enjoyable and rewarding as possible. And our folks on front lines must feel that they are empowered to not only meet, but exceed our customers’ expectations.
Over the past 12 months, we have made significant progress in our goal to regain the trust and goodwill of these two key groups. As we’ve increased our focus on the front lines, we have also reviewed many of our operating procedures and practices to make sure our time and energy are well spent — all while building upon the core values that define our culture and differentiate our position in the marketplace.
I’ve highlighted some of our more noteworthy accomplishments below.
• We’ve worked to clarify the offering in each of our lifestyle departments, making it easier for customers to find the items that appeal to them, while providing more balance to our overall merchandise mix.
• We’ve improved on getting the right item, at the right time, at the right price in each of these departments, which is helping to drive volume.
• We’ve finished testing and begun implementation of our Perpetual Inventory system, a vital merchandising tool that will provide us with information to make smarter decisions throughout the selling process, and better serve our customers.
• We’ve streamlined back-of-the-house operations, saving valuable time and effort, while also helping us achieve significant reductions in our overall costs.
There is no doubt that none of these things would have been possible without the focus and dedication of our entire team. Through their efforts, we believe we are getting back on track regarding what it is that makes Nordstrom unique and special. But we realize there is still more work to be done. Obviously, these are challenging times, and consumers have many choices when it comes to spending their hard- earned money. At Nordstrom, we need to make sure that we are providing real, tangible reasons why they might choose to shop with us. We must continue to hone our listening skills, and maintain a sense of urgency when responding to our customers’ needs. I’m confident we’re doing just that.
      Sincerely,
Blake W. Nordstrom
 PRESIDENT
                    20200324 NORDSTROM
2001 Annual Report • VERSION
8.375 x 10.875 • SCITEX • 175 lpi • Kodak 80# Cougar
Varn pms 8002
Cyan Mag Yelo Blk
       Full Color + metalic 8002 +varnish
PAGE 08
           