To Our Share Owners
As we enter our 100th year, I believe the foundation of Kellogg Company is strong. Our heritage, and focus on health and wellness, are highly relevant to consumers today. There is no doubt in my mind that Mr. Kellogg would be very proud of this wonderful, thriving company and the thousands of dedicated Kellogg and earnings per share growth for the fourth consecutive year; we gained share in the U.S. ready-to-eat cereal category for the sixth consecutive year; and we held or gained category share in nine of our ten focus businesses outside the U.S. This broadbased growth gives us confidence for the future and proves the viability Revenue Growth. In 2005, we posted reported revenue growth of six percent. Our long-term internal revenue growth target is for low single-digit growth. Internal revenue growth, which excludes the effect of foreign currency translation, acquisitions, divestitures, and differences in the number of shipping days, was

"Our strategy is aimed at providing sustainable rates of performance for the foreseeable future."

employees who, over the years, believed in and nurtured his vision and were guided and inspired by his values. It is a deep privilege for me to work for Kellogg Company. With The Tiger Inside and driving us, I have every confidence that our 26,000 employees and our board of directors will continue our success and will deliver sustainable, dependable growth. Our performance in 2005 was the strongest since we implemented our focused strategy. In fact, we met or exceeded all of our long-term targets: we exceeded our targets for revenue

of our strategy, operating principles, and business model. In 2005, we made significant investment in brand building, innovation, and cost-saving initiatives, which provide us ongoing visibility. RELIABLE GROWTH We manage our Company for the long-term and having realistic performance targets is a core component of our business model. In fact, these targets provide us the flexibility necessary to make significant investments in the business and are crucial to our continued success.

also six percent. Both of these results were significantly greater than our targets and are testament to the strength of our brand-building campaigns, the excellent new products introduced during the year, and flawless execution by our employees.

2

Operating Profit Growth. We continuously focus on profitable revenue growth; our long-term target is for mid single-digit internal operating profit growth. We achieved this goal and posted five percent growth in 2005 despite increased investment in future growth and significantly higher input costs which affected the entire industry.

and only through continuous cash flow growth can a company generate increasing value. That is why one of our core operating principles, Manage for Cash, focuses the entire organization on maximizing cash flow. In 2005, we generated $769 million of cash flow including contributions to benefit plans of approximately $400

we repurchased $664 million of our shares in 2005 and we have a $650 million repurchase authorization for 2006. Share Owner Return. We have had excellent success over the last five years and this has been reflected in our share price. The total return to

Earnings Growth. Our long-term target is for earnings per share to increase at a high single-digit rate. We exceeded this goal again in 2005 and posted ten percent growth; this was the fourth consecutive year of double-digit earnings per share growth. This performance primarily resulted from strong revenue growth, a focus on cost-containment, lower interest expense, a lower tax rate, and fewer shares outstanding. Cash Flow. Cash flow is the ultimate measure of a company's success

million, which was approximately $200 million more than in 2004. This amount of cash flow provides us with significant financial flexibility. Since 2001, we have paid down approximately $2 billion of the debt taken on to fund the Keebler acquisition. In recent years we have shifted our focus from debt repayment alone, to a balance between debt reduction and other uses of cash flow. As a result, in 2005, we also increased the dividend for the first time in four years and increased the share repurchase program. In fact,

investors since the end of 2000 has been approximately 90%, or a 14% compound annual growth rate, significantly greater than the industry's four percent compound annual growth rate. The Company's total return in 2005 of negative one percent was dramatically greater than the average return of the entire industry, measured by the S&P Packaged Food index, which declined by eight percent. So, our total return, again, far exceeded the industry average.

3

THE TIGER INSIDE Organizational focus is one of Kellogg Company's competitive advantages. We operate in only a few categories and we know them well. We recognize that share owners do not need or want us to diversify for them; they want us to maximize the value of our Company through

globally and responds well to news in the form of either innovation or brand building. We define brand building as advertising and consumer promotion, or any activity that adds to the desirability of the brand. It does not include price-related promotions, discounts, or coupons, as these activities, while they may drive

innovation. For example, our Kashi brand posted strong double-digit growth in revenues in 2005. We also introduced new products such as Cran-Vanilla Crunch and Toasted Honey Crunch, which joined the successful Raisin Bran Crunch brand in the U.S. and All-Bran became our fastest growing global brand as a result

"To this end, a few years ago we adopted a simple strategy which keeps us focused on the right metrics and categories: grow our cereal business, expand our snack business, and pursue selected growth opportunities."

superior execution and the generation of consistent, dependable rates of growth. To this end, a few years ago we adopted a strategy which keeps us focused on the right metrics and categories: grow our cereal business, expand our snack business, and pursue selected growth opportunities. Grow Our Cereal Business. More than half of Kellogg Company's annual revenue comes from the readyto-eat cereal category. We have to win in this important category if the Company is to succeed. Fortunately, the cereal category is growing

volume gains in the short-term, do not add to the value of the brand or generate sustainable category share gains. We performed very well in cereal categories around the world in 2005 and we gained share in nine of our ten focus businesses including the U.S., the U.K., Canada, and Mexico. These businesses represent more than 80% of sales outside the U.S. In many others, where we have significantly greater category share than our nearest competitors, we benefited from very strong category growth. In all of the regions we generated sales growth through our focus on

of strong innovation including All-Bran Flakes with Yoghurt in the U.K. and in various other countries. Brand building is also a very important driver of sales growth and we made significant investment in compelling advertising and consumer promotion around the world in 2005. We also continued to encourage the transfer of proven ideas from one Kellogg business to another. For example, the Special K two-week challenge, which encourages consumers to eat Special K cereal twice a day for two weeks, has been very successfully adapted by many of our businesses

4

around the world. This program, which was developed in Venezuela, helped Special K become our largest global brand and added to sales growth in 2005. We also extended this concept into an All-Bran twoweek challenge which has been a real global success accompanied by powerful advertising campaigns. Using

snack business is a logical extension of our cereal business as many of our cereal brands travel easily into snack categories around the world. So, while the cost synergies are obvious, we have benefited in many other ways from the combination of these complementary businesses. The global snack business had another

Europe to Latin America to the U.S. to Australia. We remain very pleased with the excellent growth posted by our snack businesses and see significant potential for further development, expansion, and growth. Pursue Selected Growth Opportunities. The final part of our strategy is to

concepts that have been developed in different regions helps reduce the time to market and increases the possibility of success. Cereal remains a growth category with strong economics and is a priority for the Company; we are encouraged by our prospects for 2006 and the years to come. Expand Our Snack Business. Our global snack business is also a very important part of the Company. We expanded the scale of this business a few years ago and have worked very hard recently to drive sales growth and improve profitability. Expansion of the

very successful year in 2005 after an equally strong 2004. We continued to focus on the right metrics. In all of the snack businesses, as with cereal, innovation, brand building, and sales execution are of primary importance. For example, All-Bran bars proved to be an on-trend innovation that continues to post strong sales growth around the world. This product was an excellent idea that was developed in Mexico and that has become a success in many other countries. In addition, Special K bars have been a significant driver of that brand's growth around the world, from

pursue selected growth opportunities. We do not believe that the Company needs to make a transformational acquisition to remain competitive. Rather, we believe that most large acquisitions can dilute focus and can be a distraction. For these reasons, we look to invest capital in small complementary acquisitions that add to, and can benefit from, our existing competencies and brand orientation. For example, during 2005, we purchased a fruit snacks plant in Chicago. We entered the fruit snacks business in the U.S. in early 2004 and quickly gained the number two category share position.
5

Purchasing production capabilities has improved the margin structure and has allowed us considerably more flexibility in the innovation process. This is a very attractive, high-return use of capital and we intend to pursue similar opportunities in the future.

and it benefits both the individual and the Company's results. Consequently, we initiated a process in 2005 designed to strengthen the entire organization. Learning and Development. Through our performance review

from experts in subjects as diverse as category management, innovation, and corporate finance. We also added new affinity groups as a further development opportunity for employees. In addition to the Kellogg African American Resource

"We continued to focus on improvement, we generated sales growth and increasing profitability which provided the flexibility to make greater investments in future growth."

The Employer of Choice. Having a direct and workable strategy is simply not enough. We have to focus constantly on our employees and their development. As a result, in 2005, we devoted far more time and increased resources to make Kellogg Company the employer of choice. We increased our already strong commitment to diversity and inclusion in 2005. This improvement was a direct result of increasing investment and our focus on the process. Improving the cohesion of our team of employees is an ongoing process

process, each employee is challenged to improve their skills and develop new strengths. We recognize that this process is a marathon, not a sprint, and are committed to the long-term success of the program. Improving the corporate identity through inclusion, the formation of affinity groups, and extensive training is a multi-year program. Corporate sponsorship of internal and external training opportunities received far greater attention in 2005 through such programs as the Career Development Week. This program, which was open to all employees, provided internal training

Group, Women of Kellogg, and the Young Professionals, we supported the formation of the Kellogg Multinational Employee Resource Group, and ¡HOLA!, the Latino Employee Resource Group in 2005. These groups provide additional training and networking opportunities and exposure to all parts of the organization. Growth. We have spent a considerable amount of time aligning the development of our employees to the growth strategy of the organization. Expansion into related

6

categories, new product development, and geographical expansion all require additional skills and expertise. Having a process which stresses individual development enables us to capitalize on any growth opportunities as they arise without straining the organization.

A number of years ago, we made some significant changes to the way we run the Company. We adopted realistic targets, operating principles that concentrated on profitable revenue growth and cash flow, and a focused strategy for growth. As we continued to focus on improvement,

stronger and better positioned. The core of the leadership team that engineered our success remains unchanged. They, and all 26,000 Kellogg employees around the world, remain committed to our values and the successful execution of our operating principles

In addition, we initiated a Leadership Development program in 2005. Simplification. Simplification is one of our core corporate values. Making the development process understandable and easy to utilize was an essential step. In 2005, we made significant progress in streamlining processes across regions and providing easy access to resources for all employees. While we are pleased with our progress, we remain committed to making continual improvement.

we generated sales growth and increasing profitability which provided the flexibility to make greater investments in future growth. These are processes that have evolved but that remain as relevant today as they were then. Over this period, we have faced considerable cost inflation and competitive environments around the world and have still managed to meet, and in many cases exceed, our long-term targets. So, as we consider the future, we remain encouraged and confident. We made some difficult decisions and the Company has emerged

and strategy. We believe that it is this dedication that will drive dependable, sustainable rates of growth in the future and that makes Kellogg Company an attractive long-term investment. We hope you agree and thank you for your continued support.

James M. Jenness Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer
7

