Dear Shareowners,
As we reflect on the rich history of our wonderful company, we are struck by its transition from humble beginnings to the multi-national manufacturer and marketer of branded foods it is today. As a result of this transition, we have strong businesses in growing categories and attractive regions of the world. However, despite this, 2011 was a year of contrasts for the company and we are not satisfied with this recent performance. Sales were very strong, exceeding our long-term targets for growth, and we maintained or increased our share positions in many of the categories and regions in which we compete. However, operating profit declined, reflecting a significant increase in the cost of our ongoing supply-chain program and continued high cost inflation.

John A. Bryant President and Chief Executive Officer jim jenness Chairman of the Board

In recent years we focused too little on innovating and the related increase in brand building, two things that drive not only our businesses, but also the categories in which we compete. We began to address this situation in 2010 and saw dramatic improvement in the quality of our sales growth in 2011, driven primarily by innovation. While we are encouraged by this sales performance, we faced another year of exceptionally high commodity inflation, which lowered margins and, consequently, operating profit and earnings. In addition, during 2011, we increased the scale of our pre-existing supply-chain-improvement program

expanding the review to all our North American production facilities. This led us to increase the estimated cost of the program by $70 million in 2011; this level of investment will be maintained in 2012. While we recognize that this is a significant amount to invest in the supply-chain organization, we place great value in the trust of our consumers. Therefore, while expanding the cost of the program required us to lower estimates for profit and earnings in 2011, we feel strongly that it is the right thing to do for the long-term health of the business.

In 2011 we made progress rebuilding the foundation upon which we can grow. We view 2011 and 2012 as transition years and we are investing in the right areas to drive future, sustainable growth.

Brands You Love. Foods That Delight. It is with the company's history in mind that we developed our vision statement. This statement, To enrich and delight the world through foods and brands that matter, is intended to capture the essence of our history while providing a direction for the future.

2

Kellogg Company 2011 annual report

Kellogg Company has always sought to provide foods that are enjoyable and nutritious and we are as committed to this today as Mr. Kellogg was more than 100 years ago. However, we also recognize that consumers seek different things from different brands. As a result, today we offer a broad range of products. From the natural Kashi brand to the fun and excitement of Pop-Tarts, we are meeting the desires of consumers every day. Of course, equally important is gaining and maintaining the trust of consumers. We at Kellogg Company know that brands and companies are continually evaluated by consumers and we are always striving to deserve their trust... by providing foods and brands that matter.

Operating Principles Producing foods that delight is important, but how we achieve this goal is also important. At Kellogg Company we follow two basic operating principles.

Dedication to

BRAND BUILDING
Our brands matter, both to consumers and to the strength of our business. So in 2011 we again focused on our brand building and laid plans to continue these efforts in 2012 and beyond. Brand building will continue to fuel our strong commercial plans, improve our business momentum, and go far in supporting our exciting innovation.

Sustainable Growth Our Sustainable Growth operating principle is at the heart of all we do. The execution of this principle is what has driven our success in the past and it is what will continue to drive our success in the future. At the core of the Sustainable Growth operating principle is the consumer. We focus on exciting consumers and meeting their needs in a way that provides attractive returns

GROW INTERNAL NET SALES

GROW GROSS PROFIT DOLLARS / MARGIN INCREASE RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL OVERHEAD DISCIPLINE

GROW NET EARNINGS

IMPROVE PRICE / MIX

SUSTAINABLE GROWTH (V2V)

MANAGE FOR CASH

DISCIPLINED CORE WORKING CAPITAL

DRIVE INNOVATION

GROW BRAND BUILDING

IMPROVE FINANCIAL FLEXIBILITY

PRIORITIZE CAPITAL EXPENDITURE

Investment Early on, Mr. Kellogg recognized that the success of his company was dependent on investment in two important areas: people and brands. He realized that the company's future depended on those who shared his vision and he made considerable investment in their welfare. We continue to believe that Kellogg Company's employees are our greatest asset and we remain committed to their growth and development. Second, Mr. Kellogg believed in brands. He believed that they should be protected and grown via investment; only then would they help him realize his vision. The longevity of his company, and its brands, is a testament to both his purpose and beliefs.

to the business. We recognize that we can only achieve these goals through investment in both brand building, which we define as advertising and consumer-oriented promotion, not price discounting, and innovation. Innovation is extremely important as we continually strive to delight consumers. Fortunately, we have a long history of successful innovation and we know that continuing this trend will require constant investment and an understanding of consumer preferences. We strive to launch new products and brands that will generate improvement in mix, which provides higher profit than the average, or

of the product being replaced. We provide value to the consumer through the introduction of products in new flavors, in new varieties, or with improved nutritional profiles, which, in turn, allows us to realize more profit from the product. We have excellent developmental resources in our W.K. Kellogg Institute (WKKI) in Battle Creek, and in our businesses around the world. In 2011, Kellogg Company invested an amount equal to approximately one-and-a-half percent of total revenues in research and development. All this investment drives significant sales growth; however, this investment is only a part of

Kellogg Company 2011 annual report

3

our activity. We also have an aggressive open-innovation program which has led to the introduction of such successful new products as Special K Cracker Chips. In fact, the company generated more than $800 million of sales from new products introduced in 2011 and we expect even more in 2012. Brand building provides another important means of investing in the business. It helps to improve the health of existing brands and lends support during the launch of new brands or products. Therefore, we are committed to increasing the effectiveness of our investment every year and, over the long term, to increasing our investment at a rate equal to or greater than the rate of sales growth. For example,

great brands. The company invested more than nine percent of sales in advertising in 2011 and our plans are for a significant increase in the dollar value of the investment again in 2012. Investment is very important and we will invest adequately in the businesses. However, we aim to increase overhead expenses at a rate lower than the sales growth rate by better leveraging our resources and further empowering our employees. Investment in brand building and innovation leads to increased sales and the mix improvement referred to previously. This, in turn, leads to increased gross profit and increased gross profit margin in a normalized

cash we have committed to working capital. We seek to minimize the value of receivables and inventories and work with our suppliers to negotiate mutually advantageous terms that will improve payables. We have done well reducing our working capital over the years from a high of more than 11 percent of sales in 2001 to less than seven percent of sales in 2011. Despite this improvement, we do believe that there are additional benefits to be had and we will focus on capturing these in 2012 and beyond. In addition to limiting working capital, we also remain committed to maintaining levels of capital expenditure. We expect our average expenditure to be approximately three to four percent

An Appetite for

innovation
Knowing innovation is one of the ways we win sustainably in the marketplace, in 2011 we strengthened our innovation program to drive top-line results. The result: we achieved our $800 million innovation sales target and led the way to some great successes in every category, from Special K Cracker Chips, Crunchy Nut cereal, and Eggo Thick & Fluffy waffles to Mini Max, All Bran Golden Crunch, and Krave cereals, just to name a few.
Magnimoluptam receratatum qui idunt, ommodistio comnihicti veriamet ea ipsa Pedis simus enis rent elendi voluptam que consequid que nis sin et explaute la aut repreperio to tempor aut eos ad que pres reprovid.

in 2011, we ran a very successful advertising campaign in support of Frosted Flakes in the U.S., which helped to drive strong sales growth in a brand that is more than 60 years old. Conversely, we also supported new products such as Special K Cracker Chips in the U.S. and Mini Max in the United Kingdom and both have posted strong initial sales as a result. As a company, Kellogg invests more in brand building, measured as a percentage of sales, than any other company in our peer group. This is partially a result of the nature of the categories in which we compete, but it is also a result of our commitment to building

inflationary environment. Finally, this increased profit provides the means for the company to increase its investment in innovation and brand building in the following period. We realize that only adherence to this virtuous cycle will drive the company's profit and loss statement over the long term.

Manage for Cash The second, but equally important, operating principle is Manage for Cash. This principle ensures that as we target increased sales and profit we also remain focused on the generation of cash flow. Beginning with increased net earnings, we strive to limit the

4

Kellogg Company 2011 annual report

of sales. While this amount will vary from year to year, and will be greater in 2012, we believe that our targeted level of investment will provide us with the capital necessary to support our business and fund projects and products that will provide an acceptable return. We use some of the cash generated annually to pay the dividend, the yield on which remains attractive. In fact, Kellogg Company has paid a dividend every year for the past 87 years. This represents both our commitment to returning cash to shareowners and our confidence in the continuing strength of the business.

In addition to paying the dividend, we also use cash to keep our debt at targeted levels and repurchase shares on a regular basis. We are currently in the final year of our current, threeyear share repurchase program which allows us to repurchase up to $2.5 billion of shares in aggregate. These actions are largely designed to increase the company's cash flow or reduce the amount of capital employed in the business. For this reason, we expect that, over time, our return on invested capital will increase in years of normalized inflation; this has been the case over the past ten years and will remain a focus for us in the future.

resulted primarily from the continuing high levels of commodity inflation faced by the industry, increased incentive-compensation costs, and the cost of the supply-chain project detailed earlier. However, in aggregate, the individual business units posted very good underlying growth. While we are not happy with this year's operating-profit growth, we are primarily concerned with the long-term health of the business and believe that we have taken the right actions in 2011 to ensure improvement in the future. Earnings Per Share Growth. Currencyneutral earnings per share were unchanged in 2011; this was entirely due to the shortfall in the growth of

TM

Review of Operations in 2011 Revenue Growth. We posted reported revenue growth of six percent in 2011; internal net sales growth, which excludes any impact from acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange, was approximately four-and-a-half percent. This result exceeded our long-term internal sales growth target of three-to-four percent and reflects our continued focus on introducing innovative products and investing in brand building. Operating Profit Growth. The company posted a decline in internal operating profit of three percent in 2011. This was below our long-term target of mid single-digit internal growth and

operating profit. However, the results benefited from the significant amount of shares repurchased. Our long-term goal remains to increase currencyneutral earnings per share at a high single-digit rate. Cash Flow. Our entire organization remains focused on the generation of cash flow. In 2011, we reported cash flow, after capital expenditures, of slightly more than $1 billion. Our priorities for the use of cash remain: to fund the dividend; to maintain targeted levels of debt; to fund share repurchases; and to allow us to pursue complementary acquisitions. In fact, Kellogg Company has returned a total of $6 billion to shareowners via
Kellogg Company 2011 annual report 5

TM

dividends and share repurchases over the last five years, and net debt, which is debt less cash, remains relatively unchanged at $5.6 billion. North American Cereal. The North American Cereal business posted internal net sales growth of four percent in 2011. We gained six-tenths of a point of U.S. cereal category share in 2011 and we are the category leader, accounting for 33.6% of sales.* Frosted Flakes performed well as the result of a successful advertising campaign and the recently launched Crunchy Nut and Special K Oats and Honey products both gained good share positions in their year of introduction.* While we were pleased with the innovation

Our equally popular Pop-Tarts brand also gained more than two points of category share in 2011 as Mini-Crisps, Rainbow Cookie, and Ice Cream Shoppe Hot Fudge all did well.* Importantly, Pop-Tarts accounts for 86% share of the toaster-pastry category.* Although our share declined marginally in the cookie category, the Keebler brand, a particular focus for us, posted increased sales and category share gains in 2011.* Finally, our wholesome snack business posted good rates of sales growth, partially as the result of growth posted by both the Special K and Fiber Plus brands.*

The Morningstar Farms veggie foods business did well in a category that continues to grow at a mid single-digit rate. New Morningstar Farms Corn Dogs added to the business' success in 2011 and more innovation is planned. Europe. Our European business posted an internal sales decline of one percent in 2011. Our Russian business met expectations as we continued the process of transitioning from the sale of primarily bulk, unbranded products to branded, value-added products. Despite the economic turmoil in Continental Europe during 2011, some of our businesses there, including France and Italy, continued to post solid rates of growth. However, in the United Kingdom, our largest business in Europe, internal net

TM

launched in 2011 and its contribution to sales growth, we recognize that we can do even more in 2012. North American Snacks. The North American Snacks business also had a very good year in 2011. Internal net sales increased by five percent, driven by both new products and growth in core brands. Special K Cracker Chips performed exceptionally well in its first year and we have new flavors planned for introduction in 2012. In addition, our iconic Cheez-It brand had another great year. Cheez-It is now one of the category's biggest sellers and gained share again in 2011.*

North American Frozen and Specialty Channels. The North American Frozen and Specialty Channels business posted internal net sales growth of ten percent in 2011. After production disruptions in recent years, the Eggo waffle brand posted sales growth in excess of 20 percent for the year. Significantly, Eggo's share of the waffle category has returned to all-time highs of almost 70 percent.* The business launched successful innovation in 2011 including Thick and Fluffy Eggo waffles and we have even more exciting new products planned for introduction in 2012.

sales declined for the year as the result of competitive activity and a relatively weaker innovation plan. We have a stronger innovation program planned for 2012 and are optimistic that results will begin to improve as we progress through the year. However, we recognize that, given the difficult economic environment, Europe will remain our most challenging region. Latin America. Internal net sales in the Latin American business increased at a double-digit rate in 2011. Notably, growth was broad-based and sales generated by our largest business in the group, Mexico, grew at a mid singledigit rate. In the second half of the year

6

Kellogg Company 2011 annual report

* Source: AC Nielsen Data. Rolling 52-week periods ended December 2011.

we launched Krave cereal in Mexico. This brand has been successful in Europe and we are optimistic regarding its potential in Latin America. In addition, we continued our strong support for Special K in the Latin American business, which also helped drive good results. Asia Pacific. The Asia Pacific business posted mid single-digit internal sales growth in 2011. This was driven by strong, doubledigit growth in India and South Africa. The Australian business posted a slight sales decline due to competitive activity and an issue with a customer that has now been resolved. Despite this, the Australian business ended the year with a strong performance in the fourth quarter; innovation, including new Be Natural, All-Bran, Just Right, and LCM products, all contributed to the growth. Australia remains a difficult market in which to operate, but we remain focused on supporting our business there with the right investment. In addition, our business in Korea was a strong contributor to the region's growth in 2011. The cereal category continues to grow there and our brands, including both Special K and Chex, are well-positioned to capitalize on this trend.

Connecting to

CONSUMERS

A Homerun for Kellogg's Frosted Flakes, Dads, and Kids!
As generations of Kellogg's Frosted Flakes cereal consumers can attest, the love of Tony the Tiger and those delicious, crunchy flakes never fades. By leveraging dads' and kids' mutual enjoyment of sports--and their delight in sharing those moments together--our new campaign inspires Dad to see Kellogg's Frosted Flakes cereal as another passion he can share.

Women Strut Their Stuff With Special K brand on Facebook
Starting in late August, 2011, it was more than just a pretty face that the Special K brand encouraged women to post on the brand's Facebook page--it was photos and videos of their sassy jeans strut! The Special K brand went viral, reaching out to women and celebrating the confidence they get from looking and feeling great in their favorite jeans. All in all... pretty special.

Brands You Love. Foods That Delight. We recognize the importance of our history. However, we are equally excited about our prospects and future opportunities. While we are not satisfied with the company's performance in 2011, we are optimistic and believe that the company is well-positioned for 2012 and beyond. We compete in excellent categories. Consumers are increasingly drawn to the categories in which we participate because they offer great value, provide nutritious and enjoyable products, and add a little excitement to every day. We have focus. We do not compete in numerous categories as we believe expertise in a few businesses is preferable to having simple scale as the result of participation in many. Our businesses are complementary in that they can leverage sales and marketing capabilities and our brands often stretch across categories and geographies.

Krave Cereal­Let The People Decide
In the United Kingdom, our £1.7 million advertising campaign (television ads, roadside and underground posters, online ads, and full in-store support) put consumer choice to the test. We asked shoppers: Which flavor should join the Krave family of cereals-- Totally Chocolatey or Chocolate Caramel? Voting on Facebook resulted in Krave Chocolate Caramel becoming the fave Krave cereal--and a permanent addition to our cereal lineup as of January 2012.
Kellogg Company 2011 annual report 7

MorningStar Makes Meatless Mondays Marvelous
Research shows people are more than ten times more likely to make positive lifestyle and dietary changes on a Monday. So our digital advertising campaign for the MorningStar Farms' line of low-fat foods proved to consumers how deliciously easy it is to eat healthfully--without giving up the foods they love--just by going "Meatless on Mondays."

We have the right strategy and it is a simple one. We strive to grow our core cereal and snacks businesses in both developed and developing markets. We seek select growth opportunities in related businesses, in the health and wellness-related categories, and in our exciting frozen-food business. Finally, we pursue geographic expansion via joint ventures and complementary acquisitions. We have excellent growth potential. We market products in developing categories in many places around the globe. So, we see a world of opportunity, not just for cereal, but also for snacks. For a company to be successful it is essential that it has the right strategy, the right operating principles, and the right focus. However, more important than these, the company must have the right values and the right people. It is in this regard that we are most fortunate. Mr. Kellogg left a strong legacy and, as a company, we have adopted his values. We strive to retain his humility and hunger to learn, but above all, we must retain his focus on people. It is the people that have made Kellogg Company what it is today and it is the people that will take us even farther in the years to come. We thank our 31,000 employees around the globe for their contribution. As we enter 2012, we are excited about the opportunities facing our company. We hope you agree that we have significant potential, and the right plan and the right people to realize it. Thank you for your past and continuing support.

Consumers Choose the Big Cheese
Cheez-It brand kicked off its largest integratedexperience program by asking consumers to choose its next big flavor: Asiago, Colby, or Romano. Consumers helped "Choose the Cheese" by voting on the Cheez-It Facebook page or via texting, Direct TV, online banners, or in stores, and won more points for their cheese by interacting with games and activities. A samplepack giveaway and in-store sample-pack sales let consumers shape the future of the brand, and after 38 million votes, the winning flavor-- Cheez-It Colby-- reached supermarket shelves nationwide.

John A. Bryant President and Chief Executive Officer

jim jenness Chairman of the Board

Keeping It Real With Kashi
In 2011, Kashi took its mission on the road with the Kashi REAL Tour. We visited 16 food and culture festivals around the country with the goal of educating people about living a natural lifestyle. We invited participants to sample Kashi food, try out natural personal care products provided by our partner, Burt's Bees, and learn about nutrition and sustainability through various hands-on and interactive activities.

On February 15, 2012, Kellogg Company announced it had entered into an agreement to acquire the Pringles business from Procter & Gamble. We anticipate that this transaction will add sales of approximately $1.5 billion, slightly less than two-thirds of which are attributable to regions outside the U.S. We expect that the transaction will close around June 30, 2012.

8

Kellogg Kellogg Company Company 2011 2011 annual annual report report

