TO OUR SHARE OWNERS
It is a pleasure to write to you on behalf of over 25,000 Kellogg employees and our Board of Directors, all of whom are committed to making this great Company even more dependable than ever before. We know that a track record and reputation for dependability cannot be built overnight ­ we must earn our stripes each and every day, in all aspects of our business. That's why I am so proud of our performance in 2003. We not only delivered solid results again in a challenging environment, but we also took important steps toward creating our future and strengthening our organization.

Delivering Results
By any financial measure, we certainly earned our stripes in 2003. · Our share price increased 11% in 2003, even as investors shifted toward more economically cyclical sectors of the stock market. Importantly, this share-price appreciation outpaced our peer group of large-cap packaged food stocks for the third consecutive year. Including dividends, our total return to share owners was more than 14% in 2003, well ahead of our peers. The performance brought our three-year compound annual return to almost 17%. This exceeds our peer group's 3% average over that same three-year period, and it is well above the broader S&P 500 stock index, which declined an average of 4.5%. · Our net sales increased by 6% in 2003. Internal net sales growth, which excludes favorable foreign currency translation and the effect of two small divestitures, was a solid 4%. This came on top of a similar gain in 2002. This growth on growth, along with the fact that most of our portfolio shared in this growth, is a sign of sustainability. For the 2001-2003 period, our compound annual growth rate for net sales was 13%; on an internal basis, excluding currency and acquisitons, our growth averaged 3%. · Our earnings per share grew by 10% in 2003. This exceeded our high single-digit growth target, and even more impressive was the quality of these earnings. Through productivity initiatives and a favorable shift in our sales mix, we were able to offset the impact of sharply higher costs, especially for raw materials, fuel, and pension and health-care benefits. We also significantly increased our investment in brand building and innovation, and incurred substantial asset write-offs, impairments, and up-front costs related to improving future productivity. This growth amidst reinvestment is another sign of sustainability. For the 2001-2003 period, our compound annual growth rate for EPS was 10%. · Our cash flow* was $924 million in 2003, once again ahead of our expectations. Driving this cash flow was not only strong earnings growth, but continued improvement in our management of working capital and good discipline on capital expenditure. We have become a far more efficient generator of cash. For the 2001-2003 period, our compound annual growth rate for cash flow was 12%.

Creating Our Future
As good as our 2003 performance was, our goal is not to deliver one year of exceptional results. We believe the best way to create value for you is to deliver consistent, dependable growth, year after year. This means continually enhancing our capabilities and reinvesting in the business. In 2003, we boosted our brand-building investment by approximately 15%. We increased and improved our advertising, and we had a full calendar of promotional campaigns designed to excite consumers. Additionally, our innovation efforts yielded promising new products in all of our businesses. These activities strengthen our brands and create momentum for the future. We also invested in cost-savings projects. Over the course of 2003, we rationalized capacity in several countries and took steps to reduce overhead. These efforts will generate substantial savings in future years, but they required up-front investment in 2003, in the form of asset write-offs and other costs.

As good as our 2003 performance was, our goal is not to deliver one year of exceptional results. We believe the best way to create value for you is to deliver consistent, dependable growth, year after year.
We also shaped the future by improving our financial flexibility. In 2003, we reduced our debt by more than $550 million. We have now paid down $1.6 billion of debt since the acquisition of Keebler Foods in March 2001. This is an outstanding accomplishment, and one that reflects our focus on the generation of cash flow. We further created financial flexibility in 2003 by again making voluntary contributions to our pension and retiree health-care benefit funds. These contributions raised our funding levels for these financial obligations, and they mitigate future benefits expense.

* Cash flow is defined as cash from operating activities less capital expenditures. Refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis on page 25 for reconciliation to the comparable GAAP measure.

Kellogg Company 3

Strengthening Our Organization
Our founder, Mr. W. K. Kellogg, was fond of saying "I'll invest my money in people." In 2003 we launched or continued various initiatives designed to invest more in our people: · We launched an initiative called Talent Management Worldwide aimed at building a more comprehensive and systematic approach to identifying, training, and developing future leaders. · We conducted a Company-wide culture survey, which helped us better understand the strengths and opportunities of our culture and environment. Every business unit, department, or corporate function is using the results to improve our employee satisfaction and become a better place to work. We plan to repeat the survey every two years.

· Putting the right people in the right jobs has been critical to our renewed success. In 2003, we made several transitions and promotions of key executives, each intended to better leverage their strengths and to further develop their skills. David Mackay, whose leadership drove the impressive turnaround of our U.S. businesses, was promoted to president and chief operating officer of the Company. David and I have complementary strengths and create a strong partnership in leading this Company. Our chief financial officer, John Bryant, has added to his responsibilities the leadership of our U.S. Natural & Frozen Foods division, giving John the experience of having business unit accountability. After very successfully leading the implementation of our Volume to Value strategy in international markets and driving strong sales growth in those markets,

· We continued to hold workshops to spread the K ValuesTM, a set of guiding principles that were updated in 2002. In fact, most of our management around the world has now participated in these sessions. · We have formally made diversity and employee safety priorities for 2004 and beyond. Our K ValuesTM call for us to show respect for and value all individuals for their diverse backgrounds, experience, styles, approaches, and ideas. The sustainability of our business is dependent upon our ability to generate new ideas and to respond to consumers with changing demographic profiles. Equally important is employee safety. High safety levels in the workplace are correlated with positive employee morale, strong productivity, and reduced costs.

Alan Harris was named executive vice president, chief marketing and customer officer. This is a new role designed to better implement the sharing of innovation and marketing programs across the Company. Jeff Montie became an executive vice president of the Company, and Canada was added to his responsibilities. His leadership of our U.S. Morning Foods division has resulted in substantial growth and share gains, especially in cereal. Brad Davidson was promoted to senior vice president of the Company, and put in charge of our U.S. Snacks division after successfully leading our U.S. Morning Foods sales force. Several other executives were promoted in recognition of their strong contributions to the Company. Gary Pilnick was promoted to senior vice president, general counsel and secretary, and Celeste

Earning Our Stripes 4

Clark to senior vice president with worldwide responsibility for Corporate Affairs. Key general managers from around the world were named corporate officers for the first time: Elisabeth Fleuriot, managing director, Kellogg France, Benelux, Scandinavia, South Africa; Juan-Pablo Villalobos, managing director, Kellogg de Mexico; and Paul Norman, managing director, United Kingdom/Republic of Ireland. Their promotions reflect the value of their personal contributions and the strategic importance of these markets. The result is a stronger organization: The right people in the right jobs; a commitment to develop tomorrow's leaders; steps to create a safer, more diverse workforce; and a winning culture. This, more than anything else, will make us an even better company in the future.

category across the globe, giving us the best opportunity to expand consumption. When managed well, we can generate strong, profitable growth in cereal. In 2003, our U.S. cereal sales increased by 7%, and our international cereal sales were up 4% in local currencies.

We believe it is a competitive advantage to concentrate our resources on categories in which we have scale, expertise, and leading brands, as opposed to participating in a large number of categories that can distract us from what we do best.
Expand Snacks. Snacks, and particularly wholesome snacks, continue to grow faster than other food categories. We are well positioned to participate in this growth. We have strong, extendable brands and an expertise in grain- and fruit-based foods. In the U.S. and Mexico, we have direct store-door distribution, giving us an in-store advantage. And wholesome snacks are usually located right in the cereal aisle. In 2003, we showed continued progress in expanding our snacks business. Core international markets such as Mexico, Australia, and the U.K. showed strong double-digit net sales growth in snacks, and their innovation pipelines are strong. Our success has attracted a lot of competition, and yet we have held our own in tough environments. In the U.S., while wholesome snacks have performed extremely well, they represent less than 20% of U.S. Snacks' sales. Their double-digit sales growth in 2003 was offset by a decline in cookies sales, amidst weak category demand and price promotion by competitors. A key priority for 2004 will be stabilizing our cookies business, while maintaining share in crackers and growing wholesome snacks. Pursue Selective Growth Opportunities. Beyond cereal and snacks, we also participate in other nearby categories using strong regional brands. For example, in the U.S. we have Pop-Tarts®, #1 in toaster pastries; Eggo®, the leading frozen waffle brand; and Morningstar Farms®, the largest frozen meatalternatives brand. Brands like these offer good, profitable growth.

Our Game Plan for 2004 and Beyond
We are in the enviable position of not having to create a new strategy. We already have a game plan, an approach to the business that can achieve dependable growth. Shaped by many people throughout our Company, it has evolved over the past few years into a simple and distinctly Kellogg plan. Our challenge now is to continuously improve our execution. The game plan centers on the following priorities:

· Sticking to our Focused Strategy
We are a very focused company. Between cereal and wholesome snacks, the vast majority of our sales take place in a single aisle of most stores and channels. We believe it is a competitive advantage to concentrate our resources on categories in which we have scale, expertise, and leading brands, as opposed to participating in a large number of categories that can distract us from what we do best. Our strategy underscores our focus: Grow Cereal, Expand Snacks, Pursue Selective Growth Opportunities. Grow Cereal. Ready-to-eat cereal accounts for more than half of our Company's net sales: That's a good thing. Cereal is a large and profitable category that reacts to brand building and innovation. It offers consumers convenience, fun, and great taste, and it contributes to a healthy, well-balanced diet. It's also what we do best. We have leading shares in this

Kellogg Company 5

We are also identifying new opportunities through acquisitions, alliances, and innovation. These investments will be in consumer-driven categories in which we can use our core competencies. These are categories in which we can leverage our brands, supply chain, and innovation expertise with grains and fruit. They also can build on our existing customer relationships and channel and aisle focus. In 2003, for example, we extended Eggo® into the related syrup category, and Nutri-Grain® into granola. These required very little capital investment and they leverage existing brands.

and accounts payable). The improvements we have made in this area are remarkable, and we will continue to enhance our working-capital efficiency in 2004. We'll also remain disciplined on capital expenditure, prioritizing resources for the highest-return projects and using existing assets whenever possible. With greater cash flow, we can improve our financial flexibility over time by paying down debt, making contributions to our benefit plans, making small tack-on acquisitions, or returning cash to share owners through share repurchases and dividend increases.

· Adhering to our Financial Model
We continue to manage our business based on two simple operating principles: Volume to Value and Manage for Cash. These principles are designed to create sustainable financial performance, and they are understood by the entire organization. Volume to Value means adding value for consumers through branded, differentiated products ­ and getting paid for that added value. It means focusing on sales dollars and not tonnage volume. It requires improving our gross profit margin so that we may invest more in brand building and innovation, drive our most valuable brands, and grow our net sales. In 2003, we achieved all but one of the underlying Volume to Value metrics. The exception was gross profit margin expansion, and that was because we incurred investment costs related to future productivity initiatives. We expect to achieve all of the Volume to Value targets ­ including improved gross profit margin ­ in 2004. Manage for Cash is the principle that focuses our Company on generating cash flow. Each of our businesses is working to reduce the amount of cash tied up in working capital (accounts receivable, inventory,

The entire organization is intensely focused on executing our plans, earning our stripes each and every day.
While Volume to Value enhances and sustains our earnings growth, Manage for Cash ensures discipline over our capital base. Together, these principles increase our return on invested capital. Another element of our financial model is realistic financial targets. When earnings growth targets are unrealistically aggressive, business managers are inevitably compelled to make short-term decisions that may hurt their business over the long term. Such decisions could include cutting brand-building investment, overshipping to customers, or relying on price promotion. Our goal is sustainable growth, even if it means targeting a more modest earnings growth rate. Our long-term growth targets are low single-digit net sales growth, mid-single-digit operating profit growth, and high single-digit EPS growth, and we will stick to these targets in 2004. We believe having these realistic targets empowers and motivates our employees, and gives us the flexibility to invest for sustainable growth in the future.

Earning Our Stripes 6

· Leveraging our Leading Brands
We are first and foremost a branded food company. We are not interested in participating in private label or lowmargin segments, where the economics do not allow us to add value through brand building and innovation. Kellogg brands have several advantages. They are known and trusted in markets all over the world. They extend effectively into close-in categories, such as wholesome snacks, and they transfer easily across countries and regions. We will continue to leverage and extend our brands across our geographic and product portfolio. Here's a great example of what we can do: In recent years, Special K® cereal led to Special K® Red Berries cereal, which in turn, led to Special K TM bars. Today, Special K is a $500 million worldwide brand sold in 40 countries.

In 2002, we planned for a year of acceleration in sales and earnings, and we actually exceeded our targets that year. By 2003, our business was expected to exhibit momentum, and it did: We surpassed our sales and earnings growth targets while reinvesting for the future. The success of these past three years is evidence that we are up to the challenge of generating sustainable earnings and cash flow growth in the future. The entire organization is intensely focused on executing our plans, earning our stripes each and every day. Our goal is to be a dependable, long-term investment for you. We are grateful for your confidence in our special Company, and we trust you are as optimistic about our future as we are.

· Utilizing our Worldwide Infrastructure
It would require billions of dollars and many decades to even attempt to replicate our worldwide infrastructure. Moreover, because of our focused strategy, we have fairly consistent portfolios across the globe. We see this as an advantage for Kellogg. It enables us to transfer our best ideas quickly around the world, and across business units. These ideas can be proven innovations and brand-building concepts, but they can also include productivity enhancements and management processes and practices.

We Are Up to the Challenge
In late 2000, we laid out our plan to return Kellogg to sustainable growth. We changed our strategy and our organizational structure. The year 2001 was to be a year of transition. We purchased Keebler Foods, the largest acquisition in our history. We essentially overhauled the entire Company while still achieving our earnings goals.

Carlos M. Gutierrez Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer

Kellogg Company 7

