P A U L R . K U H N C H A I R M A N , P R E S I D E N T, A N D C H I E F E X E C U T I V E O F F I C E R

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS,

Three years ago, Kaman Corporation set forth clear strategies to build each of its three business segments. Each strategy was tailored to the respective strengths of our Aerospace, Industrial Distribution and Music businesses. At the same time, our strategies were designed to reinforce and advance the culture that defines Kaman: superior service, quality products, lean thinking, operational excellence and conservative financial management. Over the past three years, we have been focused on putting these strategies into action. For much of this period, including 2003, however, the operating environment has made this a challenging endeavor. The commercial aerospace markets in which we compete have been enduring an unusually severe downturn, and the manufacturing sector served by our Industrial Distribution segment has been operating at recessionary levels. In addition to the economic environment, we have been touched by a number of issues in our Aerospace segment that we are continuing to work through. Despite these challenges, we have made meaningful progress, and the actions we have taken to implement our strategies have produced results that underscore their merits. Importantly, as 2003 progressed, we began to see signs that we might be in the early stages of a recovery. In our Industrial Distribution segment, requests for proposals and order activity began to increase in an encouraging way. Our Music segment, which is strongly influenced by consumer spending trends, experienced a good holiday season. Our Aerospace segment, which is affected primarily by the commercial aerospace market, on the other hand, has yet to turn the corner. To keep up the momentum during this difficult period, we continued our divestiture
ONE

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Three years ago, Kaman Corporation set forth clear strategies to build each of its three business segments. Over the past three years, we have been focused on putting these strategies into action.

of non-core businesses to free up capital, enhanced the competitive capability of our core businesses, and made strategic acquisitions that are contributing to operating results.
F I N A N C I A L R E S U LT S

In 2003, Kaman reported net earnings of $19.4 million, or $0.86 per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $33.6 million, or $1.50 net loss per diluted share, in the previous year. Results for 2003 include an after-tax gain of $10.6 million, or $0.48 per share, from the sale of the Electromagnetics Development Center, a non-core business, early in the year. Results for the year 2002 include pre-tax charges of $86.0 million ($2.50 loss per diluted share) to cover the write down of K-MAX helicopter assets, principally inventories; for cost growth associated with the Australian SH-2G(A) helicopter program, and to phase out operations at the company's Moosup, Connecticut plant. The 2002 results also include a pre-tax gain of $1.9 million from the sale of the company's microwave products line, also a non-core business. Net sales for 2003 were $894.5 million, compared to $880.8 million in 2002. The company's heritage of conservative financial management has helped during this period of economic softness. We have continued to maintain low levels of long-term debt, providing flexibility to execute our strategies for each business segment.
A E R O S PA C E

In the Aerospace segment, Kaman is focused on executing three key strategies:

· Expanding the Subcontract and Advanced Technology Products businesses through increased sales and marketing efforts and strategic acquisitions. · Pursuing additional SH-2G opportunities in the international niche market for intermediate-size maritime helicopters. · Further deploying lean thinking to improve manufacturing performance and reduce costs.
For the year, the Aerospace segment generated an operating profit of $14.8 million, compared to an operating loss of $55.2 million in 2002, which included the $86.0 million of pre-tax charges. Results for 2003 include the effect of $3.6 million in ongoing relocation and re-certification costs related to the Moosup plant closing and $1.4 million in idle facilities and related costs. Sales for 2003 were $251.2 million, compared to $275.9 million the previous year, which included $16.2 million from the two divested businesses. The Australian program adjustment reduced segment sales in 2002 by $6.5 million. Acquisitions completed in the last two years represented approximately 17.6% of 2003 sales. C H A L L E N G E S Throughout 2003, the performance of Kaman's Aerospace segment continued to be adversely affected by several factors, including costs associated with the transition of manufacturing from the Moosup, Connecticut plant to expanded facilities in Jacksonville, Florida,
TWO

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Throughout 2003, the performance of Kaman's Aerospace segment continued to be adversely affected by several factors, including costs associated with the transition of manufacturing from the Moosup, Connecticut plant to expanded facilities in Jacksonville, Florida.

the current weak market for commercial airliners which has caused order stretch-outs and a lower volume of deliveries than anticipated for certain Boeing programs, and the lack of new helicopter orders. These conditions, combined with the stop-work mode for the MD Helicopters, Inc. subcontract program (in which the company has a large investment), have resulted in lower sales, which in turn has resulted in overhead and general and administrative expenditures being absorbed at higher rates by active aerospace programs. This has led to generally lower profitability or losses for these programs. Segment results were also affected by delays in qualification testing for the Joint Programmable Fuze (JPF) program. P R O G R E S S Kaman's most significant strategic initiative in 2003 was the relocation of manufacturing to our expanded aerospace manufacturing facility in Jacksonville, Florida. This 200,000 square-foot facility replaces the company's old and outdated plant in Moosup, Connecticut. Our investment in Jacksonville reflects our commitment to emphasize aircraft structures and components as a core business and focal point for future growth. While the transition to Jacksonville and phase-out of Moosup have entailed additional costs that we believe to be temporary, we think that the result will bring substantial opportunity for us to successfully compete for both commercial and military aerospace business. The company also believes it is making progress on the JPF program, which is being developed for the U.S. Air Force and U.S. Navy by the company's Dayron operation. In the fourth quarter of 2003, Kaman completed the contractor portion of qualification testing and the customer has resumed its portion of the qualification testing at Eglin Air Force Base with positive early results. This program is expected to be an important contributor to our Aerospace segment sales and operating profits once final qualification is completed and an order stream is established. Another bright spot for the year was the continued strong performance of our specialty bearing maker, Kamatics. Kamatics products are on most military and commercial aircraft in production today. Production of the eleven SH-2G(A) helicopters for the Australian program is essentially complete. As we have previously reported, the aircraft lack the full Integrated Tactical Avionics System (ITAS) software and progress is continuing on this element of the program. In September, the Royal Australian Navy began the process of provisional acceptance of the aircraft after receiving a decision to proceed from the Australian government. The company expects to be able to deliver the full capability of the ITAS weapons system software in late 2004 with final acceptance anticipated in 2005.While the company believes its reserves are sufficient to cover estimated costs to complete the program, final development of the software and its integration are yet to come, and these are complex tasks. During the year, we completed work on the refurbishment of four SH-2G helicopters granted by the U.S. government to Poland. Under related contracts, Kaman is providing spare parts and
THREE

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Kaman's most significant strategic initiative in 2003 was the relocation of manufacturing from Moosup, Connecticut to our expanded facility in Jacksonville, Florida. This investment reflects our commitment to emphasize aircraft structures and components as a core business.

training for Polish pilots, sensor operators and maintenance personnel. The aircraft became operational in October 2003 aboard two Polish Navy FD-7 class frigates. The company also continued to market its existing K-MAX aircraft inventory, which was written down to an estimated fair market value in 2002, using sales and short-term leasing programs. During 2003, two K-MAX helicopters were leased and two others were converted from leases to sales. Notwithstanding the issues being faced by our Aerospace segment, this business is strategically important to Kaman's future and we consider it an area of opportunity for a return to sales growth and improved operating performance.
INDUSTRIAL DISTRIBUTION

Our strategies for growth in this segment, Kaman's largest in terms of revenue, involve:

· Expanding geographic coverage in major industrial markets that increase Kaman's ability to compete for regional and national accounts. · Providing industry leadership in e-commerce initiatives. · Further enhancing operating and asset utilization efficiencies throughout the enterprise.
Industrial Distribution segment operating profits for 2003 were $12.7 million, compared to $12.3 million the previous year. Sales in 2003 were $497.9 million, including $6.5 million from a 2003 acquisition, compared to $477.2 million in 2002. C H A L L E N G E S Our Industrial Distribution segment tends to perform in line with the national economy and is directly affected by national macroeconomic variables such as the percentage of plant capacity utilization and industrial production indices. During periods of robust economic expansion, the business generally enjoys significant operating leverage. When there is weakness in the manufacturing sector, such as we experienced for much of 2003 (and, in general, since the fourth quarter of 2000), the segment typically faces both cost and pricing pressures. During 2003, we continued to keep a close eye on costs and working capital investment, which helped performance. In addition, the industry's practice of suppliers offering incentives continued to be a major contributor to the company's operating profits. P R O G R E S S In recent years, Kaman has positioned its Industrial Distribution business to take advantage of an important trend: large companies seeking to centralize purchasing through suppliers that can service their plant locations on a regional or national basis. Five years ago, our reach extended to 55 of the top 100 industrial markets in the U.S. By the end of 2003, we were operating in 70 of those markets. Our 2003 geographic expansion reflects both acquisitions and new branch openings. In October 2003, we acquired ISI, a Birmingham, Alabama-based distributor of bearings,
FOUR

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Five years ago, our reach extended to 55 of the top 100 industrial markets in the U.S. By the end of 2003, we were operating in 70 of those markets. Our geographic expansion reflects both acquisitions and new branch openings.

conveyors, electrical, fluid power and power transmission components used by manufacturing, mining, steel, lumber, pulp and paper, food and other industries. In addition to its Birmingham facilities, the acquisition of ISI brings us branches in Montgomery, Decatur and Muscle Shoals, Alabama, and in Pensacola, Florida. Kaman also strengthened its presence in the Southeast and Southwest with new or relocated branches that bring the company into the Richmond, Virginia, and Dallas, Texas markets. As we selectively expand our presence across North America, our service culture and mix of value-added services is helping us to increase our roster of national and regional accounts. Significant recent new accounts include Campbell Soup, GAF and Phelps Dodge. The Industrial Distribution business continues to be increasingly important to the overall success of Kaman. The infusion of capital for key acquisitions is proving to be a wise investment and, coupled with a recovering economy, promises both growth and earnings improvement.
MUSIC

Kaman is building on its leadership in the Music business through three core strategies:

· Preserving the company's leadership position as the largest independent distributor of musical instruments and accessories. · Building on Kaman's strong brand identity while adding new market-leading names to the company's offering of proprietary products. · Leading the market with distribution systems and technologies that add value and reduce costs for the customer, suppliers and the company.
Music segment operating profits for 2003 were $9.5 million, compared to $7.2 million in the prior year. Sales for the year 2003 were $145.4 million, including $18.6 million from Latin Percussion, which was acquired in October 2002, compared to $127.7 million the previous year, which included $3.7 million from Latin Percussion. C H A L L E N G E S Of Kaman's three business segments, Music is the one area in which the company has the dominant market share. Nevertheless, consumer tastes change, and it is imperative that the company provide the market with the products our customers want. Success in this segment depends upon supplying retailers with the right array of hot-selling products at a variety of price points, and sophisticated information systems that facilitate easy and efficient ordering options, for both large and small customers. P R O G R E S S Kaman has long been a leader in fretted instruments with premier and proprietary products such as the company's Ovation® and Hamer® guitars and Takamine® guitars under its exclusive distribution agreement. The 2002 acquisition of Latin Percussion, Inc., the world leader in hand percussion instruments, solidified Kaman's leadership in percussion,
FIVE

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Kaman has long been a leader in fretted instruments with premier and proprietary products such as the company's Ovation, Hamer and Takamine guitars. The acquisition of Latin Percussion, Inc. solidified Kaman's leadership in percussion.

which also includes ownership or distribution rights to such well-known brands as Toca®, Gibraltar® and Gretsch® drums. All of these top-selling branded products are available only through Kaman. At the time we acquired Latin Percussion, we viewed it not only as an important strategic addition but also as a business that would have an immediate and positive impact on our operating profitability. In 2003, this proved to be the case. Consistent with our strategy of further expanding our portfolio of product lines, we acquired Genz Benz Enclosures, Inc. in September 2003. Genz Benz is a small manufacturer of amplification and sound reinforcement equipment. Music's progress in 2003 also included incremental enhancements to our e-commerce program, which continues to gain acceptance from an increasing number of our customers. With the addition of EDI programs for customers and suppliers as well as the continued popularity of our online ordering website, e-commerce is expected to grow as a defining competitive advantage for Kaman. Our Music business continues to perform well while increasing its leadership in the marketplace, with ample capability and capacity for continued growth. Although this is our smallest business, it continues to earn its place in the Kaman segment line-up through astute business judgement and achievement.
S T R AT E G I E S I N A C T I O N

The diversification of Kaman's business, combined with conservative financial management and an emphasis on controlling costs, have enabled the company to weather the challenging economic conditions we have faced in recent years. At the same time, staying committed to converting our strategies into action has kept us focused on building the market presence of our core businesses. At Kaman, we've long said that these actions will position us for improved results as the economy recovers. We've been encouraged that the improving operating environment in late 2003 may be having just such an impact on our Industrial Distribution and Music segments. While the recovery in commercial aerospace has yet to materialize, we remain confident that our emphasis on expanding the subcontract and advanced technology products businesses is the right strategy to build on our considerable expertise and capabilities in aerospace design, engineering and manufacturing. In closing, I extend my appreciation to our valued employees, shareholders, customers and suppliers and look forward to sharing our progress with all of you in the coming year.

PA U L R . K U H N Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

SIX

