3.

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS,
Two thousand and four was a challenging year for Kaman Corporation. At the same time, it was a year of real, measurable progress for all three of our business segments. Two of our segments, Industrial Distribution, (Kaman's largest in terms of sales), and Music, (which continues to hold a leadership position in its market), delivered record sales, as did our Kamatics proprietary aircraft bearing business within the Aerospace segment. Earnings increased for each of these businesses in 2004, with both Music and Kamatics recording record earnings for the year. These good results, however, were overshadowed by adjustments taken in the Aerospace segment as issues arose and we took the difficult but necessary actions to address them. In last year's report, I wrote about progress we were making in bringing Kaman's expanded Jacksonville aerostructures facility on line, in working toward U.S. Air Force qualification of the Joint Programmable Fuze (JPF) at our Orlando operation, and in bringing our SH-2G(A) helicopter program for Australia toward completion. This year, we can report further progress on each of these programs: Jacksonville has successfully worked through its start-up hurdles and has been successful soliciting new work. Our Fuzing business achieved qualification for the JPF program in April of 2004, and we continued to make progress toward completion of the program for Australia. There is more about these developments later in this report. What we still have before us includes completion of the Australia program and achievement of the desired cost and delivery performance for the JPF program along with additional production orders as

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

In thousands except per share amounts

2004

2003

net sales net earnings (loss) total assets per share amounts:
Net earnings (loss) per share Basic Diluted Dividends declared Shareholders' equity

$ 995,192 (11,822) 562,331

$ 894,499 19,405 528,311

$

(.52) (.52) .44 12.48

$

.86 .86 .44 13.40

4.

this important new product continues to come on line. We must also continue to attract new business for the Jacksonville facility, and the process of identifying and correcting profitability issues in the Aerospace segment must be satisfactorily concluded. The strategies we established several years ago to build each of our business segments, along with the implementation of "lean thinking" practices throughout the corporation, continue to bear fruit, providing a solid foundation for future growth. In fact, I feel confident that Kaman ended 2004 leaner and more focused than it began the year.

Financial Summary
For the year ended December 31, 2004, Kaman reported a net loss of $11.8 million, or $0.52 loss per share diluted, compared to net earnings of $19.4 million, or $0.86 per share diluted, in the previous year. The 2004 loss is primarily attributable to earnings adjustments totaling $41.6 million that resulted from actions taken during the year to address issues in the Aerospace segment, including a non-cash sales and pre-tax earnings charge of $20.1 million that eliminates the corporation's investment in contracts with MD Helicopters, Inc. (MDHI), a $7.1 million non-cash adjustment to the corporation's Boeing Harbour Pointe parts and subassemblies contract and $2.0 million in severance costs associated with realignment of the Aerospace segment's management team. The adjustments also include approximately $5.5 million in increased accrued contract costs associated with completion of the Australia SH-2G(A) helicopter program, a $3.5 million charge to provide for two product warranty-related fuzing issues at the Kaman Dayron facility, and a $3.4 million sales and pre-tax earnings adjustment on the corporation's EODC contract with the University of Arizona to reflect the contract's curtailed status as litigation of our claims against the University proceeds. Several of these issues are now behind us or appear to be approaching resolution. You will find detail about each of them in the Management's Discussion and Analysis section of this report.

Results for 2003 include an after-tax gain of $10.6 million, or $0.48 per share, from the sale of the corporation's Electromagnetics Development Center. Net sales were $995.2 million in 2004, compared to $894.5 million in 2003, an increase of 11.3%. Kaman maintained its quarterly dividend to shareholders in 2004, and has now paid dividends for 33 consecutive years. In keeping with Kaman's long-standing commitment to conservative financial management, we continued to maintain relatively low levels of long-term debt over the year. This gives us the flexibility to execute our strategies and position each business segment for growth despite fluctuations in the markets in which we compete.

5.

Aerospace Segment
Kaman's Aerospace segment produces aircraft structures and components for commercial and military aircraft including specialized aircraft bearings, provides various advanced technology products for critical specialized applications including missile and bomb fuzing, and markets its K-MAX and SH-2G Super Seasprite helicopters.
2004 RESULTS

The Aerospace segment had an operating loss of

$14.3 million in 2004 as a result of the $41.6 million in adjustments listed above, $3.3 million in idle facility and related costs, and $0.4 million in relocation and recertification costs related to closure of the company's Moosup, Connecticut plant, compared to an operating profit of $14.8 million in 2003. Results for 2003 include the effect of $3.6 million in relocation and re-certification costs related to the

AEROSTRUCTURES

FUZING

Moosup plant closure and $1.4 million in idle facilities and related costs. Sales for the year were $252.4 million, including the effect of an $18.2 million negative sales adjustment for the MDHI program, compared to $251.2 million in 2003.
PROGRESS

HELICOPTERS

KAMATICS

Despite the challenges represented by these

adjustments, we continued to make progress across the Aerospace
Our Aerospace segment is now comprised of four major divisions.

segment. In 2004, Kaman realigned the Aerospace segment into new operating divisions: Kaman Aerostructures, responsible for the Kaman Aerospace Jacksonville and PlasticFab Wichita operations; Kaman Fuzing, responsible for the Kaman Aerospace Middletown and Kaman Dayron Orlando operations; and Kaman Helicopters,

AEROSPACE SEGMENT STR ATEGIES

expanding the subcontract and advanced technology products businesses through increased sales and marketing efforts and strategic acquisitions. pursuing additional sh-2g opportunities in the international niche market for intermediate-size maritime helicopters. further deploying lean thinking to improve manufacturing performance and reduce costs.

6.

responsible for the Kaman Aerospace Bloomfield operations. These divisions join Kamatics (including RWG, the corporation's German aircraft bearing manufacturer) to make up the four major operating elements of the segment. The corporation expects that each division will be better able to effectively control expenses for the services and functions they require, and achieve optimal customer service. We are particularly pleased with the 2004 performance of our Kamatics subsidiary, which shows continued strong growth potential in both its commercial and military markets. One issue the corporation has reported on in some detail is the time and expense involved with the relocation of certain aircraft structures and components operations to Jacksonville, Florida, and the adverse effect the transition has had on segment profitability. While we are still on a learning curve, significant progress has already been made in improving performance metrics and reestablishing levels of customer satisfaction. The corporation received a significant new contract for the Jacksonville facility involving production of pilot cockpits for four models of the Sikorsky BLACK HAWK helicopter. This new work should help establish an adequate business base and improve profitability at that plant. The corporation has also reported on the delays experienced in achieving qualification for the Joint Programmable Fuze. In 2004, this goal was achieved, and we received authorization from the U.S. Air Force to enter the low rate initial production and delivery phase for this product. We expect fuzing sales and profitability to improve as deliveries to the U.S. military ramp up and be further enhanced once orders are received from allied militaries. Kaman also continued to make progress toward completion of the 11 SH-2G(A) helicopters for the Australia program. Due to the complexity of the integration process and testing results that indicate additional work to be done, the corporation recorded an additional $5.5 million accrued contract loss during the year to reflect the current estimate of costs to complete the program. The Australian government provisionally accepted eight of the helicopters in 2004, and the corporation currently expects to deliver the first fully operational aircraft by mid-year 2005 followed by the final acceptance process for all eleven aircraft.
Our SH-2G Super Seasprite naval helicopter, now in service with Egypt, New Zealand and Poland.

INDUSTRIAL DISTRIBUTION SEGMENT STR ATEGIES

expanding geographic coverage in major industrial markets that increase kaman's ability to compete for regional and national accounts. providing industry leadership in e-commerce initiatives. further enhancing operating and asset utilization efficiencies throughout the enterprise.

In January 2005, the U.S. Government selected an international team that includes Lockheed Martin, Bell Helicopter, and AgustaWestland to provide the next "Marine One" presidential helicopter. As a member of the winning team, Kaman anticipates that it will have the opportunity to share in the work being sourced into the U.S. We are confident that we have the appropriate strategies in place to move the Aerospace segment forward, and the corporation will move ahead with a renewed emphasis on lean thinking to further improve manufacturing performance and reduce costs. The work we have done has helped see us through this difficult period, and I believe that as we continue to implement our strategies, our Aerospace segment will once again contribute significantly to the profitability of the corporation.

7.

Industrial Distribution Segment
Kaman's Industrial Distribution segment, the third largest distributor in its market, experienced an excellent year, reflecting the stronger industrial economy, a growing geographic footprint, and competitive success in the markets we serve.
2004 RESULTS

Segment operating profit was $19.3 million for

2004, compared to $12.7 million for 2003. Sales for the year were a record $581.8 million, including $28.3 million from an acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2003, compared to $497.9 million in 2003, including $6.5 million from the acquisition. These results reflect a strengthening industrial economy along with the impact of cost control and process improvement initiated
Kaman distributes over one million maintenance & repair and original equipment items to more than 50,000 customers.

during the manufacturing recession years of 2001­2003. They also point to the appropriateness of the growth strategies we put in place several years ago, including expanding the segment's geographic footprint, continued innovation in e-commerce, and driving operating and asset utilization efficiencies through the enterprise.
PROGRESS

Kaman continued to expand its geographic footprint

in 2004. New branches were opened in Toronto and Oklahoma City, and the corporation acquired Brivsa de Mexico, a small Monterey, Mexico, distributor that enhances the corporation's ability to serve

MUSIC SEGMENT STR ATEGIES

preserving kaman's leadership position as the largest independent distributor of musical instruments and accessories. building on kaman's strong brand identity while adding new market-leading names to the corporation's offering of proprietary products. leading the market with distribution systems and technologies that add value and reduce costs for the customer, suppliers and the corporation.

8.

its national account customers having operations in this important Mexican industrial center. The corporation brought a number of new national accounts on line during the year, including Tyco International (US) Inc., Phelps Dodge, James Hardie, and Quad Graphics. The corporation was also named a national distributor for IMI Norgren, Inc.'s fluid power products, offering Kaman an additional major line to sell through its entire U.S. branch network. All of these developments have contributed to increased sales, margins and market share. The industrial environment continued to be strong throughout the year and we remain optimistic about the prospects for 2005, although we are keeping a very close eye on leading indicators as this segment is quickly affected by changes in industrial production levels.

Music Segment
Kaman's Music segment, the largest independent distributor of musical instruments and accessories in the U.S., delivered record sales and earnings in 2004. Offering more than 15,000 products for amateurs and professionals, the Music segment continued to expand its market penetration with new customers and new products. Our strategy of offering premium brands that are exclusive to Kaman has worked well in the market and remains a focus for this segment.
2004 RESULTS

Operating profit for the segment was $11.1 million

in 2004, compared to $9.5 million in 2003. Sales for the year were $161.0 million, compared to $145.4 million the prior year.
PROGRESS

Among the year's highlights was the introduction

of the Ovation LX series premium guitar, which is receiving high acceptance ratings from players and positive reviews in the national music trade press. The LX series has had a meaningful impact on our sales of U.S. manufactured Ovation guitars. In addition, the competitive positioning of our other brand name or exclusive distribution products such as our Takamine, Adamas and Hamer guitars; and Latin Percussion, Toca and Gretsch drums and other percussion products helped to make 2004 a record sales year.
Kaman's Latin Percussion lines lead the market for hand percussion instruments.

Healthy consumer spending also had a positive impact on our business during 2004, stimulating strong sales to the large national retail chain stores and to the regional and local retailers, as well.

9.

Sustaining Progress
For Kaman Corporation overall, the benefits of being diversified were evident during 2004, as the effects of challenges faced by one of our businesses segments were moderated by the strong performances of the others. At the same time, our commitment to conservative financial management and operational efficiencies has enabled us to continue to pursue our long-term strategic objectives. As this review of the year's operations illustrates, Kaman made meaningful progress in each of its businesses during 2004, building a solid foundation for the future. We are making the tough decisions and taking the difficult actions needed to position the corporation for future growth and prosperity. Of course, as a member of the global business community, we, like others, are affected by many forces that must be addressed with skill in an increasingly competitive world. While certain segments of our business are benefiting from the current state of the economy, concerns over high energy prices, currency fluctuations, and the war against terrorism are issues that can have material effects on the landscape. Generally, however, there is cause for optimism. Once again, we are grateful to the nearly 3,600 employees of Kaman who continue to drive progress across each of our businesses. I would also like to express my appreciation to our customers, suppliers and shareholders who continue to place their confidence in our corporation.

Paul R. Kuhn
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

