To our Shareholders,

paul r. kuhn Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

2

For Kaman, 2006 was a strong year in several respects. Operationally, the company achieved record sales, and consolidated earnings were up sharply. Our Aerospace and Industrial Distribution segments achieved record operating income for the year. The Music segment achieved record sales for the year due to a full year of performance from the acquisition of Musicorp but, even so, sales were disappointing due to depressed consumer spending on music products over the course of the year. Music segment operating income declined for the year in part due to the effect of the soft market on the overall business and, to a lesser extent, due to the incremental costs of Musicorp, many of which have been or will be eliminated as Musicorp is fully integrated into the segment. Strategically, each segment moved forward in its markets securing new business relationships with top-level customers and suppliers and, I believe, each segment grew in value. Organizationally, we completed our first full year since recapitalizing into a single class of voting stock, made good appointments to augment segment leadership where necessary, and elected two new members to the board of directors following a national search. Financially, the company received affirmation of its Standard and Poor's investment grade rating of BBB- (stable); and in January 2007, the company expanded its revolving credit agreement for working capital support by $50 million to a total of $200 million. Much has changed at Kaman over the past several years. As we continue the effort to bring our helicopter contract with Australia and its long period of losses to an end, we are more focused than ever on executing targeted internal and external growth strategies for each of our businesses. We have excellent opportunities and the financial flexibility to take advantage of those we wish to pursue.
financial review

For 2006, Kaman Corporation reported net earnings of $31.8 million, or $1.30 per share diluted, compared to net earnings of $13.0 million, or $0.57 per share diluted in 2005. Results for 2006 include $9.7 million in pretax charges in the Aerospace segment related to the company's SH­2G(A) helicopter program for Australia. Results for 2005 include $16.8 million in pretax charges for the Australia helicopter program partially offset by a $6.8 million pretax benefit in the Aerospace segment arising from recoveries of amounts that the company had written off in 2004 on programs with MD Helicopters, Inc. The 2005 results also include the impact of $8.3 million of primarily non-deductible expenses for stock appreciation rights triggered by a significant increase in the price of Kaman stock in 2005 and $3.3 million of non-deductible recapitalization expenses. The non-deductible expenses raised the

3

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

In thousands except per share amounts Net Sales Net Earnings Total Assets Per share amounts: Net earnings per share Basic Diluted Dividends declared Shareholders' equity

2006 $ 1,206,154 31,786 630,413

2005 $ 1,101, 196 13,028 598,497

$ 1.32 1.30 .50 12.28

$ .57 .57 .485 1 1.28

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

effective 2005 tax rate to 54.8 percent, compared to an effective 2006 tax rate of 39.2 percent. Net sales for 2006 were $1.2 billion, compared to $1.1 billion in 2005.
aerospace segment

The Aerospace segment generated operating income of $48.1 million in 2006, compared to $33.3 million a year ago, including all of the previously noted items for each year. Segment sales for 2006 were $326.0 million, compared to $288.0 million in 2005. Before 2005, our Aerospace company was one in which many of our activities were designed to support our prime helicopter operations. Our costs were too high for competition in the global subcontract market. In addition, the industry had gone through a consolidation that we had not participated in, and therefore, in terms of new business opportunities, we were on the sidelines looking in. Since then, we have made significant changes. We realigned the segment into four operating units to insulate most of the business from the greater prime helicopter overheads that all of the activities had previously shouldered, and since then have considerably reduced those overheads, as well. We upgraded our facilities. We targeted the opportunities having the best overall margin potential and avoided other business, sometimes at the cost of giving up things we had been doing for years. We put in place lean initiatives throughout and are constantly striving to improve our efficiencies and our processes. Our results are showing the benefit of these changes. Our margins in the Aerospace segment have improved, our business base is growing, and we have developed our reputation as a lower cost, high quality domestic partner to the prime aerospace manufacturers. Both the commercial aircraft market and the military helicopter market, two of our prime areas of focus, are strong and appear able to remain so for some time. Our task now is to perform on those contracts we already have, which will by themselves provide year-over-year growth for our Kamatics bearing business and our Aerostructures business, and we must be successful in taking advantage of other known opportunities we see emerging. The Aerospace segment remains in transition with important tasks yet to be completed, including our Australia SH­2G(A) helicopter program, the continuing work to bring the Joint Programmable Fuze (JPF) program fully on line, and efforts to increase the business base overall. A closer look at the financial and operational performance of the segment indicates that we have made good progress in each of these areas.

4

The Aerostructures Division plant in Jacksonville is operating at a higher level of output

the aerostructures division net sales for 2006 were $78.7 million, compared to $55.0 million in 2005. Aerostructures has made significant progress since completing the closing of an old Connecticut plant in 2003 and moving to expanded, modern facilities in Jacksonville, Florida. Both the metals operations at Jacksonville, and the composite materials operations at our PlasticFab facilities in Wichita, Kansas are operating at a higher level of output, producing subcontract assemblies and detail parts for commercial and military aircraft programs, including several models of Boeing commercial airliners, the Boeing C­17 military transport, and the Sikorsky BLACK HAWK helicopter. Today, the division's facilities are modern and efficient and its cost structure is competitive. The largest programs at the Jacksonville facility involve wing-structure assemblies for the Boeing C­17 military transport, cockpits for the Sikorsky BLACK HAWK helicopter, and subassemblies for the Boeing 777 commercial airliner. During the final months of 2006, we were notified by Boeing that the C­17 program will be continued for a minimum of 22 additional shipsets, extending deliveries at the current rate of 15 shipsets per year through at least the end of 2008. The program had previously been expected to conclude by the middle of 2007. During 2006, the BLACK HAWK cockpits program from Sikorsky made solid progress, with delivery of 56 cockpits during the year. In addition, production on the Boeing 777 airliner has tracked Boeing's favorable sales trend with the aircraft, and is currently at approximately seven shipsets per month. Activity also increased at PlasticFab. We won two promising new composite programs involving the Boeing 787 Dreamliner during 2006, including a multi-year contract from the Shenyang Aircraft Corporation of Shenyang, China to manufacture composite and metal panels for the vertical fin leading edge, which will be part of the Shenyang-supplied vertical fin on the new airliner, and a multi-year contract from Spirit AeroSystems for production of the composite flight deck floor for the aircraft. The company also won an award from Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation to manufacture and assemble composite tail rotor pylons for its MH­ 92 helicopters which will be operated by the Canadian Maritime Defence Forces as CH­148 Cyclones. Production also continued on commercial and military aircraft composite programs for Boeing, Bell Helicopter and others. Our facilities in Jacksonville and Wichita both have available capacity to take advantage of new opportunities we are actively pursuing.

5

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

the fuzing division net sales for 2006 were $71.1 million, compared to $64.1 million in 2005. These figures include sales for the company's Tucson-based Electro-Optics Development Center (EODC) of $3.4 million and $5.7 million respectively for 2006 and 2005. Management responsibility for the EODC was shifted to the division late in 2006. The Fuzing Division operates principally from plants in Middletown, Connecticut and Orlando, Florida, producing safe, arm and fuzing devices for major missile and bomb programs as well as precision measuring and mass memory systems for commercial and military applications. The division continued to make incremental progress in working through the technical and producibility phases of bringing its JPF program to desired levels of production at the Dayron facility in Orlando. This work involves strengthening the reliability of our supply chain, diagnosing and correcting technical issues, and improving material flow. We believe significant progress has been made with respect to many of these issues, and production quantities have been steadily increasing. We expect demand for the JPF to remain strong through 2007 and beyond. the helicopters division net sales for 2006 were $69.9 million, compared to $76.7 million in 2005. Figures for 2006 include the sale of one K­ MAX helicopter, the last available, while 2005 included the sale of four K­ MAX helicopters. While the Helicopters Division continues to market its SH­ 2G and K­ MAX aircraft, its focus has changed to bringing engineering and manufacturing support to the other primes in the industry. The Helicopters Division began to perform subcontract work for Sikorsky in 2006, specifically related to fuselage joining and installation tasks on the BLACK HAWK helicopter. This exposure to a new customer is creating the potential for additional opportunities for the division. The division is also continuing work under a program to provide depot level maintenance for SH­ 2G(E) helicopters delivered to the government of Egypt during the 1990s, along with initial planning for upgrades to those aircraft. New contracts were also received for work on the K­ MAX/BURRO research and development program, an unpiloted version of the helicopter for the U.S. Government. In 2006, the division made significant progress toward completion of the requirements of its 1997 helicopter production contract with the Commonwealth of Australia. As previously reported, completing the SH­ 2G(A) program for Australia has taken longer than expected and the contract

6

Our Kamatics/RWG aircraft bearing business achieved record sales in 2006

is in a loss position. Please refer to the Management's Discussion and Analysis (MD&A) section of this report for a discussion of the status of that program, including disclosure of various program issues that must still be resolved. kamatics, including our German bearing subsidiary, RWG, achieved record sales of $106.3 million in 2006, compared to $92.2 million in 2005, driven by a healthy international aerospace market and strong demand in the market for the unique capabilities provided by our high-end and cost-effective proprietary products. Operating from facilities in Bloomfield, Connecticut and Dachsbach, Germany, Kamatics and RWG products include our proprietary Kamatics self-lubricating bearings, currently in use in almost all military and commercial aircraft produced in North and South America and Europe, and marketleading products for applications requiring the highest level of engineering and specialization in the airframe bearing market. Orders and shipments were at record levels for the year with growth across the bearings lines of both Kamatics and RWG as well as the KAflex® coupling and wire products lines at Kamatics. The business had a record backlog at the end of the year. Growth prospects for this business remain good. While the strong market for commercial and military aerospace work has created a positive climate for growth throughout the industry, a meaningful contributor to Kamatics' growth has been the company's emergence as an industry leader in overall delivery performance. Worldwide, customers' engineering and quality departments have long considered Kamatics a leader in its field. Our "lean" transformation over the last several years has now earned us the further reputation as a leader in providing shorter lead-times and high on-time delivery performance. As a result of this, the company is seeing a wide range of attractive new opportunities, some of which could go into production as soon as 2007, and others of which could be realized three to five years from now. To accommodate anticipated growth, we expanded our capacity in Bloomfield by 25,000 square feet in 2006, and an additional 10,000 square feet is currently under construction with occupancy expected during the second quarter of 2007. In December 2006, Kamatics was awarded Pratt & Whitney Gold Supplier status, only the ninth supplier worldwide to ever receive this recognition.

7

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

industrial distribution segment

Our Industrial Distribution segment posted record operating income of $35.2 million in 2006, compared to $29.4 million in 2005. Net sales for 2006 were also a record at $665.4 million, compared to $621.9 million in 2005. The increase in sales for the year was driven by strong organic growth in the business as we won new national accounts and expanded relationships with existing customers. In 2006, the segment won major new business with two prestigious, nationally known companies. One of these new accounts is expected to become one of the segment's largest. The segment also won renewal of all of its major agreements that were expiring. The industrial distribution business is a scalable business that can leverage its infrastructure to raise operating margins as sales increase. While the business is strongly influenced by general national economic conditions and the base business tends to track the Industrial Production Index, it is also an industry in which the three top players, including Kaman, are all adding market share due to both consolidation in the ranks of distributors and the inclination of the larger manufacturers to concentrate their purchases through national account arrangements such as those we have been winning in recent years. As was the case in 2006, this tends to enable the segment to grow at a rate somewhat in excess of the U.S. industrial economy. Winning new accounts leads to expansion of the segment's geographic footprint. New branches were opened in 2006, and more are planned for 2007. In addition, the segment is working to expand its product offerings, particularly in the field of fluid power. We are confident that all of these things taken together, combined with our continued pursuit of acquisition opportunities, will continue to sustain the strong performance of 2006 over the longer term.
music segment

The Music segment's operating income for 2006 was $11.6 million, compared to $13.0 million for 2005. Net sales for 2006 were $214.8 million, including $52.6 million from Musicorp, compared to $191.3 million, including $28.7 million from Musicorp in 2005.

8

The value added that Kaman brings to the market allows us to secure exclusive distribution agreements with premier product lines

Higher energy prices and a weakening housing market took their toll on the music industry in 2006, with two national retailers filing for bankruptcy during the year. Within that challenging environment, however, was a period of meaningful achievement as Kaman continued to build the value of its music business. During the year, we completed the consolidation of the 2005 acquisition of Musicorp and continued to reduce Musicorp operating expenses. We also converted our distribution agreement with Sabian Cymbals into an exclusive distribution contract, expanding an important product offering to proprietary brand status and, in January 2007, Elixir Strings selected Kaman as its exclusive U.S. distributor. The added value that Kaman brings as the largest independent distributor of musical instruments and accessories has allowed us to secure these arrangements. The company has also used its sophisticated large-scale business systems to create a proprietary software system link to our inventories for our customer base of several thousand retailers. Users range from the industry's largest national chains, which require such systems, to the smallest neighborhood music stores, which gain the benefit of greater efficiency. All of this should benefit the company when the outlook for musical instrument sales improves.
sustaining the momentum

As always, I would like to thank our management team, Board of Directors, and nearly 4,000 employees, whose combined efforts are responsible for what we have achieved. We have come a long way in transforming Kaman Corporation, and the future looks bright for continued growth. With our recapitalization in late 2005 that took us from a dual class, nonvoting structure to a single class of voting stock, and with the improving financial performance that we are achieving, investor community interest in the company has increased. We are working hard to sustain the momentum of our recent successes, and I believe that Kaman is well positioned to continue building shareholder value in the years ahead.

PAUL R. KUHN

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

9

