 T o My Fellow Shareholders:
Two-thousand-six was a year in which KBR reflected on a proud history and prepared for exciting new beginnings. On November 16, we marked a significant milestone in the company’s 105-year history, successfully completing the initial listing of our shares on the New York Stock Exchange. I have been very pleased by the positive public reception KBR has received since we took this important step toward becoming a stand-alone company, which occurred on April 5, 2007.
A Company in Transition
Along with the excitement of 2006 came challenges and frankly some disappointments as KBR recognized a number of charges and impairments that affected our financial results. They included: a significant second- quarter charge related to anticipated cost overruns on a gas to liquids project in Nigeria; three impairments related to our ownership interests in a railroad in Australia and a toll road in the United Kingdom; and provisions taken in the fourth quarter to cover anticipated cost overruns for an overseas embassy project.
As a stand-alone company, separate and apart from Halliburton, our owner for the last 44 years, this manage- ment team is committed to preventing a recurrence of the circumstances that led to these charges. To improve KBR’s performance and maintain the confidence that
our shareholders place in the company’s management, we have taken decisive action to change both our organizational structure and our culture. The changes include the following initiatives:
. Create a culture which emphasizes risk awareness in everything we do,
. Restructure our organization for the realities of our business and the needs of our clients, and
. Focus on our core values: accountability, transparency, discipline and financial responsibility.
Increasing Our Risk Awareness
Risk is inherent in our business. It is something we must accept, manage and mitigate in order to operate successfully. The first step is awareness. We are working toward achieving “best-in-class” risk awareness across everything we do, using a six-step process that includes: early identification, accurate measurement, careful analysis, appropriate pricing, effective management and detailed reporting.
We are using this risk-awareness process to improve our ability to recognize and manage a variety of risks, including technical and execution risks associated with our projects as well as commercial, financial, legal, regulatory and governmental risks, to name just a few. Given the types of projects we execute and the areas in which we operate, it is imperative that we embrace a culture of best-in-class risk awareness as part of our corporate DNA.
Restructuring Our Organization
In August 2006, I announced a restructuring of KBR’s organization to increase transparency, create clearer lines of accountability and simplify our structure while enabling our two business units, Energy & Chemicals (E&C) and Government & Infrastructure (G&I), to reinforce the company’s focus on our clients. Each business unit is charged with maintaining client relations, developing segment strategies, overseeing sales and marketing activities, and managing profit and loss activities across the multitude of projects being executed at any given time.
We have created three departments that interact across both of our business units. They are: Business Development Oversight (BDO), Project Management Oversight and Controls (PMOC), and Engineering, Procurement, Construction and Services (EPCS).
By bringing an independent perspective to our major project pursuits, BDO provides a “double regard” that enables
        1901
Kellogg is founded
in New York by Morris W. Kellogg
as a small pipe fabrication company.
1919
George and Herman Brown join together
with their brother-in-law, Dan Root, and found Brown & Root, a road construction company in Houston, Texas.
1927
Kellogg establishes
its first laboratory
for pilot testing new technologies, forming the foundation of KBR’s strong research and development focus that still exists today.
1

KBR to better assess project risk and return trade-offs in a transparent and objective framework during the pursuit and capture phase. With oversight from this department, we expect to achieve strategically priced projects that will help us avoid the write downs
and charges that have occurred in the past.
The PMOC department brings a consistent project execution discipline across all KBR projects, ensuring that they are executed according to our practices, policies and procedures, using the appropriate project management systems.
The EPCS department oversees the management of KBR’s most important resource, our employees, and ensures that each project is staffed with qualified personnel on a timely basis. Also charged with overseeing the allocation of work across each of KBR’s execution centers, EPCS will help balance our workloads globally, enhancing efficiency as well as our delivery of successful capital or services projects on a timely and cost-effective basis.
I am confident that the creation of these departments will greatly increase our financial and operating performance, leading to a more predictable and profitable KBR.
Focusing on Our Core Values
Our new beginning as a stand-alone company provides a great opportunity, and an absolute imperative, to articulate and embrace the core values of KBR. These core values, which must be the basis for all of our interactions with customers, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders, are: accountability, transparency, discipline and financial responsibility.
Accountability is about taking ownership for outcomes. As such, it is incumbent on our employees to set and work to the highest standards so that we can achieve our established goals across the company.
Transparency will allow for the open and honest communication that is crucial to our success. Only when communications are transparent can we truly identify, analyze and mitigate risk.
Discipline is critical to achieving consistent, predictable results that provide the expected benefits to our shareholders, customers and employees. Coupled with transparent communication, a disciplined focus will lead to sound execution processes that will help us manage and mitigate risk.
Financial responsibility translates into process improvements leading to solid and consistent financial performance. As we move forward, we must recognize that every one of our decisions influences our financial results in some manner. That thinking must permeate our project execution, processes and daily operations so that we succeed in creating the best value for all of our stakeholders.
Our ability to incorporate these core values in all of our activities, and make them an integral part of our culture, is key to our future success.
Backlog Will Drive Future Results
We delivered net income of $168 million, or $1.20 per share, for 2006 and ended the year with a backlog of $13.5 billion of booked work, a healthy increase from $10.6 billion the previous year.
Our Energy & Chemicals (E&C) segment produced operating income of $45 million on revenue of $2.38 billion and ended 2006 with a $5.7 billion backlog.
Our Government & Infrastructure (G&I) segment produced 2006 operating income of $201 million on revenue of $7.25 billion and ended the year with a backlog of $7.8 billion.
Our increased backlog, driven by a number of significant new contract awards that are discussed in later sections, provide a solid foundation for 2007 and beyond.
        2
1936
Brown & Root secures the construction contract for the Marshall Ford Dam, a mile long and
27 stories high – the biggest structure to be built in Texas.
1940
Brown & Root
is awarded a contract to help build a naval air station at Corpus Christi, Texas.
1941
Brown & Root enters
the shipbuilding business and, with up to 25,000 workers, completes 359 destroyer escorts and other vessels for the U.S. Navy, earning five Navy Excellence Awards and
a Presidential Citation.

Outlook for 2007
Two-thousand-seven presents both challenges and opportunities for KBR. We are pleased with the competitive positions we occupy in our chosen markets and the growth that we see in those markets over the coming years. This is our opportunity. The challenge will be to secure and successfully execute projects in a manner that provides an acceptable risk-adjusted rate of return for our shareholders. I have every confidence that the new KBR organization and our 56,000 valued employees are
up to the task.
Early 2007 brought KBR’s formal departure from Halliburton. We have charted a new course and
are embarking, with great enthusiasm, on the new opportunities we see as a stand-alone company. While we may experience some growing pains during this transition, I believe we are exceptionally well positioned to meet the challenges and deliver results. We have strong market positions, the best people in the industry, and a new structure and way of doing business that will make us a more efficient, high-performing organization.
Our success will afford our employees greater opportunities to work on exciting and financially successful projects. For shareholders, it is the path to enhanced profitability and more consistent financial returns. For all of our stakeholders, it means a chance to be affiliated with one of the great global engineering, construction and service companies.
We have a proud history and a great opportunity for exciting new beginnings. I look forward to sharing with you our successes and accomplishments over the coming years.
Very truly yours,
William P. Utt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer May 2007
   William P. Utt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
        1942
Kellogg builds the world’s first fluid catalytic cracking facility in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.
1946
Brown & Root receives its first major overseas assignment as the managing partner
for the reconstruction of Guam.
1947
Brown & Root builds the world’s first offshore platform 43 miles south of Morgan City, Louisiana, beyond the sight of land.
3
 