  To My Fellow Shareholders:
In 2011, KBR achieved strong operating results, experienced continued success in delivering projects, and won significant new awards. We continued building and leveraging our extensive capabilities, broad geographic footprint and strong customer relationships
to solidify our market positions and develop new avenues for growth.
As renewed economic turmoil in many corners of the world took a toll on stock values across
a broad spectrum of companies and industries, we maintained an unwavering focus on creating value in this unsettled environment. Despite a disappointing stock performance in 2011, KBR ranked near the top of our peer group in overall stock performance for our shareholders. As KBR remains a long-term focused company, our three- year stock price has appreciated 83 percent from December 31, 2008 to December 31, 2011. Also during 2011, we deployed $148 million of cash for the benefit of our shareholders, representing $118 million in share repurchases and $30 million in dividend payments.
Corporate Responsibility Rules
Our focus on growth and value is second only to our commitment to safe operations and the highest standards of business conduct.
KBR has a strong safety record and continuously strives to make improvements. During 2011, we reduced the recordable incident rate by 3 percent and the lost-time injury rate by 17 percent. We are pleased with the downward trend, but we won’t be satisfied until we are incident and injury free.
We also have worked very hard to build a cul- ture of compliance and transparency. In every employee, we strive to ingrain the imperative to do things the right way every time, without exception. In February 2012, our corporate-wide compliance success was reflected in the termi- nation of the three-year corporate monitorship that resulted from the actions of people before KBR became a stand-alone company. We are pleased to put this chapter behind us and are committed to compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
Earnings Set New Records
Our earnings per fully diluted share rose to
$3.16 for 2011, up 53 percent from the prior year. Operating income was $587 million and our net
income attributable to KBR reached $480 million, an increase of 47 percent over 2010.
Excluding expected declines associated with our LogCAP work, revenue grew 4 percent.
Our job income backlog continued to strengthen, growing 4 percent during the year despite a 9 percent reduction in revenue backlog, reflecting the reduction in lower-margin legacy projects.
Businesses Continue to Deliver
Building on our tremendous breadth of franchise and exceptional capabilities to reliably deliver complex projects, even in the most challenging environments, we have set our sights on leader- ship positions in each of our 13 market-facing businesses.
In the Hydrocarbons Business Group, our Gas Monetization Business Unit is a leader in its space. Positioned to win and successfully deliver the multi-billion-dollar liquefied natural gas (LNG) and gas to liquids (GTL) projects – it continues to produce great financial results and maintains attractive growth prospects. Our Oil and Gas Business Unit is leveraging a large volume of engineering work in all relevant global offshore markets, to pursue an expanded role as an EPC contractor for offshore and onshore proj- ects. Our Downstream Business Unit stands to benefit from a rebound in the U.S. market driven by low-cost shale gas supplies. In Technology, Business Unit income grew 36 percent and backlog grew 28 percent during 2011.
Our Infrastructure, Government & Power Business Group is applying its skills, capabilities and reputation as the premier provider in contin- gency environments to broaden its project and customer base. Our North American Government & Logistics Business Unit made a successful transition in Iraq from supporting U.S. troops to supporting the U.S. Department of State. Our International Government, Defence and Support Services Business Unit captured organic growth opportunities in Afghanistan while delivering outstanding performance under a long-term contract with the British Ministry of Defence.
In the Power and Industrial Business Unit, we added engineering capabilities and realized
over $700 million of new awards in 2011, allowing KBR to be recognized again as a leading EPC player in the power industry.
In 2012, we reorganized our Infrastructure & Minerals Business Unit to break out Minerals
as a stand-alone business unit in order to maximize opportunities in this vibrant market.
Our Services Business Group remains heavily concentrated in North America, where we are seeing a very promising rebound in
the construction market. Key drivers are
the resurgence of the North American hydrocarbon industry due to shale gas opportunities and power projects
William P. Utt
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
which had been on hold pending new environmental regulations that were finalized in December. While 2011 revenues were down from the previous years, our new awards at Services more than doubled, paving the way for strong results in 2012.
Expanded Role Offers Path to Growth
Despite the exceptionally diverse base of businesses we have built across the globe,
we continue to see significant opportunities for future growth. One initial area of focus will be expanding the scope of our involvement in proj- ects, essentially increasing our “share of wallet.”
We are also looking to develop a direct hire construction capability, rather than outsourcing this component on our international projects. This increased vertical integration is consistent with the model we use in North America, and it is well within our core capabilities. We also see opportunities to expand our role to include fabrication services through collaboration agreements with fabricators.
Just as we are moving deeper into projects,
we are moving deeper into markets with the continued build-out of our geographic footprint. We now have more than 90 offices worldwide, improving our access to customers and to the local content that has become vital for many project awards. That number will continue to grow, enhancing our opportunities while building enduring capabilities in the regions where we operate. One of the best examples is our new General Engineering Services (GES) Plus office in Saudi Arabia, which will utilize local talent
to perform up to one million hours per year of engineering work for Aramco.
Building from a Position of Strength
We are pleased to welcome to the KBR Board of Directors Linda Cook, former Executive Director for Shell Gas and Power, and Jack Moore, CEO of Cameron International. I know their knowl- edge and wisdom will be a great asset to KBR as we chart our course for the future.
With a strong balance sheet and substantial credit capacity, we have ample resources to support the growth opportunities we have identi- fied. We will proceed thoughtfully, reflecting our core values and our best-in-class risk awareness and management, which have driven consistent financial performance over the last five years.
I am looking forward to 2012 with a great deal of optimism about our future. We are building from a position of strength. I am confident that as markets stabilize, KBR’s stock price will better reflect our underlying strengths, exceptional performance and attractive growth prospects.
Very truly yours,
William P. Utt Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April 2012
 1
