 Terence E. Adderley, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (left); Carl T. Camden, President and Chief Operating Officer (right).
TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
The world has changed since we published our last annual report: our lives have been profoundly affected by the tragic events of September 11, both in business and on a deeply personal level.
Economic Impact of a Recession
Prior to September, the economy began to slow significantly and our business felt the impact. After months of speculation and three consecutive quarters of economic stagnation, economists finally agreed: we were in a recession.
Contrary to popular myth, the staffing industry does not do well in an economic downturn. As businesses seek to lower costs by making reductions in their workforce, the temporary staff budget is often first to be cut. This proved to be the case in 2001, and our sales and net earnings were significantly affected.
2001 Results
Kelly’s sales for the year 2001 totaled nearly $4.3 billion, down 5% from our record sales of $4.5 billion for the previous year. Net earnings for 2001 were $16.5 million, 81% lower than the $87 million we earned in 2000. Diluted earnings per share were $.46 compared to $2.43 per share last year.
However, our performance was better than might have been expected, given the severity of this recession. We put more than 700,000 people to work, retained existing customers, gained new ones, turned a profit, and grew market share. In fact, we opened more than 50 branches during 2001, including Kelly’s first office in Hong Kong, our 26th country.
3
 
Over the past 55 years, Kelly has weathered a number of recessions,
giving us the experience to manage through the current economy.
Responding to the Recession
Over the past 55 years, our company has weathered a number of recessions, giving us the experience to manage successfully through the current economy. Our business objectives in this downturn were clear: preserve our relationships, maintain our branch network, and gain market share while controlling expenses and improving our financial position.
Strengthening relationships with our customers and temporary employees was a critical focus in 2001. As demand began to rapidly decline, we concentrated on helping our customers adjust their workforce to match their requirements. We also made a conscious decision not to retreat from markets or from our business lines. At the same time, special efforts were made to keep our valued temporary employees actively assigned. As a result, we were able to grow market share.
Controlling expenses also received our full attention. We implemented expense reduction initiatives at headquarters and across all our business segments — U.S. Commercial, Professional, Technical and Staffing Alternatives, and International. We made judicious reductions in staff, both in the field and at headquarters, and later in the year suspended the opening of new branches.
In short, Kelly recommitted to the basics that underpin our business: selling, recruiting, hiring, assigning employees, strengthening relationships with our customers and temporary employees, and increasing productivity. These basics continue to apply in all phases of the economic cycle.
Strengthening our Financial Position
A strong financial position is vital to success during a recession.
In keeping with Kelly’s long-standing conservative accounting and financial practices, we continued to maintain a strong balance sheet. The company has no long-term debt, and the modest amount of short-term debt we carried was reduced during the year.
To further strengthen our cash position, the board of directors reduced the quarterly dividend on both Class A and Class B common stock, from $.25 to $.10 per share. While not an easy decision to make, the reduction aligned us more closely with current dividend practice and measurements. It is important to note that this has been the only dividend reduction since Kelly began paying dividends 39 years ago — an achievement very few companies share.
Building Leadership
Kelly Services® has changed dramatically during the last decade. To better manage a complex, multibillion-dollar corporation, we realigned the company into three business segments, increased our focus on domestic and
  
 global expansion, expanded our breadth of services, and assembled a talented group of executives to guide the company. Our management team represents a balanced mix of industry veterans and skilled professionals, which positions us well for the future.
This year, we took another important management step, promoting Carl Camden to President of Kelly Services and naming him to our board of directors, effective December 1, 2001. Over the years, Carl has managed a number of critical areas including Field Operations, Sales, and Marketing. Only the fourth president in our history, Carl will continue as Chief Operating Officer, working closely with Terry Adderley, who led the company through an unprecedented period of growth and expansion during his 33-year tenure as Kelly’s President. Terry will continue as Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer of Kelly Services.
We also promoted Michael Morrow to Senior Vice President of Marketing and Marc Rosenow to Senior Vice President of Service. These individuals are charged with creating innovative products and services to support both temporary employees and customers.
In October, Eileen Youds joined Kelly as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer. Eileen is responsible for integrating new and existing global systems to meet the current and future business strategies of the company.
Positioned for Recovery
Just as recessions vary in severity and length, recoveries differ as well. History has shown that the demand for temporary staffing increases quickly as the economy recovers. This has been true for every recession since Kelly began. While we expect the pattern will be repeated, there are no guarantees. For that reason, we continue to maintain conservative financial practices, while aggressively growing our company.
In closing, we want to thank our full-time and temporary employees for their dedicated efforts during a difficult year. We are also most appreciative of our customers, whose loyalty sustains us, our board of directors for their thoughtful guidance, and you, our stockholders, for the confidence you place in Kelly Services. We will continue to do our best to earn your support.
Terence E. Adderley
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Carl T. Camden
President and Chief Operating Officer
In 2001, Kelly recommitted to the basics of our business: selling, recruiting, hiring, assigning employees, strengthening relationships, and increasing productivity.
    5
