In a year marked by economic recession, Kelly Services accelerated its efforts to improve Strengthening Our Position
efficiencies, build on existing strengths, and align operations with our strategies. In spite of only moderate sales and earnings growth during 2002, we outperformed our competitors.
2002 Results
Kelly’s sales during 2002 totaled $4.3 billion, a 1.6 percent increase over 2001. Net earnings were $18.6 million, a 12.2 percent increase from the $16.5 million we earned in 2001. Diluted earnings per share were $.52 compared with $.46 achieved during the prior year.
While we are not yet back to our pre-recession records set in 2000, these results represent a significant improvement over 2001. We grew sales and earnings, gained market share, and put nearly 700,000 people to work in 26 countries.
 Terence E. Adderley
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer (left)
Carl T. Camden
President and
Chief Operating Officer (right)
By carefully managing expenses, we leveraged modest sales increases into solid earnings gains, and still directed funds toward growth. We were able to expand current business lines, enhance products, and deploy new productivity enhancements throughout the company. And, in response to customer demand, Kelly Engineering Resources® added new offices in France and the United Kingdom. Kelly Scientific Resources® expanded to Switzerland, Scotland, and Italy — bringing its total to more than 100 offices in 12 countries.
Several new enhancements were made to our office services line. Our Marketing and Service Departments introduced many improvements in employee testing and training. Kelly’s new behavior skills analysis helps us better match the right employees with the right assignment. A multilingual skills test identifies employees in high demand by companies serving the global marketplace. In addition, newly created accounting, medical, and legal office-skill evaluations allow us to focus on three new niche areas of office services staffing.
Our Service Department also launched programs designed to enhance the productivity of our field operations. In North America, we began deploying our new “front office” system. This state-of-the-art system, known as Kelly StaffNetTM, strengthens our ability to provide world-class service to our temporary employees and customers. In addition, we launched the all new PinPoint® Selection System, a proprietary suite of tools developed to help screen, evaluate, and hire the right employees to fit customer needs. Our internet and computer-based training programs were also significantly improved to provide full-time and temporary employees with the training, knowledge, and skills needed for success.
We strengthened Kelly’s financial position. Cash on hand increased from $83 million to $101 million, as we shortened the aging of our accounts receivable. In addition, Kelly Services purchased 500,000 shares of its Class A common stock, in a negotiated transaction, from the William R. Kelly Estate. Shares were purchased at a discounted price, and financed with available cash. The stock purchase represents a prudent and effective use of our solid balance sheet and strong cash position.
To Our
Stockholders
  It is important to remember that sales growth in our industry is very dependent upon growth in the economy.
3) 3)
   
Short-Term Uncertainty
We expressed concern throughout 2002 that the economic recovery was fragile in the United States. GDP growth slowed in the second half of the year and several key economic components such as consumer spending, corporate earnings, and capital spending remained under pressure. While the U.S. economy did grow somewhat in 2002, the recovery stalled in the fourth quarter.
In October 2002, we noted that the U.S. recovery did not appear to be taking on a traditional “V” or “U” shape, or even necessarily a “W” shape. Rather, it looked like it would turn out to be an “extended U,” which includes a longer period of limited or no growth. The “extended U” seems to be the pattern of this recession.
The U.S. recovery is stalled and, in our judgment, there is still a possibility of another dip. With 25% of our sales outside the U.S., we are also very concerned about the lengthening European recession.
We ended the year 2002 uncertain as to how 2003 would unfold for either the economy or for Kelly Services. It is important to remember that sales growth in our industry is very dependent upon growth in the economy. While we believe that we are probably in the early stages of a recovery, the near term outlook is not clear.
Our perspective is not markedly different than it was when we entered 2002, and our approach is much the same. Expense control is tight. We are maintaining sufficient cash to weather a second dip or to take advantage of a robust recovery. And we are meeting customers’ needs for new offices or service extensions.
Long-Term Optimism
On a longer-term view, we believe that Kelly is well positioned to return to pre-recession levels of sales and earnings performance. We have operated through a number of economic expansions and recessions. While it is not clear when this particular recession will end, this lack of visibility is not unusual at this point of the economic cycle.
Our experience, reflected in our financial conservatism and our marketing and operational competitiveness, gave us the flexibility to cope with the recession as it unfolded. Our excellent management team, with a balanced mix of industry veterans and skilled professionals, is positioned and ready to substantially increase market share as it successfully did during the last two years.
Our market share increase was earned, not by pursuit of short-term gain, but by following the strategies that have served us well over the years. We achieved our growth by remaining true to our commitment to ethics, quality service, and a constant focus on customers — many of them the world’s largest companies. We believe that great years lie ahead — a future rich in innovation, opportunity, and prosperity.
Our Shared Values
At a time when business credibility is under so much scrutiny, good old-fashioned values and performance are key to regaining, growing, and sustaining public confidence.
We have always strived to be a company with financial and business acumen, high standards of performance, and rock-solid integrity. Above all, we are distinguished by the quality of our people — talented, inventive, optimistic, and committed to being the best.
The recent business scandals have understandably heightened the public’s concern for ethics and the ethical standards of business. To our way of thinking, the reawakened level of attention to a wide range of ethical issues is a welcome development. Long before this year’s headlines and focus on financial reporting, Kelly’s ethical standards were firmly in place. These standards, established by our founder William Russell Kelly in 1946, are still expressed in our company’s Vision, Mission, Shared Values, and Quality Policy.
In the pages that follow, Dr. B. Joseph White, former dean of the University of Michigan Business School, managing director of Fred Alger Management, Inc., and a member of our board of directors, shares his thoughts about the ethical responsibilities of America’s business leaders. We believe his comments are reflective of Kelly’s philosophy and way of doing business.
This will be a period of great challenge and opportunity for Kelly Services. We are prepared to make significant changes as we continue to evolve as a progressive, forward-looking company. On the other hand, our basic principles will not change. Nor will we waver in making certain that the values upon which Kelly Services was founded will guide us in the years ahead.
We wish to thank our customers for their confidence and loyalty, our nearly 700,000 full-time and temporary employees who are the heart of Kelly Services, our stockholders for their faith and continuing support, and our board of directors for their ongoing commitment to our company and their guidance during the past year.
    (4
Terence E. Adderley
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Carl T. Camden
President and Chief Operating Officer
 We achieved our growth by remaining true to our commitment to ethics, quality service, and a constant focus on customers.
5) 5)
