  LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS February 3, 2006
    SPECIAL NOTE: Shortly after preparing the initial draft of this letter, Kelly Services Chairman and CEO, Terence E. Adderley, suffered a cardiac incident and has remained incapacitated since. The letter expresses his thoughts on the Company’s performance during 2005, his comments on strategic progress, and his outlook for the year.
2005
was a very good year for Kelly Services. We set a new record,
weather, high-profile bankruptcies, and geopolitical events threatened to disrupt progress, or halt it altogether. Early in the year, an unexpected and abrupt slowdown affected demand for temporary staffing and impacted our initial projections.
Yet, the pace did pick up again, and has continued on track. Unemployment rates have improved, corporate earnings have grown, capital spending is increasing, and nearly two million jobs were created during the year—174,000 of them in temporary staffing.
Taking into account these underlying economic conditions, and the positive trends we see in our own business, it
posting sales in excess of $5 billion for the first time. Our gross profit rate improved. Careful expense control and tightened operating efficiencies yielded significant results. In a highly competitive industry, we expanded our global presence, gained market share, and outperformed our peers. As a result, Kelly’s net earnings increased by 85% over last year.
These achievements are notable for several reasons.
The U.S. economy traveled a challenging road in 2005. Rising fuel prices, severe
Carl T. Camden (left) and Terence E. Adderley (right)
  4

 appears we are now in a period of solid sustainable growth.
Measuring Our Progress
In 2004, we outlined our strategy for returning to pre-recession earnings and set three challenging operational goals to guide our effort. During this past year, we met two of our three goals, and continue to make considerable progress on the third.
>>We grew sales faster than the industry average.
Kelly’s record sales of $5.3 billion for 2005 represents a year-over-year increase of 6.1%, as measured against an industry-wide growth average in the low single digits.
>>We increased earnings at a rate considerably faster than sales.
Our 2005 net earnings of $39.3 million surpassed our 2004 earnings of $21.2 million by 85%. Diluted earnings per share were $1.09, a significant improvement of 82% over last year’s EPS.
>>We are making good progress on controlling expenses.
When demand for temporary staffing leveled off early in 2005, we quickly took action, adjusting our budget and trimming expenses where necessary. As a result, we are now closer to our goal of holding controllable expenses to roughly half the rate of sales growth. Kelly’s expenses as a percentage of sales improved from the previous year to 15.2%, a trend we expect will continue.
Strategic Growth Plan on Track
Responsive to both demographic and economic change, Kelly’s strategic growth plan gives us the flexibility we need to capitalize on workforce
 dynamics and compete in the global marketplace.
With confidence the economy is now in a period of relative stability, we are actively pursuing our growth strategies. Let us share our progress this year.
>>We broadened our global footprint.
Temporary staffing is the ideal
solution for
today’s workplace— matching the needs of progressive employers with adaptable, mobile, highly skilled employees.
Early in 2005, Kelly entered Japan—the fourth largest
staffing market in the world.
An $18 million investment
in Tempstaff, Japan’s second
largest staffing company,
creates a promising strategic
alliance in this vibrant
Asian region. A joint
venture with Sony, and our
first Kelly Scientific
Resources® office in Japan,
further enhance our opportunities in this part of the world.
Early in 2006, we established an office in Istanbul, Turkey, bringing our global presence to 30 countries and territories.
>>We expanded our branch network.
In addition to filling in our U.S. branch network, we continued to globalize many
 5

  LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS
  of our PTSATMbusinesses by opening branches in high-growth markets around the world.
>>We introduced internal programs to improve productivity and quality.
During the year, we began to implement the PeopleSoft ® Payroll and Billing Project. This three-year initiative to transform the business processes and systems that make up our middle office will allow us to better serve
our customers and achieve greater cost efficiencies.
A Promising Future
The outlook for Kelly and the staffing industry remains bright.
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, more jobs will be created in personnel supply services than in any other industry this decade.
As job cycles shorten, the workforce ages, and skilled labor shortages become more widespread, competition for talent is expected to accelerate. To manage labor costs and attract scarce skilled labor, employers will turn with greater frequency to temporary help.
At the same time, today’s employees are equipped with adaptable skills and want more control over their work life. Many are becoming free agents—a movement that is especially pronounced in professional positions and those requiring technical expertise.
In this new workplace, temporary staffing is the ideal solution, matching the needs of
progressive employers with adaptable, ambitious employees.
Our Strengths
A review of our strengths finds Kelly in a strong position to take advantage of these emerging trends.
>>Our infrastructure is built to meet the needs of the world’s largest and most respected companies, making us a strong competitor for the very best employees.
>>The breadth of our staffing services is widely regarded; we are innovative and responsive to changing workforce demands.
>>Our recruitment, referral, training, and placement methods are unequaled.
>>We set the standard for quality and maintain that leadership position.
>>Kelly is a financially solid, well-managed company, with the resources and know- how to take advantage of key opportunities.
>>A 60-year history in the staffing industry gives us insight and a well-rounded perspective.
>>We are recognized as a company with strong business ethics, character and integrity.
Ahead of the Curve
Our ability to study trends, stay ahead of workforce change, and develop innovative staffing solutions in response to our customers keep Kelly at the forefront of our industry.
PeopleSoft is a registered trademark of PeopleSoft, Inc.
 6

 For example, a decade ago, we began our first branch of Kelly Scientific Resources in direct response to customer need. Today, as we celebrate KSR’s 10-year anniversary, the business has grown to become the world’s leading scientific and clinical research staffing operation with more than 100 locations in 16 countries.
On the Commercial side, Kelly Educational Staffing®, which provides substitute teachers and paraprofessionals to schools, is meeting a growing demand for skilled school personnel. KES has partnered with 45 states, the District of Columbia, and the United Kingdom, to serve over 2,900 schools, filling more than 2 million classrooms in only six years.
With baby boomers nearing retirement, the nation’s workforce is aging. This past year, Kelly was recognized as one of the AARP (formerly American Association of Retired Persons) best employers for mature workers, the only staffing company to be included in the ranking. In lauding our record, AARP noted the rapidly growing need for proven, well- educated, highly productive mature workers—a group that now comprises more than 10% of our workforce.
Recognizing Leadership
To better position us for the future, Kelly
Terence E. Adderley
made several new upper management assignments during the year. George Corona, Senior Vice President,
was given responsibility for
the U.S. Commercial segment. Michael Webster, Senior Vice President, is now responsible for Kelly’s PTSA business segment. And Catherine King, Senior Vice President, was appointed General Manager of our United Kingdom/Ireland Region.
Our capable management team, dedicated Kelly employees, and talented temporary workers define the character of this Company: to energize the evolving work world, meet the changing needs of employers, challenge ourselves to think in new ways and find new solutions, and create value for our stockholders.
We are grateful to our Board
of Directors, our customers,
and employees for helping us grow and inspiring us to do our best. We believe the future holds unlimited possibilities.
Carl T. Camden
Our ability to study trends, stay ahead
of workforce change, and develop innovative staffing solutions in response to our customers keep Kelly at the forefront of our industry.
T.E. Adderley
      7
