  To oUr SToCKholderS
   challenges head on. As 2011 drew to a close, the economy strengthened and our Company turned in a solid performance. We now stand firmly on a strong foundation, ready for long-term growth.
Becoming the Best
our strategic goals have remained fundamentally unchanged. Kelly is committed to:
• Maximizing value to stockholders
• Increasing profits and achieving
competitive returns
• diversifying our business mix and products
• And building solid, lasting relationships
with customers
To achieve those goals, we know the execution of our strategic plan must be as dynamic as the business world around us.
The staffing industry is in transition. It’s no longer enough for us to meet our customers’ current demands. We must excel at anticipating their future talent needs and develop the next generation of workforce solutions. This year, we created a vehicle to advance that objective: the office of Innovation. The organization is charged with fostering development of new industry-leading ideas and expediting their introduction into the marketplace.
That turnaround process requires great speed
and agility. In the past three years, we’ve trimmed
our organization, exited underperforming areas, and realigned our structure to meet real-world requirements. 2012 finds Kelly more responsive, efficient, and on target than ever before.
finally, to accelerate profitability, we have shifted our concentration to higher-end staffing services—setting our sights on becoming a premier provider of the professional and technical talent employers increasingly seek. The new focus strengthens our ability to prosper through future economic cycles, deliver greater
value for our customers, and optimize returns for our stockholders.
We are now well on our way to becoming the best global workforce solutions company.
A Solutions Leader
More than 65 years ago, Kelly pioneered the staffing industry. That imaginative spirit is still very much
alive today. now, we are leveraging our considerable experience to reinvent the future of work and serve as the nexus of free agent talent for companies around the globe.
What does it take to become a world-class workforce solutions expert?
As a leader in workforce solutions, we bring order to the complex world of work and serve as a talent supply partner.
In the ebb and flow of an increasingly interdependent global economy, we forge connections that people and businesses can’t make alone. We help customers assess changes in their industry and apply the new laws of supply and demand to their employee composition. We bring access to vast, scattered, and diverse talent. Customers can look to us for a comprehensive pool of talent—
from special project workers to interns, independent contractors to temporary and full-time employees. We are the conduit between individuals, small employers, the world’s top companies, and workforce suppliers.
In short, we design effective models to manage and maximize the new world of work.
A World of Talent
If this era has a prevailing theme, it is Job Creation. Kelly puts people to work, and this is our time of opportunity.
The trends are with us. A changing economy
can favor the free agent work style. An aging workforce is on the cusp of retirement, creating additional prospects. A progressively mobile population is amenable to contractual and temporary assignment. More employers are receptive to outsourcing work and need help recruiting and managing employees. demand is swelling in many professional and technical specialties, where Kelly is focusing its efforts.
every day, we’re confirming our capabilities, winning new accounts, and earning the loyalty of our customers.
A World of Talent truly describes today’s Kelly. our culture calls on us to pursue excellence and nurture the very best in people. To that end, we’ve made it a priority to attract and retain exceptional employees, free agents, and workforce suppliers. We know we are only as good as our team, and we are grateful to all who have worked hard this year to grow our Company. our performance is indeed a celebration of the talent they bring to the world.
CARL T. CAmDen
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 2012
 