   To Our Stockholders
The Year in Brief
2000 was a challenging year for Kelly Services. Early in the year, I announced a realignment of U.S. Commercial management in order
to reverse declining sales in our U.S. Commercial business. The realignment effort was successful and sales began to trend positive.
The U.S. dollar continued to strengthen against the euro and sterling, creating an unfavorable currency translation when converting local currency to dollars. Therefore, our reported sales understate our true sales, measured in local currency, by nearly 10% in the International segment. Also, early in the year, our United Kingdom executive management team experienced near total turnover. Sales and earnings
in the U.K. were almost immediately impacted.
In spite of these difficulties, the strong performance of our Professional, Technical and Staffing Alternatives (PTSA) businesses combined with the continuing improvement in U.S. Commercial enabled us to produce three quarters of sales and earnings gains over the prior year.
In the fourth quarter, the slowing U.S. and European economies reduced sales and earnings growth. The traditional fourth-quarter peak in holiday demand
did not occur for U.S. Commercial. The slowdown
in the automotive sector affected both PTSA and U.S. Commercial sales. Furthermore, a general housecleaning in the U.K. further reduced International sales and earnings.
In January of 2001, we lowered our fourth-quarter 2000 earnings estimate and indicated we were uncertain about the economic outlook and its impact on our business in 2001.
Financial Performance
In spite of the fourth-quarter results, based on the strength of the first three quarters and including an $8.6 million pre-tax gain from a fourth-quarter sale of land, the year 2000 marked the 9th consecutive year of increased sales and earnings per share. Sales totaled approximately $4.5 billion, a 5% increase over 1999. Net earnings were $87.2 million, up 2.4% from the previous year. Diluted earnings per share rose 3.0%
to $2.43 in 2000.
For the 29th consecutive year, the annual dividend was increased. The quarterly dividend on Class A and B common stock was raised 4.2% to 25 cents per share.
Business Expansion
We successfully expanded our base of operations in 2000 in all three segments – U.S. Commercial, PTSA and International.
An important part of our U.S. Commercial strategy was to improve our performance in cities with low market share. For example, the acquisition of the ProStaff Group in Milwaukee expanded our presence in that rapidly growing market. We also concentrated on Kelly Educational Staffing, a new product for U.S. Commercial. We now provide substitute teachers for more than 700 schools across 27 states.
We significantly expanded our PTSA branch network and introduced one new service, Kelly HR Consulting. This new service provides consulting in staffing-related areas such as recruiting, training and quality and serves as an extension of our core competencies.
   Terence E. Adderley Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 PAGE 2

  In the International division, we expanded into Asia by acquiring the Singapore-based Business Trends Group. The acquisition extended Kelly’s global coverage to Singapore, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand. We also acquired Extra ETT in Spain, which specializes in staffing for the automotive industry. Kelly now provides automotive staffing on three conti- nents. The continuing globalization of Kelly Services is highlighted in the theme section of this report.
Senior Management Changes
There were several key senior management changes this past year. We created the role of senior vice presi- dent and general manager of U.S. Commercial in April and appointed Arlene Grimsley, formerly the head of the PTSA division, to this position.
Also in April, Andrew Watt, formerly general manager of the Middle Markets commercial division, was named senior vice president and general manager of the PTSA division.
Rolf Kleiner, formerly the head of our PTSA Science and Healthcare Group, was appointed to lead our International efforts in December 2000.
Additional senior vice president appointments include George Corona, division general manager of Middle Markets; Carol Johnson, division general manager
of Metro Markets; and Bernard Tommasini, regional manager, Western Europe.
Looking Forward
In January of 2001, we stated we did not know if
the economy was at the beginning of an economic slowdown or of a recession. Economists still disagree. But we do know that even if it is only an economic slowdown, it may be severe.
Contrary to popular myth, staffing is not recession- proof. Companies do not lay off their permanent workforce and replace them with temporary workers in a recession. Temporary employees are often the first to be let go in a recession and the first to be brought back at the beginning of a recovery.
Staffing growth is very dependent upon Gross Domestic Product growth and workforce availability. Given the uncertainty of the economic forecasts, we are still uncertain about near-term growth rates. Looking beyond 2001, however, we believe we have positioned the company to return to double-digit sales and earnings growth.
Concluding Comments
Kelly has a strong balance sheet and the experience to weather even a lengthy recession. When the economic recovery begins, we expect to be well-positioned to again grow quickly.
We are focused on the basics that underpin success in our business: selling, recruiting, hiring, filling orders, the maintenance of customers and temporary employees, and increasing productivity. We are committed to doing this better than anyone else on behalf of our customers and our temporary employees.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Kelly Services, Inc.
 T.E. Adderley
 PAGE 3
