to our stockholders
   Our Vision To provide the world’s best workforce solutions
branches, reduced the number of fulltime employees by almost 1,900, and made sweeping operational changes—in the process realizing a cost savings of nearly $200 million. Of that total, $110 million was structural and will result in ongoing savings.
We also suspended all salary increases, incentive awards, and retirement plan contributions; reduced travel; and deferred capital expenditures. We are committed to effectively managing our costs of doing business.
Given the year’s economic turmoil and its impact on our business, we also took the difficult step
of suspending our cash dividend. This action was necessary to sustain our operations and ensure the long-term financial strength of Kelly.
Those decisive actions served to lessen the recession’s impact, and positioned us well for the future. We now have in place a significantly leaner framework that supports us both operationally and strategically to compete throughout the world, and sets the stage for our return to profitability.
A RevitAlized vision
Today’s labor market has undergone a fundamental shift. The global shortage of highly skilled talent, combined with a new awareness of the need for greater workforce flexibility, creates tremendous potential. And Kelly is ready.
We have realigned our vision and adjusted our strategic goals to match the new labor model, become more customer focused, and strengthen our commitment to return value to our shareholders.
We will achieve this by:
• Delivering a profit in every country, business, branch, and customer relationship. We will accomplish this by achieving success in the commercial staffing markets in which we compete, growing higher-margin specialty staffing, and expanding outsourcing and consulting services.
• Providing the right solutions to meet our customers’ evolving workforce needs. We will continue to identify and win new business, and deepen relationships with our existing customers by meeting a broader range of needs through our Commercial, Professional and Technical, and OCG businesses.
• Employing top talent for Kelly and for our customers. We will create a community for job candidates and free agents that engages them throughout their career and allows them to prosper with us.
A woRd of thAnks
The past year asked much of our employees and stockholders. We value the trust you have placed in Kelly and vow to do our best to reward your support and loyalty.
With significant organizational change in place, we are dedicated to pursuing our strategy with renewed energy and determination.
The labor market has strong potential for growth. Kelly’s position as one of the world’s most widely respected brands endures. And we are poised to capitalize on all the opportunities ahead.
CARl t. CAmden
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 2010
  