    Terence E. Adderley
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (right)
Carl T. Camden
President and Chief Operating Officer (left)
    4 KELLY SERVICES
2003 was a transitional year for the staffing industry. Sporadic economic conditions and a weak labor market marked the first half of the year. Finally, well into the third quarter, the recovery began to take hold and the labor market started to pick up. Concurrent with this, demand for our services began to show real strength.
2003 Results
Kelly’s sales during 2003 totaled $4.325 billion, a 6.6 percent increase over 2002. Net earnings were $5.1 million, a
72.5 percent decrease from the $18.6 million we earned in 2002. Diluted
earnings per share were $.14 compared with $.52 achieved during the prior year.
Escalating workers’ compensation claims and higher state unemployment taxes were primary contributors to our

 earnings decline during the year. These issues are quite typical coming out of a recession and should have only a short- term effect.
Positioned for the Recovery
Kelly Services emerges from the recession well-positioned for growth. We own and operate 2,500 offices in 26 countries. We employ nearly 700,000 skilled, capable employees to fill positions at a variety of companies around the world—including more than 90 percent of the Fortune 500.
We are ready to meet the accelerated increase in demand for temporary staffing that is common early in a recovery. Companies, still wary of the economy, often add temporary employees to gear up. As confidence builds and those same companies assemble a permanent workforce, we can expect to see temporary-to- permanent fees increase along with continuing solid increases in demand for temporary labor.
During the recession, we sacrificed short-term earnings in order to secure long-term growth. We preserved our strong balance sheet and capital structure, and closely managed expenses. Our branch network and
product line-up are intact. We do not need to rebuild to meet the expected increased demand for temporary staff. The actions we have taken give us a head start in this recovery.
Long-Term Optimism
We see a bright, long-term future for temporary staffing, and for Kelly Services.
Our focus on serving large customers and market-dominant companies allows us to expand quickly to new geographic areas in concert with their needs. Over the remainder of this decade, one of our goals is to fill out our existing branch networks in several countries and expand into new countries through limited acquisitions and startups. We also have many opportunities to further globalize our Professional, Technical and Staffing Alternatives businesses. Demand for these specialty services is accelerating around the world.
The temporary staffing concept continues to expand rapidly into exciting new areas. For example, in 2003 Kelly began offering a new service called Kelly FedSecureTM to help customers meet the growing demand for employees with security clearance.
Demand for temporary employees typically accelerates early in a recovery, and Kelly is ready to meet that demand.
We see a bright, long-term future for temporary staffing, and for Kelly Services. T.E. ADDERLEY
2003 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 5

   Our focus on serving large customers and market-dominant companies allows us to expand quickly to new geographic areas in concert with their needs.
                         6 KELLY SERVICES
And we continued to expand Kelly Educational Staffing®, our substitute teacher and educational staffing business that now serves more than 1,600 schools in 39 states and the District of Columbia.
Demographic and workplace trends also bode well for our industry. Looking for balance between work and leisure, controllable schedules, and variety in their jobs, employees are seeking more flexible arrangements. In the 1990’s, the percentage of temporary employees in the U.S. workforce increased from 1.3 percent to 2.3 percent. While it declined slightly during the recession, we expect it to increase to 3.3 percent by the end of the decade.
At the same time, job life cycles—the length of time a job can be expected to exist—are shortening. Project work is
increasing. Technology continues to reshape work. And, to stay competitive, companies will need a larger component of their workforce to be flexible.
Kelly Services is at the intersection of these two trends. Temporary employees allow our customers to quickly adjust staffing levels and skill sets to match the changing demand for their services and products. With our variety of service offerings and exceptional programs, Kelly is both a trusted manager and an experienced supplier of human resource solutions for today’s innovative employers and employees.
The Kelly Difference
Business ethics and credibility continue to be issues of concern, even as new regulations address the ways in which companies conduct and report corporate activities.

At Kelly, we embrace the tried and true values of our founder, and our standards are clearly expressed in the Company’s Vision, Mission, Shared Values, and Quality Policy. We will continue to operate as a company grounded in strong principles as we pursue innovative staffing solutions, growth, and opportunity.
Following this letter, you will find an essay about “SUTA Dumping”—an unethical scheme used by some companies to avoid paying their fair share of unemployment taxes. Although adhering to the spirit of the law has caused Kelly’s unemployment taxes to increase significantly, our Company has not engaged in this unprincipled practice. In fact, we worked throughout 2003 to bring this issue to the forefront by talking to federal and state legislative groups about the hardships that SUTA Dumping inflicts on all legitimate businesses.
Terence E. Adderley
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Recognizing Leadership
This year, we were pleased to promote Allison M. Everett to Senior Vice President of Information Technology and Chief Information Officer, and Dana M. Warren to Senior Vice President of Service.
In early 2004, we welcomed Jane E. Dutton to our board of directors.
Dr. Dutton is the William Russell Kelly professor of business administration at the University of Michigan Business School, and her expertise will be a valuable addition to our board.
We wish to thank our customers for their confidence and loyalty, our nearly 700,000 full-time and temporary employees who are the heart of Kelly Services, our stockholders for their faith and continuing support, and our board of directors for their ongoing commitment to our company and their guidance during the past year.
Carl T. Camden
President and Chief Operating Officer
    2003 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT 7
