 “We’re taking a strategic approach to our businesses globally, with a focus on building brands, fostering innovation and partnering
with customers.”
Dear Shareholders:
Looking back on 2007, Kimberly-Clark again delivered on its top- and bottom-line commitments despite continued significant inflationary pressure. Our Personal Care business performed particularly well, with excellent sales and profit growth in developing and emerging (D&E) markets and in North America, as well as improved profits in Europe. Moreover, we made significant progress in further implementing the strategies of the Global Business Plan we introduced four years ago. I want to thank our 53,000 employees worldwide who delivered
on our 2007 financial goals while making the changes necessary to enhance our future competitive position as a global health and hygiene company.
Benefiting From the Global Business Plan’s Implementation
I’ll have more to say about our financial performance later in this letter. First, let me review the significant, positive change that is under way at K-C. The company is investing in the right areas to build for tomorrow and to drive sustainable growth. Our cost reduction efforts are freeing up funds to support the targeted growth initiatives we launched in 2005 as well as the capabilities needed to fulfill them. As you saw on the preceding pages, we’ve been raising the bar on those capabilities. We’re taking a strategic approach to our businesses globally, with a focus on building brands, fostering innovation and partnering with customers. In the simplest terms, our efforts are about delivering sustainable growth today and for many years to come.
We’re seeing tangible evidence that K-C is benefiting from the changes we’ve made, and continue to make, since introducing the Global Business Plan. Here are just a few examples of how our improved capabilities are translating into positive results:
• Weincreasedmarketingsupportforourbrandsbyalmost$50millionin2007.Notonlyhave we raised spending levels, we have made significant progress in re-engineering our marketing approach to address the changes taking place in a dynamic marketplace. As a result, we are taking more innovative approaches that connect with consumers in highly relevant ways.
Our marketing strategies are helping improve brand equity and market shares and are spurring excellent organic growth in a number of businesses.
• Consumerinsightsfromkidsandtheirmomsledtoanothermajorinnovation:GoodNites Sleep Boxers and Sleep Shorts, the first disposable youth pants that look and feel like today’s popular boxer-style underwear. As a result, we enjoyed solid volume and market share growth for our child care franchise in North America.
• InnovativeapproachestomarketingandcustomerdevelopmentresultedinK-C’sNorth American consumer products business being ranked in the top 10 for the second straight year in the influential Cannondale PoweRanking survey of U.S. retailers. In similar surveys among European customers, K-C achieved top 10 status in several countries, including two of our core markets: the United Kingdom and Spain.
• RecognizingK-C’scontinuedfocusonsustainabledevelopment,theDowJonesSustainability World Indexes ranked us No. 1 among all personal products companies for the third straight year. Given that only about 10 percent of the 2,500 largest companies worldwide qualify for inclusion
10

 in the indexes, we are particularly honored by this recognition. We know sustainability delivers business value, and we are leveraging our strong legacy and foundation in this area to support our brands and operations.
Now let’s take a look at some of the highlights of each of our four business segments:
Driving Growth in Personal Care Through Innovation
In 2007, our Personal Care brands benefited from fresh marketing approaches supported by a continuing stream of innovations. We strengthened our leadership position in baby and child care and adult care, one of our targeted growth initiatives. In fact, sales and operating profit grew at a double-digit rate for Personal Care.
In Europe, we supported the diaper and baby wipes businesses by creating an innovative marketing strategy that included teaming up with our customers’ moms-and-babies clubs, allowing us to create a dialogue with expectant and new mothers. In North America, we supported the Huggies brand with alternative media, including on-demand video programming and customized in-store promotions, as well as traditional advertising. Our marketing was underpinned by improvements in the shape and fit of our premium-tier Huggies diapers, which, together with strong performance in baby wipes, helped drive high single-digit volume gains across these businesses in North America and Europe.
In adult care, innovations that enhance discretionŸby increasing protection, the category’s
No. 1 consumer needŸhave been made to both the Poise and Depend brands. That helped K-C improve its competitive position in this $2 billion global category, with the North American business recording mid-single-digit volume growth.
Progress against two other targeted growth initiativesŸaccelerating growth in D&E markets and strengthening our regional positions in feminine careŸalso contributed to Personal Care’s strong performance. D&E Personal Care sales climbed almost 21 percent in 2007. Among those countries we identify as BRICITŸBrazil, Russia, India, China, Indonesia and TurkeyŸChina’s sales grew the fastest, with growth exceeding 40 percent. K-C has a presence in more than 30 major cities there, and our focus on the premium diaper segment is reaping benefits, with leading market shares in the key cities of Beijing and Shanghai.
In Russia, Personal Care sales increased more than 30 percent in 2007. Growth there and throughout Eastern Europe for branded health and hygiene products supports investment in production capacity, and K-C began construction of its first manufacturing facility in Russia in September 2007. The facility is slated to open in 2009.
We continue to focus on creating value in feminine care in D&E countries, leveraging successful strategies across regions. For example, product development teams in Latin America and Southeast Asia collaborated to create a highly innovative ultrathin product with greater absorbency for greater comfort. Backed by an insight-driven marketing campaign emphasizing feminine aesthetics and packaging, the new product was launched under such brand names as Kotex and Intimus in nine countries in South America and contributed to double-digit volume growth for K-C's feminine care business in Latin America.
         11

     S
K-C’s strong overall D&E growth was facilitated by our increasing capability in understanding and meeting the needs of both the modern trade and the variety of smaller customers who still represent a substantial part of the market. Customer insights and best practices developed in the company’s Latin American business are now being applied across the globe.
Supporting Consumer Tissue Brands With a Focus on Marketing
Although the bottom line has been pressured by higher pulp and distribution costs, we continued to invest in our Consumer Tissue brands. We supported the Kleenex facial tissue and Viva towel franchises with stepped-up marketing and product improvements this past year. We launched the highly acclaimed “Let It Out” campaign for Kleenex simultaneously in the U.S. and U.K. in January 2007. For Viva, which enjoyed double-digit volume growth, K-C launched its first major national ad campaign in almost 10 years. It included a unique, six-page ad insert— complete with product sample—in magazines reaching targeted consumers.
Bath tissue performed well, with volume gains of more than 5 percent in North America, driven by growth of the Scott brand. K-C re-launched the Cottonelle brand with significant improvements in softness and strength backed by innovative marketing. The company also introduced improved flushable moist wipes under the Cottonelle and Scott brands. Sales volumes for these wipes continued to grow at a strong double-digit rate.
A new uncreped through-air dried (UCTAD) tissue machine began production mid-year at K-C’s Beech Island, South Carolina, facility, allowing us to further utilize this proprietary technology to support growth of our rolled products business.
GLOBAL STRATEGIC LEADERSHIP TEAM
U TAIAB SN
 12
Anthony J. Palmer
Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
Jan B. Spencer
President of Kimberly-Clark Professional
Lizanne C. Gottung
Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
Robert E. Abernathy
Group President of Developing and Emerging Markets
Thomas J. Mielke
Senior Vice President of Law and Government Affairs and Chief Compliance Officer
 2007
OUTSTANDING GROWTH IN PERSONAL CARE
20%
12%
Sales Operating Profit
STRONG VOLUME GROWTH IN BRICIT COUNTRIES
150
125
      BRICIT
D&E Overall
   100
2004 Volume Indexed to 100.
 2004 2005
2006 2007

L
R
O
Across the Atlantic, we introduced a longer-lasting roll for Andrex bath tissue and supported
it through a comprehensive joint promotional effort with major retail partners. Throughout D&E markets, K-C continued to leverage the success of the durable kitchen towels we first introduced in Latin America under the Scott Duramax and Scott Limpiamax brands. The premium-priced towels are produced using K-C’s proprietary Hydroknit nonwovens technology, originally developed by K-C Professional for its wiper business. Currently sold in more than
20 countries, these high-performance towels deliver exceptional value because they can be reused several times.
K-C is also extending proven marketing and brand-building strategies developed in other regions to D&E geographies. Take our well-known Labrador puppy icon, made famous on Andrex bath tissue in the U.K. and used in marketing K-C bath tissue brands in North America and Europe. Now the puppy can also be found in Latin America, Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
Promoting a Global Customer Perspective at Kimberly-Clark Professional
The company continued to extend the Kimberly-Clark Professional (KCP) portfolio in higher- margin segments such as the safety and industrial supply channels, furthering another of K-C’s targeted growth initiatives. The business enjoyed double-digit sales growth in wipers and introduced more than 20 new workplace products. They include a number of new offerings in the safety channel such as gloves, protective clothing and a new line of KleenGuard eyewear.
Innovations such as the JRT electronic bath tissue dispenser helped drive the strong performance of KCP’s washroom business in North America. They also helped the business
WT H G
E
Mark A. Buthman
     Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
President of
Kimberly-Clark Health Care
Joanne B. Bauer
Steven R. Kalmanson
Group President of North Atlantic Consumer Products
Robert W. Black
Senior Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer
13
 2007
PROFILE BY SEGMENT
Consolidated Net Sales
Personal Care 41%
 KCP & Other 17%
Health Care 7%
Consumer Tissue 35%
2007
PROFILE BY GEOGRAPHY Consolidated Net Sales
Asia, Latin America & Other 28%
Europe 18%
 North America 54%

                  shift its washroom focus to higher-value products. The electronic tissue dispenser represents a major leap forward in hygiene by eliminating the need to touch the dispenser during use.
K-C Professional is growing rapidly in Latin America and Asia as it takes a more global perspective. For example, it is leveraging relationships with a growing number of global customers to build its wiper business in Brazil, India, China and Russia, where significant market opportunity exists for converting users from traditional rags. What's more, Bunzl, a major global distributor, awarded KCP back-to-back Supplier of the Year awards in 2006 and 2007 in Australia. Looking at D&E markets overall, KCP sales increased almost 21 percent.
Focusing on Infection Reduction at K-C Health Care
K-C Health Care continues to make good on its initiative to expand core products globally and add higher-margin offerings. For example, sales of surgical products and sterilization wrap were up by double digits outside North America. Medical device sales were up in the high single digits, paced by double-digit growth of our airway management products. Higher-margin products such as InteguSeal microbial sealant and Microcuff endotracheal tubes also helped expand the business both in and outside North America.
While overall Health Care sales in 2007 declined due largely to the decision in the second half of 2006 to exit the commodity-oriented latex glove business, sales comparisons were better in the latter part of 2007 as customers continued to transition to higher-margin nitrile gloves. As a result, Health Care finished the year with improved momentum and is well-positioned, given its margins and leading market share positions, to deliver sustainable growth going forward.
The “Not On My Watch” marketing campaign, launched in 2007, reinforces the Health Care business’ position as a leader in helping prevent healthcare-associated infections. The integrated campaign comprises both traditional and alternative communication vehicles, including a bus outfitted as a mobile classroom to visit hospitals and other healthcare providers.
On the talent front, Health Care is an excellent example of K-C’s enterprise-wide efforts to recruit people from outside the organization with expertise in marketing, sales and other areas to support growth. In 2007, Health Care hired its first medical director and added individuals with expertise in skin health, marketing, and product and technology development.
Delivering on Our Financial Commitments
Now let me give you a brief overview of our financial performance in 2007. Organic sales rose by about 6 percent, exceeding our 3–5 percent guidance range, thanks to solid growth in Personal Care, Consumer Tissue and KCP. Currency benefits pushed overall sales growth to 9 percent.
Adjusted earnings per share rose 9 percent due primarily to the strong top-line growth and our continued success in reducing costs, along with a reduction in our outstanding shares. Nonetheless, adjusted operating profit margin declined because of significant inflation in input costs. Pulp was the primary driver, followed by oil-based costs. Looking ahead, we expect to see price increases on a number of our U.S. consumer brands offset some of the pressure on
                  14

 margins. Adjusted return on invested capital registered a slight gain in 2007—its fourth consecutive year of improvement.
We continue to execute our strategic cost reduction plan well. Charges for the plan are winding down, with about 90 percent of the costs now behind us. Moreover, the total costs are proving lower than previously estimated. Cumulative annual savings from 2005, when we introduced the plan, will reach at least $350 million by 2009. In particular, our emphasis in Europe is paying off. Operating margins there rose more than 70 basis points during the year, further building on the 130 basis point gain in 2006. For 2007, combined savings from the strategic cost reduction plan and the company’s ongoing FORCE (Focused On Reducing Costs Everywhere) program totaled $264 million.
Cash provided by operations remained strong at $2.4 billion, allowing us to, among other things, boost our dividend by 8 percent. The company has already announced a 9 percent increase for 2008. This will mark our 36th consecutive year of higher dividends. K-C also invested nearly
$1 billion in capital projects in 2007, in line with our long-term target of 5–6 percent of sales.
Confidence in the Global Business Plan led us to execute a $2 billion share repurchase program in July, with the company buying back a total of $2.8 billion worth of stock in 2007. We financed the share buyback by increasing our leverage. With a strong balance sheet and excellent cash flow, K-C maintains considerable financial flexibility and a capital structure well-aligned with the plan’s strategies. We plan to repurchase $800 million to $1 billion worth of our shares in 2008.
In closing, K-C teams have been executing the Global Business Plan well and delivering on the company’s financial objectives. At the same time, we are making significant changes that will further improve our competitive position and will help ensure our success over the long haul.
We are investing in K-C’s growth while enhancing our capabilities in marketing, innovation, customer development and sustainability around the world. What’s more, we are unleashing the potential of our people to continue delivering today while building tomorrow. I am more convinced than ever that this focus on sustainable growth will serve our shareholders, employees and other stakeholders well for many years to come.
Thomas J. Falk
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
February 22, 2008
COST SAVINGS
Millions of Dollars
$219
2005 2006 2007
Includes FORCE (Focused On Reducing Costs Everywhere) and strategic cost reduction plan savings.
SHARE REPURCHASES & DIVIDEND PAYMENTS Billions of Dollars
$3.7
$2.3
$1.6
2005 2006 2007
ORGANIC SALES GROWTH
Global Business Plan Target = 3–5%
5.6%
4.4%
4.5%
$266
$264
2005 2006 2007
Organic sales growth excludes impacts of currency and 2004 Neenah Paper spin-off. See pp. 98–101 for the
reasons we excluded these items and reconciliations to reported sales growth.
