   LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
FISCAL 2009
It was a challenging year for auto retailers, including CarMax. The hurdles we faced dominated news head- lines for much of the year. Rising unemployment and record low levels of consumer confidence translated into a sharp decline in customer traffic, both in our stores and on carmax.com. The steep increase in gasoline prices in the spring and summer of 2008 and the subse- quent collapse only months later caused dramatic shifts in consumer vehicle preferences and made inventory management particularly challenging. The shifts in pref- erences, together with the overall reduction in consumer demand, caused an unprecedented plunge in wholesale vehicle prices in the fall. Turmoil in the credit markets and worsening consumer default and delinquency trends resulted in dramatically higher funding costs in the asset-backed securitization market and the tighten- ing of lending standards by most finance providers.
Against this backdrop, we experienced a significant decline in sales and earnings in fiscal 2009. Our com- parable store used unit sales declined 16% in fiscal 2009, and they became progressively weaker as the
year unfolded. Net earnings declined to $59.2 million, or $0.27 per share, from $182.0 million, or $0.83 per share, in fiscal 2008, primarily reflecting the lower
unit sales as well as a significant decline in earnings contribution from our finance operation, CarMax Auto Finance (CAF). However, our data indicates that we did gain share for the year in the late-model used car mar- ket, reflecting the strength of our consumer offer even in such difficult economic conditions.
RESPONSIVE ACTIONS
To meet the challenges of the current environment, we made the necessary adjustments to right-size our
business, preserve capital and liquidity, and establish the flexibility needed to remain profitable and grow again when business conditions improve. We reacted quickly to reduce vehicle inventories as our sales and traffic slowed, and this was a key to our success in maintaining our gross profit dollars per unit for the year. At the end of fiscal 2009, on a comparable store basis we had approximately 16,500 fewer used vehicles in inventory versus the prior year end, representing a 28% reduction. As the year progressed, we also made significant reductions in variable selling expenses, and we focused on curbing store and corporate overhead costs, including payroll and advertising. As of the end of fiscal 2009 our total number of associates declined by 17% from the prior year level, despite having increased our store base by 12%.
In December, we also made the difficult decision to temporarily suspend store growth. We remain confi- dent in our long-term growth opportunity, and we ultimately intend to expand nationally and to all the markets we originally planned, just over a somewhat longer timetable. However, in this environment, we concluded that suspending growth was our most prudent course of action. It will allow us to not only dramatically decrease our capital spending in the near term, but also to reduce the imbedded SG&A costs
that exist to support store growth. These include costs related to recruiting, training and staffing the manage- ment bench strength needed to open stores with an experienced team, as well as relocation and pre-opening costs. We temporarily suspended growth once before, roughly a decade ago, and we know that doing so can allow us to single-mindedly focus on improving pro- ductivity, increasing operational effectiveness and reducing waste.
CARMAX 2009 | 3
TOM FOLLIARD PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 
STRATEGIC FOCUS AND INITIATIVES
For the near-term, we are narrowing our strategic focus to harness the energy, experience and expertise of our associates to benefit our three primary stakeholders— associates, customers and shareholders. We have rolled out new training focused on enhancing our associates’ professional selling skills and enabling them to better connect with our customers. We are also are continuing our efforts to achieve world class associate engagement. On this front, we were proud to once again be one of roughly 20 companies chosen to receive the Gallup Great Workplace Award, and we celebrated our fifth consecu- tive appearance on Fortune’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” list, where we moved up 15 spots to the number 31 ranking.
Our customer initiatives are focused on improving the customer’s experience and driving superior execu- tion. We continued to enhance carmax.com, adding new search functionality, including the ability to search on multiple criteria and by miles per gallon ratings, and launching an improved email alert feature. During the year, we also adjusted our marketing messages to better tailor them to consumers increasingly concerned with affordability and value. We believe we’re making strong progress, as evidenced by our recent record cus- tomer satisfaction scores and by our ability to improve our rate of conversion of shoppers to buyers in fiscal 2009, despite the most difficult retail environment in our history.
Our shareholder initiatives are primarily centered on eliminating waste and controlling costs to improve prof- itability. Our largest “waste” opportunities lie in our vehicle reconditioning process, where we spend approxi- mately $500 million annually. We believe that we can reduce cosmetic over-processing, while still maintaining our high vehicle quality standards for customers, and over time this could initially cut our reconditioning costs by $100 to $150 per vehicle over the next few years. As always, we will carefully weigh the benefit of using these savings to increase our gross profit per vehicle against the potential benefit of using them to improve vehicle values for customers, which in turn can drive more sales.
In closing, let me once again thank all of our associ- ates for their hard work and dedication, our customers for their loyalty and our shareholders for their confi- dence in our business model. I am convinced that our long-term prospects are as strong as ever. I have the utmost confidence in the strength of our store, home office and CAF teams, and I believe that we have the best associates in retail. Their efforts have created the company we are today, and they will continue to be the driving force behind our future success.
Sincerely,
Tom Folliard
President and Chief Executive Officer April 24, 2009
  