TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 system that would be necessary to run the used car busi- ness as a truly modern, customer-friendly retail enterprise. By December, we were ready to ask the Circuit City board to back the idea.They were enthusiastic about the potential and agreed to a commitment of $50 million to fund devel- opment of the concept and several prototypical stores.
By mid-1992, a concept and plan were coming together. We did in-depth testing of the idea with a broad range of consumer focus groups. If any final impetus were needed, consumers provided it.When asked the basic question,“Tell us what you like about the car buying process,” we were met with silence.Then in each group, someone would finally pipe up and say, “Let me tell you what I don’t like...” and the group was off to the races.We began recruiting a team to turn idea into reality, starting with an entrepreneurial young businessman named Mark O’Neil (now departed to his own venture but fondly remembered). By early 1993 we had a 10-person venture team led by Mark that included Richard Smith,Tom Folliard (now EVP, store operations), Laura Donahue (now AVP, advertising), Scott Rivas (now VP, human resources), Chad Kulas (now manager, corporate IS), Gloria McFee (now manager, workshop planning),Troy Downs (now IS manager), Scott Bergman (now IS manager) and Tom Nolan (now director, service systems).
The venture team moved off site into a small start-up office and began an intensive effort to develop a physical prototype, flesh out the basic executional processes behind the consumer concept, create an integrated information sys- tem and find a name. We also launched CarMax Auto Finance as an integral part of the business to assure that we had a clear understanding of consumer finance behavior and significant control over our own future in this area. After a whirlwind of effort, we opened the first CarMax superstore on September 29, 1993, in Richmond,Va.The team had clearly done its job well...the consumer offer was an imme- diate hit and remains virtually unchanged today.The many behind-the-scenes operating processes still required a great deal of refinement, however.We continued to develop, refine and re-work them as we opened a second store in Raleigh in 1994, two in Atlanta in 1995 and one each in Charlotte and Orlando in 1996. By early 1997, we were ready to begin our national rollout.We took the company public in February 1997 as a tracking stock of Circuit City.
Over the next three years, we grew exponentially, con- fronted and overcame several look-alike competitors, made lots of mistakes and hit lots of bumps in the road.We even- tually took a two-year growth hiatus to catch our breath and improve our profitability.Thanks to the extraordinary efforts and dedication of the CarMax associates who joined us along the way, we’ve survived it all and prospered.
WHERE WE ARE
Slightly more than 12 months ago, we restarted our store growth program, and on October 1st, we separated
 AUSTIN LIGON
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
WHERE WE CAME FROM
People often ask who came up with the CarMax idea.
The truth is, it’s been a team effort from the beginning. One of my tasks in 1991 as seniorVP of strategic planning for Circuit City was to help identify a new business oppor- tunity to employ some of Circuit City’s skills, capital and people to create significant value for shareholders in the 21st century.We looked in some depth at sporting goods, auto parts, furniture and various other areas trying to find an interesting idea. Our criteria were pretty straightforward. We preferred a large segment with lots of room for growth; a segment where no other strong big-box player was successful, preferably with a fragmented competitor base; an arena where our retail and management skills might give us an advantage; and a market where there was a clear and significant unmet consumer need.
We had also looked at new automobile sales, but the constraints of franchise laws and reluctance of manufacturers to cooperate with systematic retailers represented major barriers to building an effective modern retail business. Then, in October of 1991, a local Richmond entrepre- neur named Ron Moore, who was doing background research on industries for us on a consulting basis, asked that one great question:“Have you ever thought about used cars?”The answer was no, but it struck me immedi- ately as the path to a truly “Big Idea.”When I shared the question with Rick Sharp, then Circuit City president and CEO, he had the same immediate reaction.We quickly started brainstorming ways to apply the logic of big-box retailing to the used car business, and the basic framework of the CarMax idea was soon in place.
Rick drafted Richard Smith, then a manager of infor- mation systems at Circuit City (today assistantVP of IS at CarMax) to start working on the outlines of the information
 2 CARMAX 2003

 completely from Circuit City in a tax-free distribution of shares. In our first partial year as an independent company, we’re off to a good start.
Sales. Strong sales and earnings growth characterized fiscal 2003 through the first nine months of the year. This was interrupted in the fourth quarter when Mother Nature delivered a tough winter, particularly in our mid-Atlantic and Southeastern markets. Nonetheless, we finished the year having grown comp store used unit sales 8% and total sales 12% to nearly $4 billion.
Earnings. Fiscal 2003 was a transition year for SG&A expenses and, therefore, for earnings growth. First, we experienced the stepped-up expenses related to ramping up our geographic growth.These expenses include pre- opening, recruiting, training, relocation and the continued development of our management bench in anticipation
of the store openings planned for the next three years. During the latter half of the year, we also began to experience the incremental costs associated with being an independent company.These totaled approximately
$9 million for the second half of the year and included higher costs for health and welfare benefits (more than half the increase), as well as added expenses for fully assuming such functions as legal, treasury and media buy- ing. Consequently, the expense leverage that we would otherwise have expected from strong comp store used unit growth was offset.We also had non-tax-deductible, separation expenses of $7.8 million, or 7 cents per share. Net earnings for the year were $95 million, or 91 cents per share. Excluding the separation costs, net earnings were $103 million or 98 cents per share.
Productivity. We continued to enhance our opera- tional capabilities. One major undertaking in fiscal 2003 was the rollout of a new electronic repair order system.This further automated our reconditioning processes by comput- erizing the reconditioning flow sequence.We also added new systems to significantly improve our appraisal process, new tools to increase the effectiveness of our sales manage- ment, and continued enhancements to carmax.com. All of these improvements will further increase our efficiency and our lead over existing and potential competitors.
WHERE WE’RE GOING
Our original goal was to create value for Circuit City shareholders in the 21st century.We’ve made a good start there, as well. As of our separation on October 1, 2002, we have created more than $1 billion in market value for our original Circuit City shareholders on no net equity investment...we repaid the original Circuit City venture loan in full, with interest, at the time of our tracking stock IPO in 1997. More importantly, we believe the opportu- nity before us is now to create one of America’s great retail success stories on behalf of our CarMax customers, associates and shareholders.
 Growth Plan. Our plan to grow the CarMax con- cept nationwide will be key to our value creation.We’ve gotten off to a strong start by opening eight stores from February 2002 through March 2003.These new stores have also significantly exceeded our expectations in both sales and profitability.We expect to open seven or eight additional stores during the balance of fiscal 2004. Going forward, we expect to open used car superstores equal to 15% to 20% of our store base each year.
Of equal importance in creating value will be continu- ing to grow our used car market share and improve our operating productivity in all stores.Through a combination of these efforts, we believe we should be able to generate comp store used unit sales growth in the 5% to 9% range for the next several years.
After our separation anniversary in October, we should also begin realizing significant overhead leverage on our cor- porate SG&A expenses as we continue our growth.We have estimated the annual impact of the incremental costs of sepa- ration to be $20–22 million, approximately $9 million of which we experienced in fiscal 2003.We expect an additional $11–13 million in incremental separation costs in fiscal 2004.
We also expect CarMax Auto Finance to continue to be a contributor to our success. It is important to remember, however, that its share of total profit contribution is expected to decline as the unusually high interest rate spreads of the last several years diminish.While CarMax Auto Finance provided approximately 15% of pre-SG&A profit margin in fiscal 2003, we expect that its contribution will return to a more normal 10-11% over the next two years.
THANKS
We owe a debt of gratitude to many who’ve helped CarMax get off to a great start over the last decade.
Alan McCollough, Circuit City’s CEO, and the entire Circuit City team were great parents and advisors.The many Circuit City board members through the years
also offered consistent support. I especially want to thank Walter Salmon,Ted Nierenberg and Alan Wurtzel, three experienced retail leaders who were particularly enthusi- astic supporters in our early days.
Rick Sharp, our co-founder and now chairman, and the new CarMax board have worked hard to help us put in place a world-class corporate governance process.
And most importantly, our 8,000-plus CarMax associates have stayed focused on doing what really matters: buying, reconditioning and selling great quality used cars and providing a superior customer service experience every day, no matter the challenges. My thanks to all of you.
AUSTIN LIGON
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER MARCH 31, 2003
 CARMAX 2003 3
