  OUR PEOPLE MAKE US WHO WE ARE
 Dear Shareholders,
The year 2006 was another year in which Kindred Healthcare demonstrated steady progress in improving patient outcomes, resident care and employee satisfaction, while laying the foundation to deliver significant shareholder value in future years. In 2006, our consolidated revenues grew 11% to $4.3 billion. Despite significant external challenges, our 2006 diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.74 was in line with the goals we set for ourselves at the beginning of the year. Our significant accomplishments in 2006 include the following:
• our operators managed through unprecedented regulatory changes in each of our operating divisions while improving our level of quality and customer service;
• we successfully resolved the last remaining issues associated with our 2001 reorganization, including the Ventas rent reset and the expiration of our warrants;
• we announced the proposed spinoff of our KPS institutional pharmacy business, which we believe will create a stronger competitor in the institutional pharmacy industry and unlock substantial value for our shareholders on a tax-free basis; and
• we continued to grow through acquisitions and organic development while also disposing of underperforming facilities to reposition our portfolio for future growth.
Our hospital division, which has provided substantial growth over the years, faced significant regulatory challenges in 2006. During the second half of 2006, Medicare reimbursement rates were reduced, negatively impacting Medicare revenues by approximately $34 million, and Medicare patient volumes declined on a same-store basis during the same period.
After a difficult third quarter, our hospital division reported strong fourth quarter results driven primarily by strength in our non-government business and improved operating efficiencies.
Despite Medicare reimbursement difficulties, our hospitals reported growth in revenues and admissions for the full year. Excluding the effect of significant favorable prior year Medicare cost report settlements in 2005, our hospital operating income increased in 2006. In 2007 and beyond, we will continue to explore ways to better utilize our existing hospital capacity by further developing our relationships with managed care providers and expanding our services.
In our health services division, fiscal 2006 was a year in which our continued focus on quality and customer service resulted in significant improvements in our operating results. Over the past several years, the investments we’ve made in this regard have included, among other things, improved staffing and standardization of clinical programs, the modernization of our facilities and equipment and the expansion of nursing, rehabilitation and other services to effectively care for higher acuity Medicare and managed care patients. We also have continued to execute on our risk management initiatives, which have helped to resolve quality issues when they arise. In addition, these quality initiatives supported our nursing centers’ successful transition to the expanded Medicare RUGs categories that became effective on January 1, 2006. Our 2006 operating results in this division were encouraging, with solid growth in revenues, overall occupancy, Medicare and managed care mix and operating income compared to 2005. We believe that there are additional opportunities to improve our nursing center results in the future by continuing to execute our strategy of providing high-quality, cost-effective care to higher acuity patients and residents.
In Peoplefirst Rehabilitation, we made progress in 2006 to position this business to grow beyond the Kindred hospital and nursing center portfolio that currently comprises most of its revenues. After operating for less than three years as a separate division, Peoplefirst has one of the most effective therapist recruitment and retention programs in the industry and its name recognition and reputation for clinical excellence is expanding in the marketplace. As the labor market for therapists

    becomes more competitive, Peoplefirst is well positioned to grow through a program of external contract development and higher levels of productivity. Over the longer term, we believe that this division has opportunities to grow in a clinical practice and policy environment that is generally favorable to providing more rehabilitation therapy services in lower cost settings, particularly nursing centers.
The most significant regulatory changes in 2006 occurred in our KPS institutional pharmacy business. On January 1, 2006, the Medicare Part D program became effective. As a result, a substantial portion of our revenues shifted from a state- sponsored Medicaid payor source to a federally funded program. Like many providers in the industry, the Medicare Part D transition for KPS was challenging and required a number of operational changes as well as an extensive communications and implementation plan for each of our nursing center customers. While 2006 was a transition year for KPS from a regulatory and operational perspective, significant efforts also were required to integrate acquisitions and prepare for the proposed pharmacy spinoff transaction.
Fiscal 2006 also marked the conclusion of all remaining issues related to our 2001 reorganization. The Ventas rent reset issue was successfully concluded through an independent appraisal process that resulted in an annual rent increase of approximately $33 million beginning on July 19, 2006, and which reduced the amount of our annual future rent increases or escalators on our Ventas facilities from 3.5% to approximately 2.7%. This was a significant event for Kindred, providing clarity around our capital costs and a financial framework that will accommodate our future growth and expansion plans.
In addition to the rent reset issue, all of our outstanding warrants issued in connection with our 2001 reorganization expired in April 2006, resulting in the issuance of a significant number of shares of common stock. We expended all of the $142 million of warrant proceeds to repurchase shares and expended another $52 million to complete our previously
announced share repurchase program. These transactions have simplified our equity structure and reduced our diluted share count by approximately 10% compared to 2005.
In October 2006, we entered into a definitive agreement to combine our KPS operations with PharMerica Long-Term Care, the institutional pharmacy business operated by AmerisourceBergen Corporation. We believe that the business prospects underlying the proposed pharmacy spinoff transaction, including the growth opportunities, operational synergies and economies of scale that can be realized over the long term, provide a compelling opportunity to enhance Kindred shareholder value. We expect to complete the proposed pharmacy spinoff transaction in the second quarter of 2007.
With respect to future growth opportunities, we continued our program of organic development and selective acquisitions. In 2006, we acquired six hospitals (646 licensed beds),
11 nursing centers (1,579 licensed beds), four assisted living facilities (228 licensed beds) and three institutional pharmacies (4,593 customer beds). In addition, we opened two hospitals containing 98 licensed beds and opened five pharmacies in new markets. In 2007, we will continue to seek further organic development and strategic acquisitions that enhance shareholder value and that reflect a more concentrated market-by-market strategy. We have already entered into
an agreement to lease eight additional high-quality nursing centers, and we expect to open four hospitals in 2007 that are currently under development.
As Kindred continues to grow, the work performed on a daily basis by our 55,000 dedicated employees will continue to drive our success and create value for our patients, residents and shareholders. On behalf of them, and on behalf of our Board of Directors, we thank you for your continued support.
Paul J. Diaz
President and
Chief Executive Officer
 