  KINDRED HEALTHCARE’S MISSION is to promote healing, provide hope, preserve dignity and produce value for each patient, resident, family member, customer, employee and shareholder we serve.
     DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
Fiscal 2007 was a year in which we positioned the Company for future growth while creating more value for our patients and their families, our employees and our shareholders. Our most significant accomplishments in 2007 included the following:
• we successfully operated each of our three businesses and made progress on the metrics we measure to gauge employee, patient and resident satisfaction and quality improvement;
• we completed agreements with Ventas, Inc. (NYSE: VTR) (“Ventas”) to acquire for resale 22 under- performing facilities and to eliminate out-of-market lease provisions related to insurance requirements and facility bed management restrictions;
• we completed the spin-off of our former institutional pharmacy business, creating value for our shareholders on a tax-free basis and allowing us to better focus on growth in our retained businesses;
• we acquired $50 million of our common stock in open market purchases;
• we amended our revolving credit facility to provide more financial flexibility and better pricing; and
• we continued our development activities by adding four hospitals, nine nursing centers and a rehabilitation services company to our portfolio.
Our hospital division continued to operate under a difficult reimbursement environment in which we were challenged by significant Medicare cuts. In response to these
reimbursement reductions, our strategy has focused on improving operating efficiency and volume growth to better leverage our unused capacity. Despite 2007 same-store admissions growth of 1% overall and 17% for non-government, hospital operating income declined 6% primarily due to reimbursement rate pressures.
In our health services division, fiscal 2007 was a year in which our continued focus and investment in quality and customer service produced improvements in our operating results. These efforts over the past several years have included, among other things, improved staffing and training, reduced contract labor utilization, investments in clinical processes, physical plant and equipment and the expansion of our rehabilitation and other clinical services to effectively care for higher acuity Medicare and managed care patients. We also have continued to execute on our performance improvement and risk management initiatives, which have created an improved clinical environment that allows us to resolve quality issues more quickly. Our 2007 operating results in this division were encouraging, with solid growth in revenues, Medicare and managed care mix and operating income compared to 2006. We believe that there are additional opportunities to improve our nursing center results in the future by continuing to execute our strategy of providing high- quality, cost-effective care to higher acuity patients and residents.
In Peoplefirst Rehabilitation, we made significant progress in 2007 to grow beyond the Kindred nursing center and hospital portfolio that currently comprises more than half of its revenues. Peoplefirst has developed an effective therapist recruitment and retention program and its name recognition and reputation for clinical excellence is expanding in the marketplace. As the labor market
for therapists becomes more competitive, Peoplefirst is

 well positioned to grow through a program of external contract development and higher levels of productivity. Over the longer term, we believe that Peoplefirst has opportunities to succeed and grow in a regulatory environment that is generally favorable to providing more rehabilitation therapy services in lower cost settings, particularly nursing centers.
In June 2007, we entered into an agreement with Ventas, our largest landlord, under which we purchased for resale 22 under-performing facilities for $175 million. In addition, the out-of-market lease provisions related to insurance requirements and facility bed management issues were modified to provide more operating flexibility.
In July 2007, we completed the spin-off of our former institutional pharmacy business, Kindred Pharmacy Services, Inc. (“KPS”), and the immediate subsequent combination of KPS with the former institutional pharmacy business of AmerisourceBergen Corporation (“AmerisourceBergen”) to form a new, independent, publicly traded company named PharMerica Corporation (NYSE: PMC) (“PharMerica”). Immediately prior to the spin-off, KPS incurred $125 million of bank debt, the proceeds of which were distributed to Kindred. Immediately after the spin-off, our stockholders and the stockholders of AmerisourceBergen each held approximately 50 percent of the outstanding common stock of PharMerica.
In connection with the spin-off, we realigned our corporate and divisional overhead structure to more efficiently support our three remaining businesses.
We also are leveraging our information technology infrastructure by providing information systems support to PharMerica for a five-year period.
In connection with the spin-off, we successfully amended our revolving credit facility. Among other things, the amendment (1) increased the amount of the credit to $500 million, (2) provided for further increases in the amount of the credit under certain conditions, (3) allowed for higher levels of capital investments and restricted payments such as share repurchases and dividends and (4) reduced borrowing costs by approximately 75 basis points.
During 2007, we added four hospitals (286 licensed beds), nine nursing centers (1,152 licensed beds) and a rehabilitation services company with 22 nursing center customers. We also opened a new replacement hospital
in Indianapolis, Indiana that increased our capacity in that market. In addition, we acquired the underlying real estate of eight nursing centers and one hospital that were previously leased for approximately $113 million.
Our acquisition and development activities have strengthened our existing market positions and expanded our services into new markets. Our ongoing development activities will focus on the completion of seven new hospital projects already underway, as well as selective opportunities to add to our nursing center and Peoplefirst Rehabilitation businesses.
As we continue to position the Company for the future, we see more opportunities to improve the working environment for our employees and the care of our patients and residents. We believe that the link between taking care of our employees, quality and profitability has never been clearer.
Finally, the work performed on a daily basis by our 52,500 dedicated employees will continue to drive our success and create value for our patients, residents and shareholders. On behalf of them, and on behalf of our Board of Directors, we thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Paul J. Diaz
President and
Chief Executive Officer
 