                Fellow ShareholderS:
We begin our 130th anniversary year with confidence.
The ways we listen to Customers and respond to their ever-changing needs have evolved through our history, and yet several clear principles have remained constant for The Kroger Co. family of stores.
• Our success comes from our people and their dedication to making a difference in the lives of our Customers;
• We continually seek to strengthen our connection with our Customers, which results in
• Consistent returns for shareholders.
Our confidence is firmly rooted in Kroger’s strong foundation for growth. About 10 years ago we announced our Customer 1st business strategy, which truly puts the Customer at the center of how we manage our business. Through our focus on the Four Keys of our strategy – our people, products, price and the shopping experience – we are connecting with Customers in more powerful ways than ever before. Kroger’s identical store sales trend is the clearest measure of that growing connection. In 2012, Kroger achieved a retail industry-leading 37 consecutive quarters – more than nine years – of positive identical sales growth.
Late in 2012 we announced aggressive new growth plans to expand Customer 1st into the next decade. The Company is investing in a targeted expansion strategy to increase square footage and store penetration in existing markets and enter new markets. Through additional capital investments in new and existing stores, new store formats, and new ways to connect with our Customers and Associates, including our digital connection, we expect to achieve a higher long-term financial target and increase Shareholder return.
A Year of Record Earnings and Focus on Shareholder Value
Kroger’s unique offering of better service, great products, an enjoyable shopping experience and low prices and weekly specials continues to resonate with a full range of Customers. As a result, fiscal 2012 sales grew $6.4 billion for total revenue of $96.8 billion, making Kroger one of the largest retailers in the world. Net earnings were $1.5 billion or $2.77 per diluted share; this includes an $0.11 per diluted share benefit of the extra week. We achieved record earnings per share for the year, and grew adjusted net earnings per share by more than 16 percent.
Our outstanding business results allowed Kroger to continue using free cash flow to reward shareholders. We increased our quarterly dividend by 30 percent and returned more than $1.5 billion to shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks in 2012. Since 2006, Kroger has paid nearly $1.6 billion in dividends to Shareholders. We have been able to accomplish this while maintaining our investment-grade credit rating and improving our debt leverage ratio and annual interest expense. Since January 2000, Kroger has returned $9.0 billion to Shareholders through share repurchases.
Now, what makes this best-in-class performance possible? A large part of the answer is simple: Our Great People. Associates in the Kroger family of stores are uniquely and authentically passionate for people and for delivering superior results. This is brought to life through their dedication to making the day better for every one of the more than seven million Customers who shop our stores daily – whether through a simple smile, solving a problem or helping Customers on a budget feed their family.
** *
Celebration of Our Shared Heritage
Barney Kroger opened his first store in Cincinnati, Ohio on July 1, 1883. That his Company not only survived but is thriving 130 years later is an amazing accomplishment. And yet two of our banners have been in business even longer. In 1873, George Ralphs – founder of our Ralphs division – opened his first store in Los Angeles. Ten years earlier, in 1863, John C. Groub – founder of our Jay C division – opened his first store in Rockford, Indiana.
We are celebrating the shared heritage of our entire family of stores – a heritage of transformative growth and innovation that continues to inspire us today.
1

                Transformative Growth
Kroger’s heritage is one of impressive growth – from being the first grocer in the nation to operate its own bakery in 1901, to operating 37 manufacturing facilities today; from small grocery stores averaging 3,000 square feet in 1930, to supermarkets averaging 12,000 square feet in 1960, to today’s Marketplace stores averaging 125,000 square feet; and from sales topping $1 billion for the first time in 1952 to sales well over $96 billion in 2012.
Our family of stores has grown by powerful combinations of strong regional banners, giving the Company the benefits of size without losing the local touch.
Innovation
Strengthening our connection with Customers begins with listening to them, and for 130 years Kroger has developed innovative ways to listen and respond. In 1959, Kroger executives began conducting “Kroger Calls,” door-to-door interviews with homemakers, to better understand the needs of our Customers. In the 1970s we became the first grocer to formalize Customer research, and last year we listened to nearly 2,000,000 individual Customers and learned important insights that we use to make merchandising decisions.
A more than decade-long partnership with dunnhumbyUSA, the leader in personalizing Customers’ experience of retailers and brands, helps us say that we know our Customers better than anyone. A great example of how we put this into practice is through our Loyal Customer Mailing, or LCM, which we send to millions of households regularly throughout the year. The most recent LCM reached more than 11 million households, and 97 percent of recipients received an individualized set of coupons for the products they like and buy regularly – almost no two were alike. At redemption rates regularly topping 60 percent, our LCM continues to lead the industry.
Innovation at Kroger also means utilizing new technologies to meet Customer needs. In the early 1970s Kroger was the first retailer in the country to test now-ubiquitous electronic scanners at checkout. In just the last few years, we have pioneered Que Vision, our innovative faster checkout program that has reduced the time a Customer waits in line to check out, on average, from four minutes a few years ago to less than 30 seconds in our stores today.
Innovation is also at the heart of our sustainability efforts, aimed at improving today to protect tomorrow. Kroger created an innovative process to rescue safe, edible fresh products and donate them quickly to local food banks. This innovation has been replicated by other retailers and today fresh products make up more than half of the food distributed nationwide by Feeding America.
We remain committed to delivering always fresh, high quality and sustainably-sourced seafood. We do this in a variety of ways, including support for both wild-caught and farm-raised fishery improvement projects around the world, through our partnership with the World Wildlife Fund.
We continue to reduce energy use, which lowers our carbon footprint and helps our bottom line. We have reduced total energy consumption by 32.7 percent since 2000, and are on track to meet our goal of a 35 percent reduction by 2015. We achieve these efficiencies in large ways and small, from designing every new store to earn the U.S. EPA Energy Star rating, to every Associate taking responsibility to turn off lights and check cooler temperatures throughout the day.
You can learn more about our sustainability initiatives by reading our annual sustainability report, available on our website sustainability.kroger.com.
Kroger is one of the safest companies in our industry. Associate engagement in innovative safety programs has reduced accident rates in our stores and manufacturing plants by 76 percent since 1995.
** *
 2

                Celebration of Our People
Our shared heritage is the sum total of countless decisions made by Associates through more than a century in business. We invest in our Associates and their families in a variety of ways, including:
• In 2012, Kroger spent more than $1.7 billion to provide health care benefits.
• Through the Kroger Scholars fund, we provide scholarships to children of Associates so they can further their dreams. In the last five years, Kroger has provided scholarships to 1,500 children of Associates.
• We take care of each other through the most challenging circumstances – such as the loss of a home due to a natural disaster – through our Helping Hands program.
A distinct point of pride and celebration for us is the longevity of so many of our Associates. Currently, more than 13,000 of our more than 343,000 Associates have served our Customers for more than 30 years. Nearly 2,000 Associates have served for more than 40 years.
** *
Over the years, Kroger has undergone several reinventions to meet the changing needs of American families. One thing that has not changed is our ability to make a difference in the lives of our Customers and communities. We partner with local communities through our commitment to feeding the hungry and supporting women’s health, the military and their families, and local organizations and schools.
In 2012, Kroger:
• Delivered the largest contribution of food and funds in Kroger’s history, the equivalent of nearly 200
million meals, to Feeding America and its local food banks.
• Engaged vendors and Customers to contribute more than nearly $5.9 million in support of women’s
health and breast cancer awareness programs.
• Delivered $3.3 million to the USO to help them in their work supporting the military and their families.
This is the largest one-time gift to the USO in that organization’s history.
• Supported more than 30,000 schools and local organizations through our Community Rewards Program that delivers personalized, Customer-driven donations based on total purchases.
• Contributed an additional $8.2 million to local organizations supporting our communities through The Kroger Co. Foundation. In the past five years, our foundation has donated $37.4 million.
We do these things because our Customers tell us it is important to them and because it strengthens the communities we call home. When you combine the cash, food and product we donate to a variety of causes and programs, Kroger contributed more than $250 million in 2012 to support the communities we serve.
Kroger is a leader in supplier diversity, spending more than $1 billion annually with women- and minority-owned businesses. We proudly remain a member of the Billion Dollar Roundtable and the United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Million Dollar Club.
** *
Enduring Value of Supporting Communities
3

                The Year Ahead
Kroger is on pace to deliver another record year. Revenues will approach $100 billion for the first time.
We will continue to execute our Customer 1st Strategy, coupled with our renewed commitment to growth, to make a difference for Customers and create value for Shareholders in 2013. By targeting capital investments to grow our business in new and existing markets and leveraging dunnhumby insights to solve varied Customer needs, we expect to achieve fully diluted earnings per share growth of 8% to 11% plus the dividend over time.
As you can see, the future is bright for Kroger. We are bullish about our ability to sustain the strong momentum that we generated in 2012. In many ways, our fiscal 2012 results served as a great example of our ability to continually grow. We are enthusiastic about all that is to come in the year ahead, which will surely be an exciting and significant one for Kroger.
On behalf of the entire Kroger family, thank you for your continued trust and support.
David B. Dillon
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 4
