                Fellow ShareholderS:
Kroger achieved another outstanding year of performance for shareholders in 2013.
We are a company with many strengths, among them:
• Strong and consistent returns to shareholders,
• An aggressive strategic plan that delivers reliable growth and financial performance, and
• Deeply loyal customers who are the basis for our broad and growing market share.
Our Company’s most enduring strength is our people — our more than 375,000 associates who strive to make every customer’s day a little better each time they visit one of our stores.
Our foundational approach is called Customer 1st. It simply means that the needs and wants of our customers are at the heart of every decision we make—in our stores, plants, offices, and facilities. It is our associates who bring Customer 1st to life. From product and technology innovation to improvements in the shopping experience, we are inspired by the ever-changing needs and wants of customers. Our greatest strategic advantage is our Customer 1st culture.
We are proud to be both large and small. As one of the world’s largest retailers, we leverage economies of scale in ways that make a difference for our customers in their daily lives. For example, we implemented an innovative, faster checkout approach that saves minutes for each customer every time they shop. We also leverage our size to offer great value on everyday items and weekly specials, and then provide a personalized mobile app—one of the most popular in that crowded space—that highlights the deals that match each shopper’s list.
In this letter, I will provide more detail behind our outstanding results in 2013 and explain the basis of our firm conviction that there is much more to come for shareholders, associates and customers.
Fiscal 2013 Results – Delivering Growth That Investors Can Count On
At our October 2012 investor meeting, we announced aggressive growth plans that expand our Customer 1st Strategy by accelerating growth in our core business and improving our connection with all customers, expanding our presence in new and existing markets, and investing to create unique competitive positioning for today and the future. As a result, we expect to achieve a long-term, net-earnings-per-diluted- share growth rate of 8-11% and an increasing dividend over time.
We committed to four key performance indicators to measure our progress at that meeting as well:
• Positive identical supermarket sales;
• Slightly expanding FIFO operating margin on a rolling four quarters basis, excluding fuel;
• Improving return on invested capital; and
• Growing market share.
In 2013, the first full fiscal year executing our aggressive growth plan, Kroger delivered on all four indicators. We achieved an unparalleled 41st consecutive quarter of positive identical supermarket sales; expanded FIFO operating margin on a rolling four quarters and adjusted basis, excluding fuel; improved return on invested capital, even as we increased capital investments; and grew market share for the ninth consecutive year.
Kroger’s consistent and reliable performance delivers long-term growth investors can count on. And 2013 was another year of steady growth. Total sales were $98.4 billion in fiscal 2013, an increase of 3.9% after adjusting for the 53rd week in fiscal 2012. Net earnings were $1.52 billion, or $2.90 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, net earnings grew 13 percent over last year’s adjusted amount. We continue to lower Kroger’s costs of doing business – achieving our ninth consecutive year of reducing operating expenses as a rate of sales – and to reinvest these savings in lower prices for our customers.
1

                We are using free cash flow to reward shareholders. Since January 2000, Kroger has returned nearly $10 billion to shareholders through share repurchases. Since 2006, Kroger has paid nearly $1.9 billion in dividends to shareholders, while maintaining our investment-grade credit rating. In 2013, we increased our annual dividend for the seventh consecutive year and returned more than $928 million to shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks. If you had invested $100 in Kroger stock on January 31, 2000, and reinvested all dividends issued, your investment would have been worth $235 on January 31, 2014, and Kroger’s Total Shareholder Return in that same period is 125.8%. In March 2014, Kroger’s Board of Directors approved a $1 billion share repurchase program, underscoring our commitment to deliver cash to shareholders.
Welcoming Harris Teeter to the Kroger family
One of our platforms for growth is expanding into new markets. We are proud and excited to warmly welcome Harris Teeter to the Kroger family of stores. We completed our merger in January 2014 and integration is well underway. This exceptional 54-year-old regional chain receives very high marks from their customers for service, selection, meal-time solutions, and freshness. The 230 Harris Teeter stores are located in the highly attractive mid-Atlantic markets and expand Kroger’s national footprint. We have long respected the Harris Teeter management team and their operations, and we look forward to bringing the best of Harris Teeter and Kroger to our customers and shareholders.
Deeply loyal customers, creating strong market share
We have the privilege of serving eight million customers each day. Every one of them has unique interests and comes to our stores with the belief we will both meet their needs – their tastes, budget, and lifestyle – and delight them with the unexpected.
We continue to create innovative ways that allow us to know our customers better than anyone else and to personalize their experience with us. We’ve been mining “big data” for a long time, always with the single focus on Customer 1st – bringing to each customer what is most relevant to them.
We have invested in price every year for ten consecutive years, saving our customers more than $3 billion annually in the process.
We have rewarded customers with fuel savings through our popular fuel rewards program at more than 1,240 convenient supermarket fuel center locations in 2013. And, customers with a Kroger Rewards Visa credit card earned more than $33 million in free groceries last year.
We have partnered with customers to support the community organizations they care about most, returning $46 million annually to local organizations that customers select through our Community Rewards program.
Our approach has resulted in growing both market share and share of loyalty.
And we are not done!
Customer 1st innovation is giving us new and varied ways of connecting with and deepening our relationship with our customers. We are growing our digital offering to deliver value to our customers through the communication channels they prefer, and customers are responding. In fact, our customers have downloaded more than 1 billion digital coupons since we began offering them in late 2009.
We are innovating up and down our supply chain so that Kroger milk stays fresher, longer in customers’ refrigerators. Through process improvements, our dairy suppliers, milk plants, logistics operation, and stores worked together so that we can promise our customers that Kroger’s milk is among the freshest in the industry.
And we continue to build our best-in-class Corporate Brands portfolio by providing choices to our customers through a multi-tier offering of price points and product experiences. We expect Simple Truth and Simple Truth Organic to join our premium tier, Private Selection, as a “Billion Dollar Brand” by the end of fiscal 2014 as those brands are increasingly sought by shoppers focused on natural and organic foods. Our Banner Brand continues to provide great quality with a wide breadth of products, and our Value brand offers customers the choice of quality products that are priced to fit their budget.
2

                The Kroger Difference
Kroger’s culture and deeply-rooted values are also reflected in how we serve our friends and neighbors in local communities, and how we take care of each other.
We strive to be connected to and responsive to the local communities we serve by:
• Delivering the equivalent of more than 200 million meals to more than 100 local Feeding America food banks in 2013.
• Engaging vendors and customers to donate more than $6 million in 2013 in support of women’s health and breast cancer awareness programs.
• Contributing $3.3 million to the USO in 2013 to help support the military and their families. Since 2010, Kroger has donated $8.5 million to the USO – the largest cumulative gift to the USO in that organization’s history.
• Hiring more than 22,456 veterans since 2009, and helping the “100,000 Jobs Mission” – a coalition of more than 130 companies with the common goal of hiring more than 100,000 transitioning service members and military veterans by 2020 – surpass its original goal in January, seven years early.
• Supporting more than 30,000 schools and local organizations with $46 million in 2013 through our Community Rewards program that delivers personalized, customer-driven donations based on total purchases.
• Contributinganadditional$9.1milliontolocalorganizationsin2013throughTheKrogerCo.Foundation. In the past five years, our foundation has donated nearly $40 million.
Let’s remember that we make these investments because our customers tell us these causes are important to them, and because they strengthen the communities we call home. When you combine the cash, food and product we donate to a variety of causes and programs, Kroger contributed more than $250 million to our local communities in 2013.
We also make a difference in the lives of our associates, customers and communities through our commitments to safety, sustainability, supplier diversity and job growth.
Kroger is one of the safest companies in our industry. Associate engagement in innovative safety programs has reduced accident rates in our stores and manufacturing plants by 77 percent since 1995. In 2013, 831 retail locations, three manufacturing plants, and three distribution centers went the entire year without a recordable accident.
One of Kroger’s key sustainability priorities is moving our retail stores and facilities toward “zero waste”. Our stores are sending less waste to landfills and incinerators through a variety of efforts, including composting and our innovative Perishable Donations Program – a process to rescue safe, edible fresh products and donate them quickly to local food banks. This system has been replicated by other retailers and today fresh products make up more than half of the food distributed nationwide by Feeding America. Our manufacturing facilities continue to lead waste reduction. Today, 26 of our 38 manufacturing plants are designated as “zero waste” facilities.
You can learn more about our sustainability initiatives by reading our annual sustainability report, available on our website sustainability.kroger.com.
Kroger is a leader in supplier diversity, spending nearly $2 billion annually with women- and minority-owned businesses. We proudly remain a member of the Billion Dollar Roundtable and the United States Hispanic Chamber of Commerce Million Dollar Club.
Kroger is doing our part to create jobs and opportunity. We employ 7,000 more associates today than we did last year, and nearly 90 percent of those new jobs are in our supermarket divisions. Over the last six years, Kroger has created more than 40,000 new jobs in the local communities we serve.
3

                Leadership
We believe we have one of the strongest management teams in the retail industry. For ten years our Company has been led by Dave Dillon, who has been called “the grocers’ grocer.” Dave’s knowledge of the business, passion for customers and associates, and principled and disciplined approach to running a world- class company has rewarded shareholders, associates, customers, and communities. We thank him for the strong foundation he built and that we are inspired to continue to expand. Dave often refers to retailing as a team sport. Every great team, including ours, needs a great coach and leader. Thank you, Dave, for ten remarkable years as Chairman and CEO.
In Memoriam and Retirements
We were saddened by the loss of our friend and colleague, Jon C. Flora, who passed away unexpectedly in September 2013. He was president of Fry’s Food Stores in Arizona. Jon was a compassionate and hands-on leader. We all miss him deeply.
We extend our appreciation to John LaMacchia, who retired from Kroger’s Board of Directors in December 2013 after 24 years of service; to Paul Heldman, executive vice president, secretary and general counsel, who retires in May after 32 years of service; and to Robert “Pete” Williams, senior vice president, who retires in May after 37 years with the Company. On behalf of our entire Company, we thank each of these individuals for their service and leadership.
Bright Future – More to Come
Kroger’s future is bright. We are differentiating our Company in the crowded field of retailers in ways that lead to sustainable, reliable growth. And there is a lot more to come for shareholders, associates and customers.
On behalf of the entire Kroger family, we thank you for your continued support and trust.
W. Rodney McMullen Chief Executive Officer
 4
