      Without question, fiscal 2002 was a challenging year. The continued soft economy, layoffs and the impact of a potential war combined
to dampen consumer spending for retailers in all segments of the market. In this difficult environment, Kohl’s delivered a 29.8% increase in earnings, exceeding our goal of a 20% increase each year and outperforming the vast majority of our competitors.
Net sales for fiscal 2002 increased 21.8% to a record $9.1 billion and net income reached $643 million or $1.87 per diluted share. Comparable store sales rose 5.3% in 2002, as we continued to increase our market share.
We believe our ability to succeed while many others struggled is a direct reflection of our business model and the hard work of our dedicated Associates. We offer the national brand merchandise our customers want at prices they can afford, which is especially attractive in a difficult economy. And we continue to focus on increasing productivity across all areas of the business, resulting in effective expense management. Selling, general and administrative expenses (SG&A) as a percent of sales decreased to 19.9% in 2002, an improvement of 47 basis points over the prior year.
Coast-to-coast expansion
We opened 75 stores in 2002, ending the year with a total of 457 stores, and created 15,000 new jobs in communities across the country. We successfully introduced the Kohl’s concept to new customers in the Houston, Boston, Nashville and Providence markets. We also added 36 new prototype stores in markets we already serve and opened four stores as part of a small-store test. In addition to opening new stores, we continued our emphasis on keeping our established stores fresh and current. From remodeling and expanding existing stores to updating our merchandise presentations, our goal is to drive increases in same-store sales by continually enhancing the Kohl’s shopping experience.
We will continue to build on this momentum with the opening of approximately 80 stores in 2003 and 95 - 100 stores in 2004. The new store openings will be a combination of new market entries and fill-ins in markets we already serve.
Our 2003 expansion has already begun. With the help of 4,500 new Associates, we successfully opened 28 new stores in the greater Los Angeles area in March. This expansion into the Southwest is significant because it gives Kohl’s a major presence in markets across the United States, moving us from a regional to a national retailer.
Arlene Meier, Kevin Mansell and Larry Montgomery.
The Southwest region provides significant growth opportunities for Kohl’s. To support the expansion into this region, we opened a new distribution center in San Bernardino, California, in December 2002. Building on our new Southern California base, we will further expand our presence in this region with the opening of new stores in the Phoenix, Las Vegas and Tucson markets in the fall.
The fact that we were able to successfully open 28 stores in a new West Coast market all on the same day is one more example of our thorough and disciplined approach to expansion, as well as our ability to consistently execute our strategies.
Framework for growth
The framework for our growth is the infrastructure we have developed and refined over the past 10 years, as we grew from our Midwestern base of 76 stores to become a major national retailer. Our regional management structure and market solutions group facilitate our expansion into new areas of the country with different style preferences and climates. Our distribution centers are strategically located to serve the existing stores in each region, as well as to support future expansion. We are continually improving our systems and programs to further increase productivity, efficiency and customer satisfaction. And with our coast-to-coast expansion comes new opportunities for national advertising and increased marketing to build the Kohl’s brand among consumers across the country.
We are financially strong and our capital structure is well positioned to support our growth. Internally generated cash flow continues to be our most important source of capital. A new $665 million revolving credit facility will be used primarily to support our seasonal working capital needs. It replaces a $300 million facility that would have matured in June 2003. We maintained our long-term debt ratings of A3 by Moody’s and A- by Standard & Poor’s.
  2
  
   Board of Directors Changes
In February 2003, Larry Montgomery was elected chairman of the board, succeeding Bill Kellogg. Larry will continue to serve as chief executive officer, a position he has held since 1999. A 32-year veteran of the retail industry, Larry joined Kohl’s
in 1988, was promoted to executive vice president in 1993, joined the Board of Directors in 1994 and became vice chairman in 1996.
Bill Kellogg, who retired from day-to-day operations in January 2001, will continue as a member of the Board and will serve as presiding director of non-management Board meetings.
In addition, we are pleased to welcome Judith Sprieser, president and CEO of Transora, Inc., to our Board of Directors. Her extensive experience in corporate finance, accounting and operations will be of great value to the Board.
Herb Simon, a director since 1988, has retired from the Board. Herb provided tremendous guidance through the years in the development and execution of our growth strategy. We wish Herb well and thank him for his many contributions to our success.
3
 Brands, value and convenience
Our success in both new and existing markets is due to our continued focus on brands, value and convenience. We understand that our key customer is a busy mom shopping for her home and family. We’ve designed the Kohl’s shopping experience around national brands, deep in-stock selection, an efficient store layout and fast check-out. Convenience at Kohl’s also means an on-line store for those who prefer to shop from home.
Kohl’s proprietary credit card provides added savings for our customers. Our high quality credit card portfolio functions as a loyalty program that drives sales by bringing customers into our stores through direct mail promotions, special discounts and other benefits.
There are many attributes that differentiate Kohl’s from the competition and position us for continued growth. None of them would be possible without our outstanding team of Associates. Our Associates are exceptional people who care about their customers, each other and their company. Our Associates have always been, and will continue to be, the driving force behind our success, because whether they work in our stores, distribution centers or corporate office, it is our people who truly set Kohl’s apart.
Commitment to our shareholders
Our Board of Directors takes its responsibility to shareholders very seriously. In anticipation of the new financial reporting and disclosure requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we revised our Board committee structure for 2003. We expanded the role of our Nominating Committee to include corporate governance oversight. The new Governance and Nominating Committee has adopted corporate governance guidelines that define how we conduct our business. This committee, as well
as our Compensation and Audit Committees, provide independent oversight and compliance functions for the key areas of our business. Our Board also monitors compliance with our code of ethics, which applies to every Kohl’s Associate.
To provide information to our shareholders more quickly, we have accelerated the timetable for our 10-K and 10-Q filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our 10-K will be filed within 60 days of year-end and our 10-Qs will be filed 35 days after the end of each quarter.
As in the past, we will continue to manage our business both ethically and responsibly, and with a commitment to representing the best interests of our shareholders.
More milestones ahead
When we went public in 1992, we said our goal was to be a major national retailer. We achieved that goal with our March 2003 entry into Southern California. But for every milestone we reach, there’s a new one on the horizon. There are many untapped new markets that offer excellent growth potential for Kohl’s. We have the infrastructure and financial strength to continue our steady expansion and we have a solid track record on which we can build.
Most of all, we have exceptional Associates, loyal customers, quality vendors and supportive shareholders who share our vision of continued growth and improved performance by bringing brands, value and convenience to customers from coast to coast.
   Larry Montgomery Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Kevin Mansell President
Arlene Meier
Chief Operating Officer
 