                  2
Dear Shareholders,
The 2007 retail environment proved challenging for most retailers, and Kohl’s was no exception. Although we achieved record sales for our 16th consecutive year as a public company, our earnings performance was disappointing relative to our expectations entering the year.
Net sales for the year increased 5.6 percent to $16.5 billion. On a comparable store basis, sales decreased 0.8 percent. Net income decreased 2.2 percent to $1.08 billion. Earnings per diluted share increased from $3.31 to $3.39.
Financial Discipline
Kohl’s continues to be financially strong. Our sales per square foot are among the highest in the industry. Our operating margin of 11 percent
in 2007 was also one of the highest
in the industry. Our capital structure is well positioned to support our expan- sion plans. Internally generated cash flows will continue to be the primary source of funding for our future growth and will provide liquidity in a challenging economic environment.
We completed our 2006 $2 billion share repurchase program in the second quarter of 2007. In September, we announced a new $2.5 billion share repurchase program which is expected to be completed by the end of fiscal 2010. We are committed to maintaining our BBB+ credit rating as well as distributing excess capital to our shareholders.
In 2007, we invested $1.5 billion in capital projects to grow our store base, remodel existing stores, support our future growth and enhance productivity.
Growing Market Share
We added 112 stores in 2007, increasing our store base from 817 to 929 stores. We opened 80 stores on a single day in October, marking the largest grand opening in company history. Significant expansion occurred in the Pacific Northwest and Florida as well as in established markets.
In 2008, we expect to open approxi- mately 70–75 stores led by our entry into the Miami-Ft. Lauderdale-West Palm Beach market. As an ongoing strategy to increase our market share, we’ll also continue to expand our pres- ence in existing markets. To support both new and existing growth, we also will open a new distribution center.
Strategies to Deliver
Our strategic initiatives remain consistent and are the roadmap for our future success. These initiatives focus on merchandise content, marketing,

                  Operating Income (in millions of dollars)
$1,416 $1,193
$1,815 $1,804
’06 ’07
Our marketing program is designed to differentiate Kohl’s in the market- place. The program uses a strategically selected variety of mediums to build awareness and desire for our national, private and exclusive brands and increase traffic and sales. We focused our efforts on encouraging our cus- tomer to explore the store to increase the number of areas of the store she shops for her family and herself. This will be a continued focus in 2008 in all
of our advertising and marketing.
Improving inventory flow and increasing speed-to-market continue to be impor- tant initiatives. Our goal is to reduce our average product cycle time from 40 weeks to 25 by the end of 2009
for most products. Brands requiring “fast fashion,” such as the ELLE
Contemporary Collection, can be devel- oped in as few as 12–16 weeks. We
will remain conservative in our inventory planning and will rely on our supplier partnerships to replenish merchandise quickly as business conditions improve.
Enhancing the in-store shopping experience revolves around making our stores more visually exciting
and easier to shop. Introduced in 2006, our innovation store design is aimed directly at broadening customer appeal. Phase II of the innovation store was implemented in our fall 2007 new stores and focused on encouraging cross- shopping in our stores. Elements included a redesign of the juniors’ area, including new fitting rooms, and improved presentation of handbags, intimate apparel and jewelry. In fall, we begin phase III of our innovation in select stores focusing on enhance- ments in children’s and shoes. We continue to evaluate customer reaction to these changes and expect that store innovations will be a continual process.
Kohl’s Cares
With our Kohl’s Cares for Kids program, we continue to donate signifi- cant resources, hours and merchandise to improve children’s lives in communi- ties nationwide. We also have focused our efforts on being a good corporate
citizen in environmental matters and are proud of our recognition by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) as a leader in the retail industry and
in the use of “green” power.
We wish to take this opportunity to say thank you to James D. Ericson and R. Elton White for their 11 and 14 years of service, respectively, as members
of Kohl’s board of directors. They both will be retiring in April 2008.
Stephanie A. Streeter joined our board of directors in 2007, bringing her exper- ience in technology and supply-chain management, including six years with Banta Corporation, to Kohl’s. We also welcomed Don Brennan and John Worthington as principals and senior executive vice presidents in charge of merchandising and stores, respectively.
Looking Forward
We expect 2008 to be a challenging year from a macroeconomic perspec- tive. We are planning conservatively
in our sales expectations, inventory levels and expenses. We will continue to invest the necessary resources to ensure our profitable growth over the long term through investments in asso- ciates and technology. We also will utilize our strong financial position to continue to expand in new and existing markets in order to grow market share in a difficult environment.
With prudent financial management in 2008, we are confident we will emerge as an even stronger company. While we have a lot of work to do, I believe our business is well positioned thanks to our 125,000 dedicated associates, shareholders, customers and business partners. It is because of them that you can continue to “expect great things” from Kohl’s in 2008 and beyond.
LARRY MONTGOMERY
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   $951
’03
’04 ’05
3
    17.4% CAGR1
1 Compounded Annual Growth Rate
inventory management and the in-store shopping experience, ultimately posi- tioning Kohl’s as the store just for her.
Expanding our merchandise offering is critical to increasing market share and engaging a broader range of cus- tomers. In the updated and contempo- rary categories, we introduced Simply Vera Vera Wang and Food Network nationwide in September 2007, along with the ELLE Contemporary Collection in about half the chain. The ELLE Contemporary Collection will be avail- able in all stores spring 2008. These brands were eagerly embraced by our customers. Brands such as Chaps continue to attract our core classic customer while the introduction
of Dana Buchman in spring 2009 will enhance our classic offerings.
In 2008, we will add even more variety and innovation to our merchandise with the nationwide rollout of the ELLE Contemporary Collection, an expan- sion of our Food Network relationship through a partnership with Bobby Flay, the introduction of Gold Toe and the introduction of FILA SPORT in the
fall. To support our growing portfolio of world-class brands, we opened a design office in 2007 in the heart of New York’s garment district to speed the collaboration process with many of our exclusive partners.
          