 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Last year I briefly outlined some of our strategies for growing and improving our company. I mentioned our need to constantly strive for better performance, greater efficiencies, stronger employees and more satisfied customers. In 2007 we significantly advanced those goals, and continue to pursue them as we strengthen Lithia Motors.
This past year certainly threw us some challenges while we pursued these objectives. Economic turbulence came in the form of rising gasoline prices, housing market slowdowns, credit market turmoil, and lower consumer confidence. These factors impacted our company’s financial performance.
We are committed to follow through on the improvements we are making. We see the current recessionary environment as the opportunity to pursue these improvements. What we are sacrificing in a downturn does not compare to what we stand to gain in a healthy economic environment. We will arrive out the other side of this challenging economic environment as a better company positioned with more operational strength and greatly enhanced earnings potential. The driving motives are happier customers, employees, and more volume in a more efficient model.
RECESSION RELATED CHANGES
In addition to looking out into the future and making important structural and cultural changes, Lithia Motors is also working hard at cutting costs in response to the recessionary climate. We are:
• Reviewing all costs. Every expense item that can be reduced is being acted upon;
• Reducing personnel as a response to lower sales volume. As a retailer, we have the benefit of being able to rapidly respond to slower sales environments;
• Slowing or postponing capital expenditures where prudent;
• Modifying our acquisition strategy. Current prices for acquisitions are falling.
Until they settle into what we consider to be attractive levels, we will wait it out;
then move strategically.
• Disposing of underperforming stores. Some stores that do not meet our return on
investment criteria will be put up for sale;
• Executing mortgage financing and sale-leaseback opportunities with our owned
real estate to generate growth capital and reduce short-term debt.
April 10, 2008

STRUCURAL CHANGES
New and Used Sales
We have attained our initial goal of creating a customer-centric experience at the store level for new and used vehicle sales. With our improved processes we now offer our customers a transparent environment that is unique in auto retailing in many ways. The experience begins with our Drive-It-Now price posted on every vehicle that is always at or below MSRP. This means there are no longer any additional dealer markups, documentation fees (except in states where this is specifically allowed), or other hidden costs for our customers. Transparency is what customers want. This, and solid guarantees that bring peace-of-mind to the transaction are what Lithia provides. With our 3-day/500 mile return policy, a customer need never second-guess their decision to purchase from Lithia Motors.
Service and Parts
Satisfying customers is what has driven the changes in our Service and Parts business as well. We believe a customer should be able to bring their car into a Lithia service department on their schedule, when it is convenient for them. We have increased our hours of operation in most of our service departments to accommodate the customer. We also stand behind every repair we make for a full 3 years or 50,000 miles. If the repair fails, we’ll fix it for free – and that includes parts and labor. Our up-front pricing also assures a complete and detailed quote for the work that needs to be performed before any work begins. We guarantee that we won’t charge any more than the price promised.
Negotiation Free Selling
There has been quite a bit of talk about “no-haggle” or “negotiation-free” selling recently. It is important that we clarify Lithia’s strategy with regard to this subject. Currently, we are testing a completely negotiation-free environment at a number of our stores. At most others we employ a more traditional sales method that continues to function well for that customer base and for that sales staff, but still has the new customer-centric experiences mentioned above. We may have misjudged how we communicated this roll-out to the stores in the beginning, and the results of that showed in the fourth quarter. Management has clarified our negotiation-free vision, and our store leaders are all now on board with what our expectations are for them and their teams. Our goal is to increase customer satisfaction and maximize volume at all our stores at the lowest possible cost.
L2 Auto
For anyone who has not yet visited the L2 Auto website (www.L2Auto.com), we strongly encourage you to do so. Its ease-of-use, and its thorough processes will demonstrate very quickly just how terrific this technology is. The negotiation-free selling model of the L2 Auto system is helping to lead our company in a new direction. The simplicity with which one can buy and finance, or sell a car on the website is exciting. Take a look at the process online. You too will be impressed. Our customers have been.
We know there is great potential for the L2 Auto business model. The technology is solid, and the customers are satisfied with its processes. An unexpected benefit is our

ability to identify best practices within a centralized, efficient and transparent business model and import them into our new car stores as well. The results continue to be encouraging, and we will continue to share our progress with you. Currently we have three stores in operation, and a fourth will open in the second quarter
LONG-TERM VISION
Improving the way vehicles are sold and serviced requires more than a shift in procedures – it requires a shift in our culture. It is a shift that we are capable of, and prepared to complete.
Our philosophy has never been to manage quarter-to-quarter with a short-term viewpoint. Lithia Motors has always strived to be ahead of the curve and remain focused on our long-term strategy. We continue with this approach today, and it will benefit our company, our customers, our employees, and you – our investors. We thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Sidney B. DeBoer
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 