CHAIRMAN'S LETTER

Lear Corporation is a leader in providing two critical systems to the global automotive industry ­ Seating and Electrical Distribution. We serve all of the world's major automakers and have been widely recognized for our excellence in operating performance, product innovation and customer service. Key elements of our ongoing success include global capabilities, high-precision manufacturing, a low-cost footprint, the most talented team in the industry and a culture of doing whatever it takes to exceed customer expectations and deliver superior shareholder value. Our Vision is to consistently be recognized as:     · A Supplier of choice; · An Employer of choice; · The Investment of choice; and · A Company that supports the communities where we do business.

Lear's Board of Directors strives to be responsive to our shareholders and remains committed to maintaining strong corporate governance practices. 2013 was an excellent year for Lear Corporation as the Company achieved a total shareholder return of 75%. This was more than double the S&P 500 return of 32%. The Lear team continues to execute on its strategy to profitably grow the core Seating and Electrical businesses, expand low-cost component capabilities and improve long-term competitiveness. In 2013, the Company achieved its fourth consecutive year of growth in sales and adjusted earnings per share. This resulted in another year of strong cash flow, which is allowing us to continue our balanced strategy of investing in the core businesses, providing flexibility to pursue niche acquisitions that will strengthen our business and creating value and returning cash to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We began returning cash to our shareholders in the first quarter of 2011, and since that time, we have returned $1.7 billion, including the buyback of 25% of our outstanding shares. We are continuing to return cash to shareholders and have previously authorized the Company to buy back $750 million of our shares over the next two years. In addition, we increased our quarterly cash dividend in February by 18% to $0.20 per share. This represented our third consecutive annual increase. As we look forward, the Lear team has the talent and dedication to ensure that we are positioned well to achieve future success on behalf of our shareholders. Sincerely,

Henry D. G. Wallace Non-Executive Chairman March 17, 2014
2013 ANNUAL REPORT/L E A R C O R P O R AT I O N

1

CEO'S LETTER

The global automotive business is a growth industry. Last year, the industry produced 83 million vehicles, a 4% increase compared with 2012 and the fourth consecutive year of record volume. Major industry forecasters project that the global automotive industry will continue to grow, reaching 100 million vehicles within the next 5 years. Last year, all major regions of the world recorded gains in vehicle production. In this environment, the Lear team delivered the fourth consecutive year of higher sales and adjusted earnings per share. We serve every major automaker in the world and Lear content can be found on more than 300 vehicle nameplates worldwide. Since 2010, Lear's total sales have grown at an annual rate of 11% per year, which is more than twice as fast as the global industry. Both of our business segments -- Seating and Electrical -- are outpacing industry growth rates, reflecting the benefit of our low-cost global footprint, our customers' increasing utilization of global vehicle platforms, content growth and market share gains. With 2,355 patents issued and pending, we continue to develop and promote new products and technologies. We utilize numerous alternative lighter-weight and environmentally-friendly materials to improve fuel efficiency and sustainability. Lear is also a leader in supplying battery charging systems and complete electrical distribution systems for alternative energy vehicles. We continue to have one of the strongest balance sheets among automotive suppliers, with investment grade credit metrics, cash at year-end 2013 of $1.1 billion, no near-term debt maturities and modest legacy liabilities for a company our size.

Seating
In our Seating business, Lear is one of two independent global manufacturers that provide complete seat systems including related components ­ structures, mechanisms, foam and surface materials ­ to every major automotive producing region of the world. We have a strong market position in every major automotive producing market globally, which is particularly important as our customers move to global platforms. Our engineering expertise, competitive low-cost footprint, complete component capabilities, quality leadership, history of innovation and strong customer relationships provide us with a great platform for future growth. We serve all of the major vehicle manufacturers and provide seats for all product segments. Lear is the world leader in providing luxury and performance seating for premium brands, including Alfa Romeo, Audi, BMW, Cadillac, Ferrari, Jaguar Land Rover, Lamborghini, Lincoln, Maserati, Mercedes-Benz and Porsche. We are also proud to provide seats to General Motors for the Corvette Stingray and Chevrolet Silverado, this year's winners of the North American International Auto Show Car and Truck of the Year. Lear's global Seating business had sales of $12.0 billion in 2013 and has a sales backlog of $1.35 billion for the 2014 to 2016 period. The Seating business continues to generate strong cash flow and returns in excess of our cost of capital.

Electrical
In our Electrical business, Lear is one of four global providers of complete electrical distribution systems for traditional electrical architectures, as well as emerging high-power and hybrid electrical systems.

2

2013 ANNUAL REPORT/L E A R C O R P O R AT I O N

Growth in electrical content within a vehicle continues to outpace overall production as consumer demand for features requiring power is increasing, stricter requirements for fuel economy and emissions are driving more sophisticated electronic controls and alternative powertrains require high-power wiring, custom connectors and power management devices. Lear is a leader in designing and engineering efficient electrical distribution systems and utilizing technology to reduce the cost and weight of electrical modules, such as junction boxes. Lear was the first to market with smart junction boxes and we continue to lead the industry with our new generation of Solid State Smart Junction BoxTM technology. In recent years, we have invested in improving our manufacturing footprint in low-cost countries and increasing our component capabilities in the emerging markets. The resulting improvement in our Electrical cost structure combined with our faster-than-industry sales growth has resulted in higher year-over-year margins for 17 consecutive quarters. Lear's Electrical sales have increased from $1.9 billion in 2009 to $4.2 billion last year. Supported by a $550 million sales backlog and industry trends of increasing electrical content in vehicles, we expect our Electrical sales to continue to grow faster than industry production.

Delivering Value
We are following a balanced approach of investing in our business, maintaining a strong and flexible balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. We have the product expertise, global reach, competitive footprint and financial flexibility to profitably grow our business. We are also well positioned for significant industry trends toward global platforms, customer-directed sourcing of individual components and increased electrical content in vehicles. We plan to continue to invest in our business to improve our market position and returns. In 2013, we opened six new component plants, and since 2011, we have invested approximately $350 million and opened 23 new component facilities. We also are continuing to pursue niche acquisitions that will complement our present product offerings, facilitate further diversification of our sales and increase our component capabilities. We plan to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet while at the same time continuing to return cash to shareholders on a consistent basis. Last year, we returned $1.1 billion to shareholders through our share repurchase and dividend programs and our total shareholder return was 75% compared with 32% for the S&P 500. We have a remaining share repurchase authorization of $750 million and in February, the Board increased our quarterly cash dividend from $0.17 per share to $0.20 per share, an 18% increase. Going forward, I am optimistic about the longer term prospects for our Company. I believe Lear is well positioned to sustain our success. We have the strongest team in the industry, an unrelenting focus on customer satisfaction and the financial resources to continue to profitably grow and further diversify our business. I truly appreciate the support of the Board of Directors, our customers, employees, shareholders, suppliers and all of the communities where we do business.

Sincerely,

Matthew Simoncini President and Chief Executive Officer

2013 ANNUAL REPORT/L E A R C O R P O R AT I O N

3

