

 
200.5in
review
►► achieved highest­ ever net sales of
$17.1 billion

►► launched global restructuring plan

►► expanded infrastruc­ture in Asia; grew sales
in Asia and with Asian automakers by25%

►► increased low-cost country manufacturing
and engineering

►► ranked as J.D.
Power and Associates' highest-quality major seat supplier for fifth consecutive year
 
letter	to s h a r e h o l d e r s

2005 was a difficult year in the automotive business- and it was one of the most challeng­ing in Lear's 88-year history.Despite record sales, a number of factors had a negative impact on our profitability, including lower production of high-Lear-content vehicles, unprece­dented raw material costs, large investments in future business and the changeover of a significant portion of our North American business to new mod els. Despite the challenges, I'm proud to say the Lear team kept its focus on delivering superior quality and value to our customers. And we have put in place improvement plans that we believe will restore our profitability and competitiveness going forward.

adverse conditions call for change ►►
In 2005, a reversal in the trend toward total interiors that led us to develop tot al interior capability became apparent. In response, we're focused our strategy by implementing indi­vidual approaches for each of our product lines. With Seating, we'll continue to strengthen our position as the industry leader. In our Electrical Distribution and Electron ics business, we're targeting profitable growth. And for our Interior products business, we're seeking a viable new business model.
Throughout the industry, major automakers struggle with overcapacity and fierce competition for market share, creating an intense focus on cost reduction. And the supply base experienced financial distress resulting from the continuing high raw material prices and other cost pressures
- all of which contributed to unplanned expenditures for Lear. On top of that, a large amount of new business came on line in 2005. While this new business activity had a positive impact on sales -we posted record sales of$17.1 billion - launch costs were higher than normal.
Despite these challenges, our operating fundamentals, such as quality, plant productiv­ity and the positive spirit of the Lear team, remained strong in 2005.
 




 

 



2►►
 
delivering world-class interiors
Benchmarking clinics, delivery mapping, lighting innova­tion, acoustical testing, new-product design- they're all part of Lear's focus on quality and customer satisfaction.
 





 
a new, more sustainable business model ►►
We have developed comprehensive plans to improve our global competitiveness- and the foundation is keeping our focus on our core values. This means continuously improving our product quality and customer satisfaction levels, and con­tinuing to deliver superior value to our customers.
To improve our financial results, we are focusing intensely on improving our manufacturing cost structure- accelerating our move to lower-cost sources, and increasing collaboration with our customers to jointly reduce costs. At the same time, we're working to grow our revenue with a strong backlog and with innovative ,consumer-focused products and technologies.
As the composition of global mar ket shares continues to change, we plan to further diversify our sales with a priority on winning new business in Asia and with Asian automkers. In 2005, we grew our total sales in Asia and with Asian
 

automakers by approximately 25% and increased our low­ cost country manufacturing and engineering capability.
I am most pleased that we continue to improve our internal quality measures and receive recognition from all our major customers in the areas of quality, customer satisfaction and productivity. In the independent J.D. Power and Associates 2005 Seat Quality Report, Lear ranked as the highest-quality seat producer among high-volumes suppliers in North America for the fifth consecutive year.
I am confident that, as we relentlessly address the chal­lenges, Lear will emerge as an even stronger company. The Lear team is committed to delivering excellent returns to our shareholders over time. We see 2006 as a year of improvement, and our longer-term outlook remains positive.
