highlights of 2004
 record $17 billion in net sales 

letter to our shareholders
Our five pillars of success are: the Lear culture, customer service, operational excellence, product innovation and profitable growth. We firmly believe that the key to delivering superior value to our shareholders and sustaining our company over time is to put our customers first in everything we do. the Lear culture  The positive spirit and dedication of the Lear team is a distinct competitive advantage for our company. Every day, an inspired and diverse team of 110,000 employees in 34 countries work together to deliver high-quality interior products and outstanding service to all of the world's major automakers. Collectively, we excel at exceeding our customers' requirements and we never quit until the customer is completely satisfied. customer service  Our relentless focus on delivering great value and service is what has made Lear one of the fastest-growing companies in America, based upon revenue growth over the past decade. For the third year in a row, Lear Corporation ranked No. 1 in its industry, "Motor Vehicle Parts," in Fortune® magazine's " America's Most Admired Companies" survey. Further emphasizing our customer focus, over the last five years, Lear seating systems have shown a 25% quality improvement in an independent study by J.D. Power and Associates. Thanks to the efforts of our employees, Lear also earned numerous customer accolades, such as a Global Value Achievement Award from Toyota and four World Excellence Awards from Ford Motor Company. operational excellence 

net income per share of $5.77 acquisition of German electronics company Grote & Hartmann



ranked No. 1 in its industry, "Motor Vehicle Parts," in FORTUNE® magazine's "America's Most Admired Companies" survey
 

No. 129 among the FORTUNE 500®

launched innovative products: Car2UTM and TouchTecTM


established new joint ventures and facilities in Asia
 

three-year new business backlog of $3.8 billion

In 2004, we continued to improve our operating fundamentals, with a particular emphasis on quality performance and operating efficiency. Our efforts produced another solid year of outstanding quality for our customers and improving financial results for our shareholders. We achieved our fourth consecutive year of quality improvement, with a significant reduction in our parts per million defective. We also delivered record financial results, including net sales of $17 billion and net income of $422 million, or $5.77 per share. We posted strong cash flow and continued to reduce our net debt-to-capital ratio to its lowest level ever, while funding our acquisition of Grote & Hartmann. Our strong financial position allowed the company to pay a cash dividend and to repurchase nearly 2 million shares of Lear stock last year.

2 

Lear leadership James H. Vandenberghe, Vice Chairman Robert E. Rossiter, Chairman and CEO David C. Wajsgras, Senior Vice President and CFO Douglas G. DelGrosso, President and COO, Americas Donald J. Stebbins, President and COO, Europe, Asia and Africa

product innovation  Lear continues to demonstrate product and technology leadership in the auto industry by introducing consumerfocused products. Our engineers and designers also made strides in new manufacturing techniques such as the twoshot molding process and the innovative use of new materials like our Spray PURTM polyurethane applications. Globally, Lear has more than 3,500 patents and patent applications, reflecting our drive to deliver new products, features and technologies that customers value most. Electronics content on vehicles is expected to increase in the upcoming years, and Lear's acquisition of a terminals and connectors business in 2004 provides the company with expertise and additional resources to continue our growth. Our reputation as a full-service automotive interior integrator resulted in the industry's first-ever total interior program in partnership with General Motors on the all-new Cadillac DTS and Buick Lucerne models that go into production later this year. profitable growth  Expanding and improving on a global scale continues to be a focus for the Lear team. We reported solid 2004

financial performance in Europe, due in part to our leadership position in seating, and we expect our results to continue to improve in Europe. Lear's greatest potential for growth is in the Asia Pacific region and with the Asian automakers worldwide. We formed new partnerships in Asia in 2004, bringing our total number of joint ventures in the region to 19, and 33 worldwide. New contracts with Asian automakers in the U.S. and abroad will continue to fuel our growth. Lear's new Alabama facility is now supplying wire harnesses and seating to Hyundai, and Lear will provide interior trim for the 2007 Toyota Tundra. Our recently reported three-year sales backlog of $3.8 billion reflects the ongoing confidence of our customers and ensures our continued sales momentum. Full speed ahead ...

Robert E. Rossiter Chairman and CEO

3 

