   CEO’S
LETTER
2011 was another year of strong operating and financial performance for Lear, with sales up 18% and core operating earnings up 25%. The Company also generated $461 million in free cash flow and ended the year with $1.8 billion in cash after returning $330 million to shareholders.
This positive momentum reflects improvements in Lear’s business structure following significant opera- tional and financial restructuring over the past few years. In addition, global automotive production in 2011 was a record of nearly 75 million vehicles, up 3% from 2010 and the second consecutive year of improvement following the downturn of 2008/2009.
The Lear team is driven to succeed by an unrelent- ing focus on serving our customers and maintaining excellence in all of our operations globally.
Customer Focus
Lear is a leading Tier 1 supplier of two critical systems to the global automotive industry – Seating and Electrical Power Management Systems. We serve every major automaker in the world, and Lear content can be found on more than 300 vehicle nameplates worldwide.
Our marketing tagline is Advance Relentlessly, reflecting the can-do spirit of the Lear team, our drive for continuous improvement and our commitment to never quitting until our customers are completely satisfied.
Our strong commitment to supporting our customers is evident in the recognition that we receive from them. In 2011, we were named “Supplier of the Year” for Seat Assemblies by General Motors – marking the eighth year in a row and the eleventh year out of the last twelve years that we have received this recognition. We also continued to receive numerous other customer and industry awards recognizing our superior quality, service, innovation and value.
The global automotive industry is extremely competi- tive and automotive customers are looking for ever increasing functionality at affordable prices. As a
result, we continue to be very proactive in terms of value engineering proposals and cost technology optimization workshops to assist our customers in meeting their cost targets.
Operational Excellence
We are keenly focused on making continuous im- provements to all of our processes and procedures. We know how important the key fundamentals of our business are to our ongoing success. The basics of our business range from on-time program development to flawless product launches to lean manufacturing, as well as to excellence in quality. We strive to eliminate organizational redundancy and improve efficiency in every function, location and activity. Our ability to deliver the best possible products and services to our customers at a competitive cost requires that we keep our operations as efficient and productive as possible. This is part of our heritage and remains a cornerstone of our business philosophy.
To support our future success, we are increasing organic investments in our core businesses. Last year, capital spending increased $136 million to $330 million or 2.3% of sales. For 2012, we expect spending to increase to $425 million or 3.0% of sales. In addition to supporting new business initiatives globally, Lear has significantly increased investments in component capabilities. Over the 2010 to 2012 period, the Company has earmarked approximately $300 million to increase our component capacity in emerging markets. We believe that these invest- ments will allow the Company to better serve our customers and facilitate future sales growth and margin expansion.
With 2,160 patents issued and pending, we continue to develop and promote new products and tech- nologies. Our EPMS business was recently notified that, following an extensive evaluation process, Lear’s Solid State Smart Junction BoxTM has been selected as a finalist for a PACE award sponsored by Automotive News. PACE awards, now in their 18th year, are recognized as the industry benchmark for innovation. In our Seating business, we continue to utilize alternative lighter-weight and environmen-
tally-friendly materials to improve fuel efficiency and sustainability. We are committed to continuing to develop and engineer new products in order to meet our customers’ requirements and maintain our competitiveness.
We have been using the phrase “Working Together and Winning Together . . . as One Lear” to symbolize our open and inclusive working environment, the sharing of information and resources between divisions and functions as well as the standardiza- tion of our processes globally. I am convinced that our success going forward will be determined by how well we communicate with one another and work together.
Shareholder Value
The Company’s strategy, simply put, is to maximize value to our shareholders over time. In addition to our positive operating momentum and improving financial results, we have one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. We have no debt maturities until 2018, and last year, the major credit rating agencies upgraded our credit ratings.
We are continuing to invest in our core businesses, especially in additional component capability in emerging markets and growth in the Asia-Pacific region. In addition, the Company is committed to returning cash to our shareholders. On February 16, 2011, Lear’s Board of Directors authorized a $400 million share repurchase program, initiated a quarterly cash dividend and announced a two-for- one stock split. In January 2012, the Board authorized an additional $300 million to repurchase our shares, bringing the total amount authorized for share buybacks to $700 million. Then, in February 2012, the Board increased our quarterly cash dividend from $0.125 per share to $0.14 per share, a 12% increase.
Going forward, the Company is well positioned to sustain our success. We have substantially reduced our structural costs, diversified our sales, made sig- nificant investments in adding component capability in emerging markets and funded new business de- velopment opportunities globally. We expect global
automotive demand will continue to grow for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, we are optimistic about the long term prospects for our Company. I truly appreciate the support of the Board of Directors, our customers, employees, shareholders, suppliers and all of the communities where we do business.
Sincerely,
Matthew Simoncini
President and Chief Executive Officer
  ONE
LEAR
   THREE | LEAR CORPORATION 2011
FOUR | LEAR CORPORATION 2011
 