Dear Shareholders,
What an incredible year! We grew by leaps and bounds in 2000, but also by commitment and caring. We focused on results and we achieved them. Our success is a tribute to the thousands of associates, old and new, who make up the Lennar Family. A passion for excellence and a fun, positive atmosphere, loaded with a unique corporate culture, create an environment where associates working together turn the Company credo “I Care” into a warm embraced “We Care”. Together we strive to be the best in everything we do.
We accelerated our Company’s growth with the strategic acquisition of U.S. Home, which has turned out to be a great combination in every way. These two companies were meant to be together. In addition to being an outstanding financial transaction, the companies have fit together both operationally and culturally. Associates throughout the Company have joined forces to enable Lennar to benefit from the best practices of two outstanding programs.
With the integration now complete, Lennar is now more geographically diversified, has a broader product offering and has two very strong and dynamic marketing strategies in “Everything’s IncludedSM” and “Design StudioSM”. Additionally, we have enhanced Lennar’s exciting culture with the long-standing and well-regarded U.S. Home Leadership Development and Training program.
While growing our business we remained focused on financial results. We grew revenues and bottom line earnings to record levels, while maintaining one of the best balance sheets in the business. We also continued to grow a more diversified earnings stream as our Financial Services Division added bottom line growth by providing mortgage, title and closing services to our expanded customer base.
We achieve superior results on a consistent basis...
We achieve superior results on a consistent basis...
Our solid financial performance in 2000 was a testament to the successful execution of a business plan that remains simple and results-oriented. Successful execution flows directly from a culture of caring about everything we do. Our 2000 results exceeded even our own expectations:
• total revenues grew 51% to $4.7 billion,
• net earnings increased 33% to $229 million,
• shareholders’ equity increased 39% to $1.2 billion,
• earnings per share grew to $3.64, a 33% increase,
• leveraging our strong financial position to complete the largest acquisition
in the history of the homebuilding industry with the purchase of U.S. Home and • drove net debt to total capital down to 44% by year end.
 5
 
Our 2000 results do not stand alone. In fact, we have a long history of building shareholder value. Each year’s success raises the bar for the next year’s even better performance. We are always striving to be even better. The Lennar process of the way we manage, the way we grow and the way we achieve results enables us to achieve uncommon results on a regular basis.
Focused Management
...because we care about managing...
...because we care about managing...
The Lennar managing process starts and ends with people. At Lennar we have worked very hard over many years to create a culture that drives everyone to be the best they
can be, while having fun along the way. Lennar is simply
a great place to work. We are quite certain that we have more laughs, giggles and smiles per hour worked than anyone in the business. We all wear name badges, we recite the
   “We are bottom-line focused. We don’t confuse
Company poem and we encourage everyone to be a leader. There is a sense of camaraderie that fills the halls of Lennar that acts as a company support system. That support system keeps everyone working together, striving for the same high goals and standards.
We are a Company that loves to learn. Whether through acquisitions or through studying our peers and markets, we test and incorporate best practices that promote success. We focus on technology, but have not been distracted by it. We adapt to change, but never take our eye off the ball.
Simple and consistent corporate controls, goals and bonus programs direct the focus of our associates. A comprehensive planning, budgeting and review cycle provides discipline to operations. A clearly defined process followed with discipline reinforces our Company’s intense focus on return on net assets.
 6
 
Management is the machine that drives our success. We manage our business by promoting success and longevity. Our Company’s culture promotes working hard while enjoying what you’re doing, individuality as part of a team, and entrepreneurial spirit bridled by tight corporate control. Our Company is focused.
Building a Better Company
 ...because we care about growing...
...because we care about growing...
The growth process at Lennar starts and ends with a strong balance sheet.
Strategic growth at Lennar is very carefully managed and
controlled. It starts with a strong financial position that can comfortably
support a strategic acquisition. We seize market inefficiencies to grow the Company opportunistically. A good acquisition positions the Company with financial cushion. We pare down purchased assets and reposition the Company for financial strength again.
  activity with prosperity, or size with quality.”
Internally we grow our operating divisions through regular growth planning. Each operating division has its own growth plan that provides for comfortable organic expansion that fits the division’s existing management reach and control.
Acquisitions require successful integration to build a better company. The best way to achieve this is to insist on a cultural fit up front. We spend as much time considering cultural fit as we spend modeling the financial attributes of an acquisition.
Growth is about strategy and risk management. We do not confuse activity with prosperity. When we grow effectively we prepare and position our Company for future successes. We constantly measure downside risk against upside potential. We refuse to grow just to get big. Bob Strudler, our Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer, constantly reminds us that “Bigger is not better, only better is better.” Therefore, we grow our operations only as market conditions permit. We do not try to force growth because growth carries a high degree of risk.
LEONARD MILLER
Founder and Chairman of the Board
 7
 
... b e c a u s e w ... e b c e a c r a e u a s b e o w u e t c r a e s r u e l a t s b ...o u t r e s u l t s ...
The Lennar process of achieving great results starts and ends with everyone focused on return on net assets (“RONA”). Every investment, every sale, every asset and every operation is measured and evaluated against RONA. We talk about RONA, we celebrate RONA, we measure RONA monthly and we advertise RONA internally.
Disciplined Financial Management
 Our management mantra is very simple and consistent: keep profits higher and assets lower. A sustainable high return on net assets is the goal of every operating division in the Company since our Company’s bonus programs are based on achieving high returns.
Many corporate strategies are focused on producing high returns. Our dual marketing strategies of “Everything’s IncludedSM” and “Design StudioSM” are about increasing land absorption to increase returns. We sell land positions to competitors to keep asset balances low.
  “Bigger is not better,
Simply put, by keeping all of our operations focused on sustainable return on net assets, Lennar is consistently able to do something that few builders can: produce consistent earnings per share growth, create high returns on capital and equity, reduce net debt to total capital and maintain conservative accounting policies – and do them all simultaneously. Consider these statistics:
1997 – 2000
• average return on beginning shareholders’ equity of 28%,
• grew net earnings to $229 million – a 44% annualized growth rate,
• increased shareholders’ equity to $1.2 billion – a 41% annualized growth rate, • book value per share increased to $19.58 – a 33% annualized growth rate,
• EBITDA grew to $519 million – a 45% annualized growth rate and
• grew revenues to $4.7 billion – a 39% annualized growth rate.
  8
 
...and we c..a.arendtowbeectahre btoesbt!e the best!
The future holds no limits for our Company. As we enter 2001, our Company has never been better positioned to react, respond and seize opportunity
than we are today. We are financially well-positioned, we are
excited about the opportunities provided by our business,
we are passionate about being the nation’s very best
homebuilder, and “We Care”!
At Lennar, we believe in what we do because
fundamentally, our business is about dreams; the dreams of
families, communities and investors, and of the associates who
build their careers with us. “We Care” about those dreams because our
reputation is built on them. With almost half a century behind us, we look forward to a new millennium in which our focus on quality, simplicity, value, innovation and caring will help us continue to grow and evolve into an even better Company.
GROW
 MANAGE
THE LENNAR WAY
RESULTS
  only better is better.”
We would like to thank our customers, our associates and our shareholders for giving us the opportunity to earn your trust and nurture your dreams.
Sincerely,
Stuart A. Miller
President & Chief Executive Officer
BOB STRUDLER
Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer
   9
    