 “The news came- U.S. Home was being acquired. The change has been good for me, in that I get to laugh and play and still
be productive. Even better, I get to be me.”
Dorothy Randall Lennar/U.S. Home Corporate, Houston
As I look back on the past year, I am gratified by the outstanding efforts of our Associates and allwehaveaccomplished. The7,000plusAssociatesofLennarhaveguidedourCompanyto another year of growth and record-breaking business performance. Lennar, is indeed a Company driven by the strength, depth and tenure of its people, and I would like to thank each and every Lennar Associate for their exemplary commitment to excellence in 2001.
We solidified our leadership position in the industry by generating $6 billion in revenue, net earnings of $418 million, and earnings per share of $6.01. We enhanced the strength of our balance sheet with an almost 20% return on net capital; our $1 billion credit facility paid down to zero; $824 million of cash at year end; and a net debt to total capital ratio of 29%. This performance has positioned us well in a homebuilding marketplace that is poised for consolidation.
Over the past 10 years the largest homebuilders have experienced consistently strong EPS, revenue and deliveries growth. They are now positioned with strong management teams and liquid balance sheets. These larger homebuilders will continue to turn size into bottom line benefits through reduced construction costs, Internet sales, branding potential and addition- al improvements in capital structure. With industry-wide EPS multiples averaging less than 10x and consistent EPS growth of over 20% compounded annually, we are confident that the marketplace will continue to take notice of the investment opportunities of large scale homebuilders. Lennar's performance among this elite group speaks for itself. Lennar is an industry leader.
Our defined business process, diversification, and strong balance sheet are what continue to drive our performance. We are focused on simplicity and consistency with all of our divisions being measured on the same standards and all contributing to the bottom line. Our growth is driven by and dependent on the strength of our balance sheet; and our balance sheet is very, very strong.
Our due diligence and bottom line expectations have resulted in successful acquisitions, including eleven acquisitions since 1997 - with U.S. Home being the pinnacle and Patriot Homes in Baltimore and Don Galloway Homes and Sunstar Communities in the Carolinas being the most recent. These acquisitions have uniquely positioned us as one of the most diverse builders in the marketplace. Our product offerings now range from homes for first- time buyers to homes for the active adult. Our price points range from under $100,000 entry- level homes to over $1 million ocean view homes. Our dual marketing strategy of both Design StudioSM and Everything's IncludedSM provides us a vehicle for internal growth, faster and more efficient use of our net assets and a larger market share capture. Our geographic diversifica- tion now finds us in 16 states and 44 metropolitan areas from the east coast to the west coast.
While we are proud of our performance and financial accomplishments, 2001was a year filled with a number of challenges as well.
Dear Shareholders:

 As a Company we lost our co-founder and valued member of our Board of Directors, Arnold P. Rosen. Arnold was a mentor to me personally as I learned the real estate business and grew through the ranks of Lennar. Arnold set many of the standards of business and conduct to which we adhere as a Company today, and his rich tradition of personal philanthropy is ingrained permanently in the Lennar culture of helping our community benefit as we grow in size and stature as a Company. Lennar has benefitted greatly from Arnold's inspiration as co-founder of the Company, his knowledge and work ethic in management, and his personal integrity and decency in guiding our business. Arnold's presence will be missed by all of us here at Lennar.
National events have also presented challenges in 2001. Our country has weathered a national economic recession, which has raised questions of cyclicality in the homebuilding industry. Additionally, America as we know it changed in light of the tragic events of September 11th. In responding to these challenges, we have found the strength of cul- ture and conviction that make us uniquely Lennar.
Throughout 2001, we have moved our business forward with our heads, while we acted with our hearts. The events of September 11th challenged us to revisit those values that make corporations succeed, or fail. In the hours and days immediately following that tragic day, our management team revisited priorities and expectations for the future. Our primary goal was to ensure that all 7,000 plus Associates of the Lennar Family of Builders and Financial Services remembered that our Company is a part of a great American society, and that each of us, while experiencing the pain of that tragedy, also realized that we could be a part of the healing process. We collectively, and each individually, assumed leadership roles in our industry, our Company, and within ourselves to demonstrate beyond a doubt the meaning of “Caring - the Lennar Way”.
“Caring - the Lennar Way” has meant many different things to us.
Shortly after September 11th Lennar was among the first companies to participate in helping those directly affected by joining with our fellow high production homebuilders and the National Association of Homebuilders in creating “The Homebuilder’s Care Victims’ Relief Fund”, with a contribution of over $1.3 million from the coffers of our Company, and the hearts of our Associates. In addition, this past holiday season we all joined in a program we called “Lennar's Random Acts of Caring”. All of our 60 operating divisions sought out worthy charitable organizations to focus their attentions on and to make a difference. Whether it was a child with cancer being attended to in California, a Toys-for- Tots program in Texas, or working with senior citizens in Florida, our Associates chose to make a difference. This Random Acts of Caring initiative was highlighted by the completion of our 500,000th home in Miami, Florida - a home built together with Habitat for Humanity and Special Olympics and donated to a family with special needs.
We also care for business and our Associates. There was little question that our rate of sales would be impacted. We searched for ways to reduce the costs of constructing our homes, and ways in which we could eliminate non-essential costs of conducting business. We examined our expenditures for land and we reviewed our levels of inventory while seeking to increase our closings. We took all these actions because they were good business decisions. But, we were also driven to fulfill our goal of maximizing employment opportunity for all our Associates while still protecting the very franchise that we and those before us have spent almost 50 years creating. Our goal was that not one job be lost by a Lennar Associate due to the events of September 11th, while carefully protecting the investment of our shareholders. We are proud that both goals have been met.
As we commence 2002, we expect that overall industry starts may be down due to the national economic recession and overall consumer uncertainty. Nevertheless, Lennar is a large public homebuilder with an excellent track record that is committed to growing our Company, as well as earnings for our shareholders. We see a marketplace where supply is

 “There is no question in my mind today that Lennar is a truly special company with a desire to be different and on a mission to place its people and its customers first.”
Guy Spitzer Renaissance and Winncrest Homes, Sacramento
limited relative to demand. Inventories of completed homes are at record lows and the avail- ability of new homes is constrained due to the difficulty of entitling land. America’s used housing stock is aging and new homes are more attractive than ever. On the demand side, interest rates remain low, keeping homes affordable and home ownership rising. Household formations are projected to continue to grow steadily due to immigration. And, the national economy is projected to improve as consumer confidence strengthens. With 128,000 home- sites owned or under our control at year end, and the highest level of capital liquidity in our history, we are positioned to continue the growth of our Company.
In conclusion, I am most pleased with the balanced approach to managing our Company that continues to drive Lennar. It permeates our Company, focus and culture. Lennar continues to excel within our industry and within the business world as a leader by all financial metrics. At the same time, we have been and remain passionate about caring for our families, communities, and country.
2001 has given all of us cause to reflect. We are all much more focused on family... much more focused on giving back to our communities... much more focused on making each minute of our lives count. We at the Lennar Family of Builders and Financial Services are no strangers to this way of thinking - for this way of thinking has been at the very heart of Lennar for almost five decades. That is why it is with pride, commitment and a sense of responsibility that we operate under the banner: “America Calls Us Home®.”
Sincerely,
Stuart Miller
President and Chief Executive Officer, Lennar Corporation
Dear Shareholders:
This past year has been rewarding for all of us in the way of fiscal achievements and growth for our Company. Fiscal year 2001’s performance, however, should not be measured only in terms of revenues and profits, but in terms of the continued strengthening of all facets of our Company’s operations.
This past year, we completed the integration of the two very unique operating systems and cultures of Lennar Homes and U.S. Home. The result was the creation of a single and very formidable force motivated by one common culture, common language and common goals. At the forefront of this integration was the conversion of all U.S. Home divisions to Lennar’s management information systems, which now allows us to measure performance

 and establish goals under a unified system that can be communicated and monitored in a manner understood by all.
Another essential ingredient of our successful integration was the adoption of a uniform system of compensation pursuant to which our Corporate Officers, Regional Presidents and more than 60 Division Presidents clearly understand the basis under which they are measured, as well as the fact that they are all being measured by the same criteria - return on net assets and levels of profitability.
With the combined purchasing power of Lennar and U.S. Home, we have been able to strengthen our national Net Plus Purchasing Program which added more than $18 million to our bottom line. Through closely measuring and monitoring the participation of each profit center’s involvement in this program, we will continue to enhance the benefits of the program while pursuing additional opportunities.
We launched a new Lennar Family of Builders and Financial Services website which improved our communication with our customers, our Associates and our shareholders. While the different name brands which comprise the Lennar Family of Builders and Financial Services offer different products and different marketing platforms in our more than 500 communities and 44 markets across the country, we are now communicating a consistent message that we are uniform in our commitment to deliver quality homes, taking the actions necessary to enhance shareholder value and being a leader in our industry. We are furthering our focus in this area with the creation of a National Internet Center that is committed to establishing strong online relationships with our Internet cus- tomers and providing them the assistance they need to find a home with our Lennar Family of Builders.
We have paved the road for an ever-increasing return on net assets and market capture rate through the expansion of our dual marketing programs of Everything's IncludedSM and Design StudioSM with 90 dual marketing communities open at year end and with the commencement of Lennar Homes operations in Denver, Colorado and Tucson, Arizona and U.S. Home operations in Palm Beach, Florida.
We have continued our leadership role in the development of communities for the active adult and intergenera- tional buyer with our 50 active communities across the country, which include the recent grand openings of Heritage Harbor, an active adult, intergenerational and golf course community in Florida, Greenbriar Oceanaire, an active adult and golf course community in New Jersey, and Bella Vita, an intergenerational community in Houston, Texas. In addition, the National Council of Seniors Housing recognized Lennar in 2001 by awarding Heritage Hunt in Washington, D.C. and Heritage Palms in Palms Springs both with gold medals and Heritage Highlands in Tucson with a silver medal for excellence in seniors’ housing.
We have broadened our price point offerings and market share with our wide variety of name brand offerings which now range from NuHome in Texas with homes starting under $100,000 to Greystone Homes in California with ocean view homes priced at over $1 million.
We have strengthened our geographic positioning across the country with our entry into several new markets with the acquisition of Patriot Homes in Baltimore and Don Galloway Homes and Sunstar Communities in the Carolinas.
We finalized the combination of Universal American Mortgage Company with U.S. Home Mortgage. In 2001 our mortgage operations originated over $5 billion in home loans. We also integrated our title operations under the common umbrella of North American Title Company, which completed 173,000 title transactions in 2001. Both

 “Lennar has brought a fresh spirit, a culture, which has reinvigorated our team. We focus on more than making our customers happy, we WOW them.”
Ariff Cassim U.S. Home, Washington, D.C
mortgage and title operations are part of our Lennar Financial Services, which generated 2001 operating profits of almost $90 million.
We adopted the U.S. Home management development, leadership training and sales training programs nationwide allowing our Associates to participate in interdisciplinary learning programs conducted by the senior management within our Company. We under- stand that our growth is limited not by dollars but by people, and that each Associate at Lennar is both a student and a teacher.
And, perhaps the most significant of all, we continued our focus on caring for our communities. In our Random Acts of Caring this past holiday season, no singular event or series of common events more defined who we are and what we stand for than the involvement of our Company and our Associates in helping those less fortunate in each of our communities throughout America. In the tradition of our Chairman, Leonard Miller, we reaffirmed our belief that to create a great Company, one needs to do more than merely make money.
Our task for the coming year will be to remember the lessons we learned while realizing that our results are now history and that once again, we will be measured by what we do tomorrow rather than what we did yesterday. In undertaking this task, we must deal with the realities created by a weakened economy, lower consumer confidence stemming in part from the events of September 11th and a softening in the market for higher priced homes resulting from last year's decline in the stock market and continued layoffs in corporate America. We are confident that with the activities described above, we have created a Company capable of and committed to reaching our corporate goals.
Sincerely,
Bob Strudler
Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer, Lennar Corporation
Dear Shareholders:
In fiscal year 2001, Lennar Corporation stepped to the forefront of homebuilders in terms of industry leading financial performance. More impressive than the 2001 record per- formance is the history of consistent performance by Lennar over the past five years.
In 2001, our numbers resounded a record-breaking year with $6 billion in revenues. This represented a compounded annual growth rate of 37% since 1997.

 Our EBIT of $799 million in 2001 substantially increased from $474 million the previous year - and represented a compounded annual growth rate of 49% since 1997.
Net earnings nearly doubled in 2001 from 2000 with $418 million earned - and reflected a compounded annual growth rate of 53% since 1997.
Earnings per share reached $6.01 resulting in a book value per share of $25.92 and shareholders’ equity of $1.7 billion.
Even more impressive was our balance sheet. By far the strongest in the industry, our bal- ance sheet reflected an almost 20% return on net capital which greatly exceeded our 10% cost of capital; a $1 billion credit facility paid down to zero; and $824 million in cash at year end.
Record-breaking return on beginning equity of 34% is a significant improvement from the 22% achieved in 1997.
Net debt to total capital ratio of 29% is a testament to our historical ability to pursue opportunities while remaining dedicated to maintaining a low net debt to capital ratio.
Lennar's strong balance sheet has positioned us for strong growth and has minimized our downside risk. We view cycles as our ally, not an adversary, since weaker economic times present buying opportunities and our strong balance sheet positions us to seize opportunities when they exist. With our strong cash position of $824 million at the end of the year, we are in a position to pursue additional opportunities. Finally, our strong balance sheet allows Lennar to do well in good times and capitalize on market inefficiencies in slower times. Lennar is positioned to continue as a leader and an industry consolidator.
Assuming stable economic conditions, we believe that we can continue to grow earnings and EPS. Our land positions are in place for continued record performance. Our recent acquisitions in Baltimore and the Carolinas will add closings and bottom line performance in 2002. And finally, continued focus on systems and process will add costs savings to our bottom line.
Sincerely,
Bruce Gross
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Lennar Corporation
“Our culture has taught me that ‘fun is good’ and by choosing my own attitude each day, I can accomplish incredible things.”
Jerhett Obenchain Greystone Homes, Bay Area
