  Letter to our Shareholders
Stuart A. Miller
President and Chief Executive Officer Lennar Corporation
  Dear Shareholders,
The year 2006 was a very difficult one for homebuilders. The homebuilding market corrected after numerous consecutive years of expansion and some years of speculative excess. As the year unfolded, the market contracted at a far more dramatic pace than expected, and it became clear that the downturn would not be short-lived. We emerged from 2006 very well positioned for opportunities ahead, and thus I would like to personally thank the thousands of Lennar Associates for their tireless dedication and focus that guided us to this position.
As we began 2006 with market conditions weakening, we mapped out an operating strategy that was clear and concise. We focused on our balance sheet first and foremost by lowering inventory levels and writing down our asset base to appropriate valuation, and secondarily, we focused on cost reductions as our business contracted. We communicated our strategy to our Associates, we executed our strategy with an intense daily focus and we held our management teams accountable for results. As a result, we ended 2006 in an enviable financial position and very well prepared for new opportunities in 2007 and beyond.
At the foundation of our strategy were the fundamental principles of Liquidity, Simplicity and Process.
• Liquidity achieved through a “Balance Sheet First” approach of generating cash by delivering our backlog of homes under construction and by selling homes on our finished homesites, thus lowering inventory levels.
• Simplicity achieved by value engineering our product, including the most desired features as standard, and reducing the number of S.K.U.s nationwide.
• Process driven by our annual business plan, quarterly reviews and recalibration and, most importantly, a formal daily management focus on sales, starts, deliveries and inventory.
As the year progressed and the market continued to weaken, we maintained an intense daily focus on our business, adhered to our strategy and executed our plan. The results were as follows:
• Revenues of $16.3 billion – up 17%
• EPS of $3.69 – includes write-offs of option deposits and pre-acquisition costs of $152.2 million and
valuation adjustments of $476.0 million
• Homebuilding operating earnings of $986.2 million – includes the write-offs and valuation
adjustments noted above
• Homebuilding debt to total capital of 31.4%
and cash of $662 million
• Deliveries of 49,568 homes – up 17%
So, where do we go from here?
As we look ahead to 2007, we do not yet see tangible evidence of a market recovery on the horizon. As a business strategy, we will continue to focus on Liquidity, Simplicity and Process as we solve to what we perceive to be sluggish market conditions.
We have highlighted repeatedly that Lennar’s strategic plan is based on a logical and carefully crafted focus on our balance sheet first. We will continue to focus on our balance sheet and to enhance liquidity.
It is our overriding belief that liquidity will enable us to maintain market share as we build what we sell in each of our primary markets, while positioning our Company for the long-term strategic opportunities that inevitably present themselves in market downturns. Historically, Lennar has always used “the cycle as an ally, not an adversary,” and we have seized upon market inefficiencies to provide strategic growth along with excellent product, price and geographic diversity in the most proven markets in the country. We expect to use our strong balance sheet as a springboard to the next strategic growth opportunities that may arise in the market.

 With a strong balance sheet as a starting point, we will also focus on improving margin and profitability as we rebuild in 2007. With much of our backlog delivered in 2006, we will taper back production while we focus on improving efficiency and effectiveness in our operations. At the heart of this strategic focus, we will adhere to Lennar’s fundamental principle of keeping operations simple.
Simplicity means basic blocking and tackling first. We will focus on managing our construction costs by improving efficiencies and buying power, using the market pull-back to renegotiate costs that have escalated as the market expanded. We will continue to focus on reducing SG&A expenses by rightsizing our business. We will focus on improving salesmanship by rediscovering the “art of selling” that was lost to the “order-taking” habits of better market conditions. And, we will focus on asset management by renegotiating land deals to today’s market prices and ensuring that our asset base is properly stated.
Simplicity also means continued adherence to the logical product strategy that has defined Lennar’s marketing position. Through research, we identify the most requested high quality features that our Customers desire, and then we simply include them. By including these items as standard, we are able to eliminate choices and changes, and therefore simplify the purchasing process, the building process and the home buying process.
Our pursuit of simplification carries through to the fine-tuning of our overall product offering, the value engineering of our floor plans and a significant reduction in the overall number of S.K.U.s that we utilize nationwide. This focus on simplification will
allow us to more effectively leverage our size, enhance our buying power through our regional and national purchasing programs and provide a better value to our Customers. We will continue to simplify our product offering throughout 2007.
Driving our focus on a liquid balance sheet and simplified operations will be the ever-present engine of the Lennar Process. As we begin 2007, we have never been more connected to the day-to-day management of our Company. We are managing both land and homebuilding operations through a comprehensive and consistent process of our annual business plan, quarterly operational reviews and daily meetings. The annual and quarterly plans and reviews provide strategy while the daily meetings at the divisional and executive levels drive execution. These key review and management processes provide us the necessary information and insight to adjust and recalibrate our operations and budgets as market conditions dictate.
As we look ahead to market recovery and expansion in the future, we leverage the foundation built in 2006 by executing on our strategy focused on Liquidity, Simplicity and Process as we move forward into 2007.
Sincerely,
Stuart A. Miller
President and Chief Executive Officer Lennar Corporation
        