 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
As we complete our first 50 years, I cannot help but reflect back on the accomplishments of our Company, a journey that began with the delivery of less than 100 homes in 1954. Since that humble beginning here in Miami, we have created shareholders’ equity of over $4 billion, a market capitalization of approximately $9 billion, and built homes and communities for approximately 600,000 families across America. Perhaps the one thing I am most pleased to reflect on is that we have relentlessly and consistently grown our Company year after year with the core concepts of Quality, Value and Integrity as our guiding force.
As I look back over this last year, I do so with a great deal of respect and appreciation for the nearly 12,000 homebuilding, land development, and financial services Associates who have contributed to our record financial performance. In 2004, Lennar achieved revenues of $10.5 billion, net earnings of $945.6 million and earnings per share of $5.70. Our product and geographic diversity have grown as well. Today we build homes for all ages, from first-time buyers to retirees, in 16 states across our country.
Our sense of responsibility has grown ever stronger through the years as well. The responsibilities we have to our Community, to our Shareholders, to our Homeowners and to our Associates speaks to who Lennar is – a Company that does the right thing, for the right reason, taking care of the people who need us the most. You will note that this year our Annual Report is in a simpler format than in past years. This letter and our Form 10-K make up its total content. However, we also invite you to review the accompanying “Corporate Responsibility Report,” which is our report to you on the progress we have made, and the goals we yet wish to achieve, in the ever-important subject of Corporate Responsibility. We address our beliefs of our responsibilities to our Community, Shareholders, Homeowners, Associates, and Environment through this report. We hope you find it informative, and that it reassures you that our Company continues to do the right thing, for the right reason.
As we look ahead to 2005 and beyond, our strategy remains simple and consistent. We remain a “balance sheet first” focused Company and, accordingly, will continue to execute our business plan with conservative leverage and substantial liquidity. We will continue to fortify our already strong market positions with a balanced growth plan of organic expansion and strategic acquisitions. We will continue to look for new geographic expansions to grow the footprint of our Company across the country. We will also continue to augment and refine our Dual Marketing strategy of Everything’s Included® and Design StudioSM programs in each market to improve land absorption. We call this business model the Lennar Process and this process has kept us on a carefully managed course of growth and dependability for decades.
Additionally, as we move into fiscal 2005, we will continue to build upon the strength of our corporate foundation through Quality, Value and Integrity. With $1.3 billion in cash and a debt to total capital ratio of 33.3%, we are poised to continue our position of strength in the industry. Our balance sheet remains strong, and our leverage remains at a very low level. All together these factors position our Company to capitalize on market inefficiencies and opportunities as they arise, and to withstand possible adverse market conditions should they present themselves.
In closing, I would like to thank all of our Shareholders, Associates and Business Partners for their contributions to another outstanding year for Lennar. We look forward to building upon the success of this past year together, as we grow forward in 2005.
Sincerely,
Stuart A. Miller
President and Chief Executive Officer Lennar Corporation
  