Fast. Accurate. Convenient.
Our goal is to deliver for Ann's doctor. Practicing medicine in today's health care environment is a challenging and pressure-packed endeavor. Physicians not only need our tests to help solve complex health problems, but also need our organization to provide simple and solid customer service. Indeed, their choice for a laboratory partner is based most often on service quality. This is why increasing customer satisfaction and retention is one of our most important strategies. Specimen tracking, results reporting and customer connectivity are ongoing areas of improvement. We also have set a "one call does it all" goal for customer service. Through the consolidation of our call centers, we are enhancing the quality performance of customer care representatives and empowering them with the tools needed to answer as many questions as possible so that customers receive the maximum amount of information in a minimum amount of time. As we realize these goals, we are not only providing the results that our customers truly want, but also strengthening relationships that can improve revenue growth potential.

9

ANN IS IMPORTANT TO LABCORP and so are the millions of other individual lives that we touch each year as a leader in the clinical laboratory field. Their needs drive our strategy.

10

Thomas P. Mac Mahon
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS
LabCorp continues to thrive, grow and prosper for one reason ­ helping to improve the health of the patients we serve comes first. From determining where best to direct our next test development efforts to finding more efficient and innovative ways to provide physicians with essential lab information and services, the foundation of our corporate strategy starts with addressing the health care needs of thousands of individuals each day. Our disciplined adherence to this strategy for nearly a decade has driven and will continue to drive the success of LabCorp as a trusted laboratory partner for our customers and as a solid investment vehicle for our shareholders. The Company's operational and financial success in 2005 underscores this fact. ESOTERIC TESTING FOCUS DRIVES FINANCIAL SUCCESS
Last year, our strong financial performance was driven in large part by our continued focus on growing our share in anatomic pathology and other strategically important esoteric testing categories. At the end of 2005, approximately 35 percent of our revenues were in the genomic, esoteric, and anatomic pathology testing categories. By comparison, just three years ago ­ at the end of 2002 ­ only 27 percent of our revenue was derived from these testing categories. For the year, revenues grew to $3,327.6 million, an increase of 7.9 percent over the previous year, attributable to a 6.8 percent growth in pricing and a 1.1 percent increase in volume. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) represented 25.4 percent of sales ­ a margin that continues to make us the leader in the industry. Earnings per diluted share increased 14.3 percent to $2.80, excluding the impact of restructuring and other special charges and a non-recurring investment loss, compared to $2.45 in 2004. A hallmark of our business model is the ability to generate substantial operating cash flow ­ $574.2 million in 2005. When we have cash we do not need for acquisitions or other growth investments, one of our priorities is to return value to our shareholders by repurchasing shares under our Board-approved share repurchase programs. During 2005, we repurchased $589 million of stock, representing 11.8 million shares. This repurchase activity was achieved through a combination of $339 million in cash and $250 million in financing through a Senior Note issuance. The issuance of the Senior Notes allowed us to complete a significant share repurchase swiftly, while maintaining our investment grade credit rating and a solid balance sheet.

ACQUISITIONS
We were pleased to be able not only to complete major share repurchases in 2005, but also to invest significantly in opportunities that will help sustain longterm growth and profitability. Given attractive industry fundamentals and growth prospects, reinvestment in the business remains our top priority. We capitalized on numerous opportunities to do so during the year. These included the acquisitions of US LABS and Esoterix which, combined, represented a $305 million investment. Esoterix helps us build upon our scientific leadership with its menu of specialized tests and highly regarded brands. As a leader in anatomic pathology and oncology testing, US LABS also further strengthened our growing position in cancer diagnostics. 11

CANCER TESTING
Our focus on pathology and oncology testing is well placed given the widespread incidence of cancer. Over one million Americans are diagnosed each year. Men have a nearly 50 percent lifetime risk of developing cancer, while one in three women have a likelihood of doing so. Clinical testing is a vital part of the prevention, early detection, treatment and monitoring of cancer. Effective tests save lives and improve outcomes. It is hard to find a better example of this than in the fight against cervical cancer. Pap screening technology has lowered the rate of cervical cancer dramatically over the years. The introduction of the Cytec ThinPrep Imaging System has further advanced this technology through quicker and more consistent analysis. As the first national lab to offer image guided Pap testing services, we have seen demand increase dramatically over the past year, rising from near zero at year-end 2004 to an annualized rate of 2.3 million tests at the end of 2005. This significant adoption rate clearly indicates that, when given the choice, physicians recognize the benefits to their patients of this Pap screening technology advancement. We are pleased with the adoption of this testing service and view this as a key growth driver for LabCorp in 2006. It is well documented that human papillomavirus, or HPV, is the cause of almost all cases of cervical cancer. HPV testing is another area of significant growth for LabCorp as physicians begin to incorporate it into their treatment regimens. HPV testing is recommended by the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology (ACOG) as a cervical cancer screening test for women over 12

30 years of age. Though adoption rates have been slow, orders for reflex and primary screening for HPV jumped 77 percent in the fourth quarter of 2005 versus the fourth quarter of 2004. As more physicians become aware of this testing as a primary screening tool and its importance in the early detection of cervical cancer, we expect adoption of HPV testing to continue to accelerate.

interactions. In conjunction with the P450 tests, we also are offering the Signature Genetics' TM drug response interpretation service through a license agreement with Seryx, LLC. Through an easy to interpret report, this reporting service helps physicians make appropriate dosing and treatment decisions. Whether new assays come from acquisition, license or internal development, all are consistent with our continuing focus on the identification and commercialization of advanced testing technologies. In appropriate cases, we will invest in technologies in advance and wait for their adoption as they become standard of care. These new tests have made LabCorp the clear leader in anatomic pathology and esoteric testing, helped us deliver higher margins, and continue to provide us with an important competitive differentiator in the marketplace.

TESTING ADVANCES
Beyond the oncology arena, there are a number of other new testing opportunities that we look forward to developing in the coming year. In conjunction with our National Genetics Institute, we have developed an enhanced HIV screening assay that can help identify newly infected HIV patients up to six weeks sooner than the standard HIV screening antibody. Through the use of a proprietary pooling approach, this new test also can be performed very efficiently on a large scale, creating potential cost savings for our customers. ViroMed, another LabCorp subsidiary, also has introduced a molecular test that provides rapid diagnosis for the typing of influenza A strains, including the avian flu H5N1, that will be beneficial in the surveillance and monitoring of influenza activity. LabCorp has recently made available P450 genotyping and phenotyping assays using the Roche Diagnostics AmpliChipTM. Variants in the P450 genes, which metabolize up to 45 percent of all prescription drugs, can cause individuals to metabolize medications differently and cause serious side effects. This pharmacogenetic test can assist physicians in better prescribing medications, improving effectiveness, saving costs and avoiding potential serious drug

MANAGED CARE
This differentiation is especially valuable as we continue our strategy of strengthening relationships with our managed care partners. We made significant progress during 2005, increasing revenues from managed care by 7.3 percent. Part of this growth is due to our relationship with WellPoint, which has continued to expand. During 2005, we became the exclusive national laboratory provider for WellPoint's PPO fee-for-service plans in Georgia and for their HMO and PPO fee-for-service plans in Nevada. Additionally, we have been awarded the exclusive national provider contract for WellPoint's PPO and HMO in Colorado effective March 1, 2006. We continue to build relationships with UnitedHealthcare, Aetna and Cigna as well.

Gains in operational efficiencies combined with our focus on capitalizing on new testing capabilities create a formula for continued growth and profitability in the years to come.

Successful partnerships with managed care companies are defined by our ability to help our managed care partners control their costs, while also improving patient care. LabCorp's leadership in commercializing innovative new testing, combined with our nationwide service and sophisticated information systems capabilities make us an ideal partner for leading managed care organizations. As we move forward in the managed care arena, we will work with our partners to help them reduce their "leakage" payments to non-contracted providers, which is a major cost reduction opportunity for managed care companies. We will also provide them with what we believe is the industry's most in-depth menu of unique, value-added scientific capabilities, anatomic pathology services and wellness testing capabilities. Finally, our ability to establish unique connectivity between the lab and the managed care customer, as well as tools to aggregate and analyze the vast amount of laboratory results data to discover new

insights about their population, further differentiates LabCorp as the provider of choice for these critical customers.

valuable information to patients, and allow their physicians to make informed treatment decisions. Every day, 24,000 LabCorp employees dedicate themselves to this task. Without this dedication, LabCorp's success would not have been possible. It is very gratifying to report LabCorp's ongoing success to you. With compelling industry fundamentals, a sound business model, a strong competitive position and a proven ability to capitalize on market potential, I am confident that LabCorp has more success ahead and more opportunity to reward our shareholders. Thank you for your support.

LOOKING AHEAD
With another successful year behind us, we are energized by the prospects before us in 2006. A major effort will be the elimination of redundant costs as US LABS and Esoterix take their place as part of the LabCorp system. Over the years, we have proven our ability to rapidly integrate new acquisitions and gain maximum efficiencies from the combined organizations. We expect these efforts will result in annual cost reductions of approximately $30 million by mid 2007. Gains in operational efficiencies combined with our focus on capitalizing on new testing capabilities create a formula for continued growth and profitability in the years to come. LabCorp's services make a difference in the lives of our patients. Results of testing performed by LabCorp provide

Thomas P. Mac Mahon
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April, 2006

*For Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures, see page 59.

13

