delivered a solid TO OUR LabCorp financial performance in 2012 SHAREHOLDERS ­ a notable achievement in the face of persistent economic headwinds and a health care landscape undergoing fundamental transformation. Compared to the prior year, we grew revenue 2.3 percent to $5.7 billion and Adjusted Earnings Per Share Excluding Amortization 7 .1 percent to $6.82. We extended our long record of generating strong Operating and Free Cash Flow, which we invested in our businesses and returned to shareholders through share repurchase.1 Moreover, through rigorous expense management, we reduced our Selling, General and Administrative Expenses as a percentage of revenue by 1.2 percentage points in 2012. Finally, we enhanced our strong balance sheet by refinancing $1.0 billion of debt at historically low interest rates. As we achieved these impressive financial results, we also made significant strides in our information technology (IT) and scientific capabilities, and completed a number of efficiency projects to streamline our operations. In short, we are pleased with another year of strong execution of our five-pillar strategy. The achievements of 2012 are particularly important because they lay the groundwork for LabCorp's role in the implementation of health care reform. We often note that laboratory testing represents approximately 3 percent of total U.S. health care expenditures but influences up to 80 percent of decisions made by physicians. Our mission in 2013 and the years ahead is to continue to provide the highest-quality, most efficient services in the clinical laboratory industry. Yet, we must recognize that these capabilities alone may not guarantee success in the new order, so we will build on our foundational strengths to become a trusted knowledge partner for our customers. To that end, we are developing and implementing a suite of data-driven knowledge services that optimize decision-making, improve health outcomes and reduce treatment costs. The LabCorp we are building for the future will go beyond collecting specimens, conducting tests and reporting results. We will offer a robust set of analytical and decision support tools that will provide context and insight, delivering value to all stakeholders ­ physicians, patients and payers. Our vision is that LabCorp will be a leader in tomorrow's health care paradigm ­ one that puts an increased emphasis on prevention, early detection, effective monitoring and treatment and pay-for-performance metrics to deliver high-quality care and better patient outcomes at lower cost. Disciplined Execution of the Five-Pillar Strategy We are pleased to report that LabCorp made meaningful progress on each pillar of our strategy in 2012.
1 Adjusted Earnings Per Share Excluding Amortization is calculated by excluding the effects of the impact of restructuring and other special charges and amortization expense from GAAP diluted earnings per share. Free cash flow represents cash flows from operations less capital expenditures. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, please refer to slides 7-9 of the Company's 8K filed on February 8, 2013.

Dave King Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

We will build on our foundational strengths to become a trusted knowledge partner for our customers. To that end, we are developing and implementing a suite of data-driven knowledge services that optimize decision-making, improve health outcomes and reduce treatment costs.
Our first strategic pillar is to deploy capital to investments that enhance our business and return capital to shareholders. The 2012 acquisition of MEDTOX Scientific adds to our record of successful acquisitions and integrations. MEDTOX is a premier forensic and clinical laboratory with a diverse test menu and industry-leading expertise in toxicology testing. Its acquisition provides LabCorp with an excellent platform for meaningful growth in specialized toxicology testing. During 2012, we also made significant progress on our integrations of Genzyme Genetics,2 Orchid Cellmark and Clearstone Central Laboratories. These recent acquisitions have strengthened our business by enhancing our specialty testing capabilities and expanding our geographic reach. We continued to return value to shareholders through share repurchase during 2012. For the year, we bought back 5.9 million shares of LabCorp stock for $516 million. Since 2003, we have repurchased approximately $4.6 billion worth of stock at an average price of approximately $64 per share.
2 We now provide reproductive genetic testing services under the name Integrated Genetics and oncology genetic testing services under the name Integrated Oncology.

1

LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA

OUR FIVE STRATEGIC PILLARS
PILLAR ONE
Deploy capital to investments that enhance our business and return capital to shareholders

PILLAR TWO
Enhance IT capabilities to improve physician and patient experience

PILLAR THREE
Continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services

PILLAR FOUR
Scientific innovation at appropriate pricing

PILLAR FIVE

Development of alternative delivery models
As we continue to deploy our capital toward acquisitions and share repurchase, we recently announced our goal to reach a target leverage ratio of 2.5 times debt to EBITDA over time. Since 2008, LabCorp has generated approximately $4 billion in operating cash, and our deployment of this capital has been divided almost evenly between acquisitions and share repurchase. In the future, we expect to deploy our free cash flow similarly; and in the absence of sizable acquisition opportunities, we anticipate deploying additional leverage largely toward share repurchase. Our second strategic pillar is to enhance our IT capabilities to improve the physician and patient experience. In 2012, we completed the nationwide rollout of our LabCorp Beacon® platform, an end-to-end lab solution that provides significant value to all health care stakeholders. Beacon's assets and functionalities include physician, patient and payer portals, electronic ordering, enhanced reports, lab analytics that provide trending of patient, test and population data and clinical decision support tools. LabCorp Beacon® is highly flexible and designed to facilitate seamless integration with customer workflow. We have several new population health analytics programs in development (LabCorp Beacon: Analytics) that provide health care business intelligence tools to hospitals, physician practices and accountable care organizations (" ACOs"). These tools help our customers efficiently manage their productivity, quality and patient outcome metrics. Our robust rules engine maintains more than 600 clinical quality measures that are highly customizable and provide full compliance with reporting requirements. Real-time clinical alerts highlight gaps in care for patients and patient populations. In late 2012, we completed our nationwide rollout of LabCorp Beacon: Patient, a tool that enables patients to take control of their health information. Our Patient Portal is a secure and easy-to-use online solution that enables patients to receive and share lab results, make lab appointments, pay bills, set up automatic alerts and notifications and manage health information for the entire family. Our open platform approach to Electronic Medical Record ("EMR") connectivity benefits customers by allowing them to connect seamlessly to LabCorp directly or through the EMR of their choice. We now interface to more than 650 different EMR partners, and we work closely with leading EMR partners to streamline connectivity and enhance lab workflow for our mutual customers. In 2012, we added more than 8,000 new client EMR interfaces, bringing our total EMR interfaces above 30,000. We are also proud that we remain the only national laboratory that has standardized its instrumentation, billing system and information system. Our relentless focus on integration of acquisitions and standardization of systems will continue to benefit LabCorp and our customers in the years ahead. Our third strategic pillar is to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. We constantly seek to improve productivity and lower cost in every aspect of our business, which is why we have increased per-employee throughput more than 40 percent in our core laboratories since 2008. We have also improved our call center operations, improving response time while reducing the number of facilities by more than 65 percent. These critical enhancements to our business have not diminished our commitment to service; indeed, our service metrics, customer satisfaction ratings and turnaround times consistently exceed expectations. Our key 2012 efficiency initiative was the deployment of Propel robotic technology in our Powell Center for Esoteric Testing in Burlington, North Carolina. Over time, we expect

2

LabCorp Capabilities Meet Every Requirement of New Care Models
tw&OEUP&OEw5PUBM-BC4PMVUJPO1BSUOFSTIJQ t1PQVMBUJPOIFBMUINBOBHFNFOUUPPMT t$MJOJDBMEFDJTJPOTVQQPSUQSPHSBNT t&YQBOEFEQBUJFOUDPVOTFMJOH1$.)
 t*OUFHSBUJWFDMJOJDBMSFQPSUT t1BUJFOUDFOUSJDEBUBTPMVUJPOT t*5DBQBCJMJUJFTTVQQPSU-*4QPSUBMNPCJMF
 t$PNQMFNFOUBSZ"1TFSWJDFT t4DJFOUJmDFYQFSUJTF t2VBMJUZTUBOEBSEJ[BUJPO t0QFSBUJOHFYQFOTFTBWJOHT t*OGSBTUSVDUVSF t&DPOPNJFTPGTDBMF t"DDFTTUPDBQJUBM

Better Outcomes Higher Quality

Lower Costs

Core Competencies

this technology to replace manual splitting and sorting throughout our major laboratories, enhancing efficiency and reducing turnaround times. Propel complements our LabCorp TOUCHTM accessioning, which provides leadingedge automation at our patient service centers and allows us to reduce the amount of accessioning performed in our core laboratories. We continue to expand our Powell Center for Esoteric Testing, using LEAN principles to conduct testing more efficiently and consolidate satellite locations. We also use LEAN strategies to create process improvements in our billing and collection operations, which helped us to lower our bad debt rate to 4.3 percent at the end of 2012, an improvement of 30 basis points over last year, and to maintain our accounts receivable days sales outstanding at 46 days, unchanged year over year. Our fourth strategic pillar is to continue scientific innovation at reasonable and appropriate pricing. Introduction of new tests remains an important growth driver for LabCorp, and we continue to collaborate with leading companies and academic institutions to provide physicians and patients with the most scientifically advanced testing in our industry. During 2012, we introduced 123 new tests and strengthened our capabilities across several testing disciplines.

We also undertook the following key scientific initiatives in 2012: · We launched our Cardiovascular Disease Risk Assessment Program to assist physicians in screening and risk assessment, diagnosis and confirmation and the management of cardiovascular disorders. This program, available through our Beacon® platform and our customer's EMR, uses innovative result displays, analytics and trending as well as Cardiovascular Disease Risk Assessment decision support for individualized lipid assessment and patient counseling. · We enhanced our Women's Health initiatives by introducing a series of tests derived from a single collection swab, making collection of samples convenient for physicians and patients. Our NuSwabSM tests offer clinically validated profiles for targeted clinical conditions, and they are configured to provide high-quality results to guide diagnosis and treatment and reduce cost. · We announced our collaborative relationship with Ariosa Diagnostics, through which we offer an innovative noninvasive test for detection of common fetal trisomies, such as Trisomy 21 (associated with Down syndrome), using DNA in maternal blood. The test is performed by Ariosa using a simple maternal blood draw and provides a safe, highly accurate test for common fetal trisomies in highrisk pregnancies.

3

LABORATORY CORPORATION OF AMERICA

CLEAR MISSION A Trusted Knowledge Partner

ACQUISITIONS

BEACONLBS

IT CAPABILITIES

A Trusted Partner to Health Care Stakeholders, Providing Knowledge to Optimize Decision Making, Improve Health Outcomes and Reduce Treatment Costs

LITHOLINK/CDS

INTERPRETATION EDUCATIONAL TOOLS

SCIENCE

OTHER INPUTS

· The rapid evolution of next-generation sequencing technology provides new opportunities to offer cost-effective, innovative molecular diagnostic testing. We recently launched the GenSeq®: Cardio test, which uses nextgeneration sequencing technology to identify more than 90 genetic causes of familial cardiac disease. We believe that GeneSeq Cardio will be a useful prognostic tool to identify positive family history and symptoms of several cardiac conditions as well as early-onset coronary artery disease. These assays will help establish and confirm the diagnosis of familial cardiac disease and identify the need for regular cardiac screening, lifestyle changes or intervention to prevent progression of cardiac complications. Our fifth strategic pillar is to develop alternative delivery models. Dramatic and fundamental changes are taking place in our industry. We see health care moving toward large health systems, integrated delivery networks, ACOs, patientcentered medical homes and mega-physician practices. We also see managed care companies organizing ACOs and acquiring physician practices. Our capabilities provide an end-to-end lab solution for these customers, meeting the requirements of new care models with population health management tools, decision support programs, patient counseling, integrated clinical reports and patientcentric data solutions. These offerings are focused around IT, but it is the completeness of our solution for lab needs that differentiates LabCorp ­ and builds trusted knowledge partnerships with our customers.
4

Our BeaconLBSSM platform is a point-of-care decision support service that interfaces with test ordering systems to assist physicians in lab and test selection. Physicians, patients and payers will benefit from this innovation, which will improve quality and more effectively manage costs without disrupting physician workflow. Our rules engine interfaces with payer policies for ordering, utilization, adjudication and payment. In time we will integrate BeaconLBSSM with our decision support tools delivered at the point of results, providing physicians with comprehensive tools to support their delivery of effective, efficient care. Strong Capabilities, Sound Strategy, Clear Vision Transformational change is under way in U.S. health care. We enthusiastically embrace the opportunity to broaden our contributions and add value to partnerships with stakeholders. LabCorp has the right strategy, the right capabilities and the right vision to prosper in this dynamic environment. Our continued success will be built by the efforts of our 34,000 employees, each of whom is dedicated to the customers we are proud to serve. I am grateful to our employees and our shareholders for their continued support. Very truly yours,

Dave King Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

