Labcorp shareholders' letter

Dear Shareholders: 2006 was another year of strong, profitable growth for LabCorp, continuing our record of increasing revenues and profits and substantially enhancing shareholder value. The year's accomplishments underscore the defining characteristics of LabCorp ­ setting ambitious goals and consistently attaining them.  More than a decade ago, we recognized that organic industry trends would make

........... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

This agreement, which extends for a period of ten years, is expected to result in incremental revenue of at least $3 billion from UnitedHealthcare and associated businesses, at EBITDA margins at least equal to our current, industry-leading levels.

10 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings 2006
®

............................ . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
in the health care marketplace. Because of the large patient populations these organizations bring to physician offices, expanding our relationships with managed care partners growth. With that in mind, we set our sights on becoming the laboratory of choice for managed care companies.  We took an important step towards that goal, and achieved a highly significant milestone in the evolution of LabCorp in October. We concluded an historic, 10-year agreement with UnitedHealthcare that designates LabCorp as its exclusive national laboratory, offering a comprehensive suite of services to their members across the country. Ramping up our infrastructure to take on significantly increased testing volumes was a formidable and challenging task. But extraordinary results, and, by year's end,

............................... .........

we opened more than 400 new patient access points and hired 1,200 new team members to ensure the highest level of service for our patients and physicians as we bring UnitedHealthcare on board.  This agreement is expected to result in incremental revenue of at least $3 billion from UnitedHealthcare and associated businesses, at EBITDA margins at least equal to our current, industry-leading levels. This is truly a landmark contract. In fact, we believe there is no other relationship in the lab industry of such scope, scale, or timeframe.  The UnitedHealthcare agreement, while clearly the largest, is but one of a series of expanded relationships that we have secured in recent years with managed care providers such as WellPoint, Cigna and Humana. LabCorp has emerged as the laboratory of choice for managed care companies as a result of three core strengths: Quality LabCorp's commitment to quality is deeply ingrained in the way we do business every day. It begins with a focus on scientific excellence, and an extensive record of developing and bringing to market highly advanced esoteric and genomic assays that have helped revolutionize disease diagnosis and patient care.

managed care providers increasingly important

affords the best opportunity to drive sustained

intense effort by LabCorp personnel produced

........... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

 Whether the test is highly sophisticated

accelerated our preeminent positions through acquisitions of cutting-edge labs such as Institute, US LABS, and Esoterix and through important partnerships such as those with BioPredictive and ARCA Discovery, among others. In 2006 LabCorp continued its longstanding tradition of scientific leadership with the introduction of more than 40 significant test menu and automation enhancements.  We place an intense focus on leading in areas where diagnostic assays provide actionable information to meet unfulfilled clinical needs. For example, last year we introduced six new companion diagnostic tests, providing clinicians with innovative ways to avoid adverse drug reactions in their patients. These tests are especially important for those taking the blood thinner Wafarin, patients being treated for colorectal cancer and children with leukemia. In 2006 these innovations allowed us to

........... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

requires significant human resources, a large geographic footprint and systems and solutions that facilitate the exchange of test results and patient information wherever needed. Today, LabCorp employs some 6,200 highly trained phlemotomists in over 1,700 patient service centers, connected to a nationwide logistics network of 2,600 couriers who work to ensure on-time pickup, rapid turnaround and timely result reporting.  Consistency and uniformity are also key differentiators for LabCorp. We are the only laboratory of national scope that employs an identical platform of instruments throughout all of its facilities, reporting results in standardized reference ranges through a uniform lab and billing system. This uniformity allows physicians to track lab results over time, giving enormous insight into the progression of disease states and risk factors. Longitudinal data of this kind is also immensely valuable to managed care organizations as they implement decision support tools and evidence-based medicine initiatives.  Accuracy and accelerated result reporting are also strengthened through connectivity with physicians. Today, approximately 70 percent of orders are initiated and 90 percent of results are delivered electronically. Our eLabCorp Web-based test order and result delivery system integrates readily with practice management systems and provides

or routine, quality and service are continually specimen handling and wait times at patient service centers, to the assessment of result

measured at every level of the process ­ from

DIANON Systems, ViroMed, National Genetics

accuracy and precision, to result turnaround concerns. With standardized laboratory equipment and testing methodologies, and a single laboratory information and billing

times and resolution of physician and patient

system, we deliver the highest quality laboratory services, and the most useful data, in the most efficient manner. Innovation The genomic age has profoundly transformed laboratory testing, fueling the development of a broad menu of more sensitive and useful tests that provide physicians with increasingly precise and predictive measurements of the likelihood, existence and progress of disease. At every step in this revolution, LabCorp has been at the forefront of improvements that have benefited physicians, patients and their families.  More than two decades ago, we built the Center for Molecular Biology and Pathology to be a driving force in molecular-based lab services. In the 1990s we introduced molecular oncology and genetic testing, heptatitis C genotyping, advanced HIV analyses and automated polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assays. During the current decade, we have

continue our industry leadership in gene-based and esoteric testing, generating some $1.2 billion in revenue, with a growth rate of more than 10 percent. At year's end, 35 percent of our total revenues were derived from genomic, esoteric and anatomic pathology tests. Convenience Providing best-in-class service that is convenient to patients, providers and managed care partners

Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings 2006 11
®

physicians and their staffs with the functionality they want. Fundamental Drivers of Financial Success Joined together, these three core strengths fueled our strong financial results in 2006. For the year, revenues grew to $3,590.8 million, an increase of 7.9 percent over the previous year, comprised of 4.2 percent increase in price and 3.7 percent gain in volume. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) represented 26.1 percent of net sales ­ a margin that again led the industry. We achieved success in continuing to expand our margins by leveraging our infrastructure, improving automation, reducing our bad debt rate and realizing synergy opportunities. Earnings per diluted share in 2006 increased 17. 9 percent to $3.30, compared to $2.80 in 2005, excluding the impact of restructuring and other special charges recorded in both years. And, our operations generated $632.3 million in operating cash flow, which enabled us to return considerable value to our shareholders by repurchasing $435.1 million of our stock, representing 6.7 million shares. Core Strengths Key to

in the Northeast, improve our ability to strengthen relationships with other managed care providers and afford physicians and patients increased access to medical testing. Our proven ability to partner with managed care organizations to make service delivery more efficient, constrain leakage and reduce their overall lab spending will continue to pay significant dividends and win additional business going forward. We believe this approach helps our customers appropriately manage our segment of health care costs in the U.S.  LabCorp's commitment to scientific leadership and innovation remains central to our organization's success. Recent advances, like the development of a novel assay for patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia and the commercialization of ARCA Discovery's companion diagnostic for the first personalized cardiovascular medicine, bucindolol, promise not only to contribute to growth going forward but also to appreciably improve health and outcomes for thousands of patients.  As we formulate plans to extend LabCorp's successful record of growth, we never lose sight of the significant impact scientific advances, testing accuracy and commitment to quality have on millions of patients and their families. The American Cancer Society recently reported that, after 13 years of

prognostic testing have made essential contributions to achieving this exciting progress, and you may be certain that the work of LabCorp scientists will continue to be at the forefront of improvements in the diagnosis, monitoring and treatment of disease.  At the 2007 Annual Meeting, Andrew G. Wallace, M.D. will conclude his tenure as a member of LabCorp's Board of Directors. During the ten years he has served on the Board, he has provided valuable insight and advice, particularly in the area of science, as LabCorp gained momentum and success. We appreciate all of Andy's contributions and will miss his guidance. It is fitting that we conclude this letter by thanking the 25,000 dedicated LabCorp personnel at every level of our organization who have made our successes possible. We could not have achieved the many accomplishments listed in this letter without their efforts and their "can do" attitude. In 2007 and in the years ahead, we will continue to rely on their talent, skill and commitment to achieve even more for our customers and our shareholders. It is an honor to lead and we thank them, and you, for your support.

Very truly yours,

. . ... . ... . ... . ... . ... . ... . ... . ... . ...

As we look ahead to 2007 and beyond, we are excited about the prospects to continue to grow revenues, earnings and shareholder value. The expanded infrastructure and capabilities we now have in place, especially

. . ... . ... . ... . ... . ... . ... . ... . ... . ...

Sustaining Strong Results

falling cancer death rates, the number of U.S. cancer deaths dropped for the second consecutive year ­ the first time deaths have began compiling national data more than 70 years ago. Advances in diagnostic and

Tom Mac Mahon Chairman of the Board Dave King President and Chief Executive Officer

declined two years in a row since researchers

12 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings 2006
®

Tom Mac Mahon Chairman of the Board

.....................................

Dave King President and Chief Executive Officer

