TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

As I reflect on the operating environment for LabCorp in 2013 and beyond, I might sum up my thoughts by paraphrasing the writer and scientist Isaac Asimov: continuing, inevitable change is the dominant factor in healthcare today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be. The world as it will be in healthcare will involve a relentless drive to improve quality, reduce costs, provide care in the lowest acuity site and reward good outcomes. Through disciplined focus on our mission ­ to be a trusted knowledge partner for our stakeholders ­ we have positioned LabCorp to succeed in this continually changing environment. In fiscal 2013 we made great progress toward fulfilling that mission through execution of our five-pillar strategy.

David P. King,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

1

First Pillar:
Deploy capital to investments that enhance our business and return capital to shareholders. The 2012 acquisition of MEDTOX Scientific was an important addition to our capabilities in toxicology and pain management testing, and in 2013 solid growth in these businesses contributed to strong volume trends for the year. MEDTOX is the latest of several successful acquisition integrations, including Genzyme Genetics1, Clearstone Central Laboratories, Orchid Cellmark and Monogram Biosciences. We remain focused on identifying promising acquisition opportunities and expect that acquisitions will remain an attractive way to expand our test menu and geographic footprint for the next several years. We now do business in more than 40 countries, and we evaluate expansion opportunities with an increasingly global perspective. The acquisition of Orchid Cellmark brought LabCorp a strong presence in forensic testing in the UK, and the addition of Clearstone Central Laboratories extended our footprint in the clinical trials central laboratory market to key Asian geographies ­ China, Japan and Singapore. We will continue to seek international opportunities that require modest capital investment, present attractive growth profiles and allow us to leverage our core competencies.
1

Share repurchase, our vehicle for returning capital to shareholders, increased in fiscal 2013 to approximately $1 billion, representing 10.4 million LabCorp shares. In early 2013, we announced our goal to reach a target leverage ratio of 2.5 times debt-to-EBITDA over time, and our 2013 repurchase activity brought us near this objective. Over the last decade, LabCorp has repurchased nearly 77 million shares of stock at an average price of approximately $71, and we have strategically deployed our free cash flow between acquisitions and share repurchase over this time. We expect to continue to deploy capital in a balanced manner between these two objectives.

Second Pillar:
Enhance IT capabilities to improve physician and patient experience. IT competencies are key to delivering knowledge to our customers, so they remain an important priority for LabCorp. LabCorp Beacon® is an endto-end platform that provides the framework for a number of innovative IT products. For example, LabCorp Beacon®: Analytics helps clients better manage practice and population health data. Supplemented with insights derived from our extensive patient database, LabCorp Beacon: Analytics helps physicians unify the

2

We now provide reproductive genetic testing services under the name Integrated Genetics and oncology genetic testing services under the name Integrated Oncology.

multiple components of population health management, providing primary care physicians complete access to their patients' healthcare pictures, rules for monitoring gaps in care and reporting that addresses more than 600 quality measures. LabCorp Beacon: Analytics is part of the comprehensive LabCorp Beacon platform that helps providers reduce costs, improve outcomes and enhance patient satisfaction.

family members can be tested for the known mutations using the BRCAssure BRCA1 or BRCAssure BRCA2 Targeted Analysis tests. Through this expansion in our test menu, we continue to show our commitment to Women's Health testing and personalized medicine. What we believe differentiates LabCorp's BRCA offering from our competitors' is our comprehensive suite of services to assist doctors and patients in ordering the test, assessing insurance coverage and understanding the results. Our Care Coordination preauthorization service assists patients who request the test in understanding their insurance coverage and financial responsibility. Our 123 board-certified genetic counselors ­ which we believe is the world's largest complement of these highly skilled professionals ­ help doctors and patients analyze, assess and interpret the test results. This is a concrete example of how we are implementing our mission to be a trusted knowledge partner to multiple healthcare stakeholders. In addition to our commitment to Women's Health, we continue to enhance our test menu in other important areas, particularly cancer diagnostics. Our next-generation sequencing (NGS) multi-gene oncology panel, IntelliGEN , provides an assessment of targetable mutations within a panel profile of 50 cancer genes known to be involved in the development, progression and treatment of cancers ­ including lung, colon and liver tumors. With our NGS capabilities, LabCorp continues to lead the industry in developing highly sensitive and cost-effective ways of providing diagnostically significant information.
SM

Third Pillar:
Continue to improve efficiency to offer the most compelling value in laboratory services. To maintain our position as the most efficient provider, we regularly evaluate our processes, platforms, technologies, robotics, LEAN strategies and rationalization programs. The successful deployment of our PropelTM robot at our Powell Center for Esoteric Testing in Burlington, North Carolina, is an example of how we use technology and innovation to improve performance. Propel now splits and sorts most of the testing volume in our Atlantic division, automating specimen processing, increasing throughput and accuracy, and reducing turnaround time. In 2013, we opened a state-of-the art, 147,000-square-foot facility in Phoenix, Arizona, to consolidate a number of our facilities located in the Western United States. We continue to evaluate all opportunities to improve efficiency through disciplined management and control of expenses.

Fourth Pillar:
Scientific innovation at appropriate pricing. We continue to be on the cutting edge of scientific innovation: in 2013 alone, we introduced 152 new tests and enhanced our menu across several testing disciplines. I want to highlight BRCAssure , a suite of tests that identify patients with BRCA mutations who are at increased risk for breast, ovarian and other cancers. The majority of individuals with hereditary breast and ovarian cancer syndrome, as well as a significant percentage of those diagnosed with breast cancers, exhibit mutations of the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes, and LabCorp's BRCA test menu includes a comprehensive panel of BRCA1/2 complete gene sequence analysis and deletion/ duplication testing. Once a mutation is identified,
SM

Fifth Pillar:
Develop knowledge services. As demonstrated above, our mission to be a knowledge partner to all healthcare stakeholders cuts across each pillar of our strategy. Within the fifth pillar specifically, BeaconLBS® addresses a growing need for guidance in ordering tests and optimization of laboratory utilization. A wholly owned LabCorp subsidiary, BeaconLBS brings together the central roles of the laboratory, the healthcare provider and the health plan to deliver high-quality, efficient and affordable laboratory services for improved patient care. Its decision support capabilities are designed to help physicians select the appropriate test, test application and 3

laboratory provider based on the payer's policies and laboratory network. BeaconLBS is designed to assist payers with a rules engine that interfaces with policies for seamless ordering, utilization, adjudication and payment. And it is designed to benefit patients by assisting them in obtaining the highest quality at the lowest out-of-pocket cost.

Providing End-to-End Solutions for Our Customers
Our knowledge services now go well beyond the testing of samples and the delivery of results, as we provide end-to-end lab solutions for our customers. Our capabilities include population health management tools, data analytics, decision support programs, personalized medicine and companion diagnostic testing, and genetic counseling.

related to our molecular pathology testing; together these factors generated a headwind that we estimate reduced our adjusted operating earnings by more than $100 million. Given that, LabCorp delivered another strong financial performance, generating revenue growth of 2.4 percent, to $5.8 billion, and Adjusted Earnings Per Share Excluding Amortization of $6.95. LabCorp also generated solid Operating Cash Flow of $819 million and Free Cash Flow of $617 million, almost all of which we returned to shareholders through share repurchase2.

Focused on Long-Term Opportunities
We are committed to generating durable, sustainable, profitable growth. We are in this business for the long haul and have confidence that our knowledge partnership mission and our five-pillar strategy will lead to success. Fiscal 2013 was a challenging year in many respects, and some of those challenges are likely to remain through fiscal 2014. With this in mind, we are committed to gaining market share, improving growth in our esoteric businesses, diversifying our revenue base and driving greater operational efficiency and cost reductions across our businesses. We are privileged to have over 34,000 employees who care for patients every day, and I am deeply grateful to them for their extraordinary efforts. It is an honor beyond description to lead them. The continuing, inevitable change in healthcare requires LabCorp to continually and inevitably change. That said, we are committed to leading our industry and the healthcare system into the world that will be. We are privileged to have the opportunity and grateful to you, our shareholders and stakeholders, for your continued support. Sincerely,

In 2013, UnitedHealthcare selected BeaconLBS to implement its product in Florida. We expect implementation of this agreement to occur in 2014, and we are excited about the opportunity for BeaconLBS to demonstrate its value to payers, physicians and patients. Our knowledge services now go well beyond the testing of samples and the delivery of results, as we provide end-to-end lab solutions for our customers. Our capabilities include population health management tools, data analytics, decision-support programs, personalized medicine and companion diagnostic testing, and genetic counseling. Over time, we intend to add mobile health, connected devices and care in the home to our range of product offerings. All of these tools will confirm our critical position in the emerging healthcare value chain.

Sound Financial Performance
Challenges often accompany disruptive marketplace change, and this dynamic was evident in fiscal 2013. The major headwinds were unfavorable government payment reductions and reimbursement challenges Dave King Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

2

Adjusted Earnings Per Share Excluding Amortization is calculated by excluding the effects of the impact of restructuring and other special charges and amortization expense from GAAP diluted earnings per share. Free cash flow represents cash flows from operations less capital expenditures. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures, please refer to slides 7-9 of the Company's 8-K filed on February 7, 2014.

4

