Letter to Shareholders continued

had projected. I am proud of the role our dedicated employees played in the execution of this important contract, and we all owe them a great debt of gratitude for their efforts. The contract extension with Cigna Healthcare is also noteworthy. Previously, we were only allowed to market our in-network status with Cigna to approximately 40 percent of their membership. We were prohibited from marketing in most major markets. The new contract, which went into effect January 2008, no longer contains this restriction, creating new opportunities for us in many key markets. We also are excited about the opportunity to expand our relationship with Wellpoint and build on our national strategic partnership agreement. Although we are Wellpoint's partner of choice in Georgia, Colorado and Nevada, we continue to work hard to expand our relationship in other key geographic markets, as well as to implement a number of strategic initiatives that will improve patient outcomes and reduce health care costs. Scientific Leadership I am proud that LabCorp delivers access to the most advanced scientific testing capabilities to doctors, patients and payors. The remarkable insights gained from genomic and esoteric testing are largely responsible for elevating laboratory testing to the enhanced role that it is playing in health care today. From a business perspective, these are highmargin services that improve our revenue mix and operating margins. Accordingly, we remain committed to continual expansion of our esoteric testing menu. During 2007, we introduced over 40 new tests in disciplines such as oncology, infectious

disease, immunology, genetics, coagulation and women's health. In most cases, we collaborate with partners through licenses or strategic research agreements. Though our esoteric testing expansion is broad-based, nearly all new tests share two common themes. First, we target areas where there is a clear need that the market is not meeting and, second, new testing technologies are increasingly oriented toward our goal of becoming the leading laboratory in personalized medicine. This rapidly evolving field presents opportunities for improving patient care and growing revenue. Our recent acquisition of Tandem Labs, a leading bioanalytical and immunoanalytical laboratory that supports pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with discovery, preclinical and clinical drug development programs is a further sign of our commitment to lead in the personalization of care. Tandem will be instrumental in helping to grow our clinical trials business and enhance our leadership position in companion diagnostics. We intend to partner with pharmaceutical companies in developing diagnostics that will help patients receive the drugs that, for each of them, are safe, effective and correctly dosed. We view personalized medicine as an increasingly important segment of health care, and our initiatives in this area are an important component of our long-term plan for growth. Customer Service LabCorp begins 2008 with a much more robust geographic footprint than that of a year ago. To fully serve new providers and patients, we have increased our presence

in major markets such as metropolitan New York, Chicago and St. Louis. Yet despite the challenges of rapid growth, our customer surveys show that overall satisfaction actually increased in 2007. Again, we owe credit to our hardworking front-line employees who so admirably represent LabCorp to doctors and patients around the country. We significantly improved our IT and connectivity capabilities in 2007, and we will continue to improve the customer experience in 2008 and the years ahead. During 2007, I sent quarterly letters to each of our more than 220,000 accounts, asking about their LabCorp experience. I appreciated all client feedback, and I personally made sure that a member of senior management responded to every comment. This attention to detail and ability to learn from our customers is an important way in which we enhance our customer-focused culture. We continue to expand into key markets to better serve doctors and patients. The acquisition of DSI Laboratories added 21 new patient service centers for us in southwest Florida, a heavily populated and fastgrowing area. Similarly, the acquisition of PA Laboratories in Muncie, Indiana, a suburb of Indianapolis, has provided us with an anchor in the nation's 12th-largest metropolitan area. Both acquisitions were significant because they involved collaboration with a hospital to purchase an outreach testing program while, at the same time, enabling them to keep their core hospital lab intact. Hospitals still represent over 50 percent of the clinical laboratory testing market, and we believe that two-thirds of that market is business for which we can effectively

4 Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings 2007
®

"We have announced a three-year plan, LabCorp 2010. This initiative will drive growth by providing improved tools to our employees, increasing automation in the preanalytical process, using robotics in the laboratory, optimizing logistics and maximizing the supply chain."
compete. We will continue to look for innovative collaborations that bring increased efficiency to hospital laboratory operations and allow them to maintain their strong relationships with the communities they serve. A Three-Year Initiative to Further Efficiency Whether it's a routine blood test or a complex genetic analysis, our physicians and patients expect and deserve convenience, accuracy and timeliness. We remain committed to running the best laboratories in the industry and work continuously to improve our effectiveness in this area. To this end, we have announced a threeyear plan, LabCorp 2010. This initiative will drive growth by providing improved tools to our employees, increasing automation in the preanalytical process, using robotics in the laboratory, optimizing logistics and maximizing the supply chain. Specific LabCorp 2010 activities will begin rolling out in 2008, and we are confident that this program will help ensure excellent customer service and continued industry-leading operating margins. Strong Performance Continued in 2007 Personalized medicine and LabCorp 2010 are the newest in a series of initiatives ­ such as the War on DSO ­ that have helped to ensure a consistently strong financial performance over the past decade. We continued that record in 2007. Net sales increased 13.3 percent to $4.1 billion. Before restructuring and other special charges, earnings per diluted share grew from $3.30 to $4.18, a 26.7 percent increase. The Company's cash generation remains impressive. Operating cash flow rose to $709.7 million in 2007, as compared to $632.3 million in 2006. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization were 26.3 percent of net sales, an improvement of 20 basis points compared to 2006. LabCorp's balance sheet is as healthy as its income statement. With a debt-to-

equity ratio of 1.5 and a new $1 billion credit facility, we have the resources and flexibility for continued investment in our business. During the year, we returned value to our shareholders through the repurchase of $924 million of stock. More Potential to Realize As you can see, 2007 was a watershed year for LabCorp. It was likewise a watershed year for me in my new role as CEO. It is a humbling experience to lead an organization of 26,000 talented and committed employees, and I am grateful to them for their daily contributions to our cause. It is humbling, as well, to contemplate the responsibility with which millions of physicians and patients entrust us. And it is also humbling to recognize the trust that you, our valued shareholders, place in us to deliver consistent value. We are fortunate to work in a Company and an industry where our actions build value for our shareholders and improve people's lives in profound and vital ways. Rest assured that we are working diligently to realize our full potential. We appreciate your confidence in us and your support. Sincerely,

Dave King President and Chief Executive Officer

Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings 2007 5
®

