In 2010, we called our annual strategic planning session with the Board of Directors "Building Forward." We chose this name, after much consideration, to signify the importance of continuing to build for the future while carefully reviewing our strategy given the dramatic changes in the world around us. Thus, we examined whether the foundation of our existing business remains sound and how we should build on it for success in the years ahead. One thing is certain: the years ahead will be very different from the years past. The health care reform legislation, known as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA), made significant changes to the health care landscape that will affect LabCorp and our industry for years to come. A significant expansion of the insured population should, over time, benefit test volumes and reduce bad debt expense. Reform should also bring a greater utilization of laboratory tests for screening and early diagnosis of disease, with concurrent focus on the cost-effectiveness of testing and more consistent management of utilization. In short, there will be great systemic pressure to both spend less and provide better care.

To Our Shareholders
At LabCorp we fulfill the commitments we make to physicians, patients and shareholders. In 2010, even as the country faced challenging economic times, LabCorp achieved strong financial and operational results, as we turned our plans into action and executed our strategic objectives.
Our strategy has been to provide the highest quality while maintaining our position as the low-cost, most efficient provider. We execute that strategy by focusing on five key priorities: Using our free cash flow to make acquisitions that enhance our ·  test menu and expand our geographic footprint; ·  Moving toward alternative delivery models for lab services; ·  Improving our ability to provide actionable information to doctors and patients; ·  Continuing to increase our efficiency by optimizing the business so that we can maintain our low-cost structure; and ·  Bringing innovation to the market at reasonable prices. We believe this strategy positions us well to be successful as the changes wrought by PPACA unfold. So how did our 2010 performance stack up against these criteria? Do we have a strong and durable foundation for Building Forward? The answer is unequivocally yes. The numbers say we did a great job growing the business in 2010: we grew revenue 6.6 percent and Adjusted Earnings Per Share 13.5 percent. We accomplished this with both organic and acquisition-driven growth. Better volumes in the second half of the year reflected improvement in the economy and continued success in selling more effectively. Dave King
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

1

Our long-term financial performance reflects the soundness of our business model and our strategy. During the past five years, including two of economic turmoil, we increased revenue and Adjusted Earnings Per Share at a 9 and 15 percent compound annual growth rate, respectively. What went on behind the numbers in 2010? Simply put, we executed against each prong of our strategy.
Use free cash flow to make strategic acquisitions that enhance our test menu and expand our geographic footprint

Building Forward
Quality Team Broad Capabilities Customer Satisfaction Expansion

With the 2010 acquisition of Genzyme Genetics, a business unit of Genzyme Corporation, LabCorp completed one of the most important transactions in its history. Genzyme Genetics' impressive assets include a talented management team, a strong brand with high levels of customer satisfaction and an extensive menu of high-value, high-quality esoteric tests. Genzyme Genetics' excellence in reproductive genetic testing and screening, and in hematologyoncology testing, is a valuable differentiator and a great fit with LabCorp's strengths. The approximately 130 board-certified geneticists and genetic counselors that interact daily with physicians and patients create a significant strategic opportunity to expand customer relationships and grow our businesses. The Genzyme Genetics acquisition aligns extremely well with our objectives of expanding esoteric testing and advancing our leadership in personalized medicine. This acquisition enhances LabCorp's capabilities in reproductive, genetic, hematology, oncology and clinical trials work, and creates an opportunity to generate meaningful increases in esoteric revenue. With the addition of Genzyme Genetics, we have met our previously stated objective of deriving approximately 40 percent of revenue from esoteric testing. The future of esoteric testing is bright and our new goal is to generate 45 percent of revenue from esoteric testing within the next three to five years. Genzyme Genetics was the crown jewel of our acquisitions this year, but we should not overlook the overall performance of our Mergers and Acquisitions team. In addition to Genzyme Genetics, we evaluated 27 opportunities and completed 15 acquisitions, the most sizable being Westcliff Medical Laboratories and DCL Medical Laboratories. These acquisitions will be important contributors to expanding our footprint in California and Indiana, respectively. We gained entry to the Empire BlueCross BlueShield plan in New York, the largest plan in the New York metro area by membership. This has been a long-standing goal for the Company and provides us with a solid growth opportunity in the New York metropolitan area. For some time, we have discussed expanding the international footprint of our clinical trials business. In 2010 we achieved that objective, entering into a collaborative relationship with Clearstone Central Laboratories, a global central laboratory specializing in drug development and pharmaceutical services. The relationship provides us with access to labs in China, France, Singapore and Canada, in addition to our existing labs in the United States and Belgium.

2

Broader international presence means greater ability to compete for large global trials and to further personalized medicine by developing tests to accompany new compounds.
Move toward alternative delivery models for lab services

Health care reform will bring new models of care to our system, with the likely emergence of larger physician group practices and sizeable Accountable Care Organizations. Our size and scale provide an excellent platform from which to deliver services to these organizations, but it is likely that the delivery and payment models will vary from traditional arrangements. We are well-positioned to respond to the emerging needs of the heath care system and will continue to develop ways to add value in the most efficient manner.
Improve our ability to provide actionable information to doctors and patients

We continue to lead the industry in the breadth and simplicity of our connectivity products. Providers can connect to LabCorp through thousands of EHR and EMR platforms, assisting them in managing their patients and in qualifying for pay-for-performance and meaningful-use bonuses. We achieved a major milestone with the launch of LabCorp Beacon. Customers

Partnerships Competitive Advanced Technology

can now receive results from all LabCorp brands (including Dianon, US Labs and Esoterix) through the Beacon portal. We have over 4,000 customers using Beacon for delivery of results and the number is growing by hundreds per week. We also released the Beacon mobile iPhone application in 2010. All of our connectivity products are built on our open-platform strategy, allowing physicians to connect to LabCorp regardless of their underlying IT products and platforms.
CONTINUE TO INCREASE OUR EFFICIENCY BY OPTIMIZING THE BUSINESS SO THAT WE CAN MAINTAIN OUR LOW-COST STRUCTURE

In 2007 we announced that we would reduce our operating costs by $100 million by the end of 2010 without diminishing our quality or service. We accomplished this bold goal as planned. In 2010 alone, we completed the Sysmex hematology automation project, the largest laboratory automation project ever undertaken in the United States. We implemented "Touch" accessioning in nearly 400 patient service centers and are processing over 23,000 accessions per day with this system. Touch is an on-screen draw tool that also allows us to fully accession specimens in patient service centers, increasing the accuracy of specimen collection while reducing paperwork and labor. We also implemented online appointment scheduling and our AccuDraw specimen collection tool in all patient service centers. We continued the consolidation of our billing resources and the implementation of LEAN processes. The billing team's accomplishments (with strong support from our operating divisions) were impressive. We reduced our billing footprint from 24 to 13 locations and opened a new, dedicated billing facility. We reduced bad debt by 50 basis points despite a difficult economy, and our year-end DSO was at a record-low 43 days. Impressively, our fourth quarter 2010 customer survey showed satisfaction with LabCorp service at an all-time high. Thus, our efficiency initiatives have not compromised service ­ they have made it better.

3

Bring innovation to the market at reasonable prices

In 2010, we began an 110,000-square-foot addition to the Powell Center for Esoteric Testing in Burlington, North Carolina. When we complete this project in 2011, we will have a state-ofthe-art facility to continue our leadership in development and performance of esoteric testing. We excelled in scientific innovation in 2010. LabCorp became the only national laboratory to offer IL28B testing for responsiveness to Interferon in Hepatitis C patients; Hepatitis C infects an estimated 4 million people in the U.S. and 170 million worldwide. We introduced five other new assays from Monogram alone, including GenoSure MG, a lower-cost, faster genotypic resistance assay that uses Monogram's algorithm to correlate HIV genotype and phenotype. Our scientists also authored over 100 abstracts for presentation in scientific meetings and over 65 peer-reviewed journal publications. I am very proud of LabCorp's first Virology Report, which can be accessed at https://www.labcorp.com/wps/portal/research/virology. Through a tremendous effort from our science team, we produced a report that is without peer in the field of virology and will assist clinicians, scientists, and public health officials in understanding infectious diseases and treating patients optimally.
Positioned For Growth in a Changing Health Care Marketplace

Efficient Well-Positioned Tenacious

In summary, 2010 was a year of achievement. It is gratifying that investors took notice of our success: our share price rose 17.5 percent during the year, creating nearly $1.5 billion in additional shareholder value. With excellent financial stability, a steady record of growing revenue and earnings, and unmatched scientific leadership that delivers increasing value to our customers, LabCorp will continue to Build Forward. In doing so, we remain deeply grateful for the efforts of our more than 31,000 employees ­ simply put, we could not do it without them. We are also grateful for your continued support and for the trust and loyalty of the millions of physicians and patients whom we are privileged to serve. Very truly yours,

Dave King Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

4

