 To Our Shareholders
We are pleased to address you in our first shareholder letter together since Todd Bluedorn was appointed chief executive officer in April 2007. Lennox International finished 2007 with strong financial perfor- mance. In fact, three of our four businesses, Commercial Heating & Cooling, Service Experts, and Refrigeration, had outstanding results, with segment profit growth in the double-digits and margin expansion. In the face of tough markets, our Residential Heating & Cooling business took aggressive cost actions and ended the year with solid results. Meanwhile, we began aggressively pursuing five key strategic priorities as part of our plan for 2008 and beyond.
Total company revenue was $3.7 billion, growing 1 percent over last year. Our segment profit margin of 7.4 percent was up over 50 basis points. Diluted earnings per share were $2.43, growing 8 percent.
We generated cash flow from operations of $238 million and invested $68 million in capital assets. Our free cash flow for the year was very strong at $170 million, $44 million over last year—a marked improvement. We are continuing our balanced and disciplined approach to cash usage, with a focus on shareholder returns: we returned $282 million to our shareholders through stock repurchases of $247 million and dividends of $35 million. Our board of directors has increased the dividend in each of the last four years, resulting in a compound annual growth rate of over 10 percent. We also continue to buy back shares through our $500 million share repurchase program. By year end the program was over 40 percent complete, and remains on track for third quarter ’08 completion.
Our balance sheet remains strong with year-end debt of $208 million. We continue to have significant capacity to use our balance sheet strength to expand and sustain our premium position.
Driving shareholder value in 2008 and beyond continues to be our top priority. Moving forward, we are intensely focused on two broad areas: sustaining and expanding our premium position, while increasing our focus on overall cost control.
Successful execution in these two areas is tied to our five strategic priorities:
Innovative products, systems, and solutions: In all of our markets, we are continually renewing our heritage of innovation by developing commercial, residential, and refrigeration products that give business owners and families precision control over more aspects of their indoor environments, while significantly lowering their energy costs. Our development of the award-winning StrategosTM commercial rooftop unit, offering businesses unprecedented levels of control over comfort levels and energy use, and our PureAirTM air purification system, allowing homeowners to clean their air better than any other single system they can buy, are only two examples of our ongoing drive for meaningful product innovation.
Manufacturing and sourcing excellence: It’s critical to increase our pace in lowering costs in these areas. Last year we announced the start-up of our low-cost assembly factory in Saltillo, Mexico, which we expect to significantly reduce our manufacturing costs. Currently we source around 15 percent of our components outside North America as part of our effort to lower costs, and we have an opportunity to potentially double that percentage. During 2007 we added resources in sourcing and engineering to help us do just that.
We are also continuing to consolidate our global manufacturing footprint and reduce our overhead. In 2007 we announced a consolidation of our refrigeration business in Tifton, GA, a consolidation of our hearth products business in Union City, TN, and closed a factory in New Zealand—which we expect to lead to significant savings when these efforts are complete in 2010. We are confident we have more opportunities in this area and will continue to pursue them.
  
  2
3
LENNOX INTERNATIONAL INC.
 Driving shareholder value in 2008 and beyond continues to be our top priority. Moving forward, we are intensely focused on...sustaining and expanding our premium position, while increasing our focus on overall cost control.
Elevating and broadening distribution: In the HVAC (heating, ventilation, and air conditioning) replacement market, physical distribution drives share gain, and we will continue to explore the most effective strategies for increasing our distribution points. Providing premium support to our distributors and dealer partners is key to supporting our premium brands, and we plan to continue making invest- ments to sustain our best-in-class position.
Geographic expansion: We are focused on seeking out the right opportunities to make LII a more global company, including building on our position in the European HVAC and refrigeration markets. One of our most exciting growth opportunities is in the Chinese refrigeration market, where we have already established a factory, distribution, and the right products to position us to grow with this increasingly important market.
Corporate expense reduction: Our focus on cost containment across the company is gaining traction, and part of the proof is the year-over-year improvement in corporate expenses of $13 million in 2007. But this is just the beginning of our cost reduction efforts—we still have significant opportunities in front of us to drive margin expansion and support growth into other segments of the business.
We’re also looking for acquisitions consistent with our strategy of sustaining and expanding our premium position and/or reducing our costs. While many of the industries in our core markets are already relatively consolidated, we think there are still advantageous moves left in each of them. As with our approach to cash usage, balance and discipline will guide our acquisition strategy.
LII had a solid year in a challenging 2007. In 2008 and beyond, we will intensify the focus on our five strategic priorities, seek out opportunities for acquisitions consistent with those priorities, and continue our drive to build value for our company and shareholders. Given the talent and commitment of our 15,000 employees worldwide, and the many exciting opportunities in front of us, we are confident we will succeed.
Todd M. Bluedorn Chief Executive Officer
Richard L. Thompson Chairman of the Board
       