TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
 2014 marked another year of strong growth and record profits for Lennox International.
Revenue for the year was $3.4 billion, up 5 percent including a negative 1 percentage point impact from foreign exchange. Total segment profit margin expanded 70 basis points to
a record 10.1 percent for the year, and GAAP diluted earnings per share from continuing
operations increased 21 percent to a record $4.28.
The company’s performance in 2014 continued to be led by our Residential business. With strength in both replacement and new construction, Residential revenue was up 10 percent, including a negative 1 percentage point impact from foreign exchange. Residential margin expanded 220 basis points to a record 13.6 percent, and profit rose 31 percent to a record $236 million.
In Commercial, our North America business grew twice as
fast as the market, with shipments up 8 percent on strength in national accounts and our ongoing expansion in the emergency replacement segment of the market. Europe Commercial HVAC was down for the year on soft macroeconomic conditions and political uncertainty in the region. Overall for our Commercial business, revenue was up 4 percent, including a negative 1 percentage point impact from foreign exchange, and segment profit rose 5 percent to a record $124 million. Commercial margin was up 10 basis points to a record 14.1 percent in a year of significant investment for future growth and new market opportunities.
Our Refrigeration business faced choppy market conditions globally in 2014. The business was negatively impacted by the mid-year repeal of the carbon tax in Australia that reduced the profitability of our wholesale refrigerant business compared to the prior year. In North America, we saw a soft supermarket environment for most of the year. In the fourth quarter, however, Refrigeration saw significant growth on the strength of new national account business in North America that positions us well for 2015. We also expect the profitability of our Australian business to be improved in the second half of 2015 with the impact of the carbon tax repeal behind us. Overall for our Refrigeration business in 2014, revenue was down nearly 3 percent, including a negative 2 percentage point impact from foreign exchange. With the negative impact from Australia, foreign exchange, and lower product mix in North America grocery, Refrigeration margin contracted 430 basis points to
7.4 percent, and profit was 39 percent lower than the prior year. 2014 was a challenging year in Refrigeration, and we remained focused on reducing costs and improving productivity through the year while also investing for the growth opportunities that began to ramp up in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead, we are
well-positioned in the refrigeration market and expect improved growth and profitability going forward.
The company had solid cash generation for the year with cash from operations of $185 million. With capital expenditures of $88 million, we continued to make transformational invest- ments in the business. We also strategically built $77 million of inventory in the fourth quarter to support customers in the minimum-efficiency regulatory transition taking effect at the start of 2015 for certain cooling products. With the company’s strong performance overall for the year and solid balance sheet, we increased the dividend 25 percent and accelerated our stock repurchases. The company paid $53 million in dividends and $550 million for stock repurchase programs.
We continued in 2014 to position the company for further growth and profitability, with an ongoing focus on our five strategic initiatives.
Innovative Product Systems and Solutions – With a systemat- ic increase in Research and Development investment year after year, the company continues to focus on maintaining leadership in energy-efficient climate control systems and advanced controls across our businesses.
In Residential, consumers continued to trend toward buying higher-efficiency systems and advanced controls. Our Ultimate Comfort SystemTM continues to lead the industry with the most advanced and efficient air conditioning, heating, and air quality system for homeowners. The system includes our latest icomfort Wi-Fi® to control the entire system by smartphone, tablet, or computer and the iharmony® zoning system for climate precision and maximum comfort.
Our Commercial business won 29 new national accounts
in 2014 as customers continue to select Lennox for our leading high-efficiency rooftops and advanced controls. Our Energence® Ultra High Efficiency with Prodigy® Control System 2.0 leads the industry in efficiency and advanced, intuitive controls. We continued to capture market share in
the emergency replacement market with our Raider® rooftop units, now ranging from 3 to 12.5 ton sizes. We have realized 25 percent revenue growth the last two years in the emergency replacement market since the introduction of the Raider product line. In the second half of 2014, we strategically entered the VRF (Variable Refrigerant Flow) market in North America with Lennox-branded equipment in conjunction with our manufacturing partner in China. We have assembled a great Lennox team with years of experience in VRF to provide leading products with the best sales, service, and technical support in North America. We are focused on capturing a
solid position and expect the VRF market in North America
to continue to grow at a double-digit percent rate from about
a $400 million market today to over $1 billion in the coming years.
 
 In Refrigeration, we provide products and solutions for supermarkets, convenience stores, restaurants, cold storage,
and industry in 70 countries around the world. In 2014, we con- tinued to advance our leadership position with new energy-effi- cient refrigeration solutions, including environmentally friendly platforms using innovative alternative refrigerant systems. Of increasing importance are advanced refrigeration controls, and we were awarded Gold and Silver Dealer Design Awards from
a leading industry magazine recognizing our leadership in
this area as we continue to deliver advanced energy-efficient solutions to our customers.
Manufacturing and Sourcing Excellence – We completed
the expansion of our second Residential manufacturing plant in Saltillo, Mexico and began production mid 2014. From the transfer of certain furnace production from the United States to this facility, as well as in-sourcing sheet metal fabrication, we expect approximately $15 million of annual savings by the end of 2016. In addition to nearly 20 percent of our furnace volume being produced in Saltillo in 2014, about half of our cooling products in 2014 were produced at our first plant there. In our global sourcing initiative, we continue to expand our operations in China to support our sourcing activities in Asia, and we continue to realize significant savings on components of equal or better quality in our systems.
Distribution Excellence – Systematic expansion of the Lennox residential and commercial distribution networks has been a major driver of market share gains in recent years. In 2014, we added 26 new Lennox PartsPlus® stores to end the year at 161 locations. These stores sell Lennox equipment, as well as parts, supplies, and accessories needed by dealer-contractors. With the success of these stores, we plan to accelerate our new store openings over the coming years and are targeting 250 locations by the end of 2017. In North America Commercial HVAC,
we also continue to add distribution locations to support our expansion in the emergency replacement market with Raider® rooftop units. We added 7 new local distribution centers and an additional regional distribution center in 2014 to bring the total of commercial-dedicated distribution locations to 40. We now provide same-day service for 75 percent of the North America market and with additional investments in 2015 are targeting 85 percent same-day service.
In distribution and dealer interactions, information technol-
ogy is an increasingly important differentiator and a critical factor in converting market share. As an industry leader with a direct-to-dealer model, we are able to achieve a deeper rela- tionship with our dealers and their salespeople and technicians. One of our latest innovations in making Lennox the preferred company to work with is our new DaveNet® No BoundariesTM dealer portal. Lennox completely reinvented its desktop system, added new mobile capabilities, and added a host of additional customer-centric tools to increase the efficiencies of our partners on-the-job and on-the-go. DaveNet.com puts the full force of Lennox support in the hands of our valued partners on the front lines. From real-time ordering, warranty look-up, residential
match-ups, commercial quick quotes, repair parts look-up, and more, DaveNet.com has the tools for our dealer customers to do jobs more efficiently and effectively. DaveNet.com also provides extensive training for our dealers and their employees with more than 1,000 classes ranging from technical sales to
business acumen. More than 16,000 dealers have registered on the new system, and each month there are approximately 300,000 sessions and more than 4 million page views.
Geographic Expansion – Outside of North America, we saw uneven market conditions by region around the world. Looking at revenue growth in constant currency, we continued to see double-digit percentage growth in China and Asia. Growth continued in South America as well, up a mid single-digit percentage. In the uncertain macroeconomic and political environment of Europe, our revenue was essentially flat with the prior year. As expected, Australia revenue was down by a mid single-digit percentage on the repeal of the carbon tax and a softer macroeconomic environment.
In India, we now have more than 250 employees in Chennai
at our Lennox India Technology Center (LITC) focused on accelerating innovative new product launches and driving further material cost reductions. The LITC is a center of excellence for many of our engineering and information technol- ogy core competencies, and we plan to expand these operations further in 2015 as we continue to strengthen our presence in that region and leverage R&D investments. In Shanghai, China, the Lennox Asia Sourcing & Engineering Center (LASEC) continued to support our expanded global sourcing and engi- neering cost-reduction initiatives, providing significant savings for the company.
Expense Reduction – In 2014, the company realized more than $30 million in savings from global sourcing programs
and engineering-led cost reductions, and we remain focused
on driving significant savings in future years. For example, we are introducing high-efficiency, all-aluminum coils in Residential products following the successful introduction in Refrigeration and Commercial products in recent years. We continue to drive product quality and productivity across the enterprise, as well as leverage SG&A while managing strong growth.
In closing, Lennox International delivered another year of strong growth and record profits in 2014 while continuing to invest in the business and position the company for continued success. We remain focused on capitalizing on growth in our end markets, capturing additional market share, and driving our operational initiatives for increased profitability over the coming years.
Todd M. Bluedorn
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
 