building Shareholder Value

To Our Shareholders
In the face of challenging and uncertain markets, Lennox International delivered solid earnings and cash performance in 2008. While executing on aggressive cost control and rationalizing our operations, we also continued to make transformational investments in the business. The combination of cost control and the right investments are positioning us well now and for the future. Total company revenue was $3.5 billion, down 7 percent from last year. Our segment profit margin was up 10 basis points to 7.6 percent. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $2.15 compared to $2.44 in the prior year,  down 12 percent. We generated cash flow from operations of $183 million and invested $62 million in capital assets, resulting in strong free cash flow, a non-GAAP measure, of $121 million for the year. We also continue to be focused on returning cash to shareholders: we returned $344 million to our shareholders through stock repurchases of $311 million and dividends of approximately $33 million. Our company has $285 million remaining of its outstanding $300 million share repurchase program after buying 603,007 shares in the fourth quarter of 2008. Total debt as of December 31, 2008 was $420 million, with a primary credit facility and asset securitization program totaling approximately $775 million in place. The markets in 2009 will continue to be extremely challenging. However, given the strength of our balance sheet, our emphasis on cost control, and the investments we are making in the business, we are confident we are well prepared for the current markets and for future growth. The key factor in our solid 2008 performance--and for 2009 and beyond--is continued focus and execution on our five strategic priorities: Manufacturing and sourcing excellence: Through our new 325,000 sq. ft. low-cost manufacturing facility in Saltillo, Mexico, we are introducing the latest best-in-class Lean manufacturing practices across our operations. We also continue to consolidate our worldwide manufacturing footprint. In 2008, we finalized the closure of our Lynwood, California and Danville, Illinois facilities, and announced the consolidation of three additional  facilities. These restructuring efforts helped result in $7 million in incremental savings in 2008, and are expected to save an incremental $19 million in 2009. We also have a major opportunity to focus on our material costs by expanding our low-cost sourcing worldwide, with detailed plans to more than double our global supply chain spend outside the U.S. and Canada over the next two years. Innovative products, systems, and solutions: We continue to renew our heritage of innovation with exciting new product introductions. We unveiled Lennox SunSourceTM, the industry's first integrated solar-assisted residential heating and cooling system. All-aluminum microchannel heat exchanger technology,

3

LENNOX INTERNATIONAL INC.

to o u r s h are h olders

Todd M. Bluedorn

Richard L. Thompson

another industry first for our Refrigeration business, reduces the necessary refrigerant charge by 70 percent. Our innovative StrategosTM line of commercial rooftop units is driving major gains for us in the national accounts market. Distribution excellence: In our industry, physical presence drives market share gains and customer service excellence.

manufacturing operations and continuing to localize our products for the China market. Sales in China were up over 40 percent in 2008, with more than half of our bookings coming from customers new to LII.  Expense reduction: In response to softening markets, we implemented aggressive cost control measures across the

The key factor in our 2008 performance-- And for 2009 and beyond--is continued focus and execution on our five strategic priorities.
Our new logistics strategy for our Lennox ® residential business will effectively double our North American distribution locations, allowing us to significantly increase our presence and our same-day/next-day service levels to our customers--while lowering our logistics costs. Nine regional distribution centers are also driving same-day business in our Commercial segment. The use of handheld wireless technology by our Service Experts service technicians is nearing full implementation and, combined with our new national Customer Contact Center, is significantly increasing efficiency and effectiveness. Geographic expansion: It is estimated the space requirements for the China cold-storage refrigeration market will grow twentyfold over the next 10 years. To take advantage of this significant opportunity, we are doubling the size of our China Todd M. Bluedorn Chief Executive Officer entire organization during 2008. These initiatives resulted in reducing our salaried headcount by 7 percent, with selling, general and administrative expenses down 6 percent. Corporate  expenses were 37 percent lower in 2008. We will continue to aggressively seek opportunities throughout our organization to reduce our costs in line with market conditions. In the face of unprecedented market challenges, Lennox International delivered solid 2008 performance. We continue to make transformational investments in the business and position the company to build value for you, our shareholders.

Richard L. Thompson Chairman of the Board

