 LENNOX INTERNATIONAL 3.
 To Our Shareholders
  Robert E. Schjerven Chief Executive Officer
2005: FOCUSED TO DELIVER 2005 was a record-breaking year for Lennox International. We delivered on our commitment to increase the focus on our core businesses and solidly execute our value- building strategies. The results are clear: supported by enhanced operational efficiencies, effective pricing, favorable weather patterns, and a sustained strength in the residential new construction
market, LII set several key performance records.
Our total company sales increased 13% to a record $3.4 billion, with all of our business segments contributing to this growth. Our adjusted income from continuing operations—which we have reconciled in the Financial Highlights table included with
this annual report—was $130 million, or $1.83 per diluted share, comparing very favorably with the $91 million, or $1.39 per share, we earned in 2004. And we ended the year with our strongest balance sheet since we became a public company in 1999,
reflected in a 13% total debt to capitalization ratio.
Our focus on cash flow and debt reduction has proven to be very effective. We generated cash from operations of $227 million and invested $63 million in capital expenditures, providing full-year free cash flow of $164 million. During the year we made voluntary contri- butions of $26 million to pension plans and, in October 2005, we completed the conversion of our outstanding convertible subordinated
 John W. Norris, Jr. Chairman of the Board

 We will remember 2005 as a landmark year for LII—
the starting point for our next great period of opportunity and growth.
 notes, eliminating $144 million in debt and $9 million in annual pre-tax interest expense.
Finishing 2005 with total debt of $121 million, we are extremely pleased that we have reduced the debt on our balance sheet by $570 million over the past five years. Thanks to these efforts, debt reduction is no longer our top priority. In September, our board of directors author- ized the repurchase of up to 10 million shares of our stock, while in December the board raised our dividend by 10%. Through these actions, we are returning more value to our shareholders. We continue to evaluate prospects to build long-term value by investing in our core businesses and exploring strategic growth
opportunities.
Corporate-wide initiatives supported our strong financial performance. In particular, our drive for product innovation is a vital part of our past, pres- ent, and future. It is notable that approximately 30% of our equipment sales in 2005 came from
products introduced in the last three years.
While striving to provide our customers mean- ingful product innovation and enhanced services and programs, we have not lost focus on our internal operations. In 2005, we overcame approximately $67 million in higher costs for
steel, copper, aluminum, and related com- ponents. To effectively manage escalations in materials costs, LII created a global strategic
sourcing organization, including the establishment of a pro- curement office in Shanghai, to provide more centralized direction and coordination of buying and sourcing activities. The new organization works closely with all our businesses to drive excellence in key areas of corporate procurement through coordinated efforts.
It is gratifying that the equity markets have acknowledged and rewarded our company for the progress we have made. We continue to deliver superior returns to our shareholders with total return in 2005 of more than 40%. For the past five years, our average annual return has been almost 33%, significantly outperforming the broader market indices over the same period—truly an exceptional performance.
No matter which superlatives we use to describe Lennox International’s performance in 2005, it will be remembered as a highly successful and important year for our company and for our shareholders.
HEATING AND COOLING Taking advantage of strong demand, driven in part by favorable cooling season weather, our Residential Heating & Cooling business posted impres- sive results. Unprecedented demand, combined with price realization across all of our brands, drove segment revenue growth of 19%.
Continuing our drive to offer industry-leading products, Lennox introduced the XC21, the world’s first residential air conditioner rated at 20+ SEER for energy efficiency. Focusing on energy-efficient products such as the XC21 helped us win our third consecutive ENERGY STAR®
 
Manufacturer of the Year award from the Environmental Protection Agency. The XC21 is part of our fast-growing, top-of-the-line Dave Lennox Signature Collection® of heat- ing and cooling products, which now represent 18% of total Lennox brand equipment sales.
Increased sales for premium comfort products was only one of many selling success stories: in 2005 we established a dozen new distributors for our Armstrong Air and Ducane lines, which are aimed at the middle and value tiers of the market, respectively. Armstrong Air also won a Product Showcase Award at the prestigious HVAC Comfortech trade show for its Enhanced 80v and Advantage II series of 80% efficient furnaces. Our national consumer advertising efforts were also effective, including an award-winning “Home Comfort Makeover Contest.”
Our Residential Heating & Cooling management team was very focused on the new National Appliance Energy Conservation Act (NAECA) regulation that raised the mini- mum efficiency for residential air conditioning by 30% to 13 SEER. This change had a major impact on all of our residential cooling lines and was one of the largest and most comprehensive projects in our history. We used it as an opportunity to not only comply with the new energy efficiency requirement, but also to standardize product platforms across our brands while maintaining meaningful brand differentiation through unique product features and visual design. Organizational alignment and close coopera- tion across our business units allowed us to be fully ready with a comprehensive and competitive range of new
products, from entry-level to full-featured, when the regulation took effect on January 23, 2006.
Commercial Heating & Cooling finished another strong year, with revenue advancing 12%. Strong sales increases in our domestic National Accounts helped drive this improvement. We
have now established nine commercial regional distribution centers to place products more stra- tegically, allowing us to increase our penetration
in the replacement market by shortening our response time. We also introduced the innovative S-Class, expanding the capacity of our core roof- top line up to 50 tons. The capacity increase and the addition of variable air volume capabilities allow us to expand our growth opportunities by effectively serving new market segments.
While commercial equipment demand in the U.S. and Canada continued to improve, European demand remains stagnant. We strengthened our management team and realigned our organization to a more pan- European structure to improve our performance in this challenging market.
SERVICE EXPERTS With a renewed focus on the more profitable service and replacement segments of the resi- dential and light commercial market, Service Experts
LENNOX INTERNATIONAL 5.
   
 Service Experts Centers
Superior Service
took advantage of a robust market and strong advertising and marketing programs to return to profitability in 2005. Segment revenue advanced 5% and segment profit improved dramatically by $19 million. Service Experts’ progress is meeting our expectations, and we are confident
the improvement will continue.
Strong management and leadership at the service center level are vital for the continued improvement of Service Experts. The General Manager Fast Track program, designed to aggressively and comprehen- sively train new general managers through a combination of extensive
classroom work and on-the-job training, trained 38 candidates in three classes.
Effective marketing and branding are helping drive improvement. An increased emphasis on providing the best customer service in the industry was launched with the introduction of “Standards of Excellence,” focus- ing on issues consumers revealed were most important to them—includ- ing quality, responsiveness, and professional certification. The introduction of a new logo and service uniform further differentiated Service Experts in the markets it serves. The growing Indoor Air Quality (IAQ) market was targeted with the “Home Health Report Card” program, a whole-house approach to indoor air quality which looks beyond the traditional air condi-
tioning and heating equipment to create a healthier indoor environment.
Winning consumer trust is a key to success in the service and replacement business, and Service Experts is proving to be a leader. Over 80% of the company’s 1,200 service technicians are now certified by North American Technical Excellence (NATE), giving Service Experts the largest network of
certified technicians in the industry.
REFRIGERATION Refrigeration sales advanced 5% in 2005. Solid gains in the Americas more than offset weaker performance in the Asia-Pacific region.
Thanks in part to a new world-class product development process to ensure high-value products reach the market quicker than ever before, we intro- duced several innovations last year. Our Extended Thin Profile unit coolers

 To establish a powerful common identity for
consumers and employees, Service Experts
launched a branding initiative in 2005. A new
logo, service uniforms, and a new national
spokesperson—“Sam the Service Expert”—
were chosen with the help of extensive con-
sumer research. The Service Experts Standards
of Excellence were also developed. These
standards were summed up in a new tagline—
“Expertise You Can Rely On. Guaranteed.”—
reflecting the company’s 100% customer
satisfaction guarantee. Service Experts is now
harnessing the selling power of a common
brand and promise through extensive use in
FPO
LENNOX INTERNATIONAL 7.
  websites, service truck signage, and advertising.
                                                 
 Lennox introduced the world’s first resi- dential air conditioner rated at over 20 SEER (Seasonal Energy Efficiency Rating)—the XC21, the most energy-efficient central air conditioner available on the market. Basing the XC21 design on detailed input from more than 14,000 homeowners and contractors, Lennox combines state-of-the-art in home comfort and serviceability. A new cabinet design and color, part of a new look for the entire Lennox product line, add
to the unit’s attractively unique appearance.
  
LENNOX INTERNATIONAL 9.
 Driving Innovation
feature one of the most compact cabinet designs on the market, allowing supermarket and convenience store owners to fit the coolers in limited space while providing more room for shelving. ServiceMateTM is an innovative feature for air-cooled condensing units that provides immediate, visual feed- back on the status of system control components, reducing diagnostic time
and equipment downtime.
We welcomed new leadership for our Asia-Pacific operations, an impor- tant priority in a market with excellent long-term growth potential. In Australia, we consolidated Kirby and Lovelocks into a single wholesale operation and introduced a new look for our storefronts under the Heatcraft Refrigeration banner. Our operation in Brazil, benefiting from our domestic marketing and product development expertise, has made significant progress and is now solidly profitable. Revenue has doubled in the past two years and export sales to other South
American markets are growing.
Effective marketing and customer interfacing remain a key to growth. We completed comprehensive research to identify key industry trends, market segments and needs, growth opportunities, and the
relative strength of our brands. This resulted in a specific, targeted business growth strategy moving forward. In conjunction with our growth plans, we also developed a comprehensive customer interface strategy to effectively manage customer interactions and strengthen
relationships with our best customers.
    
                                                   50% 40% 30% 20% 10%
0 -10% -20%
A FOUNDATION FOR GROWTH
Return to Shareholders
LII VS. S&P SmallCap 600
Creating Value
                2001
2002 2003 2004
LENNOX INTERNATIONAL
2005
S&P SMALLCAP 600
50 40 30 20 10
0 -10 -20
50 40 30 20 10
0 -10 -20
Today, Lennox International is a different company than we were just a few years ago. Our balance sheet is strong, with cash on hand providing an appropri- ate degree of operating flexibility. Our prospects for continued strength in cash flow generation are very good. We have exited non-core businesses that were draining resources, and we continue working hard to improve the profitability of any underperforming busi- nesses that remain. Our company is truly at a new and very exciting
  point in its history.
We have built a solid, stable foundation for a new period of growth. Profitable long-term growth requires careful planning and the ability to move quickly when opportunities arise. Thorough analyses of options
for capital deployment position us well to move rapidly when appro- priate, and our management team continues to work to identify the
best opportunities to profitably grow our core businesses.
We will remember 2005 as a landmark year for LII—the starting point for our next great period of opportunity and growth. Our 16,000 employees worldwide have worked hard to help bring us to this significant crossroads. We intend to continue strengthening the foundation they have built, as we follow through on our commit- ment to provide the best possible value for you, our shareholders.
   S&P
Robert E. Schjerven
Chief Executive Officer
John W. Norris, Jr.
Chairman of the Board
