Message to Our Shareholders
“Achieving success by following a code of business principles we share and believe.” That’s how we defined integrity in our 2001 annual report. We also shared examples of how integrity has been Lennox Inter- national’s core business value for over a century. We stressed integrity would be key to meeting our challenges in 2002 and the years to come—and that we were confident of success.
We did exactly what we said we were going to do. Throughout 2002, in the midst of a highly challenging global business envi- ronment, we stood by our century-old business principles—leading our industry in product innovation, expanding and enhancing our products and services, carefully building and managing our brands, and improving our financial perfor- mance—and we made dramatic progress. In fact, our total return to our stockholders
for the year was over 33%. This was our second straight year of delivering returns of more than 30% when the broader stock market indices declined.
While we took aggressive action to sharpen our focus on our core businesses, we also laid a strong foundation to take advantage of future growth opportunities, and we’re excited to share that news with you. But first, let’s look at last year’s performance.
2002 performance: significant improvement
LII achieved significant improvement in many key performance areas, most notably operating margins and earnings. While favorable weather supported our domes- tic residential businesses, demand from our commercial customers for heating, cooling, and refrigeration equipment and services was soft.
Our total corporate sales were $3.0 billion, with revenues from our core businesses, despite mixed demand, down less than 1% from 2001. Our operating margin in 2002—excluding restructuring expenses; gains, losses, and other items; and goodwill amortization and impairment—expanded 150 basis points to 4.2% from 2001. On the same basis, our net income more than doubled to $57 million, or $0.96 earnings per diluted share. In accordance with generally accepted accounting prin- ciples (GAAP) and including the $249 million goodwill impairment charge the company recorded in the first quarter, LII reported a net loss of $190 million, or $3.23 per diluted share, in 2002.
We continued to concentrate on our bal- ance sheet and generated strong free cash flow of $191 million in 2002, which we used primarily to reduce our total debt

3
“Throughout 2002, in the midst of a highly challenging global business environment, we stood by our century-old business principles...and we made dramatic progress.”
 John W. Norris, Jr., Chairman of the Board & Robert E. Schjerven, Chief Executive Officer
 
by $138 million, or 27%. As of December 31, 2002 our total debt was $380 million, the lowest level reported on our balance sheet since LII went public in 1999. Thanks to our disciplined approach to capital expenditures, diligent working capital management, and improved earnings, we were able to reduce our debt-to-total cap- ital ratio to 45.6% from 55.1% in 2001, adjusting the prior-year numbers for the impact of FAS 142 goodwill impairment. Our target had been 50%, and we feel continued debt reduction is appropriate given the current business environment.
Our progress was not limited to our finan- cial performance:
•
which we have clear competitive advan- tages and strong potential for profitable growth. We entered into a joint venture with Outokumpu Oyj of Finland, with Outokumpu taking a 55% interest in our heat transfer segment, a components business, allowing us to focus on improv- ing our effectiveness in providing value- added, branded products and services in our core markets. We completed an extensive rationalization program involv- ing several of our manufacturing, sales, and distribution facilities in North and South America, Europe, and Asia. We also exited several non-core and under- performing product lines.
Service Experts, our direct-to-customer business, realized important operational improvements and showed profitable results for the year. Thanks to better labor management, lower overhead, and
improved pricing, segment operating margins improved 275 basis points to 2.6% in 2002 from the prior year. While the top line remains challenging, our Service Experts management is devel- oping numerous marketing and busi- ness development initiatives to address this situation, consistent with our goal of continued improvement in profitability.
Critical to our broad-based success in 2002 were the dedication and hard work of our 18,000 employees worldwide. Together, they developed innovative ideas for new products, new services, and new and improved ways of doing business— and successfully put those ideas to work. We are grateful to all of our employees for their commitment to LII and will continue to look to them for the best ideas in the coming years.
• We sharpened our focus on our core strengths in the heating, ventilation, air conditioning, and refrigeration (HVACR) industry, allowing us to channel our energy and resources into areas in
“In terms of both our continued commitment to profitability and top line performance for our core businesses, we are well-positioned for growth.”

5
Confidence in the future: three core businesses
LII is now clearly focused on three core businesses: Heating & Cooling, Service Experts, and Refrigeration.
In terms of both our continued commit- ment to profitability and top line perform- ance for our core businesses, we are well positioned for growth. Continued perfor- mance improvements in our core busi- nesses are generating the cash needed to take advantage of important opportunities down the road, while a stronger balance sheet provides more flexibility for growth initiatives. Our successful sale of $143 million in convertible notes in May of 2002 was also an important step to better align our capital structure with our long-term growth prospects.
Our confidence in our potential to build shareholder value in all three of our busi- nesses is high:
• They are businesses in which we have core competencies, considerable expe- rience, important competitive advantages —including well-established distribution channels and widely recognized and respected brand names—and a real passion to excel.
• They are related industries, focused on climate control and specializing in fin- ished goods and services, with strong potential for developing synergies.
• They are businesses with significant growth potential. For example, Service Experts operates in a $40 billion-plus service industry currently dominated by no major player, but one in which resi- dential and commercial customers are
looking for trusted, recognized brand names. Also, our core heating and cool- ing equipment markets, while maturing, have demonstrated long-term growth driven by product replacement as the size of the installed base continues to expand.
While we take pride in our achievements in 2002, we are by no means satisfied. In last year’s report, we defined integrity simply as our way of doing business— taking pride and inspiration from our past century of achievements, while constantly striving for future improvement. For LII in 2003 and beyond, integrity will mean what it has always meant: sticking to the core values that have brought us success for over a century, exploring opportunities for profitable growth, and remaining committed to increasing value for our shareholders.
  Robert E. Schjerven Chief Executive Officer
John W. Norris, Jr. Chairman of the Board
