LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
 From left to right:
Robert L. Wagman, President & Co-CEO Joseph M. Holsten, Vice Chairman & Co-CEO Donald F. Flynn, Chairman
John S. Quinn, Executive Vice President & CFO
Dear Stockholders:
We are pleased to once again write to you about the continued successes of our Company. Record financial results, business expansions, and management changes in 2010 have laid a solid foundation for the future of LKQ Corporation.
Market Leader
Corporate Citizenship
Commitment to Environment
Growth
2010 ANNUAL REPORT // LKQ CORPORATION 01

FINANCIAL RESULTS
In 2010, we achieved the highest annual revenue of our Company’s history at $2.47 billion. That represents an increase of over 20% compared to 2009. Also compared to 2009, income from continuing operations grew by 31% to $167 million. We also earned $1.15 per share compared to $0.88 per share in 2009, an increase of over 30%.
We are particularly proud of our financial results in 2010 because we were operating in a challenging economic environment.
BUSINESS EXPANSIONS
Since our inception in 1998, we have expanded our Company both in our core business – wholesale recycled and aftermarket automotive parts – and in complementary businesses. We continued that strategy in 2010 with the following acquisitions:
•
• • • • • • • • • •
wholesale automotive recycled operations that serve the following markets: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Norfolk and Virginia Beach, Virginia; Little Rock, Arkansas; Birmingham and Northern Alabama; Nashville, Tennessee; Eastern North Carolina; Atlanta, Georgia; Seattle, Washington; and Winnipeg, Manitoba;
heavy-duty truck operations in Louisiana and Mississippi;
an automotive paint distribution business in the Boston, Massachusetts area;
a tire recycling business in Sterling, Connecticut;
an aftermarket body parts, lighting, cooling and accessories distributor in Cincinnati, Ohio; an aluminum wheel refinishing business and aluminum smelter in Indiana;
an aftermarket parts distributor doing business in five Canadian provinces;
an engine remanufacturer in Springfield, Missouri;
a national aftermarket heating and cooling system parts distributor based in Massachusetts; a bumper remanufacturing facility in Dallas, Texas; and
self service retail recycling operations in Southern California and Denver, Colorado.
 02
2010 ANNUAL REPORT // LKQ CORPORATION

 Wholesale Automotive Recycled Operations Heavy-Duty Truck
Automotive Paint Distributor
Tire Recycling Business
Aftermarket Products (Accessories Distributor) Aluminum Wheel Refinishing and Aluminum Smelter
Aftermarket Products Distributor
Engine Remanufacturing
National Aftermarket Heating and Cooling Distributor Bumper Remanufacturing
Self Service Retail Recycling Operations
In addition to the acquisitions, we have started new businesses and improved and expanded existing operations. Our organic growth exceeded 11% in 2010. LKQ companies reach every major market in the United States and Canada. We are striving to be the first and only place a customer will go for an automotive replacement product.
2010 ANNUAL REPORT // LKQ CORPORATION 03

 MANAGEMENT CHANGES
In November 2010, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Joseph M. Holsten, was appointed Vice Chairman of our Board of Directors. Effective January 1, 2011, Robert L. Wagman, our Senior Vice President of Operations -- Wholesale Parts Division, was elected President and Co-Chief Executive Officer to serve concurrently with Mr. Holsten. Mr. Holsten has announced his intention to resign from his officer position near the end of 2011. Mr. Holsten has served as our President and CEO since November 1998, and his hard work and drive are responsible for the Company that we have today. After his resignation, Mr. Holsten intends to remain as our Vice Chairman and to consult for us in the areas of operations and corporate strategy.
Mr. Holsten has served our Company excellently for over 12 years. Mr. Wagman has also worked with us for over 12 years and has been in our industry for over 23 years. Mr. Wagman has been working closely with Mr. Holsten for some time now and will gain invaluable knowledge and experience during 2011 as he and Mr. Holsten share the role of CEO. We believe that this management structure provides for an orderly succession of our CEO position. We also believe that Mr. Holsten’s roles as Vice Chairman and as a consultant will support a seamless transition of our management.
We are very proud of our Company. Our mission is to provide affordable repair options to the automotive and heavy-duty truck repair industries nationwide by offering the most comprehensive alternative replacement products solutions. With your help, we work continually to achieve this goal. We are very grateful that you have invested with LKQ Corporation, and you can be assured that we are focused on increasing stockholder value. We look forward to serving you in the future.
Sincerely,
Joseph M. Holsten
Robert L. Wagman Donald F. Flynn
John S. Quinn
        04
2010 ANNUAL REPORT // LKQ CORPORATION
