                                          LETTER TO THE STOCKHOLDERS
DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS: THIS YEAR WAS ANOTHER HISTORIC ONE FOR OUR COMPANY. MOST NOTABLY, IN OCTOBER 2007, WE SIGNIFICANTLY INCREASED OUR REVENUE AND GEOGRAPHIC SCOPE OF OPERATIONS BY ACQUIRING KEYSTONE AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRIES, INC. IN ADDITION, WE REPORTED ANOTHER YEAR OF RECORD FINANCIAL RESULTS.
  The Acquisition of Keystone
We are the leading provider of recycled OEM automotive products in the United States. Prior to the acquisition of Keystone, we were the second largest provider of after- market collision replacement products and the second largest provider of refurbished wheels. We also refurbish and distribute head lamps and tail lamps.
Our goal has been to become a “one-stop”
shop for alternative automotive replacement
parts. The Keystone acquisition moved us
much closer to our goal. Prior to the acquisi-
tion, Keystone was the leading distributor of
aftermarket collision replacement parts in the United States. Keystone also refurbished alloy wheels, recycled chrome-plated and plastic bumpers, and distributed paint and other repair materials.
The combination of LKQ and Keystone made us the clear leader in the alternative automotive replacement parts collision repair industry. The combined company is:
• the largest provider of recycled OEM automotive products
• the largest provider of aftermarket collision replacement products • a significant provider of a variety of complementary products and
services including
- refurbished bumpers
- refurbished alloy and steel wheels
- refurbished head lamps and tail lamps - paint and other repair materials
The process of integrating the Keystone operations into our business is well underway, and we expect to capitalize on many opportunities to save costs and manage our businesses more efficiently. We now have over 300 operating locations that run about 2,400 local delivery routes serving our customers each week- day. We increased the number of our employees from about 4,750 to over 9,000. We have been very impressed with the people of Keystone who have joined the LKQ team and look forward to a strong partnership with them to continue the success of our Company.
Our 2007 Financial Results
We delivered another year of record-breaking financial results.
Your company’s revenue exceeded the billion dollar mark for the first time. Revenue for 2007 was $1.1 billion – a 42.7% increase from 2006. Our 2007 net income increased 48.4% in 2007 to $65.9 million. Our earnings per share in 2007 was $0.55 versus $0.40 a year ago.
Our continued growth was the result of both acquisitions and internal growth. We acquired 11 businesses in 2007 in addition to the Keystone transaction. The 11 acquisitions included seven recycled products businesses, companies, a head and tail lamp refurbishing
two aftermarket
operation, and a business that sources OEM repair parts.
   Left: Joseph M. Holsten, President & CEO; Center: Donald F. Flynn, Chairman; Right: Mark T. Spears, Executive Vice President & CFO
To help finance the Keystone transaction, we obtained a senior secured debt facility with about $765 million of borrowing capacity and we successfully completed a public offering of 23.6 million shares of common stock resulting in approximately $350 million of net proceeds.
The acquisition of Keystone had a minimal effect on our 2007 earnings per share because the deal closed in October 2007. Our primary focus in 2008 will be the integration of Keystone with our Company. With Keystone as a part of LKQ for the entire year, we believe that 2008 has the potential to be another great year.
Of course, we also want to thank our growing family of over 9,000 LKQ team members for their hard work and substantial efforts during the year. Our team has responded in a highly professional manner during a period of substantial change and successfully maintained a solid focus on both customer service as well as stock- holder returns throughout the year and into 2008.
Thank you for your commitment to our Company and our vision. Cordially,
        