  Dear Shareholders:
In 2003, our military forces were engaged in a fierce conflict in Iraq, while in the US, federal, state and local authorities were continuing their work to secure the nation against terrorist threats. L-3 Communications – its employees, products and services – played a major role in sustaining and equipping our troops, as well as helping domestic agencies and local govern- ments meet the difficult challenges they faced after September 11, 2001.
L-3 is proud of its support of the successful missions of the Special Operations Forces (SOF), whose role has been greatly expanded in both Iraq and Afghanistan. One of the key advan- tages the US military had in detecting and eliminating the enemy was its Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) capability, as well as secure data links and systems provided by L-3 for all important manned intelligence aircraft and Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV).
The challenging demands of ongoing operations increased the need for highly trained military personnel, and L-3’s training, simulation and sup- port services dramatically helped to improve combat skills and readiness for our forces. These demands also called for increased aircraft maintenance, sys- tems integration and system upgrades by L-3 to ensure that the military’s exist- ing assets performed at their best.
L-3’s work in ISR and secure communications, as well as precision weaponry products, global positioning equipment and safety and arming devices, enabled precise targeting of enemy assets with minimal collateral damage. There were thousands of L-3 personnel assisting our military forces and hundreds of L-3 products in use, including displays, antennas, satellite
   3
Future for L-3
 
     communications terminals, command and control systems, microwave subsys- tems for radars, precision weapons and guidance systems, telemetry products and electronic wide-area remote securi- ty sensors.
In the area of homeland security, L-3’s eXaminer® 3DX 6000s are hard at work at American airports inspecting checked baggage; the company’s cargo inspection systems are also in operation around the world protecting ports and facilities. L-3’s intrusion detection sys- tems are guarding US borders and US military bases around the world. L-3’s crisis management systems are helping New York City’s anti-terrorism unit, as well as other state and local authorities, defend against threats.
In many ways, L-3 has become a major partner in US efforts to protect and equip its military and its homeland security authorities. This partnership has grown substantially from the compa- ny’s beginnings.
In 1997, L-3 had revenues of $705.4 million and was a product sup- plier of secure communications, avion- ics, telemetry and instrumentation and microwave products. Through internal growth and acquisition, L-3 is now a Fortune 500 company, with over $5 bil- lion in revenues in 2003. The company has evolved into a prime systems con- tractor for secure communications and ISR, training and simulation, govern- ment services and aircraft moderniza- tion and has become the largest and broadest supplier of products for the merchant market in the defense industry.
Strong Results
In 2003, L-3 again demonstrated its commitment to high-performance standards, setting financial records and establishing new milestones. Sales increased to $5,061.6 million from
L-3 Accolades
$4,011.2 million in 2002, a 26.2% increase, including 15.4% organic growth for L-3's defense business (5.4% for all of L-3 including the declines in L-3's explosives detection systems and commercial businesses).
For 2003, operating income rose 28.0% to $581.0 million, increasing from $454.0 million in 2002. Diluted earnings per share for 2003 rose 24.3% to $2.71, from $2.18 (before cumulative effect of a change in accounting princi- ple) in 2002.
In May 2003, L-3 completed an offering of $400.0 million principal amount of 6 1/8% Senior Subordinated Notes and redeemed all outstanding $180.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8 1/2% Senior Subordinated Notes. Later that year, L-3 raised $400.0 million in funds through a private place- ment of Senior Subordinated Notes and called for redemption of all its outstand- ing $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5 1/4% Convertible Senior Subordinated Notes due 2009, substan- tially all of which were converted into L-3 common stock in January 2004. The net proceeds were used to repay indebtedness outstanding under our sen- ior credit facilities and for general cor- porate purposes, including acquisitions.
L-3 generated $377.0 million in free cash flow, compared to $260.0 mil- lion in 2002, an increase of 45.0%. L-3 ended the year with $134.9 million cash on hand and $665.9 million of available borrowings under the company’s bank credit facilities. These funds are avail- able for investments in strategic acquisi- tions and other business opportunities.
It was a banner year for orders at L-3. The company recorded $5,477.4 million in funded orders from all of L-3’s major business areas. Backlog was $3,893.3 million at December 31, 2003.
L-3 closed the year 2003 with a strong balance sheet. The company’s debt to book capitalization was at 48.1% at December 31, 2003 (42.3% after adjusting for the conversion of $300.0 million of 5 1/4% Convertible Notes into common stock in January 2004), com- pared to 44.8% at December 31, 2002.
Acquisitions
During 2003, L-3 made a number of key acquisitions with an aggregate purchase price of $1.0 billion. These companies complemented L-3’s existing operations in three of its four business segments and allowed L-3 to take advan- tage of synergies and offer more prod- ucts, services and added value to cus- tomers.
In Secure Communications and ISR, L-3 added two important compa- nies. Aeromet offers a broad array of services, including electro-optical and infrared (EO/IR) programs for ISR and specialized meteorological applications for key mission areas. The defense and aerospace assets purchased from IPICOM have leadership positions in secure optical data link systems for defense and aerospace applications for a variety of classif ied and unclassif ied customers.
L-3 signif icantly expanded its position in its Aviation Products and Aircraft Modernization segment with key acquisitions. In commercial avia- tion products, L-3 acquired Goodrich Avionics Systems (renamed L-3 Avionics Systems), which supplies a variety of safety-related avionics prod- ucts, including the new SmartDeck® integrated flight control and display sys- tem for the general aviation market. Avionics Systems also offers products for military platforms, such as the Joint Primary Aircraft Training System (JPATS). Despite the slowdown in the overall commercial aviation sector,
  Communication Systems-East’s
Improved Remotely Monitored Battlefield Sensor System (IREM- BASS) has been awarded Government Executive Magazine's 2002 Grace Hopper Government Technology Leadership Award in the category of "Contributing to Advances in Homeland Security and the War on Terrorism."
4
ComCept was awarded a James S. Cogswell Outstanding Industrial Security Achievement Award for 2003. The Defense Security Service estab- lished this award in 1996 as a way to recognize a few of the cleared contrac- tor facilities for outstanding perform- ance in the field of security.
ComCept received the Outstanding Achievement award from the Defense Industry in network-centric warfare from the Institute for Defense and Government Advancement (IDGA). ComCept was selected by a distin- guished panel of experts over a field of strong competitors for its work on the Network-Centric Collaborative Targeting (NCCT) program with the US Air Force's Big Safari Program Office.
Link Simulation and Training’s founder, Ed Link, developer of the first pilot training device in 1929, was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame (NIHF) in Akron, Ohio.
Link received the 2003 Market Leader- ship Award in Military Flight Simula- tion from Frost & Sullivan, a global consulting and market research organi- zation.

     Avionics Systems, with its balanced business mix of military, business and general aviation and air transport prod- ucts, continues to demonstrate solid growth.
With joint-venture partner Vertex Aerospace, L-3 won a major ten-year contract to provide logistics support for US Army aircraft training at Fort Rucker, Alabama. This successful part- nership led L-3 to its largest acquisition of 2003 – Vertex Aerospace, a leading provider of logistics support, modern- ization, maintenance, supply chain man- agement and depot services with a worldwide presence.
L-3 further solidified its position as a leader in aircraft modernization with the acquisition of Bombardier’s Military Aviation Services (MAS). This operation adds to L-3’s other Canadian aircraft modernization company – Spar Aerospace – and provides systems engi- neering support, aircraft modernization and a full range of technical services. With L-3’s Integrated Systems opera- tions and its new subsidiary Vertex, along with Spar and MAS, L-3 is now one of the largest aircraft modernization companies in the world.
In the Specialized Products seg- ment, L-3 added Klein Associates, a leading sensor technology company, which provides high-resolution sonar systems, marine navigation systems and intrusion detection systems. Klein mar- kets to US and international government and military organizations and offshore oil companies, among others. Klein’s products were utilized as the principal sonar sensors in the search for the Titanic, Space Shuttle Challenger, Space Shuttle Columbia and TWA Flight 800.
Prospects for 2004 and Beyond
We at L-3 expect that 2004 will be another solid year for the com- pany. With the post-Cold War transfor-
mation of the military, the US defense budget will continue to be strong well into the future. In an election year and with troops overseas, we believe Congress and the American people will continue to support the DoD's require- ments, as well as future transformation.
In 2006, the president will have the opportunity to reexamine DoD requirements, make decisions on the modernization of existing platforms and determine the survival of new plat- forms. Readiness will continue to be a mandatory funding commitment as well as spiral modernization of current weapons and platforms, regardless of strategic direction.
L-3 is in a position of strength in either a growing or flat defense budget environment. We are teamed on major new start programs in a growth market and we are strongly positioned on legacy programs in a flat market. L-3’s products and services are in the higher growth areas of procurement – ISR, UAVs, pre- cision weapons, training and simulation systems and networked secure communi- cations.
In addition, L-3’s sizeable pres- ence in aircraft modernization will enable the company to take advantage of growth in the Operations and Maintenance segment of the defense budget. Upgrading legacy platforms is one of the DoD’s priorities, not only to ensure military readiness, but to provide an affordable alternative to purchasing larger quantities of expensive new plat- forms.
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) budget in 2004 will be over $36 billion, 7% more than 2003 levels. The focus of its spending will be on securing borders, air transportation and ports, as well as responding to national emergencies. L-3 has the broadest array of key products to protect US citizens and the national infrastruc- ture, including products and systems for
airport, port and maritime security, intrusion detection, crisis management and vehicles for communications, bioterrorism and command and control.
The opportunities for internal growth are significant in the years ahead, as is the pipeline for acquisitions. Throughout its history, L-3 has been very selective in choosing companies with products and systems in high- growth areas of defense spending. In 2004 and beyond, this combination of focused internal growth and opportunis- tic acquisitions will help to deliver dou- ble-digit growth rates and enable L-3 to become even more critical to the US military, as well as federal, state and local homeland security initiatives.
None of this growth would be pos- sible without the effort, dedication and skill of our L-3 workforce. Year after year, they have delivered on their prom- ise to provide excellent value to our cus- tomers and growth to our shareholders and they will continue that commitment in 2004.
Reflecting our confidence in L-3's future growth, the L-3 Board of Directors declared L-3’s first quarterly cash dividend to the company's common stock holders payable on March 15, 2004. This year’s annual report will examine how the company is on course for the future with promising technolo- gies, new programs and future growth opportunities.
Frank C. Lanza
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Robert V. LaPenta
President and Chief Financial Officer
    Display Systems was selected in 2003 as Boeing’s 2002 Supplier of the Year for Aerospace Support.
Display Systems also received the dis- tinguished Preferred Supplier Certification Award from The Boeing Company in recognition of its com- mitment and dedication to continuous business process improvements, on- time delivery, achievements in advanced quality systems, customer satisfaction and affordability.
Security and Detection Systems
received an award in the category of Innovative Security Technology for its VCT30 explosives detection system (EDS). Awarded in Rome, Italy at AVSEC World 2002 – a cooperative forum comprised of government organizations, airlines and airports in the global air transport industry – the VCT30 is the only Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) ARGUS system to receive such an award.
BT Fuze Products was awarded the "We Make a Difference Award" for its Integrated Product Team (IPT) efforts on the M762A1/M767A1 Fuze Program from the US Army's Armament Research, Engineering and Development Center.
Electrodynamics received certification in the Process Validation Program (PVP) from Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Company and retained its certification as a Silver Supplier with The Boeing Company.
ESSCO was honored with a Gold Supplier award from Northrop Grumman Space Technology as a result of the company’s performance on a contract to supply a 100-foot- diameter metal space frame radome.
Space and Navigation has received the Large Business of the Year award from United Space Alliance (USA). This honor is in recognition of the outstanding performance demonstrat- ed on the Space Shuttle program.
