dear fellow shareholders:
L-3 delivered solid performance, innovation and program execution in 2011. We also strengthened
the company’s competitiveness and
enhanced shareholder value.
Delivering value
In the midst of the challenging Department of Defense (DoD) environment, L-3 delivered record diluted earnings per share and strong free cash flow in 2011. Diluted EPS (before Q4 2011 Items of $0.26) was $8.77, up from 2010’s $8.25. The
company also generated free cash flow of $1.298 billion in 2011. Other elements of our 2011 financial performance showed modest declines, as company-wide net sales in 2011 were $15.2 billion, a 3 percent decline from 2010, with growth in our Command, Control, Communications, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (C3ISR) business offset by declines in other L-3 segments. Operating income (before Q4 2011 Items of $43 million) was down 6 percent for the year at $1,641 million, and our book-to-bill ratio was 0.97 at year-end. We returned the majority of our free cash flow to L-3 shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks, increasing our dividend for the seventh consecutive year
and repurchasing 13 million shares of L-3 stock. We have reduced our outstanding weighted average diluted shares
by 16% over the last five years—a testament to our commitment to deploy cash in a disciplined manner to generate
shareholder value. Reflecting confidence in L-3’s future,
our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to
an additional $1.5 billion of L-3 common stock through
April 30, 2013, and increased our dividend rate for 2012.
We also continued to strengthen our balance sheet in 2011, improving our maturity profile and reducing interest costs on our outstanding debt.
Reshaping to strengthen our business
Throughout 2011, we continued to review and reshape our business operations, sharpening our focus and bolstering our capabilities to maintain a competitive advantage in a constantly evolving marketplace.
After completing a comprehensive assessment of our
business units, on July 28, 2011, we announced our plan to
spin off certain businesses from our Government Services segment to create an independent company that will be
publicly traded. Under this plan, the new company will be
a leader in acquisition and engineering services, training programs, and sustainment support for U.S. government operations worldwide.
The new company will be named Engility, combining
the words “engineering” with “agility” to express the unique

combination of strengths it will bring to the marketplace. L-3 will retain the cybersecurity, enterprise information technology and intelligence solutions businesses that are also part of the Government Services segment. The Government Services segment will be renamed National Security
Solutions (NSS) to better reflect its mission going forward.
2 L-3 2011 Annual Report
This transaction will be beneficial to both L-3 and
Engility, enabling the two businesses to more closely align
with customer challenges and priorities in their respective
markets. The separation will free Engility from organizational conflicts of interest (OCI) that constrained it within L-3.
We also believe that it will enable Engility to streamline its
cost structure to more effectively pursue new and existing opportunities and capture share in its addressable markets.
For L-3, the spin-off will enable us to focus on technologybased solutions in areas of increasing customer need. As NSS,
we will be able to better apply our resources to develop nextgeneration offerings and leverage complementary capabilities
through cross-segment collaboration.
In late 2011, we announced an agreement to acquire
the Kollmorgen Electro-Optical (KEO) unit of Danaher
Corporation. This acquisition will bring new customers and proprietary systems to L-3 that will broaden our capabilities,
including submarine photonics systems and periscopes, ship
fire control systems, and visual landing aids. KEO extends
our base in the electro-optical/infrared (EO/IR) market with
products that enhance L-3 content in high-priority areas such
as Virginia-class submarines. This transaction exemplifies
our disciplined, highly selective approach to acquisitions that
enhance our core business mix at attractive prices.
We also added to the strength of our board with the
election of General (R) H. Hugh Shelton. As the 14th Chairman
of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and former commander of the U.S.
Special Operations Command, General Shelton’s broad
strategic perspective on military and global affairs and wealth
of leadership and experience in technology and national
security make him an asset to our organization.
aligned with customer priorities
With the increased budget pressure on the DoD, its “force for
the future” will be smaller, leaner, quick to deploy and technologically advanced. To that end, the DoD is terminating some
programs and implementing efficiency initiatives to reduce
costs. We believe that the savings will be invested in key L-3 strengths, such as C3ISR, EO/IR sensors, special operations, intelligence support and counter-terrorism.
Throughout our company, cross-segment collaboration
is an integral part of our culture, making us more versatile
and agile. Communication and teamwork among L-3’s
different businesses enhance the speed with which we apply
our expertise and allocate resources to develop innovative,

cost-effective solutions.
In our C3ISR business, an excellent example of this is
SPYDR, which leverages the integrated capabilities we
showcased in the highly successful Project Liberty program.
SPYDR is a platform-agnostic airborne intelligence data
collection, processing, exploitation and dissemination system
designed specifically for military and civilian customers who
want a versatile intelligence solution at a disruptive price. While
we are marketing the system to international customers as a
turnkey solution, it is also generating domestic interest.
C3ISR was a major driver of our 2011 results. Our bestin-
class systems enabled us to hold significant market share
in key areas where technical innovation and customer service
are essential. We were awarded a contract to assist the U.S.
Air Force (USAF) with development of next-generation data
link communications. The contract includes multi-spectral
RF equipment, communications waveform development and
security studies for future communications systems. We also
received follow-on work in networked communications systems
for manned and unmanned platforms, airborne ISR logistics
support and fleet management services for the DoD.
As NSS, we will place greater emphasis on high-performance
computing and cybersecurity, analytics, information
technology and intelligence services and solutions. In October,
we announced that L-3 had joined Virginia Tech as an industry
partner in the Security and Software Engineering Research
Center (S2ERC), established with a grant from the National
Science Foundation. Our participation in the S2ERC is part
of our strategy to facilitate the development of next-generation
cybersecurity solutions.
New business wins during 2011 included a contract to
provide distributed computing management services to the
U.S. Special Operations Command and a key recompetition
to establish and maintain the DoD-wide intelligence
infrastructure under the Joint Deployable Intelligence
Support System program. We also surpassed a performance
milestone as a prime contractor in support of the U.K.’s highpriority
Integrated Broadcast Service program, achieving the
project’s in-service date within budget and ahead of schedule.
Throughout our company, crosssegment
collaboration is an integral
part of our culture, making us more
versatile and agile.
L-3 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 3
L-3’s AM&M business segment gained market share in
2011 by offering cost-effective solutions for customers looking to maintain their fleets in a budget-constrained environment. Competitive wins from 2011 included a follow-on program to provide aircraft sustainment services for the U.S. Navy’s fleet of P-3, EP-3 and NP-3 aircraft, and a contract for modification, operation and maintenance of special-purpose aircraft that

utilize complex EO/IR sensors under the U.S. Missile Defense Agency’s Airborne Sensor program. We were also recognized with the 2011 Materiel Readiness Award from the Army Aviation Association of America. This prestigious honor is awarded
to defense contractors making outstanding contributions to the warfighter. We are honored to have received this recognition.
Our Electronic Systems segment continued to build upon
L-3’s technology leadership with a contract for 3.9-meter Quad Band Large Aperture Antennas for the USAF. These antennas will be deployed with Ground Multi-band Terminals to provide worldwide tactical SATCOM capability for our warfighters.
L-3 is the prime contractor for the USAF C-17 Training System, its largest airlift transport training program. We also won a recompetition for the F-16 Training System to provide pilot and maintenance training device support for the USAF. L-3 is now providing all F-16 pilot and maintenance training support for USAF locations around the world, in addition to Foreign Military Sales (FMS) customers Bahrain, Greece and Jordan. L-3
also received an order from the U.S. Transportation Security Administration for 300 additional millimeter wave ProVision® systems featuring our Automatic Target Detection software
that eliminates privacy concerns for travelers. Deployments are under way, with over 900 systems in use or on order worldwide. L-3 sells a wide range of solutions to international
customers. In addition to aviation and cargo security, we see opportunities in commercial shipbuilding, aviation products and VIP aircraft modification. In FMS, the demand for manned and unmanned airborne ISR is particularly strong.
Our wins in 2011 demonstrate L-3’s continued focus on
quality of service and speed of response to customer needs.
A POSITIVE FORCE IN OUR COMMUNITIES
L-3 is committed to being a responsible and ethical corporate citizen. As an aerospace and defense contractor, we are part of an industry that contributes more than a million highly skilled jobs to local economies. We are a major employer of former military personnel and are committed to veterans’ issues as a member of the Employer Partnership of the Armed Forces and a proud supporter of the Fisher House Foundation, Homes for Our Troops and the Wounded Warrior Project. From board membership in key organizations to strategic partnerships with leading research universities, we are supporting education and diversity in science, technology, engineering and math—critical needs in our nation and industry today. Across the organization, L-3 divisions make significant contributions to their local communities every day.
A HEALTHY, DIVERSE COMPANY
THAT IS POSITIONED FOR THE FUTURE
L-3 remains well-positioned to successfully compete, build
our business and deliver shareholder value. We are focused on customer priorities, growing market share through disruptive, cost-effective solutions, demonstrated program performance

and collaboration across L-3. We will continue to aggressively manage our costs and streamline our infrastructure, while maintaining our disciplined, balanced approach to capital allocation and value creation.
Although the uncertainty surrounding future DoD budgets
is yet to be resolved, one thing remains clear: the threats to national and global security are not decreasing. The U.S. defense industry has provided the products and expertise to make our military the strongest and most technologically advanced in the world—an advantage our nation cannot afford to compromise. Budget pressures on the DoD notwithstanding, we are
confident that several of the key areas of investment in the defense budget are where L-3 is strongest. The foresight and strategic vision—the situational awareness—of our management team and solid execution by our employees across the globe put us where we are today and will drive our success going forward. Sincerely,
Michael T. Strianese
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
