  To Our Shareholders
In 2012, Eli Lilly and Company completed one of the most challenging yet encouraging years in its 136-year history. Expiration of our Zyprexa® patents in the U.S. and Europe in late 2011 pushed down our sales and earnings. At the same time, we began to see the first shoots of our innovation strategy emerge.
One promising area of Lilly research—our work to combat Alzheimer’s disease—is highlighted in this report. The pages following this letter provide a glimpse into the medical challenge and human need that compel Lilly scientists to devote their careers to fighting this scourge. The progress they’ve made in
understanding Alzheimer’s disease and develop- ing potential treatments is just one of the fruits of important research at Lilly in neuroscience, cancer, diabetes, autoimmunity, and other areas. It also clearly illustrates why our company remains firmly committed to pioneering R&D.
Of course, to support the investment necessary to maintain our innovation strategy, we must deliver consistently strong financial performance. In my let- ter, I’ll focus on how we’re carrying out the plan we laid out several years ago to meet the challenge posed by expiring patents and return to sustained growth.
2

  Our Plan and 2012 Results
John C. Lechleiter, Ph.D., Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer (center),
meets with Lilly scientists and team leaders who have played instrumental roles in the discovery and development of solanezumab.
With John are (seated, left to
right) Richard Mohs, Ph.D., Early-Phase Clinical Leader and Distinguished Research Fellow, Neuroscience Research; Hong Liu-Seifert, Ph.D., Research Advisor, Global Statistical Sciences and Advanced Analytics; Eric Siemers, M.D., Senior Director— Medical, Alzheimer’s Disease Team; (standing, left to right) Jirong Lu, Research Fellow, Biotechnology Discovery Research; Phyllis Barkman Ferrell, Global Brand Development Leader, Alzheimer’s Disease Team; Ronald DeMattos, Ph.D., Research Fellow, Neuroscience Discovery.
These talented individuals epitomize Lilly expertise in Alzheimer’s research and development, and they represent hundreds of Lilly colleagues devoted to achieving progress against this devastating disease.
Achieving our financial goals enables us to oper-
ate our business effectively, to continue to advance our pipeline, and to provide returns to shareholders by maintaining our dividend at least at its current level, and by repurchasing shares.
In 2012, although our total revenue and earnings declined due to the Zyprexa patent losses, we exceeded our threshold performance goals through growth of other products. Revenue was $22.6 billion, a decline of 7 percent from 2011. Excluding Zyprexa, the rest of our worldwide revenue grew 6 percent for the year.
We firmly controlled costs while investing in R&D to replenish and advance our pipeline. Our financial performance allowed us to repurchase Lilly shares while maintaining the dividend. And for the second year in a row, we generated total shareholder returns in the mid-20 percent range. (See graph on page 1.)
Going forward, we’ll continue to focus on the three strategic priorities that have guided our efforts thus far:
• Driving strong performance of our marketed brands and key growth areas,
• Increasing productivity and reducing our cost structure, and
• Advancing the pipeline.
Let me provide a more extensive review of Lilly’s accomplishments in 2012 in each of these areas.
Driving Strong Performance
In 2012, eight of our products, plus our Elanco animal health business, exceeded $1 billion in sales. Three key products—Cymbalta®, Forteo®, and Effient®—achieved double-digit growth, as did Elanco. And we continued to pursue new indications and line extensions to sustain growth across our portfolio.
We launched AmyvidTM—a first-of-its-kind diagnostic for patients with cognitive impairment who are be-
ing evaluated for Alzheimer’s disease—in the U.S. We received approval in Europe early this year, and we’re working to gain approvals in Japan and select emerging markets. Also in 2012, we gained the first simultaneous approval for a Lilly medicine with a companion diag- nostic, when Erbitux® was approved in the U.S. for the treatment of first-line metastatic colorectal cancer along with a diagnostic test that identifies patients best suited for the treatment.
In other approvals last year, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and European Commission (EC) both approved Jentadueto®—which combines Tradjenta® and metformin in a single pill—and both also approved Tradjenta as add-on therapy to insulin. The FDA ap- proved Alimta® as a maintenance therapy following
At our investor conference in December 2009, we described how the entry of generic competition for Zyprexa in key markets beginning in 2011 would usher in a period when we lose patent protection for several of our largest products.
We outlined several important financial goals for this so-called “YZ” period, 2012 to 2014. We said for every year during YZ, we would achieve revenue of at least
$20 billion, net income of at least $3 billion, and operat- ing cash flow of at least $4 billion.
We also stated that after this period we would resume growth by launching a significant portion of our Phase III pipeline.
3

 first-line Alimta plus cisplatin for locally advanced or metastatic nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer. We gained new indications for Cymbalta, Zyprexa, Strattera®, and Erbitux in Japan. And the EC approved Cialis® for once-daily use for benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH), or enlarged prostate.
In addition, the U.S. Court of Appeals upheld Alimta’s compound patent expiring January
2017, and we gained an additional
six months of market exclusivity for
Cymbalta in the U.S.—to December 2013—after meeting the FDA’s requirements for pediatric exclusivity.
A further source of revenue growth came from three important growth areas—emerging markets, Japan, and Elanco Animal Health.
In 2012, China led emerging mar- kets with growth of 27 percent, mostly from increased volume. Overall, emerging markets revenue declined
4 percent—following 10 percent growth in 2011—due mainly to patent expirations in key countries like Brazil and Mexico. Excluding generic entry and the impact of foreign exchange, emerging markets growth was
11 percent.
In Japan, revenue grew 7 percent in 2012—despite government-mandated price cuts that trimmed our revenue growth by 7 percent.
Elanco revenue increased by 21 percent—growing at more than three times the rate of the animal health industry—and crossed $2 billion in revenue for the
first time. Five key acquisitions over the past five years, including Janssen Animal Health in 2011 and ChemGen in 2012, have augmented strong internal growth, while serving to expand our presence in Europe and establish a foothold in vaccines.
Increasing Productivity
The negative impact of our patent expirations, coupled with challenging market conditions, requires us to address our cost structure, both to weather YZ and to position our company for long-term success.
After cutting projected costs by more than $1 billion between 2009 and 2011, we aim to reduce our costs further and to improve productivity across the enterprise. We’ve taken significant steps to rein in discretionary spending and to change the way we operate—includ-
ing, for example, reorganizing our business in Europe in 2012. We’ll continue to use Six Sigma—which has
produced a cumulative value of $3 billion since 2005— and other tools to drive further efficiencies.
In 2012, as a result of our cost-containment efforts, total operating expenses—the sum of R&D and market- ing, selling, and administrative (MS&A) expenses— declined 1 percent. A reduction of 5 percent in MS&A expenses offset increased R&D expenses, which rose
4
page 10.)
5 percent to 23 percent of total revenue due to late-stage clinical trial costs.
Following the YZ period, we expect to return to levels of R&D spending more consistent with our historical averages, in the range of
18 percent to 20 percent of revenue. Further, within a few years after 2014, we expect that MS&A expenses will move more into line with industry averages, in the range of 28 to 30 percent of revenue.
Advancing the Pipeline
Even as we focus on generating new revenue and controlling expenses to compensate for patent losses, our top priority is advancing our pipeline. We continue to make good progress. (See
 Key Growth Contributors to 2012 Revenue
($ in millions represent growth in revenue, percent growth)
Four products and a product line—Cymbalta, Forteo, Effient, Alimta, and Animal Health—generated revenue growth of approximately
$1.7 billion during 2012 over 2011. This growth was driven primarily by volume increases.
      In 2005, we had a total of seven assets in Phase II and Phase III. Today, we have 13 molecules in Phase III alone—11 of which originate in our own laboratories, including ImClone—and nearly two dozen additional molecules in Phase II, comprising a good mix of both small molecules and biologics.
Our Phase III portfolio includes:
• two candidates in neuroscience—solanezumab
and edivoxetine—after Phase III development of pomaglumetad methionil for schizophrenia was terminated in midyear;
• four in diabetes—dulaglutide, empagliflozin, our new insulin glargine product, and our novel basal insulin; • three in oncology—ramucirumab, necitumumab, and
enzastaurin;
• three autoimmune candidates—the oral JAK1/JAK2
inhibitor baricitinib, which moved into Phase III in
late 2012, along with ixekizumab and tabalumab; • and evacetrapib, our CETP inhibitor, for which a
Phase III trial in high-risk vascular disease was initi- ated in 2012.
Let me briefly review progress in 2012 for several of these potential medicines:
Cymbalta Total Animal Health Forteo Effient Alimta
$832.3 +20%
$357.6 +21% $201.2 +21%
$154.7 +51% $133.2 +5%

 Last August, we announced top-line results from two Phase III trials of solanezumab in patients with mild-to- moderate Alzheimer’s disease. While primary endpoints, both cognitive and functional, were not met in either trial, a pre-specified secondary analysis of pooled data in patients with mild Alzheimer’s disease showed a statisti- cally significant 34 percent slowing of decline in the treated group compared to those who
received placebo.
In December, we announced that we plan to conduct an additional Phase III study of solanezumab in patients with mild Alzheimer’s disease, which we expect to initiate no later than
the third quarter of this year. We are excited about the solanezumab results, and we will continue to analyze and discuss the data from the two com- pleted studies with global regulators. (See page 8 for more information.)
In October, Lilly announced posi-
tive top-line results of three completed
Phase III trials for dulaglutide, our
GLP-1 analog being studied as a once-
weekly treatment for type 2 diabetes.
Dulaglutide demonstrated statistically
superior reductions in HbA1c com-
pared to exenatide twice-daily injection
at 26 weeks; metformin at 26 weeks; and sitagliptin at 52 weeks.
Baricitinib entered Phase III testing in the fall of 2012 after Lilly and our partner Incyte announced positive results of a Phase IIb trial in patients with active rheumatoid arthritis. In addition, The New England Jour- nal of Medicine published results of the positive Phase II trial in psoriasis of our anti-IL-17 monoclonal antibody ixekizumab.
In January 2013, Lilly and Boehringer Ingelheim announced topline results for four completed Phase III clinical trials for empagliflozin, an investigational SGLT- 2 inhibitor for type 2 diabetes. In all four studies, the primary efficacy endpoint—defined as change in HbA1c from baseline compared to placebo—was met with empagliflozin 10 mg and 25 mg taken once daily.
Finally, early this year we presented the first Phase III data for ramucirumab, our VEGFR-2 antibody from ImClone. As a single agent in patients with second-line metastatic gastric cancer—for which there are now no treatments specifically approved in the U.S. and Europe— ramucirumab met its primary endpoint of improved overall survival and also showed prolonged progression- free survival. We intend to submit for regulatory approval in the U.S. and Europe in 2013.
Reaffirming Our Strategy and Commitment
The data disclosed this past year—notably Phase III
data on solanezumab, ramucirumab, dulaglutide, and empa- gliflozin, as well as Phase II data on baricitinib, ixekizumab, and our novel basal insulin—reaffirm our confidence in, and commitment to, our innovation-based strategy.
During 2013, we expect to have new data from Phase III trials—much of which will be presented at scientific meetings—on eight of our 13 Phase III assets. We also anticipate submitting as many as five Phase III candidates for regulatory approval. Potential filings include three in diabetes—dulaglutide, empagliflozin, and our new insulin glargine product—and two in oncol- ogy—ramucirumab as monotherapy for second-line gastric cancer, as well as enzastaurin.
In sum, while there is a lag between our patent expirations and the next wave of new product launches, we have built the strongest pipeline in our history. We believe our focus on the pipeline represents the right path for Lilly, and our recent performance gives us increasing confidence in our ability
to execute our innovation strategy, to navigate through this challenging period, and to return to growth in the years ahead.
I am proud of what Lilly people and our many partners accomplished together in 2012, and I’m excited about our prospects for 2013 and beyond. While there remain plenty of challenges ahead, we clearly have the wherewithal to meet and overcome these challenges.
My confidence in saying this begins with our Lilly people. I have the good fortune to work alongside thousands of talented and dedicated colleagues. I especially want to recognize and thank two members of our Executive Commit- tee who retired at the end of 2012—Bob Armitage and Anne Nobles—for their combined 35 years of outstanding service to our company.
I hope that you, our Lilly shareholders, will take pride in the continued progress of your company in pursuit of our mission to help people live longer, healthier, more active lives. I thank you for your support.
For the Board of Directors,
John C. Lechleiter
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
 Revenue Per Employee
($ thousands, percent growth)
In 2012, revenue per employee decreased
8 percent to $590,000, due primarily to a 7 percent decrease in revenue as the result of the Zyprexa patent loss.
      08 09 10 11 12
 5
$504 +10% $540 +7%
$602 +11% $638 +6%
$590 -8%
