 To Our Shareholders
For Eli Lilly and Company, 2008 was a year of transition and transformation.
Our solid financial performance, driven by volume- based sales growth, improved gross margins, and better productivity, allowed us to make important investments to advance our pipeline of promising molecules, to resolve much of the uncertainty surrounding product liti- gation, and to complete several strategic business develop- ment transactions, including the acquisition of ImClone Systems—the largest acquisition in Lilly history.
Transformation is not optional. The economic down- turn only added to the challenges facing the pharmaceuti- cal industry—including pressure on pricing and access,
a drought in research, and regulatory uncertainty. At the same time, we have unprecedented opportunities to ad- dress unmet patient needs. Lilly enters 2009 with more molecules in clinical development than ever before—and an unwavering commitment to deliver improved out- comes for individual patients.
This has also been a year of transition. I succeeded Sidney Taurel as CEO in April and as chairman on Janu- ary 1, 2009. In my new responsibilities, I retain a pro- found sense of optimism about Lilly’s future—grounded in a realistic assessment of the challenges we face and the difficult nature of the task ahead.
REVIEW OF 2008
Sales and financial results
Throughout 2008, we advanced Lilly’s transformation by executing on our operational and strategic priorities.
Reported sales grew 9 percent, driven primarily by a 5 percent increase in volume. For the first time, we sur- passed $20 billion in revenue, with eight products—and our Elanco animal health business—exceeding $1 billion in annual sales. According to data from IMS Health, Lilly has moved into the top 10 companies in worldwide phar- maceutical sales.
As a result of certain significant charges, we reported a net loss of $2.07 billion, or $1.89 per share, for 2008, compared with 2007 net income of $2.95 billion and earnings per share of $2.71. The company recorded total charges of $4.73 billion related to the acquisition of ImClone Systems, and $1.42 billion related to Zyprexa® investigations by the United States Attorney for the East- ern District of Pennsylvania (EDPA) and multiple states— which I’ll discuss below. On a pro forma non-GAAP basis, excluding significant items totaling $5.91 per share, earn- ings rose 14 percent to $4.02 per share.
Strong volume sales, coupled with discipline on expenses and continued productivity gains, allowed us
to generate over $7 billion in operating cash flow. These results give us the benefit of a strong financial position just when we need it most—to make the necessary invest- ments in our pipeline and in the company’s broader trans- formation. We aim to sustain solid operating performance as we prepare for the full impact of patent expirations beginning in late 2011, a period we call “Years YZ.”
Commercial and regulatory overview
In 2008, we experienced three quarters of double-digit, volume-driven sales growth that was broad-based across many brands and regions. Unfortunately, in the fourth quarter we saw a slowdown in total sales growth and vol- ume growth. In addition, as the dollar strengthened late in the year, exchange rates turned from a benefit to a drag on our sales line.
For the full year, products launched this decade— Alimta®, Byetta®, Cialis®, Cymbalta®, Forteo®, Strattera®, Symbyax®, Xigris®, and YentreveTM—collectively grew
22 percent on a reported basis, to $7.31 billion, and accounted for 36 percent of total sales, compared with 32 percent of total sales in 2007. (For individual product performance, please see page 15.)
In 2008, we set the stage for continued growth in our marketed products with the approval and launch of new indications and line extensions. These included: Alimta for first-line treatment of non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer in the U.S. and Europe; Cymbalta for fibromyalgia in the U.S. and for generalized anxiety disorder in Europe; Cialis for once-daily use in the U.S.; and the Humalog KwikPenTM in the U.S., Japan, and select international mar- kets. ZypadheraTM—a long-acting formulation of Zyprexa— received final approval in Europe late last year, and we are currently launching in the first several markets.
In addition, we submitted, among others: Alimta for the maintenance treatment of non-squamous non-small cell lung cancer in the U.S. and Europe; Cialis for pulmo- nary arterial hypertension in the U.S., Europe, and Japan; and Byetta for monotherapy in the U.S.
As this report went to press, we received good news in Europe on prasugrel, the antiplatelet agent we
 Eight Products Exceed $1 Billion in Net Sales
($ millions)
Eight products and one product line—Zyprexa, Cymbalta, Humalog, Gemzar, Cialis, Alimta, Animal Health, Evista, and Humulin— exceeded $1 billion in 2008.
At $1.15 billion in sales, Alimta reached “blockbuster” status in its fifth year on the market.
$5,000
$4,000
$3,000
$2,000
$1,000
               0
  2
Zyprexa Cymbalta Humalog
$4,696
Gemzar Cialis Alimta Animal Health Evista Humulin Forteo Strattera
$1,720 $1,445
$779 $580
$1,155 $1,093 $1,076 $1,063
$1,736
$2,697
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

 John C. Lechleiter, Ph.D.
  Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
During a hospital visit in the fall of 2005, a pediatric endocrinologist approached John Lechleiter and expressed a need for an insulin pen that could administer Humalog® dosesinsmallincrementsforchildren.Uponreturningtotheoffice, Dr. Lechleiter relayed this customer feedback to the device development team, and on April 1, 2007, the HumaPen® Luxura HDTM, a reusable insulin pen that doses in half-unit increments from 1 to 30 units, was launched in the United States.
Pictured with Dr. Lechleiter are Mark Wiley and his daughter, Paige, who are featured on the cover, as well as members of the team who responded to the challenge and successfully delivered an answer that matters for patients like Paige who have diabetes. From left to right: Thomas Wallbank, Keith Johns, Stuart Garvin, Alison Dodd, Jim Mattler, Chris Mitchener, Tim Kruse, Leeann Chambers, Jay Harper, Aubrey Lehman, and Tom Gorgol.
3
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

    Products Launched This Decade Have Driven Our Sales Growth
($ millions)
Combined net sales of our products launched this decade—Alimta, Byetta, Cialis, Cymbalta, Forteo, Symbyax, Xigris, and Yentreve— increased by
22 percent over 2007, representing $7.3 billion, or 36 percent of total net sales, compared with
$6.0 billion, or 32 percent in 2007. Combined net sales of Evista, Gemzar, Humalog, and Humulin increased 9 percent to $5.6 billion and represented 27 percent of sales. Zyprexa sales decreased
1 percent in 2008.
Products Launched This Decade
$20,000
$15,000
$10,000
$5,000
                       Alimta, Byetta, Cialis, Cymbalta, Forteo, Xigris, Strattera, Symbyax, and Yentreve Other Established Products Evista, Gemzar, Humalog, and Humulin
Zyprexa 0 Other
04 05 06 07 08
    co-developed with Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited. The European Commission (EC) approved prasugrel
for the prevention of atherothrombotic events in patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS) under- going percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). EC approval authorizes Lilly and Daiichi Sankyo to co- promote Efient®—the approved European trademark for prasugrel—in 30 countries, including the 27 members of the European Union.
In the U.S., on February 3, 2009, an advisory com- mittee of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) voted unanimously that prasugrel should be approved for the treatment of ACS patients undergoing PCI. The FDA
is not bound by the committee’s recommendation but takes its advice into consideration when reviewing new drug applications. We will continue to work closely with the FDA as the agency moves toward final action on prasugrel. In addition, we have initiated a Phase III clini- cal trial for prasugrel in the treatment of ACS patients who are being medically managed.
Business development
After investing $3 billion in acquisitions and in-li- censed molecules in 2007, we accelerated the pace of invest- ment in 2008. This past year, we made three acquisitions:
• Our Elanco animal health business acquired world- wide rights to the dairy cow supplement Posilac®, as well as supporting operations, from Monsanto.
• We also acquired SGX Pharmaceuticals, a biotech company based in San Diego that provides impor- tant tools for our drug discovery efforts.
• And of course, on November 24, we completed our purchase of ImClone Systems.
With ImClone, we simultaneously accelerated our emergence as both a biotech and cancer powerhouse. We gained ImClone’s pipeline of biotech molecules—includ- ing three oncology candidates expected to be in Phase III
trials in 2009—as well as its state-of-the-art manufactur- ing facility.
As part of our ongoing transformation into a leaner, more flexible organization, we entered a 10-year service agreement with Covance, a global drug development ser- vices firm and longtime Lilly partner, to provide preclini- cal toxicology work and perform additional clinical trials for Lilly. As part of this agreement, Covance purchased our Greenfield Laboratories site, where it serves Lilly and other clients.
And throughout 2008, we continued to advance Lilly’s pipeline through external collaborations and in-licensing. All of these moves strengthen our business and our pipe- line, and we intend to continue an aggressive pace.
Resolution of Zyprexa investigations
In January 2009, Lilly announced that we had resolved certain investigations of past Zyprexa marketing and pro- motional practices. As part of the resolution, Lilly pleaded guilty to one misdemeanor violation of federal law for the off-label promotion of Zyprexa between September 1999 and March 2001. In addition, we entered into federal and state civil settlement agreements and committed to under- take a set of defined corporate integrity obligations. As I noted earlier, we took a charge in 2008 in connection with these investigations, and that charge was sufficient to cover the payments under the agreements announced in January.
The company deeply regrets the past actions covered by this misdemeanor plea. We realize that we have a tremendous responsibility to patients, and we strive to live up to that responsibility every day in every interac- tion. Doing the right thing is non-negotiable at Lilly, and I remain personally committed to seeing that our company maintains the highest standards of conduct.
Now let me turn to the future.
OUTLOOK
A challenging environment demands value
Today, Lilly is operating from a position of consider- able strength as we transform our business to succeed in a very difficult external environment.
As we deal with the pressures on our industry and the broader upheaval in the global economy, we also face our own particular challenges in the advent of Years YZ.
At the same time, we see tremendous opportunities rooted in recent scientific advances that counter many of the challenges we face. We’ve set our sights on delivering more of the thing that is in the shortest supply in health care markets—and the thing that policymakers are often looking for as well.
In a word, it’s value.
Our customers—patients, physicians, and payers alike—want to get the economic and therapeutic value of medicines, without so much trial and error, and waste. They want to experience the value, in particular, of more
4
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

predictable benefit and less risk of side effects. This in turn requires that we deliver more knowledge about the right dose of the right medicine matched to the right patient at the right time.
Lilly’s strategy follows from this: We aim to create value for our stakeholders by accelerating the flow of in- novative medicines that provide improved outcomes for individual patients.
The pipeline is our top priority
The lifeblood of our business is our pipeline, and our future success depends, as it always has, upon our ability to discover and develop innovative new medicines that help people live longer, healthier, and more active lives.
Owing both to acquisitions and to the increased pro- ductivity of our own labs, the current list of compounds in some stage of human testing at Lilly is larger and more exciting than at any time in the history of the company. In 2008, Lilly Research Laboratories moved 17 new mol- ecules into clinical testing. As of January 31, 2009, we had 60 molecules in the clinic—double the number at the end of 2006—including a record 23 compounds in Phase II and Phase III.
Our pipeline focuses on a number of important unmet medical needs:
• We continue to develop potential new medicines for endocrine and metabolic disorders, including diabe- tes, obesity, and osteoporosis, as well as cardiovascu- lar diseases, including acute coronary syndrome and atherosclerosis.
• In neuroscience, we’re pursuing molecules in Alzheimer’s disease, schizophrenia, multiple sclerosis, pain, and alcohol abuse.
• In oncology, we are pursuing therapies for a wide range of cancers, as well as for supportive care.
• And we have a growing pipeline of emerging oppor- tunities in chronic inflammation and autoimmune diseases.
Of course, attrition is an expected part of drug devel- opment, an inherently risky endeavor. While our attrition rates in 2008 were generally low, we terminated our AIR® Inhaled Insulin program, which was being conducted in partnership with Alkermes, Inc.
In sum, we continue to build a pipeline that we be- lieve will meet the challenges of the next decade, provid- ing a steady flow of high-value medicines by 2013.
Elements of our broader strategy
Five key areas of focus will support and enable Lilly’s strategy.
The first is a commitment to being more patient centered and customer focused—a commitment that will leave no part of Lilly untouched. Being patient centered means, among other things, transforming the work of our labs to produce what we call “tailored therapies”—an
essential component of personalized medicine. We’re increasingly able to identify the patients who will—or won’t—benefit from a particular medicine.
We’re also changing how we interact with customers. Last summer, we launched an entirely new sales model in Ohio and Wisconsin, which we hope to expand soon to the rest of the U.S. We’re providing our sales representatives with new training and tools to respond to what doctors tell us they’re looking for—deeper disease and product knowl- edge, access to relevant information, meaningful dialogue, and quick answers to specific customer questions.
A second focus is a more aggressive and deliberate move into biotechnology. By the measure of sales of our current bio-products, including our insulins, we’re already the fifth-largest biotech company in the world. Our ambi- tion is to make biotech products an even more prominent part of our total mix.
While Lilly has had a long and distinguished history in biotechnology, our more recent strategic investments in biotech—including our acquisition of ImClone—are literally transforming our pipeline. Nearly half of our pipeline in Phase II or Phase III is comprised of biologics.
We’re virtually unique among existing biopharma- ceutical companies in that we’ve been able to combine deep, therapeutic knowledge in targeted disease areas with the capability of generating potential biotech solutions alongside more traditional, chemistry-based work. A good example is in the high-stakes fight against Alzheimer’s disease. Lilly currently is developing both a chemical compound and a biotech antibody targeting this unmet medical need.
A third set of changes, in support of our strategy, has to do with reshaping the way we work and operate. In addi- tion to our Six Sigma efforts, we also completed in 2008 a company-wide effort to reduce the layers of management between me and the person on the shop floor, and to give our managers broader spans of control.
But what’s really taking center stage is our transition from being a fully integrated pharmaceutical company, or FIPCO, to the model that we’re calling FIPNet—a fully integrated pharmaceutical network. FIPNet consists of an increasing number of highly sophisticated partnerships across all areas of our business. Lilly provides high-level coordination, investment, and assets to which other orga- nizations can add value.
We can point to many successful examples of FIPNet that we are implementing today: our virtual platform for getting new molecules to proof of concept, called Cho- rus; a new joint venture, called Vanthys, that extends the Chorus model in the emerging Indian marketplace; our systems biology hub in Singapore; our chemistry synthe- sis work in Shanghai; our risk-sharing deals with Indian biopharmaceutical companies; and our shift of signifi- cant, early-stage development work to Covance.
And the examples are multiplying, enabling us to access critical resources around the globe, and to expand
5
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

 the range of opportunities to discover and develop new medicines.
The fourth plank of our strategy deals with globaliza- tion, steadily increasing the share of Lilly’s sales derived
in the world’s fastest-growing markets. Going forward, we aim to expand our presence in China and Russia, along with Brazil, India, Korea, Mexico, Turkey, and others. Japan and China, in particular, offer us the possibility of counter- cyclical growth to offset revenue losses in Years YZ.
And the relationships and market familiarity that we gain through this sales expansion will further enhance and support our FIPNet efforts—and vice versa.
The fifth and final component of Lilly’s strategy is prudent diversification.
I want to be clear that we do not intend to stray from our core business of human pharmaceuticals. Within that rubric, however, it’s in Lilly’s best interests to remain open to new therapeutic areas as well as new or comple- mentary technology.
We aim to make the most of our Elanco animal health business, whose growing sales and expansion into the companion animal market could not be coming at a better time. We’ll look to further strengthen our position in oncology, where Lilly has become a key player very quickly. And our tailoring efforts mean that we will re- main alert to business development opportunities arising from the convergence among pharmaceuticals, medical devices, and diagnostic medicine.
Earning trust through corporate citizenship
Ultimately, our future depends on the trust of the pa- tients, physicians, and payers who use, prescribe, and pay for our products. We have to earn that trust every day. So no discussion of our future would be complete without ad- dressing our commitment to strong corporate citizenship.
Transparency: We’ve learned that the best way to build trust is by letting people see for themselves what we’re doing. We’ve been leaders in transparency, going back to the industry’s first voluntary registry of clinical trial data in 2004. This past September, in another industry first, we announced plans to voluntarily disclose our payments to doctors for any speaking and consulting services they provide, beginning later this year.
Lilly was also actively involved in efforts by the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), which resulted in a revised code for company interactions with health care professionals and strength- ened PhRMA’s guiding principles for direct-to-consumer advertising about prescription medicines.
Patient Safety: We’re also working to build consumers’ trust in the safety of the medicines they take. An example: In October, we introduced a color differentiation system for insulin products marketed in the U.S. and Europe, in- cluding vials, pens, and individual packaging for Humalog
and Humulin. These safety measures help patients, physi- cians, pharmacists, and other health care professionals accurately identify prescribed insulin and avoid mix-ups.
Philanthropy: Lilly has consistently ranked among the nation’s most charitable companies. There’s no better example of our commitment than our program to fight multidrug-resistant tuberculosis—the Lilly MDR-TB Partnership created in 2003. We’ve also launched efforts to improve outcomes for people with diabetes. These include our donation of life-saving insulin for children in sub-Saharan Africa, through the International Diabetes Federation’s “Life for a Child” program, and our “FACE Diabetes” outreach to African-Americans to help them manage this potentially devastating disease.
Our company and our employees continue to give back to the communities in which we have a presence.
In 2008, this commitment led us to start the record-setting Lilly Global Day of Service—and more than 20,000 em- ployees participated in service projects around the world. Our next Global Day of Service is set for May 20, 2009, and we intend to make it an annual event.
I can offer only a cursory look at our efforts here, but a full accounting is provided in our 2008 Lilly Corporate Responsibility Report, available online at www.lilly.com.
In closing, I want to thank my predecessor, Sidney Taurel, for his 37 years of service to our company, as well as his wisdom and counsel to me before and during our seamless leadership transition. He leaves behind a very strong business that is today transforming itself from a position of strength.
I also want to express my gratitude to my Lilly col- leagues. My strength and spirits are sustained, time and again, by their dedication to this great enterprise and to those whom we serve. A poignant example of that dedica- tion is featured in this report. I’m proud to be associated with the team whose photograph graces this letter—and the Lilly team around the world. In a time of unprec- edented challenge and transformation, I have never been more excited about Lilly’s future.
For the Board of Directors,
John C. Lechleiter
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
 6
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
