tO OUr stOcKHOlDers
Fiscal 2006 was a transformational year for Legg Mason.
As most of you know, this year our firm completed two transactions that enabled us to double our assets under management, dramatically expand our global footprint, and further diversify our asset management expertise with some potentially important new asset classes, markets and distribution channels.
Moreover, because our transaction with Citigroup was essentially a swap of businesses—we acquired virtually all of Citigroup’s asset management business worldwide and they acquired what had been our Private Client and Capital Markets businesses1—we are now one of the largest independent asset management firms in the world, focused entirely on asset management.
Although much is new about Legg Mason this year, far more remains the same:
• Our mission is unchanged. We aim to be, and be regarded as, one of the best asset management firms in the world.
• The central tenet of our management philosophy, which we believe has been fundamental to our performance to date, remains the same. We rigorously support and protect the independence of the investment process of each of our managers. We cannot achieve growth over the long term without a consistent record of above-market investment performance over the long term.
• Our focus on the long term remains the same. Although we recognize that the complexities of our transaction with Citigroup, including the integration and product rationalization processes that are now underway, make it difficult to make apples-to-apples comparisons of our current operating results with our results in prior periods, we have never managed to the short term. Our focus has always been on the long-term interests of our clients, and through them our stockholders and employees, and we have retained the same operating philosophy that has been a hallmark of our operations to date: a consistent focus on the long term, a minimum of bureaucracy, a collegial environment, a belief that the infrastructure for growth must be firmly established before growth itself can be sought, a belief that it is very difficult to regain a lost reputation, a conservative balance sheet, and an emphasis on free cash flow.
• Finally, our business model remains the same. We are performance-driven, striving to be best-in- class. We believe our move to a sole focus on asset management this year is essential to our long term future...that is, to be global, gain access to major distribution channels worldwide and attain critical scale in the mutual fund segment of our market, just as we have already done in the institutional segment. These and other longer term trends, or needs, have been substantially accomplished with our acquisitions this year. The execution and integration of this is now our task. The remainder of this Annual Report will tell you more about what we have done, and are doing, to continue our record of success.
1 The latter of which was sold by Citigroup to a third party in a separate transaction.


BUsiness HigHligHts
In fiscal 1999, our centennial year, we said that we had begun to restructure ourselves as the firm of the future: a diverse, increasingly global investment firm. We asked whether we could, or perhaps must, export our investment success to markets outside the United States. We noted that globaliza- tion had already affected where and how we invested, how we evaluated risk, and was beginning to affect how we competed.
We also said that the major issue we faced over the long term was to obtain distribution for our investment expertise worldwide, given the slowing rate of growth in the United States, the breaking down of national barriers to investment outside the United States and the burgeoning demand in Europe and Asia in particular. We said it would take years, as well as substantial capital commit- ment, to develop the necessary scale and local “brand name” recognition in those markets.
This year, after much soul searching we sold our longstanding Private Client and Capital Markets businesses—in part because of the perceived conflicts of interest—and simultaneously we acquired the former Citigroup Asset Management (“CAM”) and The Permal Group. This has dramatically expanded our global footprint and enabled us to focus solely on the business of global asset management.
The permal group
Our acquisition of The Permal Group closed on November 3. Permal was quite typical of what we historically have looked for in a “stand-alone” acquisition:
• As one of the largest and most highly regarded fund-of-hedge-funds managers in the world, and one of the oldest—with a performance record of more than 30 years—Permal provided us with a high quality entry into a large and appealing asset class.
• Permal had the necessary scale, infrastructure and performance record to permit its operating within the Legg Mason family as a “stand-alone” business. When Permal was acquired by Legg Mason, the only thing that really changed was its ownership structure.
• Permal had both the ability and desire to grow. Its entire management team has stayed with the company under long-term employment agreements, with a sizable stake in the company’s ongoing operations and substantial incentives—through an earnout structure—to continue to grow.
• Permal broadened Legg Mason’s market exposure in terms of both its client base and its distribu- tion expertise. Virtually all of its clients are high-net-worth individuals domiciled outside the United States, who are accessed by Permal through a worldwide, “open architecture” distribution network that includes many of the world’s largest banks and securities firms, as well as highly regarded private banks and other high-net-worth intermediaries that focus on more narrow geographic markets worldwide.
• Permal had just begun to tap the institutional/pension fund markets in the United States, where Legg Mason already has a major presence. It was felt that Permal might benefit from our long experience with, and resources specifically dedicated to, the marketing to and servicing of this important client base. Our knowledge of the US broker-driven high-net-worth market could prove equally important.


   Peter Bain Mark Fetting Tim Scheve Senior EVP Senior EVP Senior EVP
In conjunction with executive management at Western Asset, Peter Bain, Mark Fetting and Tim Scheve have led the negotiation, acquisition and integration planning processes for our strategic transaction with Citigroup this year.
Permal’s on-the-ground management is provided through its offices in New York City and London, but the company also has offices in Dubai, Hong Kong, Nassau, Paris and Singapore to support its worldwide network of distributors and also to provide investment research support. In addition, the company has an office in Boston which houses its private equity business. Through its distributors, Permal has developed a client base that extends to more than 75 countries.
citigroup asset management
Our strategic transaction with Citigroup, which closed on December 1, was a landmark transaction for us: our swap of our Private Client and Capital Markets businesses2 for CAM almost doubled our total assets under management, almost tripled our proprietary fund assets under management, and enabled us to focus entirely on asset management as our sole business worldwide.
The acquisition of CAM was by far the largest acquisition in our history and also the most complex, as it requires us to take a myriad of operating entities around the world and re-structure them into businesses that better fit our model:
• CAM’s fixed income and liquidity assets, which represented about two-thirds of CAM’s total, and the investment professionals who have been responsible for managing these assets, are being integrated into Western Asset, which is one of the world’s largest and most highly regarded fixed income managers. As a result, Western Asset is gaining important new asset classes and currency expertise and substantially expanding both its on-the-ground asset management presence and also its name recognition in the high growth markets of Asia, as well as establishing a first-time presence in Latin America.
2 Plus cash and stock.


 Senior Vice President CJ Daley (standing), corporate controller Theresa McGuire and their Finance colleagues are available to provide ongoing financial- and tax-related advice to our managers, in addition to their oversight responsibilities in regard to these and related financial reporting requirements.
• Most of CAM’s active3 US equity assets, products and personnel are being consolidated into
a single asset management business, ClearBridge Advisors, with an independent investment operation like our “stand-alone” managers. With over $115 billion under management, ClearBridge is our second largest asset manager. Its managed assets include more than $50 billion in the former Smith Barney, Salomon Brothers and Citigroup mutual funds—being rebranded as the Legg Mason Partners funds—as well as the largest broker-distributed Separately Managed Account (“SMA”) business in the industry.
• Most of CAM’s non-US equity assets and investment staffs are being rebranded as Legg Mason International Equities (“LMIE”). Between LMIE and our international distribution activities, Legg Mason will now have investment professionals and support staff on-the-ground in London, Warsaw, Singapore, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Melbourne, Sao Paulo, Santiago and New York, plus additional distribution and client support provided through offices in Frankfurt, Paris, Madrid, Luxembourg, Taipei, Sydney and Miami.
A key component of our transaction with Citigroup was a distribution agreement entered into by our two firms, which substantially expands our access to retail distribution channels, both in mutual funds and Separately Managed Accounts, and which will play an important role in our transition to the non-proprietary, “open architecture” world that is becoming more prevalent in the retail portion of our industry. Under this agreement, Citigroup has agreed to distribute our investment products, including mutual funds, variable annuity funds and our Separately Managed Account products, both in the United States and internationally.
3 US equity assets managed in a quantitative style are being assimilated by Batterymarch, as are certain similarly managed European and Global Equity assets.


 Because Legg Mason is a regulated entity in quite a few jurisdictions around the world, another important aspect of the infrastructure support and oversight provided to all of our managers is Legal & Compliance. This past winter, our chief compliance officers firmwide gathered in Baltimore for two days of meetings, where they were welcomed by Legg Mason’s general counsel, Tom Lemke (above).
OUr sOle BUsiness: asset management
We ended the year with $867.6 billion under management. A year ago, we had $374.5 billion under management. The increase in assets under management during the year was $493.1 billion, of which $408.6 billion resulted from our acquisition of CAM and $17.5 billion resulted from our acquisition of Permal. Permal has grown by 31% in the five months since its acquisition, reflecting strong net client flows and performance. The former CAM has experienced some outflows since its acquisition, primarily in bank-centric liquidity assets, but this in our view was to be expected.
Our equity assets under management increased by 125% during the year, to $324.9 billion, and now represent 38% of our total assets under management. Fixed income assets increased by 89%, to $394.2 billion (or 45% of our total), while liquidity assets are now almost six times what they were a year ago, at $148.5 billion (or 17% of our total).
In Institutional Investor’s annual “Pension Olympics,” published in its May 2006 issue, Legg Mason was ranked #1 in terms of the net increase in the dollar amount of assets managed for US-domiciled institutional tax-exempt clients (a proxy for pension funds) achieved during calendar 2005.4
Our proprietary fund assets also grew dramatically during the year. Overall, we now have $288.4 billion invested in our proprietary funds around the world, of which $229.0 billion is in mutual funds registered in the United States and $59.3 billion is in offshore and other non-US funds.5 A year ago, our proprietary funds aggregated $69.8 billion, over $60 billion of which was in US-registered
4 Institutional Investor is a trademark of Institutional Investor Inc., which is a subsidiary of Euromoney Institutional Investor PLC, neither of which is affiliated with Legg Mason.
5 Permal’s funds-of-hedge-funds are not counted in these totals.


 When Legg Mason’s legacy fixed income and equity management teams in Singapore combined with the Singapore investment teams that came to us from CAM, the enlarged groups required more space. In April 2006, the groups held an Open House to welcome colleagues and clients to their new headquarters.
mutual funds. We now have over 400 proprietary funds in total, although we expect this will decline somewhat as we rationalize our fund offerings, a process which has already commenced.
In Pensions & Investments’ 2006 ranking of “The Largest Money Managers,” Legg Mason is ranked as the 5th largest money manager operating in the United States6 and the 4th largest institutional manager, based on our worldwide assets under management at the end of calendar 2005.7
For most of our history, Legg Mason has focused on meeting individuals’ retirement and other long- term investment needs, both directly and—increasingly—through the institutions that represent them. In the Pensions & Investments survey referenced above, Legg Mason was ranked as the 7th largest manager of US pension fund assets8 and, within this key market segment, the 2nd largest manager of active US fixed income and the 4th largest manager of active US equity. We were also ranked as the 4th largest manager of endowment/foundation assets.
6 Up from 21st in last year’s survey.
7 Pensions & Investments, May 29, 2006. The survey ranked and profiled 793 managers of United States institutional tax-exempt
assets; rankings were based on assets under management as of December 31, 2005. Pensions & Investments is a trademark of
Crain Communications Inc., which is not affiliated with Legg Mason.
8 Measured by the assets managed internally for US institutional, tax-exempt clients.
10

Our global Footprint
Our transactions with Permal and CAM substantially expanded our global footprint around the world.
According to the above Pensions & Investments survey, Legg Mason currently ranks as the 6th largest asset manager for US clients in the world. Legg Mason also ended the year, however, with $258.6 billion in assets from clients domiciled outside the United States, in more than 180 countries around the world.
The international marketplace presents Legg Mason with significant long-term growth opportunity.
To support our future growth in the traditional equity and fixed income asset classes in the overseas markets, we have believed for several years that having high quality investment talent “on the ground” in the major markets would be important. Today, in part through the acquisition of CAM, Legg Mason has investment teams—both fixed income and equity—with an expertise in their local markets and a scale that would have taken years for us to replicate. In total, we have approximately 500 portfolio managers or research analysts around the world, including approximately 360 in 13 cities around the United States and approximately 140 outside the United States—in Hong Kong; London; Melbourne, Australia; Santiago, Chile; Sao Paulo, Brazil; Singapore; Tokyo; Toronto and Waterloo, Canada; and Warsaw, Poland.
Because of the myriad of operating entities in which the former CAM teams used to reside, we are in the process of rationalizing and re-structuring these entities to better fit our model. In so doing, our aim is the same as it has been with our other acquisitions: to respect the existing cultures of these local offices and protect their local investment teams from disruption. While this process is well underway, over the next 12-18 months we will methodically be enhancing and integrating the infrastructure already in place in these markets, and providing the additional leadership and other resources that may be needed to better support the considerable investment talent of the local teams in these markets and facilitate their future growth.
In the increasingly attractive fund-of-hedge-funds markets, Permal has broadened Legg Mason’s market exposure not only in terms of its asset class but also in regard to its client base and distribution expertise. As we said above, most of Permal’s ultimate clients are high-net-worth individuals domiciled in more than 75 countries outside the United States. Permal accesses these clients through a worldwide, “open architecture” distribution network that includes many of the world’s largest banks and securities firms as well as highly regarded private banks and other high-net-worth intermediaries that operate in more narrow geographic markets.
Permal’s on-the-ground management is provided through its offices in New York City and London, and its private equity office in Boston, but the company also has offices in Dubai, Hong Kong, Nassau, Paris and Singapore to support its worldwide network of distributors and also to provide investment research support.
11

Legg Mason International Equities, which houses most of CAM’s non-US and global equity management businesses, has asset management operations on-the-ground in London, Warsaw, Singapore, Hong Kong, Tokyo, Melbourne, Sao Paulo, Santiago and New York. In addition to these cities, we also have international distribution and client support offices in Frankfurt, Paris, Madrid, Luxembourg, Taipei, Sydney and Miami.
Our goal: Best-in-class
Our aim is to be, and be recognized as, one of the best asset managers in the world. As a result, we have always aimed to increase and broaden the scale of our asset management business without jeopardizing our goal of delivering consistently strong investment performance over the long term. Some recently published industry rankings and awards provide an indication of our investment success:
• In February 2006, Barron’s ranked Legg Mason/Western as the #1 fund family for the five years ended December 31, 2005, and the #4 fund family for the one-year period, in its annual ranking of “the best fund families.”9
• In March 2006, Bill Miller, as manager of Legg Mason Value Trust, was recognized for the fourth year in a row as a winner in the Large Cap Blend category of Standard & Poor’s/Business Week “Excellence in Fund Managment” Awards.10 Bill and Value Trust have received wide acclaim for the fund’s consistent record of outperforming the S&P 500 index: as of December 31, 2005, Value Trust became the only equity fund to have outperformed the index for each of the last 15 calendar years.
• Three of our managers were recognized in the Pensions & Investments’ special report on “The Top 10 Performing Managers” for the one- and five-year periods ended March 31, 2006. Western Asset had four out of the top eight composites in the Global Fixed Income category for the one-year period, and two of the top five composites for the five-year period, and was named #3 for Domestic Overall Fixed Income Accounts for the one-year period, among several other awards. Royce also received several equity awards, having been among the top three managers for Commingled Domestic Overall Equity (five years) and Commingled Domestic Blend Equity (one and five years), while Brandywine Global was named the #2 manager of Global Fixed Income Accounts for the five-year period.11
The ranking included Western Asset’s institutional funds in addition to the Legg Mason Funds and the Royce Funds but excluded all CAM funds. The ranking used a weighted average ranking system to assess asset-weighted performance, net of 12b-1 fees, in five investment categories: US equity, world equity, balanced, taxable bond and tax-exempt bond. The overall ranking weighted the five fund categories in proportion to the asset mix in Lipper’s database, with US equity being given the highest weighting. Sixty-five families that met Barron’s criteria regarding the breadth and diversification of their fund offerings were included in the survey that determined the rankings. Barron’s is a trademark of Dow Jones & Company, Inc., which is not affiliated with Legg Mason.
Standard & Poor’s is a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, which is not affiliated with Legg Mason. Business Week is a trademark of The McGraw-Hill Companies, which is not affiliated with Legg Mason.
See footnote 7.
 9
10 11
Deepak Chowdhury Senior VP and head of International Distribution
12

• In 25 of the last 27 quarters (through March 31, 2006), Private Capital Management has been ranked as the #1 or #2 Value Equity manager in Nelson’s “World’s Best Money Managers,” based on its performance over the trailing 10 years, calculated as of every quarter-end.12 In the same rankings, Brandywine Global was also named #1 for the 10 years ended March 31, 2006 in the International Fixed Income (Global Mandate) category.
in clOsing
Historically, whether we have grown organically or by acquisition, we have sought to develop an investment business populated by managers who are top long-term performers in distinctive, core asset classes or styles, with a minimum of overlap of our other managers. Permal is no exception in this regard. The goal of our CAM restructuring and rationalization that is now underway is to align the core CAM business with this philosophy.
We have been able to leverage the expertise of our managers and grow their franchises by working with them to introduce their capabilities, through products that mirror their core competencies, to those parts of the retail and institutional marketplaces in the United States and overseas that the managers have not already developed by themselves. We expect to do the same with Permal and CAM.
Acquisitions are inherently disruptive, and although Permal is quite similar to our past acquisitions, CAM is not: it is much larger and more complex. We feel that we have a history of success in minimizing the disruptions, and resolving any uncertainties, inherent in any acquisition, so that our new employees can remain focused on the business that attracted us to them in the first place. We have agreed with the new management team on what operating changes, if any, are desirable or appropriate when ownership is transferred. Throughout, we have aimed to minimize any distractions to the investment team, so that they can remain focused on delivering performance to their clients. All of this is at least as important to the clients, current and prospective, as it is to us.
A key tenet of Legg Mason’s corporate management philosophy is not to forget the next generation of management, not only on the investment side but on the business side as well. Among our leading managers who are highlighted in this annual report, Western Asset and Batterymarch have seen substantial growth since moving on to their second generations of management post-acquisition. Legg Mason Capital Management and Brandywine have both named new business heads in the last few months, and of course ClearBridge Advisors has a new chief executive as well. At the corporate level, I am particularly delighted to say that Legg Mason is no exception: in March 2006, our Board of Directors announced the election of Jim Hirschmann, who has so successfully led the growth and transformation of Western Asset over the last seven years, to be president of Legg Mason and thus my likely successor. Western Asset’s extraordinary success since Jim became its CEO proves that he is one of the very rare individuals who is both a visionary and a superb business leader as well.
12 Nelson’s is a trademark of Nelson Information and Thomson Financial, which are not affiliated with Legg Mason.
13

Before closing, I want to acknowledge with gratitude the exceptional dedication and leadership over the years of Jim Brinkley and Dick Himelfarb, who have left Legg Mason and our Board of Directors and moved on to Citigroup and Stifel Financial, respectively. Jim Brinkley, a friend since college, has been an integral part of Legg Mason ever since he became my first employee at Mason & Co. in 1962. Jim was particularly instrumental in the great success of our former Private Client group, which he led for most of his tenure here. Jim has joined Citigroup’s global private client group as vice chairman. Dick Himelfarb, who became the head of our former Investment Banking division after we went public in 1983, also played an important part in the development of our former Capital Markets’ business, and was instrumental in that business’s being sold by Citigroup to Stifel Financial, where Dick is now a member of the Stifel Board.
To all of our former Legg Mason Private Client and Capital Markets employees, we wish you continued success, and we thank you for helping make Legg Mason successful. We truly miss you.
By any account, this has been a landmark year for Legg Mason. I am tremendously pleased that our business remained among the strongest in our industry, despite the unusually heavy workloads faced by so many of our employees as we completed the transformation of our firm to what is now our sole focus on asset management. I thank all of our employees—past and present—for their exceptional professionalism, dedication and hard work during the year. At Legg Mason, we believe we have delivered strong performance to both our clients and our stockholders again this year. As we have said in years past, our goal is to continue to do so.
Raymond A. Mason
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer June 4, 2006
 1
