 Letter from Joseph A. Sullivan, President and Chief Executive Officer
  Dear Fellow Shareholders
I am honored to be writing to you for the first time since being elected Legg Mason’s new President and CEO this past February and am grateful for the trust and confidence that our Board and you have placed in me. I am very proud to be leading a firm with a long and rich history and a future filled with opportunity.
At Legg Mason, our goal is straightforward: we strive to be the best asset management firm in the world...for our clients, our shareholders and our employees...and in that order.
By focusing first on clients, we will deliver investment performance that builds the loyalty of current clients and attracts new ones. In turn, the oper- ating performance that results will reward our shareholders appropriately. In so doing, we will continue to make Legg Mason a firm of great opportunity for our employees and of which we can be justifiably proud.
As a company, we have chosen and are committed to active investment management through an independent, multi-affiliate model combined with world-class distribution. This model, well executed, is a unique value propo- sition for shareholders and will differentiate us favorably in the marketplace. We are a firm with demonstrated ability to manage assets, robust global distribution and the scale, diversity and determination to succeed.
Joseph A. Sullivan, President and Chief Executive Officer
Legg Mason 1

 The Board’s Perspective
The past year has seen the culmination of a process of reassessment, restructure and renewal for Legg Mason.
Given the challenges of the post financial crisis environment, reassessment of the fundamen- tal beliefs that support our business model was required. Our conclusion—the unique combination of investment focus and product flexibility provided by our multi-affiliate busi- ness model, when combined with our global distribution capability, presents significant opportunities for our clients and our sharehold- ers that distinguish Legg Mason in the asset management industry.
However, the financial markets and investor requirements and expectations have changed significantly from the pre-crisis era. These changes require a leaner organization and more focused and strategic leadership. Our man- agement processes have been restructured to improve their effectiveness and efficiency, and we have a new leadership team under CEO Joe Sullivan.
Your Board and the management team have reaffirmed the fundamental principles that have served Legg Mason clients and share- holders well in the past. As your represen- tatives, we are committed to renewing the growth of our business and creating value for our shareholders.
W. Allen Reed Chairman of the Board
 2 Legg Mason
Achieving this success going forward is wholly dependent on combining the many competitive strengths of our model to deliver, together, the results that clients and sharehold- ers expect. We are never better as a company than when we come together to perform for our clients and it is that focus—moving forward, together, in serving our clients— that will drive Legg Mason to realize its potential and distin- guish the company among many in an increasingly competi- tive marketplace.
In this letter, I will highlight the company’s results for the 2013 fiscal year, discuss our ongoing operating priorities, review our progress against those priorities and look ahead to the future of Legg Mason, a future I’m confident you will agree is bright.
Our clients look to us for insight and ideas to address their need for both the security and growth of their investment portfolios in this low rate, low growth economic environment and beyond. This opportunity to serve and perform for our clients is also a responsibility that we take very seriously. And we recognize that we must earn this opportunity, this privilege, daily.
Fiscal Year Highlights
Our fiscal year results showed important signs of improve- ment and progress and while we are encouraged, we know that we must and can perform still better.
We finished our fiscal year with the lowest level of quarterly long-term outflows in over five years and our global retail distribution group achieved its best fiscal year of net flows since 2007. Our investment performance continues to be strong, with at least 80% of our strategy AUM, excluding liquidity assets, beating their respective benchmarks for
the 1-, 3-, 5- and 10-year periods ended March 31, 2013. And, our strong cash generation enabled us to deleverage our balance sheet by $350 million, repurchase 16.2 million shares of Legg Mason stock and increase dividends by 38%, returning over $480 million to shareholders during the fiscal year, while finishing the year with a cash position of over $930 million.

Our Operating Priorities and Progress
As we move forward, we are focused on four operating pri- orities that we believe will best serve our clients and share- holders and will most competitively position our franchise for growth: Products, Investment Performance, Distribution and Productivity.
Our performance this past fiscal year, in the context of these priorities, is highlighted as follows:
Financial Highlights
(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)
Years Ended March 31,
OPERATING RESULTS
Operating revenues
Operating income (loss)
Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax provision (benefit)
Net income (loss) attributable to Legg Mason, Inc.(1) Adjusted income (loss)(2)
PER COMMON SHARE
Net income (loss), diluted(1) Adjusted income (loss)(2) Dividends declared
Book Value
FINANCIAL CONDITION
Total assets
Total stockholders’ equity
First, offering products that meet the needs of investors: we must continually review and evolve our product lineup to meet the requirements and preferences of our clients.
We commissioned a Global Income Survey to gain a deeper understanding of the income needs and preferences of global retail investors. This survey yielded a number of interesting insights, including the fact that these investors are more
 2013
$2,612,650 (434,499) (510,607)
(353,327) 347,169
(2.65) 2.61 0.44
38.44
$7,269,660
4,818,351
2012
$2,662,574 338,753 303,083
220,817 397,030
1.54 2.77 0.32
40.59
$8,555,747
5,677,291
2011
$2,784,317 386,808 365,197
253,923 439,248
1.63 2.83 0.20
38.41
$8,707,756
5,770,384
2010
$2,634,879 321,183 329,656
204,357 381,258
1.32 2.45 0.12
35.94
$8,622,632
5,841,724
2009
$ 3,357,367 (669,180) (3,188,197)
(1,967,918) (1,191,389)
(13.99) (8.47)
0.96 31.87
$ 9,232,299
4,598,625
  $
$
$
$
$
     (1) Fiscal 2013 includes non-cash impairment charges related to intangible assets, net of income tax benefits, of $508,252 or $3.81 per share. Fiscal 2009 includes losses related to the elimination of exposure to Structured Investment Vehicles, net of income tax benefits and compensation related adjustments, of $1,376,579 or $9.79 per share and impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets, net of income tax benefits, of $863,352 or $6.14 per share.
(2) Adjusted income (loss) represents a performance measure that is based on a methodology other than generally accepted accounting principles (“non-GAAP”). For more information regarding this non-GAAP financial measure, see Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report.
Legg Mason 3

    Legg Mason Global Income Survey
With many investors rethinking their approach to income and asset diver- sification, we conducted a special research study of affluent investors
in 13 countries for our Global Income Survey: Bridging the gap in income investing. To read about our key find- ings, visit http://www.leggmason.com/ globalthoughtleadership
4 Legg Mason
willing than ever before to consider global and equity income solutions to meet their income needs.
This past year, we launched over 20 new products that raised over $2.6 billion in assets under management as of fiscal year end, and we continue to invest seed capital and other resources to develop and bring additional innovative products to market.
Examples of firm-wide product launches this year include
a CLO product and mortgage REIT at Western Asset, income-related products and an energy MLP managed by ClearBridge Investments, global and sovereign fixed income products within Brandywine Global and a Permal multi-strat- egy fund of hedge funds product. Our recently completed acquisition of Fauchier Partners with Permal is another exam- ple of how we intend to seek new sources of product, asset diversification and revenue growth.
Fauchier is a leading European-based manager in the fund
of hedge funds space, with an institutionally focused European and Asian Pacific client base and expertise in equity hedged and event driven strategies, all of which are highly complementary to Permal’s capabilities. Combined,
in a transaction we expect to be accretive in the first year, Permal and Fauchier further expand our product suite and client base as one of the largest fund of hedge funds manag- ers in the world.
Second, delivering compelling investment performance: we must consistently deliver for our clients perfor- mance that differentiates itself in an increasingly competitive marketplace.
For the critical three-year time period ending March 31,
2013, 81% of strategy AUM, excluding liquidity, including all of Legg Mason’s investment affiliates beat their respective benchmarks. Additionally, the percentage of our strategy AUM, excluding liquidity, beating benchmark was 80% for the 1-year, 84% for the 5-year and 87% for the 10-year periods ending March 31, 2013.

Western Asset, our largest affiliate, Permal and Brandywine Global continued to deliver strong investment results and were recognized for their strong performance track records:
• Western Asset was named manager of the year in the fixed income core category by Institutional Investor;
• a Permal diversified multi-manager fund was named the best performing specialist fund of hedge funds over ten years by Hedge Fund Review; and
• Brandywine Global received accolades from Institutional Investor and Morningstar for their global fixed income performance.
ClearBridge Investments, our largest equity affiliate, also delivered strong performance, resulting in their best net flow performance since 2005.
We remain focused with our affiliates on improving upon areas of investment underperformance and importantly, we are working aggressively to bring those products with strong investment performance to a broader set of clients.
Third, distributing our products effectively across channels and geographies: the standard for our institu- tional and retail distribution teams is nothing short of world class.
Our distribution and client service philosophy for both institu- tional and retail clients begins and ends with the needs and preferences of our clients. Our investment affiliates serve institutional clients, who prefer direct coverage and access to our portfolio teams, and have worked hard to enhance their capabilities and global reach, through investments and improvements in technology and infrastructure.
Our centralized global retail distribution group, which col- laborates with our affiliates to serve retail client advisors, has refocused its strategy to place greater emphasis on improving sales productivity, expanding market share and
increasing asset retention. These efforts contributed to the group’s best year of net flows in over five years with gross sales increasing by 15% to $57 billion during fiscal year 2013 and strong improvement in the group’s net contribution to Legg Mason’s earnings.
Importantly, net flows increased year over year in nine out of the ten sales channels in which we offer products in the United States and five out of the six regions in which we operate outside of the United States. We continue to believe that, while significant opportunities for improvement remain, our distribution platform...through its broad global footprint... represents a unique competitive strength for Legg Mason.
And fourth, managing our business with a focus on oper- ating productivity: quite simply, operating effectiveness and efficiency are competitive imperatives in our indus- try and for Legg Mason.
A significant component of our ability to deliver shareholder value is a disciplined and ongoing focus on expenses and efficiency, which this past year included the consolidation of certain corporate functions and real estate that will result in
a long-term benefit to our shareholders. We have also com- menced a bottom-up review of ways that we can further lever- age our operating functions to continue to reallocate resources toward our critical priorities, including product innovation, enhanced client service and an expanded global footprint.
Capital Deployment and
Investing for Future Growth
We are pleased that our capital strength and consistent cash generation enabled us to reduce shares outstanding by 12% and raise dividends by 38%, returning over $480 mil- lion to our shareholders since our prior fiscal year ended March 31, 2012.
Since 2010, we have reduced shares outstanding by 23% and returned $1.4 billion to shareholders in the form of repurchases and dividends. In May of 2012, we further enhanced our financial flexibility by refinancing $1.25 billion
Legg Mason 5

of convertible senior notes due in 2015 with longer maturity debt, reducing outstanding debt by $350 million.
Importantly, our cash position, which totaled over $930 mil- lion at the end of our fiscal year, provides resources to buffer market volatility, while also capturing opportunities to expand and strengthen our business.
Looking Ahead
The past several years have been a difficult period for Legg Mason. In responding to the multiple challenges we have faced, we have taken deliberate and aggressive actions to reduce our cost structure, divest and/or combine some of our smaller investment affiliates and modify leadership throughout the company, including at the highest levels.
As a result, Legg Mason’s competitive position is strong and we are now poised for growth.
We have a unique combination of independent investment affiliates and a robust global distribution platform to lever-
age our affiliate investment capabilities. Our independent, multi-affiliate model supports investment autonomy, promotes creativity and innovation and, we believe, should lead to supe- rior long-term investment performance over time. Our firm
is diversified by asset class and investment style, geography and client type. We operate globally in 31 cities with over 435 investment professionals and more than 500 members of our global distribution team located throughout the world. We have a strong foundation for success...and now, we must deliver on the opportunities before us.
Change is constant and accelerating within our industry...and we embrace it. In fact, we view this change as an opportunity to further distinguish ourselves for current and future clients by anticipating, adapting and responding to business and mar- ket opportunities as they unfold.
We must add investment capabilities where we have product gaps, improve our revenue diversification and flows and broaden our capabilities outside the United States, with a focus on European equities and alternative investments.
While we’re committed to our core business model, it can be improved. We are in discussions with our affiliates to create affil- iate equity plans to help attract and retain investment talent and better align the long-term interests of our affiliates with those of our shareholders. We recently initiated just such a plan with Permal and we expect additional affiliate equity plans to follow.
We are focused on strengthening our global retail distribution capability through greater affiliate collaboration and by invest- ing in more client-facing professionals and increased support for them. We seek to further develop targeted solutions in areas of growing demand, such as income-oriented product solutions, alternatives and specialized fixed income products, consistent with the appetite of retail investors globally.
During the past several years, our focused business model, disciplined investment processes and global scale have helped us maintain our fundamental strength as a firm. But moving ahead, to effectively compete, our focus must be on gaining market share and diversifying our revenue stream to provide consistent earnings, sustaining and improving our investment performance to increase flows, and maintaining an efficient cost structure to drive greater profitability.
Appreciation and Closing
Before closing, I would like to acknowledge with sincere grati- tude the significant contributions made by Denny Beresford and Nick St. George, both of whom will be retiring from our Board of Directors this year, after a combined 41 years of service to our shareholders. We join all of our shareholders in thanking Denny and Nick for their guidance, leadership and dedication to our firm and wish them both continued future success.
6 Legg Mason

 Over the past year, we have taken thoughtful and meaningful steps to improve Legg Mason for long-term success but more work remains.
As we think about the future, we are both excited and optimis- tic about what lies ahead.
We know that the markets will be challenging and that the industry will continue to change and evolve. We also know that the challenges before our clients are significant and it is our primary goal to listen to them, understand their needs and work to develop solutions that meet their financial hopes and objectives.
I am very proud of our many talented and highly professional employees who have been so unwavering in their dedication to our clients during this past year of transition. We now enter a new year of challenge and opportunity, better positioned, with new momentum and a clear commitment to growth.
We are very grateful for your continued trust and confidence, as we work tirelessly to deliver performance for clients and results for shareholders and move Legg Mason forward, together!
Joseph A. Sullivan
President and Chief Executive Officer
“At Legg Mason, our goal is straightforward: we strive to
be the best asset management firm in the world...for our clients, our shareholders and our employees...and in that order.”
Executive Committee
Legg Mason’s Executive Committee is com- posed of (left to right) Pete Nachtwey, Chief Financial Officer; Terry Johnson, Head of Global Distribution; Joe Sullivan, Chief Executive Officer; Jennifer Murphy, Chief Administrative Officer; and Tom Merchant, General Counsel.
 7
