       “No chalk” is the standard at Legg Mason. Like an athlete competing on a playing field, our employees are expected to steer clear of the boundary lines for ethical behavior so that we never have “chalk on our shoes.”
Dear Fellow Shareholder,
In this, my first letter as Legg Mason’s Chairman and CEO, I would like to report the fiscal year results and discuss our strategic plan to move the company forward and position it for renewed growth and profitability. We aim to achieve our plan with these key beliefs: straight talk, smart strategy, excellent investing, superb service, and “no chalk” integrity.
Extreme Markets and Extremely Disappointing Results
2008 represented one of the most difficult economic periods in modern financial history and certainly the worst that I have witnessed. Economic fundamentals deteriorated rapidly and led to a sharp decline in the equity markets and continuing dislocations in the credit markets. The global market decline was significantly impacted by the failure of major financial institutions and the freeze in the credit markets, resulting in unprecedented government intervention. Investors flocked to cash at historic levels and rapid deleveraging throughout all asset classes further fueled severe disruptions in the markets.
As of March 31, 2009, Legg Mason’s assets under management were $632.4 billion, a decrease of 33% from $950.1 billion as of March 31, 2008. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009, we recorded revenues of $3.4 billion, down 28% from our record $4.6 billion in fiscal year 2008. The net loss for the same period was $1.9 billion, or $13.85 per diluted share, versus net income of $267.6 million, or $1.86 per diluted share for the prior year. Our cash loss was $2.2 billion, or $15.74 per diluted share for fiscal year 2009, compared to cash income of $412.3 million, or $2.86 per diluted share for the prior year.
Our fiscal year results were primarily driven by two significant items. First, we took certain actions to support and completely eliminate securities issued by structured investment vehicles (“SIVs”) from our money market funds and balance sheet, which resulted in net losses totaling $1.4 billion and $313.7 million for the current and prior fiscal years, respectively. We feel strongly that these actions were necessary in order to protect our fund investors, the long-term value of our money market franchise and, ultimately, our shareholders. Second, net income was also reduced by net non-cash impairment charges related to certain intangible assets of $863.4 million for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009 and $94.8 million for the prior fiscal year.
 
LEgg MaSon
2009 Annual Report
We believe that cash income, excluding SIV securities losses and impairment charges, is an appropriate metric for evaluating the value of our business and measuring our results, and totaled $471.0 million, or $3.32 per diluted share in fiscal year 2009, versus $877.0 million, or $6.09 per diluted share, for the prior fiscal year. These results reflect disappointing investment performance and asset flows, particularly at Private Capital Management, Legg Mason Capital Management, and certain strategies at Western Asset. To be clear, we know that we cannot improve on our earnings power without delivering on our fundamental goal of sustained investment excellence.
Overall, Legg Mason stock declined by 71.6% versus a 46.8% decline in the SNL Asset Manager Index for the year ended March 31, 2009. While the market clearly took its toll on all competitors, our results for the fiscal year were substantially below the industry and unacceptable going forward.
Strategies and Progress
Against this backdrop of market volatility and disappointing results, we determined that it was imperative to take a step back and review our strategy and evaluate the overall capabilities and effectiveness of our business. This comprehensive review by the Executive Committee, which drew significantly on input from leaders of our investment managers, our board, and outside experts, led to a very explicit expansion of our model.
Our enhanced multi-manager model retains the core elements of a diversified multi-manager structure and investment autonomy, but adds three important ingredients:
1) Strategic engagement among Legg Mason and its affiliates on key business matters ranging from capital deployment for growth and expansion to best practices for performance measurement and risk management;
2) Distribution leverage whereby affiliates collaborate with Legg Mason’s Americas and International groups to efficiently gain share across the vital retail and instividual markets worldwide; and
3) Service management to make sure all shared services (operations and technology, legal and compliance, fund administration, human resources, and finance) are delivered in an effective and efficient manner.
We took this concept of an enhanced multi-manager model and compressed it to a clear focus on three pillars: first and foremost, investment excellence; second, world-class distribution; and, finally, superb service. As I write this letter in mid-June, let me expand and update you on job number one, investment performance.
oUTCoME oF STRaTEgIC REVIEW
   affirmed
• Multi-Manager Model • Investment Autonomy
added
• Strategic Engagement
• World-Class Distribution • Service Management
ThREE PILLaRS oF gRoWTh
• Investment Excellence
• World-Class Distribution • Superb Service
                                    2

 Executive Committee (piCturEd abovE)
(second from right)
Mark R. Fetting
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
(left to right)
Ronald R. Dewhurst
Senior Executive Vice President, Head of International Asset Management
David R. odenath
Senior Executive Vice President, Head of the Americas
Jeffrey a. nattans
Senior Vice President, Head of Specialized Managers
Charles J. (“C.J.”) Daley, Jr.
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Joseph a. Sullivan
Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer
Importantly, we are seeing some encouraging signs of improvement. Our rate of outflows has declined since the quarter ended December 2008. Additionally, after disappointing investment performance during the past fiscal year, we have experienced improvements since our fiscal year end, including at Legg Mason Capital Management and Western Asset. The percentage of our long-term mutual fund assets outperforming their category average increased from 43% to 56% for the one year, 52% to 55% for the three years, 47% to 58% for the five years, and 75% to 78% for the ten years ended March 31, 2009 versus May 31, 2009. We are encouraged by these short- term signs; however, we recognize that sustained outperformance will be needed in order to experience a continued improvement in flows.
It is important to note that despite the challenges of the past year, several of our managers performed very well on a relative basis. ClearBridge Advisors, our largest equity manager, experienced notable improvements in investment performance. Permal, our fund-of-hedge-funds manager, maintained their record of solid performance and has consistently received accolades for their robust process and leadership, particularly in response to the recent stresses in the hedge fund space. Royce, specializing in smaller company investing, continued to outperform benchmarks, and the firm’s Charlie Dreifus was named Morningstar’s 2008 Domestic Stock Fund Manager of the Year for his management of Royce Special Equity Fund.
In fiscal year 2009, we also achieved progress in pursuit of this expanded strategy, including capitalizing on strategic growth initiatives, through new product development and the expansion of our multi-channel distribution strategies; effectively managing our cost structure; and improving our financial strength and protecting our balance sheet. We have been hard at work in each of these areas. Over the course of fiscal year 2009, specific actions included:
• Completing the build-out of our senior management team for the future that includes C.J. Daley, Chief Financial Officer; Ron Dewhurst, Head of International Asset Management; Dave Odenath, Head of the Americas;
3

LEgg MaSon
2009 Annual Report
Jeff Nattans, Head of Specialized Managers; and Joe Sullivan, Chief Administrative Officer. Along these lines, the reorganization of our business into two divisions: Americas and International, reflects our desire to expand our global, multi-affiliate, multi-channel business model, and further aligns our structure with our strategic priorities.
• Fortifying our capital base. In calendar year 2008, we raised a total of $2.4 billion in capital via two transactions, including, in May 2008, a $1.15 billion offering of equity units. We strengthened our balance sheet through the repayment of debt and added flexibility by amending our debt covenants in March 2009. Additionally, in May of this year, we made the difficult decision to reduce our quarterly cash dividend to $0.03 per share to further strengthen our cash position.
• Reducing our operating expense structure through strategic, but difficult, cost-cutting initiatives. In October 2008, we announced a goal of reducing operating expenses by $50 million, out of a corporate expense base of approximately $600 million, and are now on course to realize approximately $160 million in sustainable run-rate cost savings by September of this year.
• Eliminating all of the remaining securities issued by SIVs from our money market funds and balance sheet. In March 2009, we were able to take this final proactive step to resolve the SIV issue. Since the SIV market became illiquid in the fall of 2007, we systematically reduced our total exposure from $10 billion to zero. We achieved these results without external assistance and now have greater optionality in managing our balance sheet.
Milestones and Metrics going Forward
Our approach this fiscal year, amidst these extreme market conditions, has been measured and deliberate to put our major challenges behind us. Now, we are able to work more aggressively on all fronts to accelerate the progress of our company onto a path of sustainable, profitable growth. We will measure our progress against several key business metrics. First, we are focused on rebuilding our earnings base and returning our earnings margins to historic levels, and our leaner expense structure better positions us to achieve this. Second, we are focused on rebuilding our level of assets under management through sustained investment performance and inflows. Our long-term performance remains strong, and we are diligently committed to improving upon one-, three-, and five-year performance. Recent enhancements undertaken by our affiliates on the investment side and improvements in short-term performance are encouraging, but we know that we must do better. Lastly, we are focused on growth, both organically and through the addition of new product capabilities that we believe will leverage upon the distribution and corporate resources of Legg Mason.
In March 2009, we announced the launch of the Western Asset Municipal Defined Opportunity Trust (MTT), a new, non-diversified, closed-end fund that raised almost $240 million in its initial public offering. In conjunction with the launch, Western Asset’s Municipal Bond Portfolio team and members of our senior leadership team rang the closing bell at the New York Stock Exchange. Western Asset, one of the world’s largest managers of fixed income investments, is also Legg Mason’s largest affiliate.
Our international investment affiliates are located throughout the Americas, Asia-Pacific and Europe and offer a range of products for institutional and retail investors in multiple currencies. Crystal Chan, head of investments at Legg Mason Hong Kong, was profiled by the Hong Kong Economic Journal in its January 20, 2009 edition. Note: The copyright is owned by Hong Kong Economic Journal Co. Ltd. All rights reserved.
         4

       Permal, led by Issac Souede, is one of the world’s largest and oldest fund-of-hedge-fund managers and provides investment opportunities in directional and absolute return strategies across global financial markets. In April 2009, Legg Mason and Permal announced the launch of the Legg Mason Permal Tactical Asset Allocation Fund, the first U.S.-domiciled, Legg Mason open-end mutual fund that provides individual investors access to Permal’s multi-strategy global allocation strategy.
LEgg MaSon
2009 Annual Report
As we have stated in the past, we are confident in our managers and realize that to outperform over the long term, there will be periods of underperformance. We are hopeful that recent positive trends in the equity and credit markets and improvements in our short-term performance, combined with the underlying strength of our managers and operating flexibility, will lead
to increased market share over time, particularly as the broader markets continue to improve and investor confidence returns.
appreciation and Closing
Before closing, I want to acknowledge with deep gratitude the tremendous leadership and dedication of Chip Mason, who retired from our Board of Directors this year, 46 years after founding Mason & Company, a predecessor to Legg Mason. Chip is most remembered for his prescience on the financial services industry, superb leadership skills, and unwavering ethics. All of us will be forever grateful for the successes and guidance he brought to Legg Mason. I would also like to thank Jim Ukrop, who will be retiring from our Board of Directors later this year, for his commitment and service to Legg Mason over the years. I wish both Chip and Jim continued future success.
At Legg Mason, our aim is to be one of the best asset management firms in the world. We are an investment-driven culture, and we aim to deliver investment excellence, including superb client service, to all of our investors around the world. We believe in our diversified, enhanced multi-manager model. And we are focused on restoring our historically strong investment performance, extending our global expansion, and returning to our path of sustainable, profitable growth.
I cannot fully express my sincere gratitude to each Legg Mason employee whose talent, professionalism, and dedication have enabled us to weather this severe economic downturn. While we do not know what the future will bring, I am confident that, more than ever, Legg Mason has the character and competencies to lead in this coveted business and deliver strong returns to our shareholders.
Mark R. Fetting
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer June 15, 2009
     Legg Mason’s Asset Management Symposium showcases some of our leading investment managers who discuss their market perspectives and insights, including, in 2008, Chuck Royce from Royce & Associates, Hersh Cohen from ClearBridge Advisors, Bill Miller from Legg Mason Capital Management and Ken Leech from Western Asset.
 5
