    Robert J. Stevens
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS,
In delivering another strong year of operational and financial accomplishments, Lockheed Martin continues on a well-charted course for sustained growth. The foundation of this Corporation’s success is adherence to a core strategy that demands a tight focus on customer priorities; the agility to pursue promising opportunities; and an unyielding attention to performance with integrity.
     Christopher E. Kubasik
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Linda R. Gooden
Executive Vice President, Information Systems & Global Services
Robert B. Coutts
Executive Vice President, Electronic Systems
Joanne M. Maguire
Executive Vice President, Space Systems
Ralph D. Heath
Executive Vice President, Aeronautics
 Lockheed Martin Corporation
1
2006 Annual Report

We have executed this strategy year over year with discipline and the results are impressive. For the fifth consecutive year, Lockheed Martin’s earnings per share (EPS) have risen at a double-digit rate with
EPS recorded at $5.80 in 2006, compared with
$4.10 in 2005.
In 2006, we achieved sales of $39.6 billion, compared with sales of $37.2 billion in 2005, and we generated $3.8 billion in operating cash. Strong cash generation continues to provide us with the financial flexibility to make prudent investment and acquisition decisions in a dynamic marketplace.
We have also applied cash to share repurchases, returning value to our stockholders.
In 2006, we repurchased 27.6 million shares of our common stock, bringing the total stock repurchase to 73.7 million shares since 2002.
OUR EMPLOYEES
This pattern of achievement is due to the 140,000 employees of our remarkable enterprise
who deliver operational excellence second to none. Customers have recognized our consistent emphasis on performance through contract awards, and investors have responded by buying and holding our stock.
Solid figures are just part of the Lockheed Martin story. The management of this Corporation works diligently to ensure that we continue to hire and retain a talented workforce for the future. As the baby
boom generation retires in greater numbers, we must remain committed to making Lockheed Martin the employer of choice.
Significantly, current employees and those we are actively recruiting to join the Lockheed Martin team recognize that we are an attractive employer. In fact, in 2006 Business Week ranked Lockheed Martin the second best place to launch a career.
It takes a sharp competitive edge to win
the bid for talent and we are accomplishing that objective through our deeply-rooted ethics training and dedication to creating a diverse and inviting workplace, as well as our advancement of Full Spectrum Leadership, a comprehensive program that provides leaders with the tools to excel.
At Lockheed Martin we also believe in the vital importance of serving the communities in which we work and live. We do that through initiatives that strengthen math, science and engineering education as well as through volunteerism and outreach to America’s men and women in uniform. Lockheed Martin employees committed more than a million hours of volunteer service to their communities in both 2005 and 2006.
CONTRACT AWARDS AND EXECUTION
That passion to excel, which runs through every level of this Corporation, was reflected in 2006 with some key program wins and operational milestones.
 Lockheed Martin Corporation 2
2006 Annual Report

We witnessed the first flight of the F-35 Lightning II, a 5th Generation tactical combat aircraft that will serve this country and its allies for decades to come.
In 2006, NASA chose Lockheed Martin as its industry partner to build the Orion crew exploration vehicle. Orion, an advanced crew capsule design utilizing state-of-the-art technology, is a key element of NASA’s Vision for Space Exploration. Orion
will replace the Space Shuttle in transporting a
new generation of human explorers to and from the International Space Station, the Moon, and eventually to Mars.
Our success in winning this competition was attributable to a superb team effort that tapped Lockheed Martin’s resources and expertise horizontally across all organizational boundaries.
The entire management team can look back with great pride to winning a majority of the programs we pursued in 2006. Some major achievements of the year also include:
• The U.S. Air Force selected Lockheed Martin as the Air Operations Center Weapon System Integrator. Unifying more than 20 separate Air Operations Centers, this program confirms Lockheed Martin as a leading integrator for the Air Force. Our Center for Innovation’s rich modeling and simulation capability was a key factor in our winning proposal.
•
•
•
•
The FBI chose Lockheed Martin to transition the agency from a paper-based case management system to an electronic records system.
The Australian Ministry of Defence chose the Joint Air-to-Surface Standoff Missile, marking the first international sale of this stealthy missile.
We delivered 27 of our 5th Generation F-22 Raptors, the world’s most advanced air- dominance fighter, to the U.S. Air Force. Lockheed Martin scored successes in two major international military flight training programs. With Pilatus Aircraft Ltd. we
were selected to provide Basic Wings Course training for the Republic of Singapore Air Force for 20 years. Ascent, our joint venture with VT Group, was selected as preferred bidder for the UK's Military Flying Training System program which will train Royal Navy, Royal Air Force, and Army Air Corps pilots for 25 years.
The U.S. Navy's Trident II D5 Fleet Ballistic Missile, built by Lockheed Martin, reached
a record of 117 consecutive successful
test launches since 1989 – an achievement unmatched by any other large ballistic missile or space launch vehicle.
The U.S. Air Force announced that the first Space Based Infrared System Highly Elliptical
•
•
 Lockheed Martin Corporation 3
2006 Annual Report

Orbit payload is now on-orbit and exceeding performance expectations following successful checkout.
By continuing to win competitions in our
traditional businesses, we are positioned exceptionally well for sustained success in the defense, homeland security and government information technology arenas. We remain a leader in providing federal agencies with the solutions they require to serve the American public more effectively.
FOSTERING INNOVATION
Lockheed Martin is at the forefront in developing and fielding the net-enabled technologies that serve American and allied forces in the fight against terrorism. In 2006, we engaged in significant experiments, workshops, and other collaborative efforts with our customers at our Center for Innovation in Suffolk, Virginia, and at other networked labs across the Corporation. The Center for Innovation offers
the tools, environment, and expertise to help create new operational concepts and powerful net-enabled solutions to strengthen military effectiveness, bolster homeland security, and enhance other government missions.
By widening the aperture to expand in adjacent businesses we are enhancing the long-term value of Lockheed Martin. We are applying our information technology capabilities to customers in law enforcement, border protection, healthcare, and government database management. With forward
thinking, innovation, and creativity we are well prepared to compete for the promising business opportunities of the future.
ACQUISITIONS AND PARTNERSHIPS
Effective acquisitions, in conjunction with solid new business awards, are vital ingredients for balanced and profitable growth. We seek acquisitions that fit well strategically and operationally, enhance our capabilities, and broaden customer access,
while at the same time providing solid returns to our stockholders. Acquired in 2006, Savi Technology, Pacific Architects and Engineers, HMT Vehicles, Aspen Systems, and ISX Corporation all bring valuable expertise, technologies, and customer relationships to this Corporation.
Through its leadership in Radio-Frequency Identification (RFID) technology, Savi provides its customers complete solutions to manage assets and secure cargo in near real-time through worldwide supply chain networks. Savi’s unique expertise
in navigating the global supply chain will help us pursue logistics/sustainment opportunities with the Department of Defense, allied forces, Department of Homeland Security, and other government agencies, as well as the commercial shipping industry.
Pacific Architects and Engineers provides the U.S. Department of State, and other government agencies and international aid organizations with
a range of services in facilities operations and maintenance in more than 30 countries.
 Lockheed Martin Corporation 4
2006 Annual Report

Our acquisition of HMT Vehicles Ltd. in
the United Kingdom brings to the Lockheed Martin portfolio a designer of innovative wheeled vehicles. This acquisition not only assisted us in winning the contract to build the Lightweight Prime Mover Truck for the U.S. Marine Corps, but also positioned us for further growth in the wheeled vehicle arena.
In addition, Aspen Systems supplements our capabilities in such areas as records management and business process solutions that are the backbone of the information technology solutions we offer to our civil government customers. ISX is a research and development innovator which addresses complex warfighting and intelligence challenges.
In 2006, we successfully completed our joint venture with The Boeing Company to form United Launch Alliance. This innovative joint venture
will yield savings to the American taxpayer as we combine our Atlas with Boeing’s Delta vehicles to conduct launches for the U.S. government. In a related action, we sold our ownership interest in International Launch Services and exited the Russian Proton launch business in 2006.
THE FUTURE
Our management team is dedicated to building on Lockheed Martin’s significant human and technical resources to create value for our customers by exceeding their expectations. We also create value for our employees with rewarding career opportunities in a progressive enterprise; and we create value for our stockholders by delivering high returns, positioning for steady growth, and managing risk.
We will continue to be disciplined and opportunistic as we look for new ways to bring innovative solutions to market, and drive greater efficiencies through streamlined operations. Our recently announced realignment of our information business is but one example.
As stewards of this Corporation, we are motivated by a relentless demand for operational excellence, a passion for what we do, a commitment to the highest standards of business conduct, and a keen eye on the bottom line. We are optimistic that this strategy will keep Lockheed Martin on the path to even greater achievements ahead.
As a global Corporation Lockheed Martin has
more than 300 mutually-beneficial government and
industry joint ventures, partnerships, and alliances in
more than 50 countries. These are alliances that create
jobs, advance technology, and reinforce Lockheed
Martin’s reputation as the worldwide partner of
choice. Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 1, 2007
Robert J. Stevens
  Lockheed Martin Corporation 5
2006 Annual Report
