 Our first full year operating approximately 17 percent of Lockheed
as Lockheed Martin was
virtually all that we had hoped. We began the year by announcing our strategic combination with Loral and
ended by posting our 13th half-billion- dollar-plus program win of the year. Along the way, we defied the skeptics — and the odds — by rapidly restructuring, achieving major efficiencies, and successfully inte- grating 17 business cultures into a world- class team that, through synergy, achieved a strong track record.
In less than two years, we have moved into the front ranks of the industry's consolidation and put some huge chal- lenges behind us to create a leading diver- sified global technology company. But perhaps the most meaningful measure is how these successes have translated into increased shareholder value.
Shareholder Value
A good place to start is with the numbers: In 1996 stock in your company rose in value from $79 to $91.50 per share, at year end, a 16 percent increase. And if you reinvested the $1.60 payout of dividends, your annual return was 18 percent. This brings total returns for Lockheed Martin, since it began trading March 16, 1995, to 39 percent — which stacks up pretty well against Standard & Poor's 500 Stock
Index performance of 27 percent for the same period.
We will never rest on our laurels. Our goal is to consistently deliver shareholder returns better than the overall market performance. Our employees are both committed and incentivized to maximize shareholder returns since they own
Martin's outstanding shares. Add to that, our aggressive stock ownership
guidelines for nearly 2,000 individuals in our management ranks; we expect our management team to maintain holdings of two times to five times annual salary, depending on position.
Supporting this market performance, Lockheed Martin's fully diluted earnings in 1996 were $6.04 per share, versus $3.05 in 1995. Earnings per share, exclud- ing nonrecurring items in both years, increased 8 percent to $5.40 in 1996, versus $5.01 in 1995. Our continued emphasis on strong cash management yielded $1 billion in free cash flow during
1996, after expending $244 million of cash payments and $150 million of capital outlays for our integration and consolida- tion program. On the sales front, we recorded $26.9 billion in 1996, compared with $22.9 billion in 1995. During the year, we brought in nearly $30 billion in new orders, and at year end, backlog stood at more than $50 billion — an impressive number, though we constantly remind ourselves that we need to add $1 million of new business every four working minutes just to sustain our revenues.
Enhanced
Competitiveness
If our shareholders already have benefited in the near-term from our consolidation activities, so too will our employees and customers over the longer term. Through
our increased competitiveness, we have achieved one of the most significant
new business win-streaks in the history
of our industry, and are now beginning to hire (and re-hire) a substantial number
of employees to fill the new jobs that have been created.
In addition, through our consolidation and restructuring actions, Lockheed Martin expects to generate over $6 billion in savings through 1999, most of which
is attributable to the Lockheed and Martin Marietta merger. The real payoff comes after 1999, when all up-front costs have abated, and we expect to sustain approxi- mately $2.6 billion in annual savings
or $13 billion over every five-year period thereafter — savings in which both our customers and shareholders will share. The portion that goes to our U.S. government customers, alone, is enough to fund the purchase of 2 Titan IV Centaur rockets,
10 Trident II missiles, 800 Hellfire missiles, 3 C-130Js, 8 F-16s and 100 Army Tactical Missile Systems... all incidentally, Lockheed Martin products!
As noted, the outlook for our employ- ees has brightened, too. We are now hiring at a number of Lockheed Martin operating companies where we won major programs last year — at least partly due to enhanced competitiveness from our consolidation activities and synergy from our combined strengths and ongoing cost-cutting efforts.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist, although we have lots of them, to figure out that these consolidation activities are
a "win-win" for all concerned. But it does, in our case, take a whole lot of talent across every imaginable discipline to make
these changes a reality.
Dear Fellow Shareholders

 Mission Success
From our customers' point of view, a major achievement was our record of con- tinued mission success — which we define on the opening page of this report. Of 307 measurable events last year, we realized a 93 percent mission success rating, includ- ing 7 of 7 Space Shuttle launches, 4 of
4 Peacekeeper launches, 11 of 11 fleet bal- listic missile launches, 13 of 13 expend- able space launch vehicle flights, and 8 of 8 new spacecraft deployments. Add to that, our mission success in completing,
on schedule, installation of LANTIRN pods on F-14 Tomcats to give Navy
aircraft new night fighting capabilities;
joining without a hitch the major fuselage sections of the first F-22 air dominance fighter, which is on track for its first flight in May; conducting the first flight of the C-130J; successful operation of a new air traffic control center in Taiwan; stunning performance of the Advanced Threat Infrared Countermeasures/Common Missile Warning System during U.S. Army tests; the F-16's five millionth flight
hour; completing, with flying colors, a test series on our new super lightweight fuel tank for the Space Shuttle — and many more.
The key to these and literally thousands of other mission success stories were the countless tasks performed with
"As we approach the new millennium, virtually every business organization in the world
is seeking to reengineer itself..."
great dedication by our 190,000 employ- ees. In a year of major consolidation, turmoil and change in the industry, this is an enormous tribute to the talent, commit- ment — and concentration — of the men and women of Lockheed Martin, without whom, none of this would have been possible.
The Strategy That Worked
Behind all the statistics are some impor- tant strategic actions we have taken with the objectives of keeping Lockheed Martin on its growth curve and building share- holder value. As we approach the new millennium, virtually every business orga- nization in the world is seeking to reengineer itself to adapt to a changing environment and seek a competitive edge in the emerging global marketplace.
But perhaps no industry has had a greater imperative to change than aerospace
and defense which, of course, comprises a substantial part of Lockheed Martin's business base.
As is now widely known, the defense industry has been severely impacted by the end of the Cold War. Since the late eighties, the U.S. defense budget has declined significantly, and the procure- ment portion has virtually collapsed — falling by more than two-thirds in real
terms. Any company looking to the future has had to take at least the basic thrust
of Darwin's point seriously that "it is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but rather the one most adaptable to change."
Moving aggressively, Lockheed Martin adopted a three-pronged strategy: (1) Build market share in core businesses through investment and acquisitions, and integrate those businesses to maximize efficiencies; (2) Move into adjacent markets through reasonable investment in selected, closely-related businesses; and (3) Shed less well-positioned and non-core businesses through divestiture. In short, reengineer Lockheed Martin — and
do it fast.
Putting its stake in the ground early, Lockheed Martin moved aggressively to pick strong partners in complementary businesses and at valuations that, in many cases, were a fraction of those prevailing today. Capping a series of acquisitions and mergers since 1993, Lockheed Martin's strategic combination with Loral, com- pleted in April 1996, was the perfect fit
to balance our core businesses and strengthen our competitive position in faster growing markets.

 
 Loral's electronics and systems inte- gration businesses represent an especially strong complement to the rest of Lockheed Martin. Electronics not only drives much of the growth in the commercial market- place but also accounts for 45 percent of the Defense Department acquisition budget — up from only five percent at the end of World War II. The systems integra- tion area also gives us outstanding growth opportunities — with an expanding number of civil government and commercial appli- cations. Areas expected to grow in the rel- atively near term include command, control, communications and intelligence; simulation and training; federal govern- ment outsourcing of information systems and services; advanced air traffic control systems; and space-related electronics. The markets served by the former Loral businesses, combined with the synergies and efficiencies created with heritage Lockheed Martin operations, have improved our outlook for long-term top- line and bottom-line growth, as well as cash flow.
Consolidation on Track
Business combinations, although much publicized, merely assure a position at the
Photograph, left to right:
Vance D. Coffman
President and Chief Operating Officer
starting gate on the fast track of reengi- neering. The really tough challenge
is the timely implementation of consolida- tion and restructuring activities following a merger or acquisition. Our overarching objectives have been to eliminate duplica- tion, close unneeded facilities, institute best practices, capitalize on economies of scale, generate synergy and, generally, maximize efficiencies. It's a difficult and often painful process — definitely not for the timid. But it's critical to reducing costs, enhancing competitiveness, acceler- ating growth and creating more jobs — all of which ultimately benefit customers, employees, U.S. taxpayers and, of course, our shareholders.
In 1996, we made impressive progress on our corporate-wide consolida- tion plans. We reorganized three sectors, closed a number of unneeded facilities, relocated and combined some major programs, and unfortunately announced the elimination of a net 1,600 jobs in connection with this reorganization.
The latter item was the most difficult,
and some critics of our industry used it
as an opportunity, once again, to fire superficial charges and slogans like "payoffs for layoffs."
Norman R. Augustine
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Everyone is of course, entitled to their own opinions. But no one is entitled to their own facts. The facts in this case are that major layoffs in this industry are driven by declines in the defense budget and would probably have been much greater if not for restructuring actions that, quite literally, let companies like Lockheed Martin grow while budgets shrink. We also did the best we could to cushion the blow for those dedicated and able individuals whose jobs were affected. For example, many employees were offered transfers to other parts of Lockheed Martin where their skills were in demand — and for those who were laid off, we provided severance packages, job relocation assistance and various other means of support. And, as noted earlier, due to the enhanced competitiveness and synergies realized from consolidation,
we have won major new programs and begun hiring, and rehiring, in a number
of important areas.
Speaking of Winning...
The synergism (a very descriptive, if sometimes over-used, word from the Greek, sunergos, which means "working together") gained from Lockheed Martin's
Daniel M. Tellep
Chairman (1995 -1996) and Director
"In 1996, we made impressive progress on our corporate-wide
consolidation plans."

 17 heritage companies was a salient factor in our 1996 business wins. Of our major competitions last year, we won an extraor- dinary 68 percent of the programs and
63 percent of the dollars bid. Looking just at the 21 we named as our 1996 "Focus Programs" — those that have significant strategic value — we achieved a 65 percent win rate of dollars bid. And in January,
we won the first of our 1997 programs, the high-priority Navy/DARPA Arsenal Ship program. A few examples of our key 1996 wins are noteworthy:
VentureStarTM — NASA selected Lockheed Martin to build a demonstrator of a completely reusable launch vehicle designed to revolutionize the economics of access to space. Without the aeronautics, space and electronics capabilities brought together in our 1995 merger, we very likely would not have won this program. Our VentureStar concept is coming to life with an all-star team from several operat- ing sectors, working as a 'virtual company,' without respect to organiza- tional boundaries or locations. While the $1 billion of activities under this coopera- tive agreement with NASA are reim- bursable over its multi-year term, its treatment as a research and development program is such that we do not include these dollars in our year-end 1996 backlog.
Joint Strike Fighter —
Lockheed Martin was selected to lead one of two competing teams to develop the next-generation multi-role fighter for the U.S. Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps,
and British Royal Navy. Again, our talented, highly resourceful team prevailed to offer a compelling combination: the best, lowest risk, most affordable design. Contracted activities under this phase of the program are expected to approximate $720 million, which again are reim- bursable but not included in the reported year-end backlog.
Space Based Infrared System (SBIRS) — The Air Force selected Lockheed Martin to lead a team to develop SBIRS, an advanced missile warning and tracking system. Lockheed Martin will provide the satellites, ground stations and systems integration for a total systems solution against the threat of enemy missile attack, whether from ICBMs or Tactical Ballistic Missiles such as the SCUD, which was widely used in the war in the Persian Gulf.
Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) — Lockheed Martin was named one of two competitors for the next phase of the U.S. Air Force's EELV program, a family of lower cost launchers that will eventually replace Delta, Atlas and Titan.
Joint Air-to-Surface
Standoff Missile (JASSM) — Lockheed Martin was one of two teams selected to compete in a two-year
program to design and develop the JASSM next-generation precision-strike missile
for the Air Force and Navy. JASSM will allow pilots to knock out enemy targets with pinpoint accuracy from safe distances.
Hanford Management & Integration — Lockheed Martin is part of a team that will manage activities of the Department of Energy's Hanford Site, a former plutonium production facility in Washington state.
Maneuver Control System —
Lockheed Martin will provide the program management and systems integration
for a critical part of the Army's futuristic command and control architecture.
New Attack Submarine —
Lockheed Martin was awarded a U.S. Navy contract to provide the command, control, communications and intelligence for the New Attack Submarine. Including production options, the potential program value is approximately $1 billion.
The potential value of all of these programs combined could range from $100 billion to $500 billion and these programs are extremely important to our business base, profit and sales growth, as well as to our technological capabilities. We salute the men and women of Lockheed Martin who are working together to apply the best practices from so many proud heritages
to make such accomplishments possible.
From Many...One
Of all the challenges surrounding mergers, acquisitions, consolidation and restructur- ing, none is, in fact, more difficult, impor- tant — or rewarding — than integrating

 many heritage cultures into one coherent and dynamic new entity. In forging the new Lockheed Martin from 17 different company traditions, we learned hard- earned lessons, which help account for the synergy supporting our track record this past year:
First, have a vision and a strategy that everyone can embrace — Hope is not a strategy.
Second, pick strong, healthy partners and then make synergy happen — Be first to choose.
Third, act quickly and decisively to minimize disruption — Uncertainty is often worse than bad news, and it's usually better to be 80 percent correct in time than 100 percent correct too late.
Fourth, organize to gain the power of a big company with the agility of a small one — Strength with speed is the begin- ning of efficiency and effectiveness.
Fifth, start at the top and challenge every assumption — Show that the effort is serious and inclusive.
Sixth, treat diverse corporate cultures as an asset, not an excuse — Embrace
the "best of the best" in both people and practices to make the new culture stronger than the sum of its parts.
Seventh, communicate... communi- cate... communicate — With all constituen- cies, internal and external.
Eighth, keep your eye on the ball — There is still a business to run: Stock market reports have no asterisks indicating "excused for restructuring".
Ninth, intensify your focus on customer services — Make the process of change transparent, but the benefits apparent to your customers.
Founded on three fundamental principles — ethics, mission success and teamwork — the new Lockheed Martin culture is, in the final analysis, a tribute to a pervasive collegial spirit. Creating Lockheed Martin has, in a sense, been like creating a new company with new policies, procedures, standards, organiza- tions, employee benefits — but with almost 200,000 employees ready for action on Day 1. In view of this challenge, the Lockheed Martin team was particularly honored when we were chosen one of the world's 100 best managed corporations
in Industry Week's 1996 survey.
Finally, related to the subject of managing consolidation and restructuring, in 1996, we continued to implement our carefully prepared long-term management succession plan. Effective January 1, Norm Augustine, who had been serving as vice chairman and CEO, assumed the post of chairman and CEO, replacing Dan Tellep, who retains his seat on the board and will continue to make valuable contri- butions to the Corporation. Vance Coffman was elected to the position of president and chief operating officer. In addition, Marc Bennett was named executive vice president and chief financial officer, and Frank Menaker was named to the position of senior vice president and general counsel.
Portfolio Shaping
As part of our strategy to exit certain businesses that did not fit well with our long-term direction, we completed, in
1996, the planned divestiture of Martin Marietta Materials (Materials), the nation's second largest producer of crushed rock. Splitting off our 81 percent interest in Materials, we launched an exchange offer that provided a financially- efficient means of distributing approxi- mately 37 million shares of Materials in exchange for approximately 8 million shares of Lockheed Martin common stock, removing $125 million in Materials' debt from our balance sheet and unlocking new growth opportunities for Materials. Other portfolio shaping during the year included repositioning our CalComp subsidiary and the sale of Lockheed Martin Defense Systems and Lockheed Martin Armament Systems to General Dynamics for $450 million. This transaction closed in 1997.
Through internal cash generation plus a variety of transactions, including the sale of unneeded real estate, debt was reduced by over $700 million since the end of April 1996. Future divestitures and strong cash flow from operations should continue to enhance our financial flexibility and firepower.
In February 1997, Lockheed Martin announced the repositioning of certain non-core business units into a new inde- pendent company to be jointly owned by Lehman Brothers Capital Partners III, L.P., Lockheed Martin, and a management team

 led by Frank C. Lanza, executive vice president of Lockheed Martin. The business units have nearly 4,900 employ- ees and combined 1996 annual revenues exceeding $650 million. At closing (which remains subject to a number of contingen- cies), the transaction is expected to generate in excess of $400 million in cash proceeds (net of taxes), allowing the Corporation to continue its good progress in reducing debt. The Corporation's reten- tion of a partial interest in this joint venture provides an opportunity to continue building additional shareholder value while at the same time concentrating on our core businesses. In conjunction with this transaction, we realigned the businesses that formerly comprised
the C3I & Systems Integration Sector among the Corporation's Electronics and Information & Services Sectors.
Growth Markets
We are accelerating our entry into closely related non-defense markets — very delib- erately, though, as we are determined to defy the old pattern of aerospace industry diversification, which was in retrospect largely unblemished by success. Just a few examples give an idea of this opportunity- rich strategy: We have entered the fast- growing information services outsourcing field, and Fieldcrest Cannon last year chose us to provide those services; we are developing, jointly with Intel Corporation, a 3-D chip that will render richer, more life-like graphics for PC users; we are pro- viding wireless communications compo- nents for a new Personal Communications
Services network, allowing that network to use the existing cable infrastructure; and last year we began to install our E-ZPass electronic toll service on six bridges and tunnels connecting New York and New Jersey, just one of many state and local services programs.
Lockheed Martin has successfully applied its defense and aerospace tech- nologies to new commercial products and services including medical imaging and filmless X-rays; fingerprint recognition technology for the FBI; and graphics boards for Sega's popular arcade games. We are using our technology expertise
to develop large commercial and civil infrastructure projects from full turnkey telecommunications systems and
space imaging to implementing the nation's largest privatized child support payment system.
Ourinternationalbusiness—espe- cially defense, space, electronics, systems integration, information and services — is also important and growing. Today, Lockheed Martin's international business represents about 18 percent of total sales, and we expect it to grow significantly over the next several years. Toward that end, we are actively pursuing strategic alliances with partners on every continent to pool resources, spread risks, enhance market opportunities and apply diverse technology solutions. Examples of this strategy
include a partnership with Russian industry to jointly market the Atlas and Proton
launch vehicles, and a consortium of Asian companies to develop regional mobile telecommunications services, as well as many other international companies with whom we are teamed on major programs.
A Few Clouds
As successful as 1996 was, a company of our size and breadth seemingly always suffers some disappointments. In our case, these included losing the maritime
patrol aircraft competition in the United Kingdom; failing thus far to achieve
an intercept in developmental tests of
the Theater High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system; and losing our initial DarkStar unmanned aerial reconnaissance vehicle during its second test flight. Our contract with the Department of Energy to remediate contaminated waste at the Pit 9 facility in Idaho still faces significant schedule, technical and cost issues.
The good news is that in each of these cases, we learned valuable lessons from the global marketplace to the desolate reaches of the White Sands Missile Test Range,
and we are marshalling our resources to remedy the underlying problems.
Looking Ahead
With all that has been accomplished in the past year, it is no time to be complacent: On January 1, 1997, the register of accom- plishment went back to zero, and while Lockheed Martin has surged forward in the race to consolidate, integrate, diversify and build shareholder value, we are con- stantly challenged by formidable competi- tors, both in the U.S. and abroad.

 We believe that there will be signifi- cant growth in our commercial markets and that the aerospace and defense industry will continue to consolidate. We welcome both. With regard to the latter, a few healthy competitors benefit the customer and the country more than a large number of weakened competitors by offering a more efficient, lower cost, stable defense industrial base. And we would rather compete against strong, healthy companies interested, as are we, in the long term, than weak ones worrying only about survival and thereby taking unpre- dictable risks.
The pending Boeing-McDonnell Douglas and Raytheon-Hughes-Texas Instruments combinations are a clear signal that the state of the industry is still very turbulent. Survival will depend not only on size, but also on speed and com- petitiveness to capitalize on fast-moving changes in global markets, technologies, and the geopolitical landscape. Companies that today make up Lockheed Martin were
Vance D. Coffman
President and Chief Operating Officer
"We believe that there will be
significant growth in our commercial markets and that the aerospace and defense industry will continue to consolidate."
all once much smaller players in a much larger industry — Davids against Goliaths — and happily, we haven't lost our sling- shot aim should it be needed from time-to- time in the future.
Ready For the 21st
Century
1997 should be another landmark year for Lockheed Martin, with opportunities for winning new business, delivering on our promises to customers, rewarding employ- ees, and producing superior financial returns for our shareholders. We have just about completed our integration efforts. And we are somewhat ahead of our plan for realizing cost savings, synergies and improved competitiveness.
In today's highly demanding market- place, particularly in the high-tech world, businesses must be brilliant each and
Norman R. Augustine
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
every day to survive and thrive. Lockheed Martin is off to a fast start with a solid business base, broad technological capa- bilities, financial strength, enhanced com- petitiveness through consolidation and, above all, 190,000 enormously talented employees. Ironically, this greatest of
all assets does not even appear on our balance sheet.
Finally, to our customers, our employees and you, our shareholders, we intend to bring an even stronger, faster, better Lockheed Martin into the 21st century — and to keep going for the gold. And we thank you, once again, for your support in these dynamic but opportunity- laden times.
February 14, 1997
Daniel M. Tellep
Chairman (1995-1996) and Director
