 Dear Fellow Shareholders
A key measure of Lockheed Martin's mission success during 1995 was our record for meeting
major program milestones and commitments.
A Star is Born
By any measure, 1995 was an extraordinarily successful year. The ambitious merger of Lockheed and Martin Marietta, which we embarked upon just one year ago, has surpassed expectations on almost every front: We met or exceeded all financial targets, achieved nearly 100 percent mission success, captured vital new business and made tangible progress toward realizing significant
cost savings. In addition, we have expanded our opportunities by recently entering into a strategic agreement to acquire Loral's defense electronics and systems integration businesses. This out- standing record is attributable to Lockheed Martin's 160,000 men and women whose commitment, performance and willingness to lead and to change have set a new standard.
Financial Results
In 1995, Lockheed Martin's financial strength further improved; both cash flow and income
were better than expectations. Net earnings were $1.12 billion (excluding $436 million in
merger related and consolidation charges), an increase of 17 percent over 1994 earnings (adjusted for non-operating items). On the same basis, 1995 fully diluted earnings per share were $5.01,
or 14.6 percent better than the previous year.
Significantly, Lockheed Martin's ongoing emphasis on strong cash management paid
off with $882 million in free cash flow during 1995, which we applied in several ways to enhance shareholder value, including paying dividends, reducing debt, internal growth, acquisitions and repurchasing 2.3 million shares of common stock.
In our first year of operation, sales were steady at $22.85 billion versus $22.90 billion for 1994. We ended the year with a healthy backlog of $41 billion.
This strong overall financial performance was clearly reflected in the investment community's confidence in Lockheed Martin stock, which increased in value by more than
78 percent during 1995. The total shareholder return for 1995, including dividend reinvestment, topped 81 percent, well above market averages.
2

 Mission Success
"Mission Success" expresses Lockheed Martin's commitment to achieve superior performance and total customer satisfaction in every goal we set and every task we undertake. A key measure of Lockheed Martin's mission success during 1995 was our record for meeting major program milestones and commitments. Just in terms of strategic and tactical missile firings, space vehicle launches, satellites delivered on orbit, aircraft first flights, and Space Shuttle missions Ñ
which totaled 215 during the year Ñ the men and women of Lockheed Martin achieved an extraordinary 96 percent success rate. This outstanding performance was reflected in excellent customer award fee ratings.
In our first year of operation, we also dealt with a few disappointments. The first test flight of our new small launch vehicle was unsuccessful, and we lost some competitions. We gained valuable insights for the future from these experiences and redoubled our commitment to achieve 100 percent mission success as we go forward.
Competitive Performance
In 1995, Lockheed Martin turned in an impressive record of new business awards. Our win rate was over 60 percent of the number of major competitive bids pursued and just under 60 percent of the dollar value bid. This is a record which far surpasses industry averages. Capturing vital new business across the spectrum of our products and services, for both government and commercial customers worldwide, demonstrates Lockheed Martin's broad technological capabilities and competitive strengths. Significantly, several major new business awards resulted from synergies and system solutions realized from our merger.
The Operating Highlights portion of our report details Lockheed Martin's numerous specific business achievements throughout the year. From a broad strategic viewpoint, we:
¥
¥ ¥
¥
¥
Positioned our launch vehicle, satellite and space vehicle ground operations businesses to provide customers with total system solutions, unmatched by our competitors.
Reinforced our position in U.S. military aircraft and continued to expand internationally.
Substantially strengthened our position in growing information systems businesses, both government and commercial, with advanced technology products and services.
Improved our competitive position in defense electronics businesses and created market demand for next generation systems.
Maintained our role as the Department of Energy's single largest services provider, while gaining greater presence in the environmental remediation area.
¥ Enhanced our international business base, which accounts for more than 15 percent of total sales, through synergies, strong in-country presence and relationships with international partners.
Consolidation
On June 26, just three months after our merger and on our original schedule, we announced a corporate-wide consolidation plan, which carries out Lockheed Martin's commitment to maximize efficiencies, improve global competitiveness, expand long-term employment prospects and enhance shareholder value. By year end, we had met all key decision dates; all consolidation

 
 Daniel M. Tellep Chairman
Norman R. Augustine President and
Chief Executive Officer
activities are on or ahead of schedule; and we had made substantive progress toward realizing the significant cost savings anticipated. In the first five years of the plan, we expect to realize
net savings of about $5 billion; when fully implemented, by 1999, we expect to achieve annual savings of $1.8 billion. By increasing economies of scale, capitalizing on corporate-wide synergies and leveraging our added financial strength, consolidation will benefit shareholders, customers and employees.
Management Succession
Toward the end of Lockheed Martin's first year of operation, we also implemented the succession plan we set in place in the August 1994 agreement to merge. As part of this transition, Dan Tellep retired as chief executive officer effective January 1, 1996 and will continue throughout 1996
as chairman of the board. Norm Augustine, previously president, is now president and chief exec- utive officer and will also serve as vice chairman of the board of directors. Vance Coffman was elected to the new position of executive vice president and chief operating officer, effective
January 1, 1996. Vance was formerly president of the Corporation's Space & Strategic Missiles Sector and is succeeded in that position by Mel Brashears, previously executive vice president of Lockheed Martin Missiles & Space. This orderly transition helps to ensure the continued smooth evolution of our merger and strong management continuity in pursuing our strategic goals.
Other key management changes during 1995 were the retirements of Lockheed Martin exec- utive vice presidents, A. Thomas Young and Vincent N. Marafino, following long and distin- guished careers during which they made valuable contributions to our heritage Martin Marietta and Lockheed companies, respectively. Vince will continue as a member of the Lockheed Martin board of directors.
Strategic Combination with Loral
In January 1996, Lockheed Martin and Loral announced a strategic combination to solidify our industry leadership position for the 21st century. When the transaction is complete, Lockheed Martin's annual sales will approach $30 billion with a total backlog in excess of $50 billion,
and we expect to generate between $1.5 billion and $2.0 billion in free cash annually. The Loral transaction is the "set piece" for our business portfolio, effectively balancing Lockheed Martin's prodigious strengths in major platform systems with additional capabilities in electronics, information systems and systems integration.
Under key terms of the agreement, Loral's defense electronics and systems integration businesses are integrated with those of Lockheed Martin, which also holds a 20 percent equity position in the newly formed Loral Space & Communications, expected to become one of the two or three leaders in the fast-growing space communications industry. A major benefit in the agreement is continued participation of Loral's senior management in our new enterprise. Loral chairman and chief executive officer, Bernard Schwartz, will serve as a vice chairman of the Lockheed Martin board of directors, along with Norm Augustine. Loral president and chief

 operating officer, Frank Lanza, will join Lockheed Martin's board of directors and serve as an executive vice president and co-chief operating officer with Vance Coffman. Frank also will serve as acting president of the new Tactical Systems Sector, initially comprising the Loral businesses. This strong executive team will help to ensure a smooth transition and should further enhance our ability to deliver shareholder value in 1996 and beyond.
Looking Ahead
Lockheed Martin's plan for maximizing shareholder value includes ongoing cost reductions, continuing margin expansion, strong positive cash flow and opportunistic portfolio shaping.
Major focus will be placed on debt reduction. In 1995, we also announced broadly based executive stock ownership guidelines, under which senior managers are expected over time to invest various multiples of their compensation in Lockheed Martin stock. We believe this plan will further incentivize management to continue pursuing shareholder value growth.
In carrying out the Lockheed Martin merger, we successfully integrated several different cultures and today are operating as one fully integrated company. A notable accomplishment
is that, in less than a year, we have blended two strong ethics programs into one which is among the strongest in any industry. We also launched a comprehensive compliance program tailored
to the various operating environments of all our businesses. Lockheed Martin's success, as always, will depend on our continued adherence to the highest standards of ethical conduct at every level, which is our uncompromising pledge to our colleagues, customers, shareholders, suppliers and the public.
Lockheed Martin is opening a new chapter in the future of our industry. Success in our extremely competitive, diverse global business depends on the intelligence, intensity and integrity with which we pursue our goals. We take on this enormous challenge with enthusiasm and a sense of stewardship for the future of our many heritage companies and the men and women who are committed daily to mission success.
We also thank all of our shareholders for your continued support.
February 9, 1996
Daniel M.Tellep
Chairman
Norman R. Augustine
President and Chief Executive Officer
