 Dear Fellow StockholDerS
2013 was a year of dynamic change. As the world’s leading aerospace and global security company, we embraced that change, continued our record of exceptional performance, and positioned Lockheed Martin for continued success.
We took proactive steps to strengthen our core and international business, drive opportunities in adjacent markets, streamline our cost structure to improve affordability, and deliver innovations that will address our customers’ challenges today and tomorrow.
Performance has always been our hallmark, and 2013 was no exception. With our customers grappling with increasing budget uncertainty, our goal was to be an anchor of dependability. We kept our promises, delivered on our commitments and acted with integrity in everything we did. This continued commitment to performance translated into higher operating margins, stronger cash flows and a record backlog. In short, we created value for our stockholders, delivered cutting-edge products for our customers, and positioned Lockheed Martin for the future.
Our Leadership Team: From left to right: Orlando P. Carvalho, Executive Vice President, Aeronautics; Patrick M. Dewar, Executive Vice President, Lockheed Martin International; Sondra L. Barbour, Executive Vice President, Information Systems & Global Solutions; Richard F. Ambrose, Executive Vice President, Space Systems; Marillyn A. Hewson, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Bruce L. Tanner, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Richard H. Edwards, Executive Vice President, Missiles and Fire Control; Dale P. Bennett, Executive Vice President, Mission Systems and Training.
This letter includes references to segment operating profit, segment margin and free cash flow, which are non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations between our non-GAAP measures and the nearest GAAP measures, please refer to the Form 10-K portion of this Annual Report.
I 2013 AnnuAl RepoRt
 
 Lockheed Martin Chairman, President and CEO Marillyn Hewson Creating Value for Our Stockholders
In this time of budget constraints and changing market dynamics, we know the importance of creating value for you, our stockholders, by improving profitability and generating strong returns and cash.
Our stock closed the year at $148.66 per share, up from $92.29 per share at the close of 2012 — a 61 percent increase. In total, we generated a 68 percent total stockholder return, a result of continued outstanding financial performance and a strong dividend yield. Financial highlights include:
• Sales of $45.4 billion, down 4 percent versus 2012.
• Record segment operating profit of $5.8 billion.
• Record segment margin of 12.7 percent.
• Record diluted earnings per share from continuing
operations of $9.04.
• Record backlog of $82.6 billion.
• Net earnings from continuing operations increased
7 percent to about $3.0 billion.
• Cash from operations of $4.5 billion, after making
pension contributions of $2.25 billion.
Cash generation is built into our operating discipline, and we used that cash to deliver value to you while investing in our future. We continued to exceed our commitment of returning at least 50 percent of free
cash flow to our stockholders. We paid $1.5 billion in dividends — 2013 was our eleventh year in a row of a double-digit per share dividend increase. We also repurchased 16.2 million shares of stock for
$1.8 billion. In total, we returned almost 90 percent of free cash flow to stockholders. At the same time, we invested $836 million into our business in capital expenditures, improving the quality and efficiency of our operations.
Delivering for Our Customers
We were encouraged to see Congress pass a two-year budget agreement in December. The stability created by this agreement will improve our ability to plan for the future and is a welcome step toward a long-term solution to our nation’s budgetary challenges.
We’re committed to supporting our customers by meeting our commitments, driving affordability and improving our agility and responsiveness. Our portfolio is strategically aligned with the technologies and services our customers want — both now and in the future. As the global security landscape evolves, we believe that the need for powerful, flexible systems like the F-35 Lightning II, Littoral Combat Ship, integrated missile defense, information technology and advanced satellites will grow. By coupling superior performance with a portfolio aligned to our customers’ needs, we believe that we’re positioned to meet the demands of customers around the globe.
Across our portfolio, we delivered many key achievements in 2013:
F-35 Lightning II: 2013 was another year of accelerating progress on our 5th generation, multirole, multi-variant, stealth fighter. The F-35 achieved numerous milestones this year:
• The F-35A completed its first in-flight missile launch.
• The F-35B, Short Take-off Vertical Landing
(STOVL) variant completed its first vertical take-off, first vertical night landing, and first vertical night landing at sea on the USS Wasp.
• The F-35C carrier variant completed its first in-flight dual refueling, where two fighters were refueled simultaneously by a Lockheed Martin KC-130 Hercules.
• The Netherlands selected the F-35 as the official replacement for its fleet of F-16s.
• We celebrated the production of the 100th F-35.
Lockheed Martin corporation
II

Our continued focus on affordability is helping us adapt to our customers’ budget constraints. Costs of
the airframe have declined 55 percent from initial production fighters to those rolling off the production line today. And we’re continuing our efforts to decrease costs across the entire program.
Littoral Combat Ship (LCS): It’s “full speed ahead” for the LCS program as the fleet continues to grow. A fast, maneuverable surface combatant, the LCS is a flexible, versatile platform built for today’s dynamic global security environment. This operational flexibility means it can take on missions ranging from mine-clearing
to anti-submarine and anti-surface warfare, as well as security and humanitarian missions in both coastal and open waters. This year the USS Freedom deployed to Southeast Asia and participated in its first Cooperation Afloat Readiness Training exercise. And USS Freedom delivered humanitarian assistance and disaster relief supplies to the Philippines in response to the devastation caused by Typhoon Haiyan. The USS Fort Worth completed final contractor trials in San Diego, and in December we launched the Milwaukee. Construction of the Detroit, Little Rock, and Sioux City is under way.
Missile Defense: Our air and missile defense systems demonstrated an unmatched ability to protect against the full spectrum of 21st century threats — from hostile aircraft to cruise and ballistic missiles. Years ago we pioneered the combat-proven “hit-to-kill” technology that defeats incoming targets and their payloads through force of impact alone. Three of our business segments participated in a ground-breaking Missile Defense Agency test that proved the value of an integrated, layered missile shield. Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense; the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD); and the Command, Control, Battle Management and Communications systems worked together to intercept two ballistic missile targets that were launched nearly simultaneously. In addition, the Medium Extended Air Defense System (MEADS), firing PAC-3 Missiles, intercepted and destroyed two targets attacking simultaneously from opposite directions — an unprecedented feat. These tests proved yet again that the capability and maturity of our portfolio of missile defense systems are unequaled.
We continue to see strong demand for our missile defense systems. In 2013 we signed a $3.9 billion THAAD production contract that includes systems for both the U.S. Army and the United Arab Emirates, and Kuwait became the sixth international customer for the PAC-3 Missile.
Information Technology: On the IT front, we marked major deliveries and strategic international growth in 2013. We delivered new crime-solving capabilities via the FBI’s Next Generation Identification system that improve latent fingerprint search accuracy to help solve cold cases and advance crime-solving capabilities. We were also awarded a contract to provide the United Kingdom’s Ministry of Justice with Service Integration and Management support to deliver consolidated IT services across the organization’s complex, multi- supplier IT environment. And we were selected to design and secure the Active Network Infrastructure for NATO’s new headquarters in Brussels, Belgium.
As industry and government face growing threats
from persistent cyber attackers, we have been equally determined in defending against them. For our cyber security customers — and for our own internal networks — we have developed robust threat detection and mitigation processes for safeguarding IT resources and securing vital assets.
Satellites and Space Systems: Our space portfolio marked a number of milestone launches in 2013.
In March, the U.S. Air Force’s second Space Based Infrared System (SBIRS) Geosynchronous Earth Orbit (GEO-2) satellite also launched successfully. SBIRS delivers critical missile warning information that helps protect the U.S. and its allies. The second Mobile User Objective System (MUOS) satellite was launched
in July. The MUOS constellation delivers secure, prioritized voice and data communications, a first for mobile warfighters who need high-speed mission data on the move. NASA’s Mars Atmosphere and Volatile EvolutioN (MAVEN) spacecraft launched in November from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. As pictured on the cover of this annual report, MAVEN will perform the first dedicated mission to survey the upper atmosphere of Mars.
Positioning for the Future
With U.S. federal budgets under pressure and long-term fiscal challenges on the horizon, we’re taking proactive measures to position Lockheed Martin for growth
and continued success. Our major areas of focus are growing internationally, improving our affordability and innovating for growth.
Growing Internationally: Lockheed Martin is a global company. We do business in 70 nations around the world and have more than 1,000 global partnerships.
III
2013 AnnuAl RepoRt

And with a growing international backlog, we are well positioned with respect to our goal of growing international sales over the next few years to over 20 percent of total revenue.
To accelerate the growth of our international business, in July we announced the formation of Lockheed Martin International, a new organization responsible for growing our global business.
Our path to a more robust global portfolio includes:
• Strengthening partnerships with customers, suppliers and educational institutions, so we can offer more value to in-country economies, industries and citizens.
• Drawing on the depth and breadth of our portfolio to create enterprise-wide offerings that integrate the best of the technologies, services and expertise that Lockheed Martin has to offer.
• Sharpening and unifying our focus, resources and strategies in each international market through the Lockheed Martin International team.
We took proactive steps in 2013 to expand our international presence. We acquired the Amor Group,
a United Kingdom-based company that expands our capabilities in information technology solutions for
the energy, transport and public services sectors. And we won a number of international contracts, including the renewal of our air traffic control work in the UK, C-130Js for Saudi Arabia, IT networks for the UK,
Joint Air to Surface Standoff Missiles in Finland, and helicopter targeting and radar systems for the Republic of Korea. Our F-35 final assembly and checkout facility is up and running in Italy. We believe that these strategic moves — coupled with our already strong portfolio — will lead to robust international growth in the future.
Improving our Affordability: As our customers face increasingly complex mission demands, we are committed to helping them do more with less. That means finding ways to run our operations more efficiently and to reduce costs. In 2013, we made difficult decisions and took action to ensure we remain competitive in a dynamic marketplace.
In November we announced plans to close our operations in Newtown, Pennsylvania; Akron, Ohio; Goodyear, Arizona; and Horizon City, Texas. We will also close four buildings on our Sunnyvale, California, campus. The important work being performed in these facilities will transition to other Lockheed Martin
facilities, with closures expected to be complete by mid-2015.
These decisions followed a review of our current facility capacity and future workload projections and are part of our initiative to reduce costs and make our products and services more affordable. Since 2008, we’ve reduced overhead costs, cut capital expenses, removed 7.2 million square feet of facility space, and made the difficult decision to reduce our workforce from 146,000 employees to approximately 115,000. The actions announced in November will further streamline our facility footprint by nearly 2.5 million square feet and lower our overhead costs.
Closing facilities and reducing our workforce of dedicated employees are among the most difficult decisions we make. We took these actions because we believe they will make Lockheed Martin a stronger, leaner, healthier company — one that is better positioned to serve our customers and compete both domestically and internationally.
Innovating for Growth: We continued to push the envelope to drive the development of new technologies, make our existing products more relevant and shape the future. In 2013 we increased our independent research and development investment by 13 percent to
$697 million as part of our commitment to innovating for growth.
We’re bringing next-generation innovation to directed energy weapon systems. We successfully demonstrated a prototype laser system that can defeat incoming rockets, unmanned aircraft in flight, as well as small boats. The results of 2013 testing of the Area Defense Anti-Munitions system included destroying eight
small free-flying rockets at a range of just under a mile. High-energy lasers are a complement to traditional, missile intercept systems and have unique attributes, including very low cost-per-engagement and minimal collateral damage.
Two of our business segments collaborated
to demonstrate that one operator can fly and
control multiple unmanned aerial systems (UAS) simultaneously. We integrated the prototype Unmanned Carrier Launched Airborne Surveillance and Strike vehicle from Aeronautics with a command and control system from Information Systems & Global Solutions. Our systems worked in concert with Navy systems
to provide UAS operators with richer intelligence
and a more integrated picture of the battlefield. This
Lockheed Martin corporation
IV

 Employee Photo Here
Jan Phillips, an Aeronautics production employee in Fort Worth, assembles components for the F-35 Lightning II
innovation is an example of our ability to collaborate across our portfolio to make our systems more relevant and valuable for our customers.
Another arena where we’re innovating for growth
is sustainability. This continues to be a key priority
for us, as we apply innovative solutions to protect
the environment, strengthen communities and drive responsible growth. One example of how innovation
in sustainability is opening new markets is Ocean Thermal Energy Conversion (OTEC). OTEC uses the ocean’s natural thermal gradient to generate power. On an average day, 60 million square kilometers of tropical seas absorb an amount of solar radiation equivalent
to the energy produced by approximately 250 billion barrels of oil. The temperature difference between deep and shallow ocean waters offers tremendous potential for producing energy. In 2013 we signed a contract with Reignwood Group to develop and build a 10-megawatt OTEC power plant. This plant will be the largest OTEC project developed to date, and represents a new adjacent market growth opportunity for the Corporation.
For our ongoing sustainability efforts, we were pleased to be recognized by a number of outside organizations. We were named to a highly-respected benchmark for sustainability, the 2013 Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index. CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) scored us one of the top companies worldwide on its 2013 Global Carbon Performance Leadership Index. And we advanced to be among the top three
companies in our industry for environmental, social and governance performance as ranked by MSCI, a leading provider of indices and portfolio analytics.
Leading the Way
No review of 2013 would be complete without
thanking Robert J. Stevens for his many years of service as Chairman and CEO of Lockheed Martin Corporation. His strong leadership guided our company through a period of sustained growth and exceptional performance. We salute Bob as a colleague and a friend, and we wish him the best in all his future endeavors.
As we look ahead to 2014, we do so with confidence. Our performance and innovation are as strong as ever. Our portfolio is well-aligned to our customers’ current and future needs. And our strategy has us positioned for success on the global stage. We will not flinch in meeting our customers’ most challenging expectations, and we will not falter in delivering innovation that
will help our customers strengthen global security, deliver essential citizen services and advance scientific discovery. We look forward to a bright future with confidence and determination.
Marillyn A. Hewson Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 V
2013 AnnuAl RepoRt
