To Our Shareholders:
The Year in Review
In a year marked by exciting challenges and new opportunities,
Lincoln Financial Group demonstrated its ability to grow and
achieve great success. Our employees worked diligently to integrate two great companies, create
new reporting structures and align
all our businesses under a single guiding strategy. All this
was accomplished while delivering
uninterrupted performance across our
retail product lines, reaching our major integration 
milestones, and reporting record earnings per share.
Strong Financial Performance
• Net income of $1.32 billion, or
a record $5.13 per diluted share
• $29.1 billion in consolidated retail deposits
• Consolidated retail net flows of $6.3 billion
• $15.1 billion and $8.0 billion in full-year institutional deposits and net flows, respectively
• $234 billion consolidated assets under management
• Total shareholder return approaches 30 percent and 
surpasses the S&P 500 by more than 10 percentage points
Our strong earnings and capital position allowed us to return
$1.4 billion of capital to shareholders in 2006 through stock
repurchase activity and dividend payments.
Merger Integration Update
We began our merger integration with Jefferson-Pilot Financial and
in the process lived up to our
promises to investors. The
merger increased our distribution breadth throughout our retail 
distribution channels. In addition, the merger has expanded our
life and annuity product offerings available to our existing ch
annels, and increased our capital position to support growth. We
added more scale to our operations, and positioned ourselves for growth in the future.
As evidenced by this past year, the growth in net income wa
s positively impacted by the merger, which closed on April 3,
2006. Since the merger, our leadership pres
ence in the life insurance industry has increased in all the channels we serve. Our key
integration accomplishments include appointing our highly 
experienced leadership team; creating a comprehensive cost system that
provided a financial map of our businesses; developing a 
uniform and coordinated planning and budgeting process; and beginning
to harmonize compensation and benefits programs.
Retirement Income Security
At Lincoln Financial Group we recognize that individuals go th
rough distinct phases once they “retire.” It is our intent to
help clients do more than create wealth; we provide solutions
that give them the means and confidence to embrace their future
through all life’s later transitions. This, we believe, is the greatest opportunity for sustainable, profitable growth for 
Lincoln and its
advisors.
This strategic intent has been embedded into all of our businesses. The Retirement Income Security Ventures group was
established in 2006 to collaborate across all Lincoln business units to align products, services and other solutions to address
the
needs of clients, particularly our target audience of mass affluent boomers. Led by Heather Dzielak, senior vice president, the
group is also engaged in research and development to understand the customer experience.
Branding continues as a key element of our strategy. Our efforts are focused primarily on financial intermediaries and
affluent customers, and this year we recognize the critical 
importance of building an internal brand culture to ensure that customer-
facing employees deliver the brand experience. We are looking at all our touchpoints to make certain they drive a consistent
brand
experience for all employees, intermediaries and customers.
Key Accomplishments
Our corporate strategy was designed to propel the strategies
of our business segments and, in turn, drive performance and
leverage the strengths of the merged organization.
Lincoln participates in many markets with multiple products and services. We aim to add market share in each of these, a
goal that was advanced in 2006. Lincoln al
so laid the groundwork for a larger, more
powerful unified product suite to come in
2007.
Lincoln Financial Distributors (LFD)
Terry Mullen was named president of LFD in December. Previously, he was senior vice president and head of Sales for
LFD.
LFD just keeps getting bigger and stronger.
With the successful closing of the merger, LFD combined its distribution forces
with 277 external and 202 internal wholesalers. Fifty percent of
the 479 wholesalers have more than two years of tenure, which
helps build momentum and create success. Generally, the longer a
wholesaler is with one firm, the more productive they become.
We strongly believe that LFD will continue to be the engine of growth for Lincoln. We expect the 
consistent success of our
unique solutions-based distribution model to drive further gains in market share across all product categories. Additionally,
we will
continue to invest in wholesaler expansion to foster business growth and our goal to be the number one distribution firm in the
industry as we deliver on our Retirement Income
Security brand promise to all our customers.
Individual Markets
Individual Markets provides individual annuity and life produc
ts through two business segments, both led by Mark Konen.
On the annuity side the product suite includes fixed, indexed, and variable annuities
that are used as wealth accumulation and
protection vehicles. The Life Insurance segment offers wealth
protection and transfer opportunities through term insurance, a
linked-benefit product, which is a universal life insurance 
policy linked with riders that provide for long-term costs, and both single
and survivorship versions of universal life and variable universal life. This product balance addresses the various phases of
the
retirement wealth cycle and positions Lincoln to provide comprehensive solutions.
Individual Annuities
In 2006, we continued to experience success with our first wave of industry-leading Retirement Income Security products.
One clear measure is the elections of the i4LIFE® benefit,
which in 2005 surpassed the $1 billion mark, and our 2006 results were
up more than 50 percent. In addition, our Smart Security Advantage gained market acceptance,
with elections of this rider totaling
46% of individual variable annuity deposits in 2006.
Individual Life Insurance
In a product line heavily impacted by integration efforts, our distribution and manufacturing organizations remained focused
on new business as illustrated by life insurance sales increasing
9% above combined Lincoln and Jefferson-Pilot results in 2005.
We remain committed to maintaining appropriate risk management
and pricing discipline despite the competitive environment that
existed in 2006.
Employer Markets
In conjunction with integrating Lincoln and Jefferson-Pilot,
we created a new Employer Markets business unit under the
leadership of Wes Thompson who was named president. He was
formerly the chief executive officer and president of LFD.
The creation of this business unit allows us to better capitalize
on the success we have already achieved in this marketplace,
including more than $35 billion in assets under management and
administration, and on trends in defined benefit plans. These
trends include a decline in defined benefit pension plans and an increase in voluntary defined contribution plans, such as 
401(k)s
and 403(b)s, and similar trends toward volu
ntary group life and disability, giving way to a convergence of distribution strategies.
During 2006, we saw positive flows in the defined contribution arena. Also, the leadership team 
sought opportunities to
capitalize on revenue synergies by leveraging
our group life, disability and dental business products with our defined contribution
platform for a single employer solution. We also believe that the provisions in the Pension 
Protection Act of 2006 will also add
growth opportunities for Employer Markets. Lincoln is committed to investing in this high-potential business to capitalize on
these opportunities.
Lincoln Financial Network (LFN)
Bob Dineen continues as president of LFN. The structure
he developed after the merger was announced – with emphasis
on growth and recruiting, service and value
of affiliation, and risk management – is
a success as LFN has emerged with a larger
,
more diverse and powerful producer force of 4,000 and relationships with more than 10,000 general agents around the country.
Building upon the foundation of a strong unified product portfolio, tremendous advisor support and continued investment for
growth, LFN is well-positioned for a successful 2007.
Investment Management
The Investment Management segment has experienced exceptional momentum during the past few years, and 2006 was no
exception. The segment experienced strong deposits and net flows,
despite the closing of two highly successful strategies early in
2006 due to capacity constraints. Total net flows at year-end 2006 as a percentage of assets under management at the beginning
of
the year were 12%, among the highest in the industry.
Patrick Coyne, a 17-year veteran of Delaware Investments with
expertise in managing both fixed income and equity teams
and portfolios, was named president of Delaware Investments in
2006. Pat has been an integral part of attracting many new
investment teams to Delaware Investments throughout the past few years. In 2006, we expanded our in-house capabilities with a
new Emerging Markets team.
Delaware Investments is attracting a great deal of attention from the industry as one of the top managers of retail mutual
funds and institutional assets. Delaware Investments received
a #4 ranking in the 2006 Best Mutual-Fund Families, published in
the February 5, 2007 issue of
Barron’s
, and ahead of many of our better-known competitors. This is the second time in four years
that the Delaware Family of Funds has been ranked at #4.
We are confident that Delaware Investments will continue to
experience strong growth across all asset classes and product lines.
Lincoln United Kingdom (Lincoln UK)
Michael Tallett-Williams, president and managing director
, leads Lincoln’s effort in the United Kingdom.
In 2006, we saw the continuation of stable results for Lincoln UK. The focus of retaining customers through good service
remains, and this led to the highest ever results from our customer satisfaction surveys. It is also reflected in excellent customer
retention statistics in a year when there was an un
usually high burden of legislative changes.
Looking forward, Lincoln UK has developed and is now starting to build a program to deliver a Retirement Income
capability in the U.K. This is an exciting opportunity building on the products and knowledge developed in the U.S. and the
market knowledge and delivery capability existing in the U.K.
Lincoln Financial Media
In 2006, this segment experienced the ramifications of the market
conditions as domestic car sales and rising home mortgage
rates caused advertisers to reduce their budgets. However, overall, we were pleased with Lincoln Financial Media’s results.
Our People and Community
An organization is only as good as its people, and we built
our company on a foundation of talented and diverse employees.
Credit for our 2006 accomplishments is owed to our exceptional
team of more than 10,000 professionals who executed flawlessly
in 2006 to meet and exceed our customers’ expectations. It is th
rough the leadership of our “A”
players that we are able to achieve
higher standards of performance for our
customers, shareholders and communities.
Lincoln was honored by
Working Mother
magazine by becoming part of their Hall of Fame. The new “Hall of Fame” list
recognizes companies named as a “100 Best
Companies for Working Mothers” at leas
t 15 times in the 20-year history of the
Magazine’s listing.
Lincoln was listed on the “Business Committee for the Arts (BCA
) Ten 2006” as one of the “Best Companies Supporting the
Arts in America.” BCA and
FORBES
magazine are the sponsors of this recognition program, which honors companies each year
for their exceptional support of the arts across the United States.
We take our responsibility to our shareholders very seriously, and we view our responsibility to our communities in the same
manner. We firmly believe that our commitment to being a respons
ible corporate citizen benefits all stakeholders and helps to
deliver solid results to our shareholders.
Lincoln Financial Foundation and Jefferson-Pilot Foundation merged to become Lincoln Financial Foundation. Last year,
the combined foundations contributed more than $12 million to
support human services, educational, and arts and sciences
organizations located in regions where Lincoln has a presence.
In 2006, Lincoln Financial Foundation also contributed in exce
ss of $1 million to United Way agencies across the country
where our employees work. Our employees donated nearly
$1 million to the United Way in workplace campaigns.
The Year Ahead
Growth remains our number one goal for 2007. Skeptics say companies cannot grow when they are completing a merger.
However, we proved them wrong in 2006 and
intend to do so again in 2007. Our challenge for this year is to build upon our
inherent strengths – our market presence, customer focus, growth and solid fundamentals.
We enter 2007 stronger than ever before and more optimistic
in our ability to drive our business forward, enabling us to
provide strong results to our customers and shareholders. In closing, we thank our customers for their business, our investors
for
their confidence, our shareholders for their encouragement, and our “A” players for
their commitment to our company’s success.
We are grateful for your trust and support as we continue our intent to be
the
Retirement Income Security Company.
Sincerely,
Jon A. Boscia
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 1, 2007
