2013 Annual Letter to Shareholders Dear Shareholders, It was another pivotal year for our organization, with our strong performance in 2013 being the latest example of our ability to effectively deliver on our business strategies and maintain our focus on achieving long-term, sustainable growth. Our business benefited further from improved macroeconomic conditions that included strong equity markets and rising interest rates. As a result, Lincoln had an outstanding year. Our stock closed the year at approximately $52 a share, an increase of 99 percent from a year ago. Lincoln's stock performance continued to be among the best in our peer group, with the competition ending the year at an average increase of 61 percent. We also outpaced the Standard & Poor's ("S&P") 500® and S&P 500 Financial Sector® indices1, which increased by 30 percent and 33 percent, respectively. In addition, our common stock dividend grew by 44 percent from 2012. Results from our strong performance in 2013 went well beyond gains in our share price and growth in our dividend. Other key highlights included: x x x x x x Operating earnings per share reached a record level, up 13 percent for the full year* Assets under management also reached a record level, ending the year at $207 billion, up 16 percent Operating return on equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI"), was 12 percent* Book value per share, excluding AOCI, was up 10 percent* Sales were strong across all business lines, up 20 percent Continued capital strength that was evidenced by a record amount of statutory capital at year end

We see great opportunity for continued growth in our four lines of business: Life Insurance, Annuities, Retirement Plan Services ("RPS") and Group Protection. Our overall strategy remains consistent and stable, yet flexible enough to make adjustments as needed. Importantly in 2013, although improved, interest rates remained low. In response, we have repriced our product portfolio over the last two years, and we are getting very attractive returns on new business sales. Also, our Group Protection business reported weak earnings. We took aggressive pricing actions aimed at returning margins to higher levels to drive improved earnings. Moving forward, we are confident we have the strategies in place to deliver on all of our business objectives, as well as to respond to external conditions outside of our direct control. Key areas where we will dedicate our attention include: Targeting the fastest growing industry segments. We will also focus on the fastest growing segments within our four lines of business. The mid-large government and healthcare markets in RPS and the employee-paid segments ­ both voluntary and worksite ­ in Group Protection are just two examples. Tapping distribution strength to enter new markets and establish a stronger foothold in emerging markets. The driving force behind all of our efforts remains a powerful distribution franchise ­ one now including a record 66,000 third-party advisors and agents choosing to sell Lincoln products. Looking ahead, not only will we continue to tap our existing retail, wholesale and worksite teams to deliver outstanding results, but we will widen our footprint even more through wholesaler expansion in our life and retirement businesses and by adding distribution partners. Our relationship with Primerica, which began fully in 2012, is a great example of the value our expanded presence offers, with $400 million of variable annuities sold in 2013 and a new opportunity moving forward to access the middle market. Leading a strategy that is nimble, yet consistent. We are constantly making strategic adjustments in response to customer preferences, new insight and macroeconomic conditions. Two such shifts are underway now and significant energy is being devoted to them. The first is reducing the amount of long-term guarantees in our sales mix. The second is increasing the amount of earnings derived from products that have mortality and morbidity based-risk, such as long- and short-term disability, term life insurance, and accident and critical illness products. These shifts are important because they will improve our share price performance over the long term by moderately decreasing our reliance on interest rates and equity market performance, and diversify risk. Actively managing capital. In 2013, we repurchased 12 million shares at a cost of approximately $450 million. Buying back our stock below book value over time has generated significant value for our shareholders. We still see value in our stock, and we will continue share repurchases this year. Building our brand and investing in the community. Our brand platform - You're In Charge® - truly speaks to what we are all about as an organization. It is a message that comes to life through customer-facing employees that are empowered to ensure a great client

1

The Daily Alert, a MZILIOS service. Lincoln defines its peer group as Genworth Financial, Inc., Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc., Manulife Financial Corp., MetLife, Inc., Principal Financial Group, Inc., Protective Life Corp., Prudential Financial, Inc., Sun Life Financial, Inc., Symetra Financial Corporation, Torchmark Corp., and Unum Group.

experience, by employees volunteering in the community, and through providing our advisors with new ways to help their clients achieve their financial goals. Our Chief Life Officer® advertising campaign evokes optimism and inspires Americans to feel confident that they are in control of their financial futures. We will continue to connect with consumers through education-based initiatives such as our Chief Life Officer website and retirement readiness programs, as well as by ensuring that our distribution channels have strong wealth protection expertise. The spirit of empowerment will also continue to be exhibited through our investments in community development, and through our strong dedication to diversity and inclusion initiatives. The Lincoln Foundation will once again donate approximately $10 million to grantees in the communities where our employees live and work. Lastly, we operate in a highly regulated industry which is quickly evolving. We are primarily regulated by states, and as new industry changes are made, we are urging regulators to apply credible weight to consumer value as well as solvency. New regulation on the federal level, and possibly by foreign agencies, will also affect our industry. Lincoln has taken a very active role in the discussions thus far, and we will remain engaged in the dialogue as it evolves. In closing, on behalf of the more than 9,000 employees across the country, we would like to thank you for your continued trust and investment in our organization. We could not be more proud of what we achieved in 2013, and we could not be more excited about what we will accomplish moving forward.

Dennis R. Glass President and CEO March 27, 2014

William H. Cunningham Chairman of the Board

* A reconciliation of income from operations, operating return on equity (excluding accumulated other comprehensive income "AOCI") and book value per share (excluding AOCI) to their most comparable GAAP measures appears on the next page. Forward-Looking Statements ­ Cautionary Language Statements in this letter that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. See "Forward-Looking Statements ­ Cautionary Language" beginning on page 33 and "Risk Factors" beginning on page 16. Income (loss) from operations and return on equity ("ROE") are internal measures used by our management and Board of Directors to evaluate and assess the results of our segments. Income (loss) from operations is net income as defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") excluding the after-tax effects of the following items, as applicable: x Realized gains and losses associated with the following ("excluded realized gain (loss)"):  Sales or disposals of securities;  Impairments of securities;  Changes in the fair value of derivatives, embedded derivatives within certain reinsurance arrangements and our trading securities;  Changes in the fair value of the derivatives we own to hedge our guaranteed death benefit ("GDB") riders within our variable annuities;  Changes in the fair value of the embedded derivatives of our guaranteed living benefit ("GLB") riders accounted for at fair value, net of the change in the fair value of the derivatives we own to hedge them; and  Changes in the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities related to index call options we may purchase in the future to hedge contract holder index allocations applicable to future reset periods for our indexed annuity products accounted for at fair value. Changes in reserves resulting from benefit ratio unlocking on our GDB and GLB riders; Income (loss) from reserve changes, net of related amortization, on business sold through reinsurance; Gains (losses) on early extinguishment of debt; Losses from the impairment of intangible assets; Income (loss) from discontinued operations; and Income (loss) from the initial adoption of new accounting standards.

x x x x x x

Return on equity measures how efficiently we generate profits from the resources provided by our net assets. Return on equity as used herein is calculated by dividing income (loss) from operations by average equity, excluding AOCI.

