2015 Annual Letter to Shareholders Dear Shareholders, Lincoln Financial Group is committed to creating long-term value for shareholders through strategic investments in franchise expansion and active capital management. Since 2009, we have made significant progress on this commitment by growing income from operations per share at a 12 percent rate, improving our operating return on equity by nearly 300 basis points, increasing book value per share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI") at a 7 percent rate and returning almost $4 billion of capital to shareholders through share buybacks and dividends.1 Lincoln's franchise, based on our industry-leading distribution, product breadth and brand, is as strong as ever. Our financial strength is excellent, as we have used the last several years to further fortify our balance sheet and liquidity profile. As a result, we are optimistic that we will continue to advance Lincoln, while maintaining flexibility to take advantage of opportunities and meet challenges. Our advancement is driven by our consistent market presence and focus on products individual Americans need. Annually, we commit approximately $1 billion of long-term capital to deliver products that provide legacy planning, retirement funding and income replacement. Simply put, our products and services offer security and peace of mind. We enhance this with strategic investments, including nearly $150 million last year, to further enrich our customers' experience and bolster confidence. Our growth has also enabled us to continue to make investments in our Company, including increasing the number of our employees to more than 9,300, up 13 percent since 2009. Bottom line, these long-term commitments and alignment with all our key stakeholders are rewarding shareholders. Last year marked the third consecutive three-year cycle where our total return to shareholders was among the best in the industry. Over this time, our share price increased 81 percent compared to a 36 percent gain for our peer group.2 Nevertheless, Lincoln shares underperformed peers by 2 percent in 2015, which marked the first time we trailed our peer group on an annual basis since 2011. While we are disappointed with the short-term share price performance, we are pleased with our long-term track record and another solid year of financial results. Notably, we continue to deliver consistent and profitable growth including: x x x x x x x x Income from operations per share of $5.461 Operating revenues of $13.9 billion reached a record level1 Positive consolidated net flows in each quarter resulted in annual net flows of $6 billion, up 9 percent from 2014 Assets under management totaled $219 billion, a year-end record Book value per share, excluding AOCI, exceeded $52, up 6 percent from 20141 Operating return on equity, excluding AOCI, was 11 percent1 Capital returned to shareholders accelerated as share buybacks grew by 38 percent from 2014 coupled with a 25 percent increase in common stock dividends declared Statutory capital as of year-end once again exceeded $8 billion

As we look forward, we remain confident that our key strategic objectives aimed at driving long-term, sustainable growth in our four business segments--Life Insurance, Annuities, Retirement Plan Services and Group Protection--are firmly intact. Importantly, these objectives and our financial plans are reviewed by our Board of Directors, and the Board shares management's optimism. Key strategies where we will dedicate our attention include: Leveraging our powerful distribution to maintain market leading positions while expanding into new markets. Lincoln's distribution franchise remains our engine as retail, wholesale and worksite teams continue to deliver outstanding results. Over 90,000 producers have chosen to sell a Lincoln product during the past two years, and our consistent presence in key markets affords us the opportunity to further expand distribution partners, tilt product mix and methodically grow sales. Targeting the fastest growing industry segments. Favorable shifts in demographics and the fraying of traditional government and corporate safety nets create attractive growth opportunities in select markets. We will capitalize on these opportunities with the mid-large government and healthcare markets in Retirement Plan Services, employee-paid products in Group Protection and fixed indexed products in Annuities as a few examples. Continuing to diversify the Company's risk profile. We remain steadfast in our commitment to reduce the amount of long-term guarantees in our sales mix. In 2015, just 29 percent of our sales included products with long-term guarantees, down from 40 percent in 2009. We are also focused on increasing the amount of earnings derived from products that have mortality and morbidity based-risk. Further recovery in earnings from Group Protection, which continues to benefit from product pricing increases and claims management enhancements, combined with more normal Life Insurance mortality should benefit this initiative in 2016 and beyond. _____________________________
1 A reconciliation of income from operations per share, operating revenues, operating return on equity (excluding AOCI) and book value per share (excluding AOCI) to their most comparable GAAP measures appears below. 2 Lincoln defines its peer group as Genworth Financial, Inc.; Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc.; Manulife Financial Corp.; MetLife, Inc.; Principal Financial Group, Inc.; Protective Life Corp.; Prudential Financial, Inc.; Sun Life Financial, Inc.; Symetra Financial Corporation; Torchmark Corp.; and Unum Group.

Actively managing capital. Capital generation and deployment remain key pillars to our story, and we are pleased with our progress. In 2015, we repurchased $900 million of Lincoln stock and increased our dividend by 25 percent. Our outlook for free-cash-flow conversion, or what percentage of operating income is available for buybacks and dividends, also improved. We now target a range of 50 to 55 percent, up from 45 to 50 percent in prior years. This improvement is directly attributable to the shift in our product mix we noted above, and it positions us well to remain active returning capital to shareholders. Controlling what we can. Macro headwinds, particularly persistently low interest rates, coupled with regulatory uncertainty, present some earnings headwinds. That said, we are confident that we have internal levers and inherent product demand that will enable our positive momentum to continue. In fact, we expect further organic growth, a rise in equity markets and continued capital management to drive earnings per share growth, even if these headwinds persist. Building our brand and investing in the community. This year we will also surely see our profile elevated as a result of our new consumer advertising campaign, "The Responsibility of Love." Building on our strong brand foundation of empowerment, optimism and authenticity, this campaign is like nothing else being done by our competitors. We are proud of our continued innovation in this space and how we have been able to make strong connections time and time again with our customers through our advertising. Our connections also extend to the communities where our employees live and work. In 2015, the Lincoln Financial Foundation continued its legacy of giving with donations of approximately $10 million to worthwhile causes. Lastly, we operate in a highly regulated industry that is quickly evolving. Notably, regulatory proposals from the Department of Labor regarding new fiduciary standards for distributors who advise on investments in qualified plans are likely to be finalized during the second quarter of this year. Lincoln has taken a very active role in the discussions thus far, and we will remain engaged in the dialogue as it evolves. In closing, on behalf of Lincoln's Board of Directors, management and all our employees, we want to thank you for your continued trust and investment. We are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead and our ability to continue creating long-term value for our shareholders.

Dennis R. Glass President and CEO March 30, 2016

William H. Cunningham Chairman of the Board

Forward-Looking Statements ­ Cautionary Language Statements in this letter that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. See "Forward-Looking Statements ­ Cautionary Language" beginning on page 33 and "Risk Factors" beginning on page 16. Definition of Income (Loss) from Operations, Operating Revenues and Operating Return on Equity Income (loss) from operations, operating revenues and operating return on equity ("ROE") are internal measures used by our management and Board of Directors to evaluate and assess the results of our segments. Income (loss) from operations is net income as defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") excluding the after-tax effects of the following items, as applicable: x Realized gains and losses associated with the following ("excluded realized gain (loss)"):  Sales or disposals and impairments of securities;  Changes in the fair value of derivatives, embedded derivatives within certain reinsurance arrangements and trading securities;  Changes in the fair value of the derivatives we own to hedge our guaranteed death benefit ("GDB") riders within our variable annuities;  Changes in the fair value of the embedded derivatives of our guaranteed living benefit ("GLB") riders reflected within variable annuity net derivative results accounting for at fair value;  Changes in the fair value of the derivatives we own to hedge our GLB riders reflected within variable annuity net derivative results; and  Changes in the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities related to index call options we may purchase in the future to hedge contract holder index allocations applicable to future reset periods for our indexed annuity products accounted for at fair value; Changes in reserves resulting from benefit ratio unlocking on our GDB and GLB riders; Income (loss) from reserve changes, net of related amortization, on business sold through reinsurance; Gains (losses) on early extinguishment of debt; Losses from the impairment of intangible assets; Income (loss) from discontinued operations; and Income (loss) from the initial adoption of new accounting standards.

x x x x x x

