2009 Annual Letter to Shareholders To Our Shareholders: The Year in Review The past year was an eventful and challenging one for our country, for our industry and for our clients. The volatile markets adversely affected many people's savings, but also created a new appreciation for the value of guarantees and downside protection ­ benefits found in many of our insurance and retirement products. For our company, 2009 was a particularly active year. Along with our peers, Lincoln National Corporation ("Lincoln") entered 2009 facing a world-wide recession, elevated investment losses, earnings pressure due to sharp equity market declines, closed capital markets and periods of intense volatility. We were not immune to these very real challenges, but more importantly, we were not immobilized by them. We set a deliberate course to improve our capital and liquidity levels and to increase our financial flexibility. These actions along with the strength of our business model helped us achieve good relative results in our core businesses even as our revenues and bottom-line results continued to be pressured by the adverse economic conditions. With the economy now improving, our goal for 2010 is to focus on rebuilding shareholder value while continuing to help our clients face their futures with confidence. Our approach to navigating the unprecedented economic turmoil of 2009 fell into four major areas: x x x x Protecting our franchise by prudently containing costs and reducing expenses; Replenishing capital lost to deteriorating assets and increasing our financial flexibility by completing a comprehensive and balanced capital plan; Divesting non-core businesses in order to focus on those businesses with the greatest opportunities for growth and differentiation for Lincoln; and Continuing to execute well in our core operating businesses, producing positive income from operations, deposits and net flows as a result of remaining actively engaged in our markets with a full suite of products, superior distribution support and open, transparent communications with business partners.

Protecting the Franchise Through Cost Management Early in the year when economic conditions were the worst, our efforts were concentrated on conserving capital to protect our core insurance and retirement franchise. We streamlined operations and reduced non-staff related expenses, including suspending investments in certain projects. Given the severity of the external environment, we also made the difficult decision to reduce the dividend on our common stock to a penny per share and to reduce our workforce. Executing a Comprehensive and Balanced Capital Plan By June, improving market conditions provided an opportunity to add to our capital base by accessing the equity and credit markets. Our capital plan was designed to stabilize our capital position, ensure sufficient flexibility to help protect the company from further market deterioration and optimize our capital mix while minimizing the cost to shareholders. We issued $690 million of equity, $500 million of debt and $950 million of preferred stock as well as a common stock warrant under the U.S. Treasury's Troubled Assets Relief Program Capital Purchase Program, which is designed for healthy financial institutions to help stabilize the U.S. credit markets. One immediate result of our capital plan was that all four independent ratings agencies affirmed Lincoln's financial strength ratings, and Standard & Poor's improved its outlook on the company. Additional actions throughout the year, including reinsurance transactions and issuing debt to pre-fund a 2010 maturity, allowed us to continue to build a sizeable capital cushion and increase our financial flexibility. We ended the year with a risk-based capital ratio* ­ an important measure of a company's capital position ­ of 450% and with nearly $1 billion in cash at the holding company, well above the levels we believe are needed during periods of more normalized conditions. Focusing on Four Core Insurance and Retirement Businesses During the course of the year, we also divested two subsidiaries: Lincoln UK, which we sold in the third quarter of 2009, and Delaware Investments, which we sold early in 2010. We are now completely focused on four core businesses where we have significant presence and the reputation and partnerships needed to gain additional market share: individual life insurance, individual annuities, defined contribution and group benefits.

Producing Strong Results and Growing the Franchise Balance sheet issues often overshadowed our strong operating results in 2009. Given the severity of the downturn, we had expected somewhat reduced sales production. Instead, we found that our distribution organizations were able to generate increasing levels of activity throughout the year, leading to a total of $7.3 billion in net flows and nearly $20 billion in deposits ­ only modestly off 2008 production levels. In addition, and despite the noise from the difficult markets, we actively grew our franchise in 2009, expanding our distribution footprint by adding products to 26 firms, increasing the number of advisors who recommend Lincoln products by 11% to 55,000, adding 300 net new affiliated advisors to Lincoln Financial Network and increasing the productivity of our group benefits sales representatives. We also attracted talented employees from inside and outside of the financial services industry to Lincoln. One key to our success is that we remained fully engaged in our businesses throughout the year, increasing our communications efforts with important business partners and ensuring that our distribution and service professionals were responsive to client concerns. A snapshot of our full year 2009 financial results underscores both the challenges and the successes of the year: x x x x x x x x A net loss of $485 million; Positive income from operations of $943 million or $3.18 per diluted share available to common shareholders**; $19.8 billion of consolidated deposits and $7.3 billion of consolidated net flows; A total of $141.3 billion in consolidated assets under management; Life insurance in force of $540.6 billion and deposits of $4.5 billion, flat with 2008 levels; Group net earned premium of $1.6 billion and annualized sales of $360 million, up 4% and 14%, respectively; Individual annuity deposits of $10.4 billion and net flows of $3.9 billion, both slightly lower than in 2008; and Defined contribution deposits of $5.0 billion and net flows of $1.0 billion, down 9% and up 28%, respectively.

While we enter 2010 with a cautious view of continued economic recovery, we are confident that the actions we took in 2009 and our ability to produce solid results under extraordinary conditions are indicators that we can meet our goals in 2010. A Balanced and Productive Business Model We took decisive action throughout 2009 on a number of fronts to maintain our market leadership despite the weak economy, such as redesigning two of our flagship products to create a better balance between benefits and guarantees for consumers and risk and returns for the company. We intensified our efforts to create even more responsive relationships with partner firms, advisors, brokers and plan sponsors, and increased our dialog with industry participants to firmly place the company on a solid, forwardlooking path. Four Core Insurance and Retirement Businesses A volatile year like 2009 showcases the value of maintaining a full suite of product solutions to match changing consumer preferences. Our fixed and indexed annuity sales experienced record growth as consumers shifted away from variable solutions in reaction to market volatility at the end of 2008 and early 2009. Later in the year, we were able to pivot back to variable income planning focused products with our clients as the markets improved. We also updated our variable annuity products in 2009 with the goal of balancing consumer value with the risks inherent in the increasingly uncertain environment. We adjusted the pricing and structure of variable annuities with living benefits guarantees by tightening investment restrictions, increasing certain rider fees and moderating some benefits to reduce the overall risk profile of these products. Finally, our individual annuity business benefited from the growing consumer interest in planning for, protecting and providing income to last a lifetime. The economic downturn created headwinds for many of our solutions, but our defined contribution business was particularly affected as small business owners and even many larger employers suspended employer matches or held off making changes to their retirement plan offerings in 2009. Early in the year, Lincoln realigned its small case 401(k) sales force to match the reduced market opportunity, but saw deposits in these products recover by the end of the year. We also continued to capitalize on our market leading position and reputation in the mid-large healthcare and K-12 education 403(b) market. Given the importance of helping consumers stay committed to their retirement savings goals, we were pleased to see net flows and ending balances up over 20% for full-year 2009. Protection was a theme that drove interest in many of our products last year, including individual life insurance. Critical to our success in 2009 was the breadth of our solution set and the agility of our distribution organizations. The consultative approach we take to this business enabled our solutions to be quickly tailored to the evolving protection needs of our clients. Throughout the year, we saw steady quarter-over-quarter increases in policies sold for both universal life and term insurance products, up 28% and 98%, respectively, over 2008. Product evolution continued, with an updated secondary guarantee life product introduced late in the

year. This product is an important development for Lincoln and a new approach for the industry, allowing the company to meet its return expectations on new secondary guarantee life business without a capital solution. We also continued to see the results of increasing demand and expanded distribution for our unique MoneyGuard® universal life long-term care linked-benefit product. Sales of MoneyGuard® increased 34% over 2008. Our distinct and differentiated value proposition centered around service excellence helped drive strong performance for our group benefits business, including an increase of 14% for full-year 2009 sales. We continue to lead in the under-500 employee market, and we are leveraging our presence in the 1,000 to 2,499 employee market with strategies to sell additional lines of coverage in these relationships. We are also taking advantage of the expanding voluntary sales trends among employer-sponsored benefits; 38% of sales this year came from voluntary business. Three Distinct and Powerful Distribution Platforms Lincoln Financial Distributors is one of the largest wholesale distribution organizations in the industry, and its unique model continues to differentiate our sales force from the competition. Over the course of the year, we made a number of strategic moves designed to recruit and retain seasoned sales professionals and leverage our comprehensive suite of products to drive a more diverse mix of sales. We improved our distribution reach with key partner firms, which, along with our focus on talent, resulted in a 22% improvement in productivity for the year. A key driver of success for Lincoln Financial Network, our retail sales and fee-based financial advisory services platform, is its ability to attract and retain seasoned advisors who want to affiliate with a company with national presence, a recognized brand, and a commitment to support their independence while helping them grow deeper relationships with their clients. In 2009, Lincoln Financial Network attracted 300 net new advisors and retained 98% of its most successful existing advisors. An increasingly important distribution platform for Lincoln is at the worksite, where consumers have an opportunity to access retirement plan services and ancillary group benefits that help them grow their retirement savings and protect their families during their working years. Recognizing this opportunity, we continue to build our benefits consulting and worksite-based sales and service platforms with the goal of expanding opportunities to help employers and employees understand how to make the most of company-sponsored retirement benefits and additional voluntary benefits. Investment Portfolio Overall investment losses in the portfolio remained at elevated levels in 2009, reflecting economic and market challenges. However, our investment portfolio is well-diversified across asset classes, sectors and issuers with a focus on high quality investments in stable market sectors. Throughout 2009, our portfolio was relatively overweighted in corporate bonds, and values for many of our corporate bond investments have been improving relative to other asset classes as the economy began to stabilize. With respect to commercial real estate, we have long maintained a conservative level of exposure to the sector and remain underweighted relative to our peers as we do not see a quick recovery in this area. While we expect losses to continue at a somewhat elevated level into 2010, we currently expect losses to be below 2009 levels as the recovery takes hold. With strong asset-liability management and risk controls in place, we believe the investment portfolio is well-positioned heading into 2010. Transforming the Employee Experience Our ability to navigate last year's difficult environment and end the year on a solid footing was due in large part to the quality and professionalism of our employees. We have long focused on attracting and rewarding top talent, and in 2009, we further developed our Total Rewards programs and deepened our commitment to our performance-based culture. We introduced new wellness initiatives and tools, including personal health screenings in our major locations and access to health coaches and health advocates, to help our employees follow healthier and more balanced lifestyles. We also highlighted the value of the service our employees provide every day to our policyowners and account holders by engaging employees in our goal to be an essential partner to our clients in securing their financial futures. Meaningful work, challenging growth opportunities and Total Rewards are all part of delivering a satisfying employee experience that reflects our shared belief in serving our clients with confidence, optimism and integrity. Supporting our Communities Difficult times reinforce the importance of supporting our communities through good corporate citizenship. In 2009, the Lincoln Financial Foundation contributed more than $10 million to support non-profit organizations in the communities where our employees live and work, with a focus on supporting education and workforce development, providing for basic needs and increasing access to the arts. The Lincoln Foundation also contributed nearly $900,000 to United Way agencies, and our employees donated an additional $900,000 to the United Way through workplace campaigns.

Lincoln remains committed to supporting volunteerism in three ways: participation on non-profit boards; activities such as drives for local charities, including food banks and blood drives; and through LIVE, Lincoln Invests in Volunteer Experiences, which awarded $40,000 to non-profits in 2009 in recognition of employees donating 50 hours of personal volunteer time. A Solid Financial Footing Lincoln ended the year on a solid financial footing, and we would like to recognize the Board of Directors for its leadership and direction during this very challenging period. Looking forward, we expect 2010 to be characterized by a slow economic recovery with periods of volatility. Given the potential for new disruption in the economy, we intend to remain prudent with capital. However, we will balance prudence with targeted investments to grow top-line sales, spur productivity and set the stage for earnings growth. We are confident that Lincoln today is a stronger company, a tougher competitor and a smarter organization. We are wellpositioned to deliver results by leveraging our strengths in four attractive and complementary businesses; maintaining our category leadership in individual life insurance and individual annuities while growing our defined contribution and group benefits businesses; and expanding our competitive advantage in distribution by developing deeper and more meaningful relationships with distribution partners. And as always, our main goal is to continue to deliver value for our shareholders, our partners, our employees and the 12 million Americans who are able to face their futures with confidence as a result of our advice and product solutions. Thank you for your trust and support. Sincerely,

Dennis R. Glass President and CEO March 13, 2010

William H. Cunningham Chairman of the Board

* The inclusion of risk-based capital measures is intended solely for the information of investors and is not intended for the purpose of ranking any insurance company or for use in connection with any marketing, advertising or promotional activities. ** A reconciliation of income from operations to net income appears on the next page. Forward-Looking Statements ­ Cautionary Language Statements in this letter that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. See "Forward-Looking Statements ­ Cautionary Language" beginning on page 45 and "Risk Factors" beginning on page 24.

