To Our Shareholders:
Over the past two years we’ve faced one of the most challenging environments the financial services sector
has experienced – including volatility in the equity markets, interest rates at historical lows, industry-changing
laws and regulations and questions surrounding the very integrity of the companies and markets. Within this
environment, Lincoln’s guiding philosophy has consistently been to manage those things we can control that will
ultimately drive value in the long term – things like higher net client cash flows, buyer-driven product features
and good investment performance. Underlying these drivers are those attributes that form the foundation of our
business model – careful expense management, maintaining our strong capital position and absolute clarity on
what constitutes both ethical and appropriate behavior as stewards of client assets.
In addition to our intense focus on these areas, we’ve also had much more positive news in the equity
markets of late, which has resulted in the recent positive returns in the S&P 500 index. As the public’s
confidence in the health of the economy continues to grow, so does their appetite to borrow money at low interest
rates, which in turn sparks economic activity. Moreover, in this environment investors are looking to get back
into the equity markets and, as they do, we believe there are several compelling reasons why Lincoln provides
good investment opportunities.
A Demographic Tailwind
We have worked day in and day out to deliver results, while also keeping our sights on the importance of
positioning Lincoln for the future. The demographics of this country are a critical – and very exciting –
component of our future. Simply stated, we are positioning Lincoln to capitalize on what I believe is the greatest
marketplace opportunity the insurance and financial services industry may ever see. As baby boomers come of
retirement age, we are facing a unique shift, which is changing the way we do business in this industry.
Those companies that effectively coordinate delivery of annuities, life insurance, money management and
financial planning into a clear solution can capitalize on the shifting demographic trends – and will be the ones
that ultimately gain market share in the future.
From our perspective, the greatest opportunity lies within the retirement income stage of the consumer
cycle. And, while there are plenty of companies that can help a client accumulate their assets or even transfer
those assets, as an industry we have not met the needs of those clients who are retiring and need income. As the
largest generation prepares to retire, it is the insurance industry’s franchise right in conjunction with Lincoln’s
technical expertise that uniquely positions us to offer the right solutions – whether that be comprehensive
planning and reporting, or products that deliver accumulation, retirement income and wealth transfer, or
combinations of these.
The Drivers
Within this context, at Lincoln we’ve identified three key drivers for our business – product excellence,
distribution reach and the power of the brand.
Our first driver,
product excellence
, focuses on developing products within our businesses that will continue
to deliver profitable growth in the long run.
During 2003, our product strength contributed to positive net flows in all of our business lines. In our life
and annuity segment, we introduced 28 products during the year, including the now popular Lincoln Principal
Security
SM, which offers a guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit on our variable annuity products. With
respect to Delaware, the organization received recognition in
Barron’s winner’s circle of outstanding family of
funds, placing the fourth-best out of 75 mutual fund families in 2003. This type of honor typifies the strong
investment performance of our asset management organization, further supporting our belief that assets under
management as well as this segment’s contribution to earnings will continue to grow over time.
While product excellence has always been a priority at Lincoln, to further facilitate this driver in 2003 we
realigned our life and annuity product platforms and are implementing a new operations model at Delaware.
Going forward, we are confident that changes such as these within all three manufacturers will enhance overall
product performance within the enterprise. As we move through 2004, we are well positioned to continue
developing and managing leading edge products built on a foundation of strong awareness of buyer behavior and
excellent risk assessment capabilities.
Distribution reach
, our second driver, is reflected in our retail distribution arm, Lincoln Financial Advisors
(LFA), and our wholesale distribution arm, Lincoln Financial Distributors (LFD).
At LFA, our newly instituted Consistency of Excellence program has led the way in providing clients with
superior planners who can seamlessly access talent and information from fellow planners and specialists across
the country. These strategic and structural changes will create a more effective, flexible and scaleable platform
for long-term success.
LFD has developed into a second-to-none distribution system with significant shelf space presence and
expansion in each of its key intermediary channels. We continue to implement the “inch wide, mile deep”
philosophy with intermediaries allowing us to get closer to our customers and better understand their needs. In
addition, we recently consolidated enterprise marketing within LFD, which will not only provide a consistent
Lincoln experience to intermediaries and their clients, but will bolster our ability to present clear solutions for
every consumer product cycle stage. These changes enabled us to make great strides in wholesaler effectiveness
in 2003, but we’re not yet done. We are committed to distribution expansion in 2004 and to sustain sales growth
at levels above industry averages.
We look at our third driver, the
power of brand, through the trifocal lens of demonstrating and
communicating Lincoln values, increasing broad corporate awareness and intermediary acceptance of the name.
Our goal in branding is to aid our planners and intermediaries with a company name that people will recognize
and trust, resulting in an increase in sales. At Lincoln, we are uniquely positioned as our brand ties directly to the
distinguished reputation of Abraham Lincoln. Our company’s proclamation of shared values guide our
employees in day-to-day business, and importantly, correlate with the ethical values of our affluent consumer
target market. Our name indicates our character and by setting forth the shared values of integrity, commitment
to excellence, responsibility, respect, fairness, diversity and employee ownership; our customers can be assured
of our powerful promise to provide clear solutions as consumers move through changing life cycles.
We remain committed to building our brand, and during the year continued to do so through a combination
of advertising, sponsorships and general reputation building activities. As you know, we entered into a
partnership with the Philadelphia Eagles in June 2002 to expand awareness of our brand. And in 2003, Lincoln
Financial Field
SM, the home of the Eagles, had its inaugural season, which resulted in our name being displayed
over 900 million times through various forms of media including advertising, featured articles and other
mentions.
In addition to the three drivers we’ve identified – product excellence, distribution reach and the power of the
brand – Lincoln is well positioned to benefit from improved environmental conditions – things like positive
equity markets, strong consumer confidence and low inflation. These are obviously not levers within our control
– but we can and do plan for swings in these areas.
Our Goal
At the end of the day, all of our efforts are centered on a simple goal – to be the partner of choice for those
organizations that help their clients grow, guard and enjoy their wealth. It is precisely this intent that stands at the
foundation of all that we do, and I’m proud of all the Lincoln employees who weathered the past several
challenging years while staying focused on this singular purpose. In 2004, we will bring the same energy level,
creativity and savvy while hopefully benefiting from smoother markets, a strengthening economy and less world
turmoil.
Thank you for your continued support of Lincoln Financial Group.
Sincerely,
Jon A. Boscia
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 15, 2004

