Dear Fellow Shareholder:

With the full passion and commitment of our employees, management  team and Lorillard's board of directors, we indeed made it better by implementing a new strategic plan. This compre­hensive plan included the launch of new products , geographic expansion of existing products and promotions, new processes and capabilities, the addition of new talent to our already great organi­zation and significant efforts to defend our freedom to operate. All of these efforts were designed  to help us pursue our vision -  "To Responsibly Bring Newport Pleasure  to All Adult Smok­ers."
 

Given this was my first full year as Chairman, President and Chief Executive of Lorillard, I can't express enough how appreciative and proud I am of the amazing efforts of our employees for deliver­ ing this stellar performance which resulted in a significant increase in shareholder value. Let me assure you that everyone at Lorillard fully under­ stands that increasing shareholder value is our responsibility and accountability to our investors.
Lorillard Enterprise Value
MARKET CAPITALIZATION PLUS DEBT MINUS CASH	$15.9
IN BILLIONS

$11.9	$11.8
 
As we began to implement new strategic initiatives in 2011, Lorillard delivered record results for the year across virtually every meaningful performance metric - market share, net sales, operating profit, earnings per share, and total shareholder returns.

These outstanding results are especially remark­ able given the challenging U.S. economy, its resulting impact on the American consumer, and a continued competitive market  environment  in 2011. Despite these headwinds,  Lorillard increased its total unit volume of cigarettes sold by
6.9 percent, while the overall domestic cigarette industry experienced a decline of 3.5 percent.

Outperforming the underlying industry volume trends by more than 10 percentage points and a continued strong pricing environment resulted in Lorillard net sales of $6.5 billion in 2011, an increase of 9 percent from the prior year. Addition­ ally, our sustained focus on tight cost controls and the repurchase of $1.6 billion in Lorillard common stock contributed to annual adjusted earnings per share growth of over 16 percent - truly exceptional financial performance.
 

$8.3





08	09	10	11
We delivered on this responsibility in 2011 by flawlessly executing against our three core strate­gic pillars - (1) to protect and grow our core menthol cigarette business, (2) to carefully pursue close-in adjacencies, and (3) to build out processes and capabilities that  support our strategic vision. I am pleased to report that as a result of these initiatives embarked upon in 2011, Lorillard grew its total retail market share with our great brands Newport and Maverick in every market segment  in which we compete, which in turn, allowed us to deliver such strong financial results.

Said simply, our strategic initiatives are working. As you will see in more detail to follow, these improvements are making our great Company even better. We think Pierre Lorillard would be pleased.
 
"To Responsibly Bring Newport Pleasure to All Adult Smokers."





 
Protecting and Growing Our Core Menthol Cigarette Business
Specifically, over the course of 2011, Lorillard worked to aggressively protect our core Newport menthol cigarette business by challenging certain unwarranted regulations having the potential to negatively impact our business. Lorillard proactively defended our freedom to operate by actively participating in the menthol debate to ensure that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA") follows its mandate to respect sound science in its consideration of menthol. We also filed suit against the FDA to remedy  potential conflicts of interest and bias among Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee members, and later by filing a separate lawsuit against the FDA challenging proposed new graphic warning labels on cigarette packs and advertising as a violation of our First Amendment rights to free speech.
 
Potential distraction from our core business was also eliminated with the signing of a new four-year labor contract with our union associates. That, along with our enduring focus on and consistency of our full-flavor menthol business, positions us to continue the success of our core business for many years to come.
 

 
Lorillard also made its voice heard in Washington, D.C., as we actively met with and communicated our positions to many legislators, regulators and other key constituencies during the year. We believe these actions clearly demonstrate that Lorillard will vigorously defend our right to respon­sibly and fairly market a legal product  and ultimately protect our ability to continue to succeed in the market in which we operate.

In addition, Lorillard continued to win in the com­petitive marketplace in 2011 through the significant expansion of our merchandising programs with retailers, a new direct mail campaign targeting competitive conversion of adult smokers to New­ port, and through the continued superior execution of our 1,000-plus person retail sales force. As a result, Newport achieved record annual share of both the total cigarette market and the menthol segment of the market in 2011 at 11.9 percent
and 36.2 percent, respectively.
 





Newport®Brand Share
OF UNITED STATES CIGARETTE MARKET



10.9%
10.3%
9.7%
 









11.9%
 
08	09	10	11

2
 
"Keep Making It Better."








 

Pursuing Close-In Cigarette Adjacencies Clearly, the most visible aspect of our new strate­gic vision was our efforts to expand the Newport family of products into adjacent cigarette segments. Starting with the introduction of our Newport Non-Menthol brand, Lorillard had its first viable offering leveraging the strength of the Newport brand in the non-menthol segment that makes up 70 percent of the domestic cigarette industry.

Performance in Newport Non-Menthol's first year was impressive, doubling our initial expectations and achieving almost one full point of market share in 2011. Newport Non-Menthol made a significant contribution to total Lorillard market share gains during the year. Importantly, market research studies conducted following the introduction of Newport Non-Menthol confirm that adult smokers using the product are highly incremental to the Newport franchise, are typically smokers of other premium brands, and express a very high likeli­hood to continue purchasing the product.

With solid share attainment and strong consumer acceptance, we were able to significantly increase the price of Newport Non-Menthol through the course of the year, well above its introductory offer. Our pricing decisions enabled Newport Non­ Menthol to contribute incremental market share, and also contribute significant incremental profit in its first year. This gives us confidence that we can continue to profitably broaden our product portfolio in years to come - consistent with our vision "To Responsibly Bring Newport Pleasure to All Adult Smokers."

Another major close-in adjacency initiative was the expansion of price promotion support into new geographic territories in the western U.S. This also had a significant positive impact on unit volume
 

trends during the year. With the addition of four new states, Lorillard is now offering competitively priced Newport menthol products in eight western states that had previously experienced annual unit volume declines and are now growing by double­ digits.

And finally, we continued to grow our Maverick discount brand by expanding distribution and merchandising visibility. Maverick unit volume grew by "16 percent during 2011 to more than 5 billion units.

The effect from these three adjacency initiatives, in combination with our protect-and-grow-the-core program, was growth in Lorillard's retail share of the premium cigarette market, the menthol ciga­rette market, the non-menthol cigarette market, and the discount segment of the cigarette market. For the year, total Lorillard retail market share increased "1.2 share points to a record 14.1 percent. With the introduction of Newport Non­ Menthol, the Newport brand grew its retail share by "1.0 share point to a record 11.9 percent, significantly strengthening its position as the number two cigarette brand and the number one menthol brand in the U.S.

2011 Increase in Lorillard Unit Volume
2.6 BILLION UNITS










Strategic Initiatives 80%


3
 










 
And of critical importance, Lorillard achieved this market share growth profitably, as our record net sales were accompanied by a record level of operating income and net income during the year. Of the 2.6 billion of increased units Lorillard sold in 2011, more than 80 percent of the increase resulted from these adjacency initiatives taken in accordance with our strategic plan.

Building Out Process and Capabilities Important strides were also made during the year to enhance our internal capabilities that will allow us to successfully execute our strategic vision into the future. In 2011, Lorillard added two new board members, providing additional expertise and perspective to our strategic direction, as well as completing several key strategic  management hires in areas of critical importance to the Com­pany.

During the year Lorillard made the necessary process and compliance improvements to  meet the regulatory oversight requirements of the FDA and formally established a corporate compliance organization to better integrate quality throughout the Company. In addition, Lorillard moved to round-the-clock manufacturing which will allow us to efficiently meet increased volume demands.

Finally, Lorillard made organizational changes designed to facilitate future growth and pursue close-in adjacencies while at the same time ensuring that we do not lose focus on the
all-important full-flavor Newport menthol business.

Financial Summary
Lorillard ended the year with more than $1.6 billion of cash and cash equivalents, paid a total of $723 million in cash dividends in 2011 and repurchased a total of $1.6 billion of Lorillard common stock during the year. Since becoming an independent
 
publicly traded company in June of 2008, Lorillard has increased its quarterly dividend payment by 68 percent, from $0.92 to $1.55, and reduced its total shares of common stock outstanding  by 24 percent.

Lorillard remains committed to continuing to provide strong cash returns to shareholders through its ongoing dividend payout target of
70- 75 percent of earnings, and through continued repurchases of common stock. We are confident in our ability to deliver double-digit annual share­ holder returns, as measured by the dividend yield and earnings per share growth, over the long-term.

In summary, 2011 was an outstanding year, and we enter 2012 from a position of strength. Given the success of our recent strategic initiatives, we are optimistic about Lorillard's future. Our team is stronger than ever and is committed to pursue potential future challenges in a manner that will allow us to "Keep Making It Better" for many years to come.




Murray S. Kessler Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 

4
