Dear Fellow Shareholders:
 Last year marked a significant milestone in our great company’s history.
In 2010, Lorillard celebrated its 250th
anniversary since its founding in 1760, making it the oldest publicly traded company listed on the New York Stock Exchange and one of the oldest continuously operating companies in America. But mere longevity is not what Lorillard
is about. Our 250th year was a remarkable one for Lorillard, as we delivered clearly superior operating results, industry-leading financial performance and returned more than $1.3 billion to our shareholders.
Before joining Lorillard in September of 2010, I had admired the Company for many years in my prior roles within the tobacco industry. But I can enthusiastically tell you after developing a greater understanding of our company
during my first eight months as chief executive, I am even more impressed. Lorillard’s talented
and committed workforce, unique brand strengths, and sound business strategies give us the potential to continue to deliver superior results not only within the tobacco industry, but also as a top performing company in the broader consumer products category.
Those strengths were clearly demonstrated over the course of 2010. We had an outstanding year. Despite a continued challenging economic environment for the U.S. consumer, Lorillard set record levels of market share, net sales, operating income, net income
and earnings per share for the year. While the overall domestic cigarette industry experienced a 3.8 percent decline in units sold, Lorillard increased its domestic unit volume by 5.3 percent.
Led by the exceptional performance of our flagship Newport brand, along with continued strong growth from our value brand, Maverick, Lorillard grew its total retail share
of the domestic cigarette market
by 1.1 share points in 2010 to a record 12.9 percent. As a result, net sales increased by more than 13 percent in 2010 to a record level.
Continued focus on controlling costs and prudent changes to our capital structure during the year leveraged our strong share and sales performance. Operating income grew by 12 percent to a record level, Lorillard reported net income in excess of $1 billion for the first time ever, and earnings
per share increased by 18 percent. And, we increased our cash dividend in September of 2010, and again in March of 2011. Clearly, these results are outstanding
and a great way to enter 2011.
Much of Lorillard’s recent success is directly attributable to the leadership of my predecessor, Martin L. Orlowsky. Marty retired on December 31, 2010, after a two decade career with Lorillard, and
I wish him well in his retirement. All of us associated with Lorillard owe Marty a debt of gratitude for his thoughtful stewardship
 1

          2
of our company, and for leaving it strong and well-positioned for continued success.
As you would expect from any new CEO even with this great success, it was important to me to undertake a thoughtful strategic review of
our business as I started my new role at Lorillard. First and foremost, I wanted to determine whether
the operational and financial success we have experienced in the past can be sustained well
into the future. This review, which is now complete, assessed the strengths and weaknesses of our business, identified potential areas for expansion within the cigarette segment as well as the overall tobacco industry, and evaluated our capabilities to ensure we are equipped to successfully build our
06 07 08 09 10
business over the long-term. We are pleased with the results of our strategic review and while Lorillard’s business is clearly not in need of a major course correction, we look forward to making a very strong business even stronger over the next several years.
This strategic evolution is embodied in our new vision statement:
“To Responsibly Bring Newport Pleasure to All Adult Smokers.”
It is this vision that we have identified as our central mission in guiding our business strategies and day-to-day activities at Lorillard. We believe this broad concept of thoughtfully delivering quality tobacco products that
06 07 08 09 10
bring pleasure and enjoyment to adult tobacco consumers is one that will serve both our customers and shareholders well over the long-term.
An underlying principle for Lorillard in the future will be to protect
and grow our core menthol cigarette business — behind the strength of our Newport brand. The relative stability of this segment of the cigarette industry, along with Newport’s superior brand equity and category-leading market share performance, gives us confidence in the strength of our core business for many years to come.
Adjacent growth opportunities will be pursued carefully and with discipline, cognizant of the primary importance of our core
Newport® Brand Share
OF UNITED STATES CIGARETTE MARKET
Newport Menthol Share of the Menthol Segment
35.0% 34.1%
 8.8%
32.9%
9.2%
34.0%
9.7%
9.8%
10.5%
32.2%

 menthol business. However, we believe that there are significant and profitable opportunities for portfolio development and further penetration of U.S. geographies and we will pursue those prospects as appropriate going forward.
One such example is the recent launch of Newport Non-Menthol. Newport Non-Menthol is a premium product with broad appeal to adult smokers, leveraging the strength of the Newport brand within the non- menthol segment that makes up 70
percent of the domestic cigarette industry. Since its introduction in late 2010, Newport Non-Menthol has performed very well. In fact,
at this stage, it is one of the most successful new product launches in the Company’s history. We believe that Newport Non-Menthol will make a meaningful contribution
to the Newport franchise of products going forward.
We will also enhance our internal capabilities to ensure we can execute our strategic vision and to prepare for regulatory oversight by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”). I
am pleased to say that we are making real progress, as several recent hires have strengthened
our team in this important area.
In the backdrop of Lorillard’s outstanding achievements in 2010, the FDA recently received a report from its Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee (“TPSAC”)
on the issue of menthol’s impact
on public health. The non-binding report stated that while there
was not sufficient evidence to conclude that menthol cigarette smokers face different disease risks than non-menthol smokers, it did conclude that the removal of menthol cigarettes from the marketplace would benefit public health in the U.S. TPSAC did not have any specific suggestions
for follow-up by the FDA to its conclusion and acknowledged that the potential for an illegal market
in menthol cigarettes exists and recommended that the FDA consult with the appropriate experts and carry out relevant analysis in this area should they chose to take some policy action that restricts the availability of menthol cigarettes.
Lorillard strongly disagrees with TPSAC’s public health conclusions and believes that the overwhelming weight of scientific evidence does not support increased regulation of menthol in cigarettes. Furthermore, the Company believes that as the
  “To Responsibly Bring Newport Pleasure to All Adult Smokers.”
It is this vision that we have identified as our central mission in guiding our business strategies and day-to-day activities at Lorillard. We believe this broad concept of thoughtfully delivering quality tobacco products that bring pleasure and enjoyment to adult tobacco consumers is one that will serve both our customers and shareholders well over the long-term.
3

 We are confident in our ability to deliver double-digit annual shareholder returns, as measured by the dividend yield and earnings per share growth,
over the long-term.
continue to grow. We are confident in our ability to deliver double-
digit annual shareholder returns, as measured by the dividend
yield and earnings per share growth, over the long-term.
I would like to thank all Lorillard employees for a job well done in 2010 and for their dedication, talent and commitment which led to our remarkable accomplishments during the year. While 2010 is done, our work is not, and we have set lofty goals for ourselves. We are all eager “To Responsibly Bring Newport Pleasure to All Adult Smokers” for many years to come and to build shareholder value in the process.
The future of Lorillard is indeed bright, and we believe that our team is well equipped to meet the challenges of the future with vigor and continue to build on our legacy of success.
Murray S. Kessler
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
FDA conducts its own assessment of menthol, it will follow a rigorous scientific evaluation that will
come to the same conclusion as the Industry Report on Menthol, submitted by Lorillard and others, which demonstrated that no additional regulation is warranted.
As we move forward in executing our strategy and navigating through the current environment, we do
so from a position of remarkable strength. Despite the inherent size advantages of the two largest U.S. cigarette manufacturers with whom we compete, Lorillard continues
to outperform our competition across virtually every meaningful operational and financial metric.
We ended the year with more
than $2 billion of cash and cash equivalents, paid a total of $645 million in cash dividends in 2010 and repurchased a total of $716 million of Lorillard common stock during the year. With the issuance of $1 billion in senior notes in 2010, we took another step in moving toward our long-term leverage target designed to maintain Lorillard’s strong balance sheet while also preserving financial flexibility.
Lorillard is committed to continuing to provide strong cash returns to shareholders through its ongoing dividend, which is targeted at 70-75 percent of earnings, and
we believe those earnings will
 4
