LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC.

Letter to Shareholders,
It's easy to explain what we do and how we do it. We sell home improvement goods and services through our stores, our website, our contact centers, at job sites and even right in people's homes. But over the past few years, we've taken time to evaluate why we do these things. Why do we sell home improvement goods and services? Why are we transforming to an omni-channel home improvement company? Through this evaluation we uncovered a purpose that's authentic to who we are as an organization and a reflection of what we do every single day. Our purpose is to help people love where they live.
And, as we're evolving from a company with a purpose to a company driven by purpose, we remain focused on our ability to meet customers on their terms, provide solutions for their projects, and be their trusted partner in home improvement. Moreover, we seek to differentiate ourselves through better customer experiences that make us the project authority. We do this by continuing to leverage our distinctive strengths in customer experience design to inspire customers and guide them through completion of their home improvement projects. We continue to enhance our relevance to customers through omni-channel retailing, where all of our channels work together seamlessly so that we support customers at every step of their home improvement journey and build greater affinity for the Lowe's brand. We began rolling out technology to better support our omni-channel strategy to a couple of test markets in late 2015 and continue deploying the technology across the chain. As we transform to a home improvement company, we know that there is more than one path to serving customers, so we are growing our capabilities and our reach all with the intent of helping people love where they live. By leveraging our portfolio of home improvement businesses, we are well positioned to adapt to what customers expect, now and in the future, and to generate value for shareholders for years to come. While the size and scope of what we do continues to evolve, just as it has since we were founded in 1946, the passion and pride of our people remains constant. I believe our steadfast commitment to customers is evident in the solid results we achieved in 2015. Total sales grew 5.1% to $59.1 billion, driven by comparable sales growth of 4.8%, with all regions and product categories achieving positive comps.

2

2015 ANNUAL REPORT

OMNI-CHANNEL RETAILING

ONLINE IN-STORE
· More than 1,855 convenient retail store locations ·P  rovides access to knowledgeable associates and immediate fulfillment of purchases ·2  4/7 shopping experience through websites and mobile applications ·O  ffers product information and customer ratings and reviews, as well as buying guides and how-to videos and information

ON-SITE CONTACT CENTER
· T hree contact centers, in Wilkesboro, NC, Albuquerque, NM, and Indianapolis, IN · Direct phone sales and customer support, including coordinating project deliveries and facilitating repair services ·S  pecialists meet with Pro cus tomers in their workplace or at job sites

CUSTOMER CENTRIC APPROACH

·S  pecialists meet customers in their home to sell interior and exterior projects, offering consultations and project management services through project completion

With a keen focus on productivity and profitability, we leveraged this continued top-line growth to deliver an increase in Adjusted Net Earnings of 14% and Adjusted
1

Our fundamental purpose ensures that all the effort we've put into transformational change will last well into the future, because we're driven to build deep, lasting relationships with customers. I'd like to thank our employees, a group of more than 270,000 people, who embrace our purpose to help people love where they live, who dedicate themselves to serving customers and who have committed to evolving with changing customer needs.

Diluted Earnings Per Share of 21%.
1

While our purpose empowers us to focus on the thing that matters most--the customer--it also fuels substantial returns for our shareholders. Our capital allocation priorities align with the commitments we've made to both customers and shareholders. From the solid cash flow we generate, we first invest to maintain and grow our businesses. Next, we target a dividend payout ratio of 35%, and our dividend has grown every year since going public in 1961. Then, we use remaining funds to repurchase shares.

Robert A. Niblock Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

1

Adjusted Net Earnings and Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share are non-GAAP financial measures. Refer to the Management's Discussion and Analysis section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information as well as reconciliations between the Company's GAAP and non-GAAP financial results.

3

