 	 
 
Rohc:n L. Slnck l:md

Dear Shareholders:
l 996 was Lowe's Golden Anniversary year, and we celebrated by working successfully to make it the very best year in Lowe's hist0ry.
Sales were $8.6 billion, up from $7.l billion in 1995-a 22% increase which shows the impact of 66 new large stores and of merchandising initiatives which yielded a comparable sTOre  sa les increase of 7%. Earnings per share grew to $1. 71, up 26% from last year's $1.36 . In the Nineties so far, we have achieved a compound sales growth rate of 20% and compound earnings per share growth of 24%. Sales and earnings growth of more than twenty percent­ now Lhac's a ce leb ration that all Lowe's  s hareholders can enjoy!

The Power of One

Once a year, Lowe's sTore managers gather from every compass point To meet with corporate merchants and marketing staff, review the eventS of the past year, and make plans for the year ahead. As Lowe's grows TOward our millennial goal of 600 stores, our annual gathering getS larger and larger. 11 is increasingly impressive to realize that each sTOre manager runs a unique operation, yet they all share a primary objective: TO make Lowe's the acknowledged leader al providing productS to build, improve, and maintain American homes.
The theme of this year's meeting was "The Power of One." It emphasized not only the ability of each individual to make a difference, but also the strength we Find when we work t0gether as one, with one common purpose.
l
 
Robcn ,_ Tillm.in




This theme is equally applicable To Lowe's relationships with our partners-in-interest, a designa­ tio n which emb races our customers, our suppliers, the communities we serve, and our  shareholders, as well as our employees. Each partner's progress on the road to excellence contribuLes   to   t he advancement of the res1. As Lowe 's expertise and oULreach inc rease, we strengthen our relationship with a g,ro ving num­
ber or part ners.
For Our Customers

America is now in its sixth year of economic expansion.  Unemployment  figures are the LowesL in a decade; in nation is the Lowest it's been in three de­ cades; interest rates are tow and relatively stab le. Yet despite this encouraging context, the pace of reLatil sales remains modest. Why? Because Americans a re anxious about their financial future.
Leading-edge Baby Boomers are turning fifty now, and they are starting TO think seriously about retirement. They're concerned about the Social Securit}' system and health-related costs. They know they need to get their financial houses in order.  Mean­ while, Generation X is coming on board with great potential but also , with great uncertainty and its own causes for concern. The job market is not the cornucopia for them that it was for Boomers: although there are jobs out there, there seem to be fewer good ones.
All this explains-and justifies-	the consumer's obsession with value. Value doesn't just mean tow prices. I n focus groups and in our s1ores t0day. we're bearing that our cus to mers "want it all." They wam,
 
expect, and deserve nothing less than low prices, large selections, quality merchandise, and great service. That's the definition of value, and we've made it the recipe for our enduring goal of Supe rior
Customer Satisfaction.
To achieve Superior Customer Satisfaction, we have TO " give it all" without giving it all away. As a dedicated tow-cost operator, our strategy is to Lower
operating costS as a percent of sales, which will enable us TO Lower our retail prices. Lower prices will bring us more customers, which will increase sales and allow us TO Lower prices even more. To deliver not just price but the  ot her componen ts  of value as well, we are foc used on leveraging our investment in our store facilities, our technical systems, and our people.

For Our Suppliers

Lowe's transfom1ationinto a chain of large Stores continued in 1996, and we finished the year with 30.4 million square feet of selling space-an incremental gain of 27%. Of the 402 stores in our chain  year­ end, 317 were built in this decade. Large sTOres (80,000 square feet and up), which lead Lowe's
gr th in sales and profitability, now number 224 units and represent 78.5% of our total square footage . These stores accounted for 6 l% of sales and 53% of operating profits, which is particularly satisfying  because most of the  new store  projects  completed  in  1996 were in  new markets, which generally take longer	than relocations to reach our goals for profitability.
In 1997, we \viii com plete 60 TO 65 new store projects. &tween 40 and 45 of these will  be new stores in new markets, taking Lowe's prod uct selec ­ tion to millions of new consume rs. Mo re than 80 % of our $1.2 billion capital budget for 1997 will be
dedicated TO funding this expansion.
Lowe's Suppl ier of the Year awa rd s reco gnize manufacwrers who cont rib ut e to Lowe'ssuccess through product deveto pment, marketi ng, packaging, distribution, and support services. Al the Natio nal Hardware Show in Chicago last summer, we an­
no un ced that our Suppliers of the Year were Valspar Paint; Pennington Seed; DeVilbiss Air Power Com­ pany; The Spect rum Group (United Industries); NH.B Ind ustries; Canfor; Bredin, Inc.; and Weiser Toc k. The President's Award for overall exce llence went 10 DeVilbiss Air Power.
We co ngratulate and thank these vendor part­ ners, and we enco urage all of Lowe'svendors TO
em u late their teamwork- and their success!
 
For Our Communities

A Lowe's STOre is more than jus1a big box stuffed with merchandise. It is a place for people to work and build careers, an information center for home owners and home improvers at every level or expertise. and a responsible corporate citizen backed by a fifty-yea r
tradition of neighborliness and community involvement that doesn't sTOp a1 the edge of the parking tot.
Since 1957, Lowe's Charitable and Educational Foundation has given a helping hand in communities where Lowe's operates. With  the  participation  of Lowe's store managers, the foundation consolidates funds from all our stores and distributes them back to tocal communities in the f rm of grants TO qua li11ed recipie	nt s . T he foundation has disbursed millions of dollars 10 thousands of deserving organizations and
institutions, and the good work continues.
In 1993, we rounded Lowe's Home Safety Co unci l (LHSC) to help American families make
home life safer and more secure for their loved ones. Forging an alliance with home center suppliers an d othe r national safety organizations, the LHSC has used innovative method s 10 educate and motivate cons umers. High-profile safety makeovers, Safety Watch kiosks in all Lowe's stores, and "Home Watch" television specials on Home & Garden Television are just a few of the LHSCs successful safety programs.

For Our  Empl oyees

Lowe's  employees  numbered 54,000 at the end of 1996, and there will be at least 10,000 more by This time next year. As an employer, Lowe's is proud to offer skills training and career development options that far exceed the norm in our industry. Our new "Lowe's University" is pulling employees on the fast track to p romotion within our organization, encour­ aging them in the vision of a career where they might have seen only a job.
Em ptoyee  sTOck ow nership	has been a major pan of Lowe's co rpo rate cultu re for decades. Every new person we hire  becomes eligible for ESOP  member­ ship foltowing the completion or one >'ea r's wo rk. and we ctosed l996 with more than  30,000 employee­ owners motivated  and  dedicated  to  Lowe's  growth and progress, knowing that corporate success and personal success are intertwined.
Last July, in anmher major augmentation of our executive management team, we welcomed Tom Whiddon IO Lowe's as execm ive vice president and
 


chief financial officer.
In August , Leonard Herring retired as president and chief executive officer . He was Lowe's most senior employee, having joined as our first financial office r in 1955. After the death of  Lowe's  founder,  Carl Buchan, Leonard served on Lowe's Executive Committee and played  a  pivotal role  in  taking  the  company public. He  is  a  founding member  of  Lowe's Board of d irecTOrs. a n d was a member of the Office of the President until a vote of the  board  made him president and CEO in 1978.
He led our company  through  years of dynamic change and growth. He can be succeeded, but he can never be replaced.
To learn more about the history of Lowe . you may
send In the request forn1 for our book, No Place Like Lowe's, inserted ciL page 16.

For Our Shareholders

Lowe's Cirst sha reho lders were a handful of
employees who helped finance Lowe's early expansion one store al a time. Since the company went public in 1961, share ownership has made thousands of friends for Lowe's all over Lhe world .
The table at the To p o f the nex t column shows what has happened to 100 shares of  Lowe's stock bought for $ 12 .25 pe r share on the initial  offering date  in  1961 and   held  as  a  long-time  investment. Al
$38  per share,  l2,000 shares have a  market value of
$456,000, or 372 times the original investment.
The graph inside our front cover reveals that in terms of TOta l  return to shareho lders, Lowe's five-year annual compound growth rate at the end of 1996 exceeded the Standard & Poor's 500 average by 10% and the S&P Retail In de x by 20%.
The graph plots the curve of a growth company, not what you'd expect from a fifty- year-old retailer.
Lowe's is fifty years old, but as a big-box retailer we are only one-tenth that age. In fact, 86% of our total
 
-...

square footage is new since 1991, when a $71 million restructuring charge signaled our commitment to becoming a chain of large stores.
In 1996 , Gordon Cadwgay, one of the best friends Lowe's has ever had, retired as a founding member of our board of directors. Two more tong­ Lime esteemed friends and valued colleagues, Pete Kulynych and Senator Russel l Tong, wi.11 be leaving the board in 1997.
During 1996 we also welcomed two new board
members. Jim Halpin is president and CEO of the successful computer products retailer CompUSA lnc. He was previously president of HomeBase, and has more than two of my years' experience in retailing. Paul Fulton is Dean of the Kenan-Flagler Business School at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Previously, he was president of the Sara Lee Corporation, the global packaged food and consumer products company.
We are proud of the leadership role our board
has taken in corporate governance. For a discussion of governance and the 28 guidelines that our board has adopted, we invite your attention to pages 14 and 15.
We salute and thank all our partners-in-interest,
who have made Lowe's fiftieth anniversary truly golden. May you find individua l satisfaction and all the fruits of successful teamwork in whatever you undertake.
 

Cordial good wishes,




 
Robert L. SLrickland Chairman of the Board
 
Robert L. TiIIman
President and Chief Execu tive Office r
Nonh Wilkes bo ro, NC
