LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

In 2011, we made progress on our journey to transform Lowe's from a home improvement retailer to a home improvement company. We remain steadfast in our efforts to make home improvement simple by working to deliver seamless, supportive and inspiring experiences wherever and whenever customers engage with Lowe's. This work is well underway, and I am encouraged by the progress we made toward delivering better customer experiences to drive long-term sales growth, increased profitability and shareholder value. Our strong operating cash flows and balance sheet are allowing us to make difficult near term changes that we believe will yield stronger returns in the future.

2011 Performance
For the year, comparable store sales were flat and total sales grew 2.9%. Net earnings declined by 8.5% to $1.8 billion, while diluted earnings per share increased 0.7% to $1.43. Keep in mind that fiscal year 2011 included 53 weeks because Lowe's fiscal year ends on the Friday nearest the end of January. The 53rd week contributed $766 million in sales and approximately $0.05 to diluted earnings per share. However, store closings, discontinued projects and long-lived asset impairments reduced pre-tax earnings by $523 million and diluted earnings per share by $0.26. Net earnings contributed to $4.3 billion in operating cash flows which, along with the issuance of $1.0 billion of long-term debt, were used to acquire $1.8 billion in fixed assets and return $3.6 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and cash dividends.

Our Transformation
We are working diligently to improve our performance over the long-term through the transformation we have undertaken from a home improvement retailer to a home improvement company. This transformation to seamless and simple home improvement experiences drove us to reevaluate our investment strategy, rationalize our store expansion, improve employee experiences and upgrade our technology infrastructure.

Retail Excellence
We continue to focus on retail excellence, which requires us to provide an engaging store experience in the most efficient manner possible. We are growing sales and earnings primarily through improved asset productivity rather than store expansion, so we evaluated our existing and future store investments, closed underperforming stores, and scaled back expansion plans.

Lowe's Companies, Inc. 2011 Annual Report

page 1

See how we provide "Seamless and Simple" solutions for customers.

We also reviewed our organization and made changes in our field-based store operations and human resources organizations to help us become more nimble, improve execution and support changing customer expectations. We continue to review how we operate on a cross-functional basis to ensure consistent and connected execution, while also evaluating our organization structure to streamline decision-making and place the right people in the right roles throughout the organization. To ensure an engaging store experience, we have been reinvigorating our merchandising efforts through value improvement and product differentiation. The unprecedented utilization of technology in our everyday lives and the simplicity of online shopping mean the consumer knows what and where the best price is. As a result, we must ensure that we are priced competitively across channels every day. We must deliver everyday low prices by working collaboratively with our vendors to obtain everyday low costs. Additionally, we continue to improve our assorting by market and evaluate ways to revitalize our store presentation and improve price perception as well as present Lowe's as new, fresh and innovative. In 2011, we reset nearly one-third of our stores with a concept that highlights innovation, brands and value, and creates flexible merchandising space, making it easier for customers to find value and inspiration.

Seamless
Beyond revitalizing our stores, we have taken bold steps to meet customers where they are--and where they're going--across all stages of the home improvement process. To do this, Lowe's must be available anytime and anywhere, seamlessly providing possibilities, support and value whether in store, online, by phone, at the customer's home, or place of business. In 2011 we implemented systems to share information across these channels. These included an upgrade to our store information technology infrastructure, better tools and greater access to information for our contact center employees, and equipping our on-site selling specialists with tools to help customers visualize a project, provide a real-time quote and tender a sale on site. We also increased the "endless aisle" of products available on Lowes.com. This "endless aisle" is supported by Flexible Fulfillment, which allows us to ship products from the most efficient location--whether store, distribution center or vendor--directly to the customer's home, usually within two days. Flexible Fulfillment helps us optimize our store-by-store investment in inventory while providing customers access to the greater depth and breadth of products offered across the company.

Simple
We have also implemented new capabilities to simplify home improvement by providing better knowledge and support. For instance, in 2011 we completed the roll out of Repair Services, providing customers with enhanced support from Lowe's representatives who have better information and authority to effectively address customers' repair needs for major appliances, outdoor power equipment and tools. Introducing mylowes this past fall is another way we have simplified the customer experience. mylowes is a revolutionary new online tool that is unique in the home improvement industry. It makes managing, maintaining and improving homes simpler and more intuitive than it's ever been. Likewise, we have also made it simpler for our

page 2

employees to provide quick and effective advice to customers through our internal social business network, which connects employees to the power of their fellow employees. The result is real-time information from experts across the company and the confidence that comes from knowing they can better serve customers. And if customers want to visualize how to tackle a problem or project on their own, we continue adding to our more than 600 how-to videos available on Lowes.com. Additionally, we have introduced iPhone technology in our stores. This technology and proprietary apps give our store employees immediate access to product and inventory information, allowing them to answer significantly more questions from customers in the aisle.

Watch Robert Niblock's thoughts on "Never Stop Improving."

Expectations
As you can see, we continue to invest an abundant amount of time, attention and resources in this transformation, which we believe is critical to improving our financial performance and delivering increased shareholder value. These investments are part of a disciplined capital allocation strategy. We are committed to returning excess cash to shareholders through dividends and our share repurchase program. Our 2015 goals are to: · Reach nearly $300 of sales per selling square foot · Increase Earnings Before Interest and Taxes (EBIT) to 10% of sales, and · Achieve approximately 18% Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) This improved operating performance, along with additional borrowing flexibility from our increased leverage target, will make more cash available to invest in high-return initiatives and to return to you, our shareholders. If we are true to our vision, this will be a continuous journey--we will Never Stop Improving. We will constantly work to make Lowe's the first choice for home improvement. Our actions will lead to deeply engaged customers and employees, translating into highly profitable relationships that will continue to grow over time. We have an established track record of successfully managing change and transforming our company to meet new expectations for home improvement. And, we choose to do so again. I am proud of the flexibility and enthusiasm with which our employees have implemented the most significant amount of change our company has seen since the 1980s when we transformed to a national big box format. I would like to thank them for their continued hard work, flexibility, dedication and customer focus. Our employees are our strongest asset, and a principal reason I remain optimistic about the future and our ability to continue generating long-term value for you.

Robert A. Niblock Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

Lowe's Companies, Inc. 2011 Annual Report

page 3

