   Letter to shareholders
In fiscal 2006, Lowe’s celebrated
its 60th year of serving customers.
From humble beginnings as a single hardware
and general merchandise store in north Wilkesboro, north Carolina, this year, our 210,000 employees at nearly 1,400 stores in 49 states delivered solid results in a challenging operating environment.
 The year started strong with solid 4% comparable store sales growth in the first half, but the sales environment deterio- rated more quickly than we had forecasted, and our second half comp sales declined 4.6%. We finished the year with a flat comp overall. Three primary factors drove the slowdown in sales.
First, contrary to many forecasts, 2006
had an unusually mild hurricane season
(thankfully so). as we cycled the rebuild-
ing efforts from the record damage
caused by Katrina, Rita and Wilma in
the back half of 2006, our comp sales in
many parts of the gulf Coast and Florida
turned from a double-digit increase to a
double-digit decrease essentially over-
night. Our stores and employees are still
actively involved in the rebuilding efforts
in those areas, but sales in comp stores
were down from the prior year. In addi-
tion to providing high-quality products for repair and improve- ment of homes, as one example of our continuing efforts to serve customers in affected areas, we partnered with designer Marianne Cusato to develop and offer affordable house plans we call Lowe’s Katrina Cottages®. We are the exclusive retailer for these building plans and the associated materials needed for construction. Lowe’s Katrina Cottages combine great style and function with easy construction and affordability and offer the flexibility to expand in the future. Moreover, they are designed to meet hurricane codes, as well as the International
Building Code. You can find additional details about Lowe’s Katrina Cottages at www.Lowes.com/katrinacottage.
second, deflation in lumber and ply- wood, driven in part by cycling against the elevated demand and prices associ- ated with last year’s hurricanes, impacted our sales results in 2006. Unit sales in lumber and plywood were essentially flat year-over-year, but comp sales were down significantly, due to deflation.
and third, and certainly the most widely discussed, the housing environ- ment declined more quickly than we and others expected. at the beginning of fiscal 2006, in many markets, includ- ing areas of the northeast, southern Florida and the west coast, there were clear structural drivers suggesting a pullback in housing-related demand. That evidence led us to estimate housing
turnover would decline in 2006 as these once-hot markets cooled. What was more difficult to anticipate was the pullback in home improvement demand that we experienced in many unaffected markets, where housing dynamics remain solid, but consumers chose to delay home improvement projects due to the well-publicized reports of a slowing housing market and declining home values.
as the year progressed, housing turnover slowed more quickly and deeply than we originally anticipated. That rapid decline also pressured home prices as speculative demand
 Robert a. niblock Chairman of the Board and Chief executive Officer

     waned, housing supply grew, and homebuyers, as well as home improvement consumers, became cautious about spending.
We will continue to monitor closely both the structural drivers of demand and the mindset of the home improvement consumer through 2007.
even though our sales fell far short of our plan, solid cost controls allowed our earnings per share to land only 2.5% below the midpoint of our initial forecast. Cost controls included the rationalization of promotional advertising, initiatives to better manage self-insurance costs and diligent allocation of payroll dol- lars, but we were cautious to maintain staffing levels that would ensure a consistent high level of service in our stores. In addition, it has long been a part of the Lowe’s culture to
have a large component of total compensation based on performance. The theory is obvious – if employees are compensated based on the suc- cess of their store, or their product category, or the success of the company as a whole, they have incentive to drive performance and higher returns for our shareholders. This year, as we fell short of many of the goals we set at the beginning of the year, we paid out far less incentive compensation than in 2005.
despite the challenges of 2006, we made great progress on many initiatives and had some notable successes. according to indepen- dent third-party estimates, Lowe’s gained unit market share in all 20 of our product catego- ries during the calendar year. These share gains are a clear indication that despite a cautious home improvement consumer, Lowe’s con- tinues to be the store-of-choice for many.
as I see it, we had two choices as we entered
this period of slower sales. We could dramati-
cally cut spending to maintain earnings, or we could invest through the cycle to improve our business and capture market share. Our approach is, and will continue to be, to invest. That doesn’t mean we haven’t redoubled our evaluation of every expense, but we also see opportunity to gain market share by ensuring we provide customers with great products and great service.
as part of that investment for the future, our store expansion continues. In 2006, we added 155 new stores around the country, and we’ll add another 150 to 160 in 2007. We see the opportunity for more than 2,000 stores in north america with our current pro- totypes, and as we identify new ways to serve home improvement
customers, that number could rise. This year, we will also open our first stores outside of the United states with stores in toronto, Canada. Over time, we feel we have the opportunity for up to 100 stores in Canada. adding to our expansion opportunities outside the U.s., in January we announced our plans to open three to five stores in Monterrey, Mexico in 2009.
We will also continue our commitment to invest in our existing stores to keep them fresh and up-to-date. We spent more than $650 million on existing stores in 2006 to improve their look and shopability. We’ll spend an estimated $1.3 billion more over the next two years to drive sales and ensure our stores remain the easiest and most enjoyable to shop in the industry.
Letter to shareholders
 Our greatest hurdle in continuing to grow is ensuring we have the right people in place to continue delivering the in-store experience that customers have come to expect. I am confident Lowe’s has one of the deepest benches in all of retail. That depth runs from the store associate level, to our store managers, and all the way to our senior management team. The depth at the executive level was evident in 2006, as Larry stone was promoted to President and Chief Operat- ing Officer. at the same time, nick Canter moved from his role as head of our operations organization to lead our Merchandising teams, and Mike Brown was promoted to executive Vice President of store Operations. These senior executives will use their vast expe- rience to ensure Lowe’s is well positioned for our next 60 years.
 Financial highlights
In MILLIOns, eXCePt PeR shaRe data
net sales
gross Margin Pre-tax earnings earnings Per share
Basic earnings Per share
diluted earnings Per share Cash dividends Per share
Increase Over 2005
8.5% 32 bps2 11.2%
13.5% 15.0% 63.6%
Fiscal 20061
$46,927 34.5% $ 4,998
$ 2.02 $ 1.99 $ 0.18
Fiscal 20051
$43,243 34.2% $ 4,496
$ 1.78 $ 1.73 $ 0.11
 1Fiscal 2005 contained 53 weeks vs. 52 weeks in fiscal 2006 2Basis points
 trimline

   as shareholders and employees, I hope you share my confidence in the team we have at Lowe’s. I’m proud that all of these promotions were filled with tenured Lowe’s employees which highlights the deep bench strength I described.
Looking ahead to 2007, many of the headwinds we faced in 2006 are likely to lessen, or in some cases, disappear completely. We’re certainly all hopeful that we will experience a mild hurri- cane season similar to last year. But, regardless of this year’s storm season, from a comparison standpoint our results will not be chal- lenged by a significant sales hurdle from rebuilding efforts as they were in 2006. Lumber and plywood prices have always been tough to predict, but I’m fairly confident we will not likely be facing
and millwork. Other channels of trade have historically sold these categories with in-home consultation, and our new model puts us on equal footing, making the shopping experience easier by elimi- nating the often multiple trips to our store to complete a sale. early results are positive, and we will expand our test in 2007.
We also added new systems, including continuing efforts to automate our special Order process to make it quicker and easier. In 2006, 82% of our special Order transactions were processed electronically. also, we installed new tools like our online kitchen design center that allows a customer to make many of the basic choices involved in a kitchen remodel online before coming into the store. since we rolled it out in February 2006, over 12,000
customers have used the tool to begin the design of their dream kitchen.
and, we remain committed to providing the best customer service in the business. Our training programs ensure our employees have the product knowledge they need to help customers, which drives lower turnover and better retention rates of our experienced employees, and, ultimately, better service.
These efforts to improve the shopping experience at Lowe’s will ensure we continue to gain market share, regardless of the exter- nal environment. Based on the indications that the worst of the housing slowdown is behind us and the initiatives we have in place to drive sales, I believe our sales results will gradually improve throughout fiscal 2007, and we have the opportunity to deliver another solid year.
sixty years of experience brings perspec- tive. a lot has changed in the history of Lowe’s, but what has remained is our core values and
culture of customer service. My commitment to you, as a share- holder, employee, vendor or customer, is that we will continue to improve our execution in order to capitalize on opportunity.
Thank you for your continued support.
Robert a. niblock
Letter to shareholders
  Sales
In Billions of Dollars
$36.5 $30.8
$26.1
$46.9
Net Earnings
In Millions of Dollars
$2,167 $1,822
$1,485
$3,105
$43.2
$2,765
            02 03 04 05 06
The success of our sales initiatives
has driven a five-year compound annual growth rate of 17%.
02 03 04 05 06
As we drive sales and become more efficient in our operations, net earnings have increased at a five-year compound annual growth rate of 26%.
20–40% deflation in the second half of 2007. and finally, as we enter fiscal 2007, there are some signs that the worst effects of the housing slowdown are behind us. While we are not banking on a rapid recovery, the most recent housing data show encouraging signs of a stabilization in housing supply and a bottoming in total housing turnover, which would lead to improving year-over-year trends. Many of those factors are out of our control, as opposed to our internal initiatives and programs that are designed to improve our execution and enhance our customer service.
We are continuing to develop and test new and better ways to serve customers. For example, in 2006 we tested a new in-home selling model for installation projects like roofing, siding, fencing
 