Letter to Our Shareholders
By any measure, 2005 was another great year for Lowe's. Our strong financial results for the year, including 19 percent sales growth, 6 percent comparable store sales growth and 27 percent net earnings growth, provide evidence that customer-focused programs throughout our organization are driving repeat business and attracting new customers to our stores. During 2005, our stores completed nearly 640 million transactions, which is equal to 1,200 transactions per minute. As CEO of Lowe's, I have the privilege every day to work with a great team that is focused on customers and delivering great service with every transaction. This is one of the key drivers that has made Lowe's successful for the past 60 years. The continued enthusiasm and commitment of our more than 185,000 employees to delivering excellent customer service is helping us realize our vision of making Lowe's the first choice for home improvement in each and every market we serve. Driving our top-line growth in 2005 was our continued expansion as we opened 150 stores, including our first stores in New Hampshire. We ended the fiscal year with 1,234 stores in 49 states, with approximately 55 percent in the top 100 markets. We will continue to add stores in these markets, which represent a significant opportunity for further market share gains. Our store expansion plan for 2006 includes opening 155 new stores in great locations around the country. Fueling our growth pipeline are the approximately 400 future sites currently approved through our real estate committee, and of those, more than 65 percent are in the nation's top 100 markets. In addition, during 2005 we announced plans to expand our retail store presence outside of the United States, with the opening of six to 10 stores in Toronto, Canada, in 2007. Opening new stores in new markets is just one aspect of our growth strategy. Equally important is driving sales in our existing stores by improving the shopping experience and adding compelling and innovative products to our shelves. Our merchandising teams continue to work closely with our vendor partners to add new products that inspire customers to improve their homes. Recent additions to our merchandising assortment include the introduction of Samsung high-efficiency digital kitchen appliances to our strong appliance offering and the addition of John Deere mowers to our already successful outdoor power equipment lineup for the 2006 spring season. We're experiencing great results from these brands as well as many others we've added throughout the year. A strong driver of our performance is also continued investment in our existing stores, so we are diligent about making our older stores appear as fresh and inviting as our newest locations. In 2005, we invested $650 million in our existing store base, and in 2006 we plan to invest $800 million in maintenance, signage, displays and other upgrades we believe are essential for maintaining a superior shopping environment. Customer-focused employees and great stores with inspiring products drove comparable store sales growth of 6.1 percent in 2005. We achieved this comp on top of a 6.6 percent increase in 2004, 6.7 percent in 2003 and 5.8 percent in 2002, resulting in a four-year average comparable store sales increase of 6.3 percent. Our comp store sales growth, combined with great new store locations, has led to an increase in average sales per store from $20 million in 1994 to over $37 million in 2005. Our success in consistently growing comp sales and average sales per store is a validation that we are meeting the needs of customers and our business initiatives are well-executed.

Our success in consistently growing comp sales and average sales per store is a validation that we are meeting the needs of customers and our business initiatives are well-executed.

Robert A. Niblock
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

As we continue to enhance our offering, we are keenly aware of demographic and societal trends shaping the needs and desires of homeowners and the professionals who provide service to them. Our Big 3 sales initiatives of Installed Sales, Special Order Sales (SOS), and sales to the Commercial Business Customer (CBC) are no exception. These well-defined and ever-improving initiatives are not new for Lowe's, nor are the trends driving their success. They continue to align with customer needs, drive traffic, grow average ticket and deliver comp sales above the company average. Fiscal 2005 represented the first year that our new Installed Sales model was fully implemented in all stores and supported by a national advertising campaign. With a focus on execution and a continued demand for products such as cabinets, countertops, flooring and millwork, Installed Sales increased 31 percent to $2.6 billion in fiscal 2005. Installed Sales is driven by the changing preferences of many consumers, who are moving from do-it-yourself (DIY), to do-it-for-me (DIFM) customers due to time-pressed schedules, a growing desire for projects requiring highly-skilled labor, and the convenience of one-stop shopping that Lowe's provides. We believe the relevant market for Installed Sales represents a $150 billion opportunity in labor alone. As the market continues to shift from DIY to DIFM, we are well positioned to leverage our Installed Sales model and serve the changing needs of customers. Driven by our efforts to improve selection and simplify the process for customers purchasing special order products, sales in this category grew 25 percent in fiscal 2005 to $3.9 billion. Customers want to express their individuality throughout their homes, and we continue to enhance our merchandise selection to meet their needs. Our special order offering includes hundreds of thousands of additional products that can be selected and ordered at any of our stores. Special Order Sales remain a tremendous growth opportunity as we continue to utilize advancements in technology to improve our presentation of special order merchandise and streamline the ordering and delivery process. Sales to the Commercial Business Customer represent approximately 25 percent of our total sales, and this segment posted another year of strong growth in fiscal 2005. Our focus remains on reaching out to repair and remodelers, professional tradespeople and property management professionals who visit Lowe's for the convenient one-stop shopping experience we offer. The foundation of our success with these customers is our ability to offer great service, everyday low prices, professional quality products and a knowledgeable sales team. We are committed to investing in our Big 3 sales initiatives to ensure we continue to meet customers' needs, and we're confident these programs will help drive our future performance. As a result, we recently created a new position, senior vice president of specialty sales, responsible for defining the strategies to grow our installed, special order and commercial sales businesses. In 2005, we leveraged a strong sales environment to deliver record profits, as net earnings grew 27 percent over fiscal 2004. Our annual operating margin exceeded 11 percent for the first time in Lowe's history and gross margin of 34.2 percent increased 62 basis points over fiscal 2004. These financial benchmarks demonstrate our commitment to controlling costs and our ability to drive operational efficiencies throughout our organization. Longer term, we expect annual operating margin improvement of approximately 20 to 30 basis points per year, which will come from many sources including increased global sourcing of product, new technology, leveraging vendor services and efficiencies gained from our Rapid Response Replenishment distribution initiative, or R3. The implementation of R3 progressed during the year as we continued to enhance our distribution capabilities in support of our growing footprint of stores. R3 is designed to better leverage our industry-leading distribution and logistics infrastructure with three well-defined objectives. First and foremost, the goal of R3 is to improve customer service by ensuring we have the right product, in the right store, at the right time. The second goal is to improve total supply chain profitability, and
G R E AT S T O R E S G R E AT H O M E S 3

We are committed to investing in our Big 3 sales initiatives to ensure we continue to meet customers' needs, and we're confident these programs will help drive our future performance.

In 2005, we leveraged a strong sales environment to deliver record profits, as net earnings grew 27 percent over fiscal 2004. Our annual operating margin exceeded 11 percent for the first time in Lowe's history and gross margin of 34.2 percent increased 62 basis points over fiscal 2004.

Letter to Our Shareholders
third is to better leverage inventory. As we enter 2006, with the majority of the R3 implementation behind us, we have improved our replenishment process and can now more efficiently distribute product at the rate of sales. We reduced the amount of product sent directly to our stores from vendors with inefficient less-than-truckload shipments and increased the volume of product channeled through our 11 regional distribution centers. When we began this initiative about two years ago, approximately 50 percent of stock product was moving through our distribution network. At the end of fiscal 2005, that amount had increased to nearly 70 percent, with the majority of product traveling in full truckloads. This shift gives us more control over our inventory so we can better serve the needs of our stores and our customers. We'll continue to increase the number of items flowing through our distribution network this year and are well positioned to achieve our goal of moving 75 percent of stock merchandise through our network by the end of fiscal 2006. As we plan for our future growth, we have confidence in the internal initiatives that continue to create sales momentum and drive operational efficiencies in our business. In addition, our optimistic outlook is supported by demographic trends and economic indicators that point to sustained strength in consumer demand for the products and services we offer. Importantly, the vast majority of our customers are homeowners, and U.S. homeownership is near record levels, providing an established customer base for home maintenance and repair projects. In addition, demographic shifts in the U.S. are increasing the number of consumers entering the housing market. Members of Generation X are buying homes at a younger age than their parents and have shown a strong desire to personalize and upgrade features in their homes. The emergence of the Echo Boomers, sometimes referred to as Generation Y, is expected to have a similar positive effect on our business. Echo Boomers are 72 million strong and, with the influx of immigration, are likely to be the largest generation in American history. Much of this group is just beginning to enter homeownership and the housing market will begin seeing the impact from this generation as early as 2007. Also driving the U.S. homeownership trend is continued immigration and the rising number of minorities living the American dream of owning their home. With our commitment to multicultural marketing and staffing, we are well positioned to appeal to this growing population. Three primary economic metrics that we monitor as drivers for the home improvement industry are personal income, employment and housing turnover. Personal income continues to grow, and the February 2006 Blue Chip Economic Indicators forecast real personal income growth of 3.4 percent for 2006 compared with 1.4 percent in 2005. Employment growth, which is a strong indicator of home improvement sales, is encouraging and provides stability for American consumers. Housing turnover is expected to continue at a historically high pace, according to The National Association of Realtors , which forecasts 2006 housing turnover to be the third strongest year on record. We follow these metrics closely, and collectively we believe they indicate a favorable climate for the home improvement industry.
TM SM

As we have been for the past 60 years, Lowe's is ready for the opportunities ahead. By anticipating consumers' needs, we will continue to operate great stores with the products, services, and solutions to help our customers create great homes.

These favorable trends, combined with great service, compelling stores and a proven growth strategy give us confidence in our continued success. As we have been for the past 60 years, Lowe's is ready for the opportunities ahead. By anticipating consumers' needs, we will continue to operate great stores with the products, services, and solutions to help our customers create great homes.

Robert A. Niblock
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 4 G R E AT S T O R E S G R E AT H O M E S

