 	 


 
Dear Shareholders:

We believe that Lowe's 1s best defined through our identification with our customers. communities, employ­ees. suppliers. and all the rest or our shareholders. We believe that this identification is what makes Lowe·s unique among the mailers in our marketplace. We have long described II as a pannership-immeresl, because ea.ch partner 's efforts toward excellence contribute to the success or the others. As we increasingly reap the benefits or Lowe 's growth in capacity, dedication, technology. and outreach. we are strengthening our relationship with the growing number or Lowe's panners. It is therefore a pleasure 10 report this year's results.  which are the rewards of successful partnership and the promise or greater enrichment ahead.
In 1994. as we continued Lowe's transfonnation
into a chain of large stores ,our sales grew 35%. We increased our gross margin by40%,while expenses rose 32%. In just four years, Lowe's largest oreshave grown 10 represent:

57% or our total chain, up from only 13 %;
69% or sales. up from 16%; and
71% oroperaung earnings, up from 14%.

Before our large stores achieved critical mass in our chain, we asked shareholders to have faith in Lo we's strategic direction. Faith was once defined by the satirist Ambrose Bierce as "belief without evidence in what is told by one without knowledge." Now we a re pleased 10
 


offer the substantial evidence of Lowe's financial results as jus11fica11on or our shareholders' fa11h in us, and as prior that " Lowe's Knows!"

For O ur Cus tom ers

More than half the customers in Lowe's "big box.. stores are Baby Boomers who are now reaching their peak earning years. We are meeting the needs and fulfilling the desires or this dominant consumer group by offering comprehensive product assortments at Lowe's Eve1;•day Competitive Prices, presented conveniently for bmh efficient self-service and for trained assistance on de­mand. Demands for everyday value pricing. dominant assortments. and efficient shopping are not just fads. In dual income households, single parent households, and households ,with active children , time has become the most precious commodity. The value of time to Baby Boomersand their fam1lies has led to a redennitionor "convenience."11nolonger means"close to home." It
now meansLime-emcient.one-swpshoppingthatenables busy Ninetiesconsumers torindeverythingtheyneedat aneveryday lowprice(because theydon't have time to wait forsales) . Low'es destinat ionstoresa re designedto meet these customer demands,andtheyaredoingso splendidly.
Lowe's is expanding the interactive systems now available10 help our customers plan their projec's (Please see feature pages 6 & 7). We also continue to
 
offer in-store clinics on a variety of DIY s kills, and in 1994 we expanded our outreach by becoming the first company in our industry to play a major role in develop­ ing a cable TV network, HGTV(I-tome and Garden TV). Now reaching more than 6.5 million households daily, HGTV offers programming to cover the spectrum of Baby Boomer lifestyles.

For Our Suppliers

Lowe's now has 336 stores, of which 207 are less than six>•ears old. Weended fiscal I994 with 18.6 million square fee t of retail sellings pace. a growth of 31% over 1993. As we promised in last year's letter, during I994 we completed 50 large store projects which were divided between new markets and relocations. We currently have a two-year expansion goal of be tween 110
and 120 projects. including think relocations, which will give us a to talora1 least 400 s to res by the end of 1996.
In l995 alonc, we will add more than five million square feet to our selling space.
This is good news for Lowe's vendor partners, but the good news doesn't stop there. Our super convenience stores are not just big boxes: they're also l 50,000-square­ fooL think tanks where we are constantly developing
better ways 10 give our customers access 10 even more
 
and services conveniently and at competitive prices, we also bring jobs and a tradition of community involvement that is not limited to the business that we do in our stores.
Lowe's Charitable and Educational Foundation has been supporting wonhy efforts in Lowe's communities since 1957, and its list of beneficiaries grows every year. The Home improvement Research Institute , which Lowe's co-founded in 1981  wiLh other leaders of our industry, has since become the authoritative industry
informational resource. And in 1993 we founded Lowe's Ho me Safety Council, a nonprofit organization dedicated to helping families improve the quality of their lives at home through beuer knowledge and practice of home safety.
In l994 Lowe's Home Safety Council sponsored
the television program "Safety Watch: Is Your Home A Danger Zone?"Hosted by Emmy Award winners Mc Lean Stevenson and Loretta Swil, the program informed viewers about important safety issues and provided
solutions 10 help make homes safer, inside and out. To coincide with "Safety Watch ," the council established a toll-free . 24-hour information line, 1-800-4-SAFE
HOME, which provides recorded safety information on most commonly requested topics.
The Ho me Safety Council also sponsors home safety makeovers and supports existing community
 
products. For example, our Special Order System con­nects with our network of vendor partners 10 facilitate delivery of nearly a quarter of a million items!
Each year Lowe's salutes a group of outstanding manufacturers whose partnership with Lowe's has been particularly successful. These are Lowe's Suppliers of the Year-	companies whose philosophy, product develop­ment. marketing, packaging. distribution, and support services deserve special recognition . Last August we
announced that our Suppliers or the Year divisional winners arc Anchor Swan: Armstrong: Cannon Valley Woodwork: Cedar Works: MW Manufacturing: Osram/ Sylvania: Phillips Consumer Electronics: Sun belt Plastics: Water Ace; and Weyerhaeuser Compan)'· The overall winner is MW Manufacturing, representing the Millwork Division.
Of course. The best reward we can give Lo we's
suppliers is higher sales volume. In 1994 we expressed our appreciation with a JS% increase in the business we do together. They accepted very gracefully.

For Our Communities

When Lo we's opens a store in a community, it's good news for everyone except our competition! Not only do we provide a tremendous assortment of products
2
 
childrens kills for fire prevention and escape. In addition , the council is developing public service Safety Watch kiosks which provide free information a bount safe1yissues and will ultimately house an interactive video sys1em.
These kiosks will be prominent In our stores' customer traffic now.
InMarc h 1995 the International Public Relations Association recognized the community efforts of Lo we's Home Safety Council by selecting ii 10 receive a Golden World Award. Based in Geneva, Switzerland, Lhe IPRA serves as a focal point for debate and information on the role of public relations in economic and social affairs. We are proud to be keeping company wiLh such august fellow award-winners as Bristol- Myers Squibb. British Airways, Microsoft. Quaker Oats. and Visa International.

For Our Employees

The number of our employees keeps growing as Lowe's grows. Fromjus1 over 21,000 at the start of 1993, we have now surpassed 37,000 and are planning 10 have 60,000 employees by the end or I996 . We are proud to welcome so many new co-workers to Lowe's, and 10 offer Lhem the opportunity to learn new skills and pursue their career goals within an organization which has twice been
 

 
 
cited as one of The JOO Best Companies IO Work For in
America.
Through Lowe's Employee StockOwnership Plan, our 401K plan, and a voluntary employee stock purchase plan, Lowe's employees own a significant portion of our company's shares. From the clays of Lowe's founding father. Carl Buchan. up LO the presem. Lowe's has honored the principle of employee ownership as the very best motivation for success. Our employees have re­sponded with a degree of dedication and loyalty rare in any industry. and they continually repay themselves with Lowe's prosperity.
Our managemement team includes numerous highly motivated, talented employees who have built stellar
 











In 1994 we paid record high cash dividends totaling more than $27.4 million. Lowe's has paid dividends for 134 consecutive quarters.
 
careers for themselves at Lowe's. One of our all-time brightest stars is Bob Tillman, who began his career with Lowe's as office manager in our Princeton, West Virginia store 32 years ago. In 1994 Bob became Lowe's Chief Operating Officer. Last year also saw the promotion of Michael Rouleau to President of The Contractor Yard, Inc.. Lowe's new chain dedicated 10 serving the particular needs of our contractor customers. Michael retains his posiuon as ExecutiveVice President of Store Operations.
 
·--·-
 

.., .,.
 
In FORTUNE '" magazine's latest listing of America's top retailers, Lowe's ranked:
29th in Sales, up from 32nd; 27th in Profits, up from 28th;
19th in Market Value, up [rom 24th; 1st in Tot.al Return to Investors, up
from 7th.
 

For Our Shareholders

Mr. Archie Fain of Providence, Rhode Island . is one of Lowe's original shareholders. As his 90th birthday approached, his son Barry wrote 10 us to let us know about the upcoming event, and to tell us that after 33 years as a Lowe's shareholder, Mr. Fain was adamant in his insistence that his children "not even think about selling the stock." Barry reports that the family still owns nearly 75,000 shares.
To the Fain family and to our other shareholder
partners in Lo we's. we pledge our continuing dedication 10 the goal of · Partner Enrichment." To prove the value
of that pledge, here's what has happened 10 100 shares of Lowe's stock bought for $12.25 per share on the initial
offer ing date in 1961 and held as a long-term investment. At S32 per share, 1.2,000 shares have a market value or
$384,000, or 313 times the original in vestment.
 
We salute and thank all our Partners-In-Interest. particularly our Board of Directors. During 1994 we welcomed new directors Carol Farmer and Bob Tillman 101ha1distinguished group.
Every day, our techno-culture is opening new ramps onto the In formation Highway . To make the unprecedented access to information more meaningful, and 10 give consumers more options for their participa­tion, today's clarion call is "Get Interactive!" Although the cybernetic applications of this concept may be new, Lowe's has been interactive for years-- responding 10 the changing needs and desires of our customers, geuing involved in the communities where we operate,  building a corporate family that nurtures the careers of our
employees, and encouraging participation in Lowe's growth through share ownership.
We embrace the opportunities for further innova­tion which are now developing, and we invite you all to explore"Lowe's Ineractive!"
 

 





 
Robe rt L. Strickland
Chairman of the Board
 
Cordial good wishes,
 

cf
Leonard G. Herring
President and Chief Executive Officer
Nonh Wilke:sbo,o. NC
 











3
