Letters to Our Shareholders

Robert L. Tillman, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer and Robert A. Niblock, President

To our shareholders.

Back-to-back success is an achievement recognized in both business and sports as representative of true excellence. A strong year only raises the hurdle for the next, and Lowe's has a proven track record of consistently strong performance as we've transformed the company into a leader in the home improvement industry. Rising to the challenge created by record results in 2002, our success in 2003 is a testament that Lowe's is providing the products and services that allow Americans to invest in what matters to them. 2003 was a great year for Lowe's. Under the strong leadership of our experienced management team, we delivered above-plan sales and earnings despite the weather-affected slow start experienced in the first quarter. After the slow start to spring, we knew we would be facing a compressed selling season, and our stores would need to be ready. We invested in the business and had the merchandise and staffing in place to serve our customers as they initiated home improvement projects when weather improved. That investment was rewarded with strong financial results. Sales from continuing operations for the year totaled $30.8 billion dollars, up 18.1 percent over fiscal 2002, and comparable store sales increased 6.7 percent. We experienced balanced sales across all of our operating regions and product categories. In fact, all 18 regions and all 18 product categories delivered positive comparable store sales for the year, further demonstrating the deep and far-reaching connection we have made with our customers. Gross margin continues to expand, driven not by higher prices, but rather by our efforts to minimize acquisition and supply chain costs. Our commitment to everyday low prices remains strong, guaranteeing our customers that they will find the best prices at Lowe's every day. Growth in gross margin, combined with effective expense control, led to an industry leading, and Lowe's record, 10.7 percent operating margin for the year. Net earnings grew by 27.6 percent in 2003 and diluted earnings per share increased to $2.34, up 26.5 percent over 2002. We reached many significant milestones in 2003. Lowe's crossed $30 billion in sales, shareholders' equity exceeded $10 billion, and we took the final step in our transformation to a national, big-box home improvement retailer when we sold the 26 commodity-focused Contractor Yard locations. This transaction allows us to hone our focus on our retail and targeted commercial customers. In fiscal 2003, we opened 130 stores, including five relocations, bringing our store count to 952. We entered Chicago with three stores and added additional locations in strategic markets like Los Angeles, New York, Detroit and Memphis. We also entered many smaller markets across America, making Lowe's more and more convenient for home improvement consumers around the country. A key component of our success in America's smaller markets is our new 94,000-square-foot prototype store. Designed to efficiently serve single-store markets across the country, we opened the first prototype in March and ended the year with 32 of our 94,000-square-foot stores. We designed this prototype to have the same look and feel as our larger stores, and our customer feedback confirms that we met our objective. We continue to be pleased with the results these stores are delivering, and the communities we're entering are greeting us with excitement. Our back-to-back success provides even more confidence in our future. The home improvement industry is strong and growing. In fact, the Home Improvement Research Institute estimates nearly five percent growth in home improvement spending each year over the next several years. That growth is buttressed by the strongest housing market on record. In 2003, housing turnover reached record levels, and that strength is expected to continue into 2004 and beyond. Increases in disposable income, improving equity markets, and low mortgage rates that fuel a strong refinancing market have propelled home improvement spending and helped make affordable housing available to those
2003 ANNUAL REPORT 03

wanting to participate in the American dream. This strength has led to record levels of home ownership in the U.S., which stood at 68.6 percent at the end of 2003. These macroeconomic forces were not the only driver of our past success, but they provide confidence that the future is bright for Lowe's. Our strength and the strength of the home improvement industry is driven by several factors -- demographic, social and economic. First, evolving demographic trends have been, and will continue to be, a positive force for Lowe's and the home improvement industry. The large and influential Baby Boomer population is entering the peak second-home buying age and is driving a robust second-home market. Driven by this phenomenon, some estimates suggest that 150,000 second homes will be built each year for the rest of this decade. In addition, Boomers are more time-strapped than ever and are looking for solutions that make their lives easier. One-stop-shopping convenience and an ever-expanding array of installation services makes Lowe's a destination to fulfill their needs. Generation Xers are in the family formation years and are looking for ways to improve their home's function, safety and appeal. This generation values information that allows it to initiate projects. Our informative signage and knowledgeable employees provide just the resources these customers demand. And finally, Echo Boomers, also known as Gen Y, are focused on customization, frequently changing everything from paint to flooring to faucets to fulfill their desire for distinctiveness. This generation is coming of age and is actively influencing many purchasing decisions today. With over 40,000 products in stock, and hundreds of thousands more available by special order, these customers can find the products they're looking for at Lowe's. The second force driving home improvement is diversity. Home ownership among minorities is growing rapidly in the U.S., driven by an immigrant population focused on the American dream of owning a home. Harvard's Joint Center for Housing Studies reports that in 2001, minorities accounted for 32 percent of first-time homebuyers, and from 1995 to 2001, they represented 60 percent of the increase in households. Bilingual employees, targeted advertising and unique products to meet varying cultural styles are just a few of the things we're doing at Lowe's to meet the needs of our increasingly diverse customers. Third, Americans are more focused than ever on the comfort, security and warmth that home has to offer. As Americans deal with a tumultuous geopolitical environment and the stress of everyday life, keeping in touch with the people who matter remains a top priority, and they're doing it at home. Home ownership was a cornerstone of the American dream long before interest rates began their latest decline in 2001, and we believe a focus on the home and home improvement will remain part of the American dream even as interest rates rise. Finally, a growing trend in home improvement is a phenomenon known as "serial remodeling." Inspired by innovation and energy efficiency, home improvement is being driven less by need and more by a sense of style and a desire to trade-up. Many customers are repainting their rooms with the most fashionable new color or replacing a working washer and dryer with new, more efficient appliances that clean better while using less water and energy. Innovation is the key, and we encourage our vendors to ensure they are providing inspirational products for our customers. This trend is in lockstep with our up-the-continuum merchandising strategy that ensures our customers will find quality and innovation in the products we offer at everyday low prices. We'll capitalize on these trends by adding stores as well as enhancing existing stores to ensure we're providing exactly what our customers are looking for. Lowe's track record for keeping its finger on the pulse of the consumer is strong. In early 2004, Lowe's was named Most Admired Specialty Retailer by FORTUNE® magazine for a second year in a row. That recognition is representative of the service our employees provided our customers and the financial results we delivered. I recently announced my plan to retire at the end of fiscal 2004, and Robert Niblock has been named chairman and chief executive officerelect. I have full confidence in his ability to build on our success and take Lowe's to its next level of growth and development. With Lowe's strategic course firmly in place and a deep and talented management team committed to ensuring Lowe's future success, I am convinced that now is the ideal time for me to continue the process of handing the reins of the company over to Robert. I look forward to working closely with him this year as we execute a smooth and orderly transition. Under the direction of Robert and Lowe's seasoned management team, and with a bright outlook for the home improvement industry, I am confident we can look forward to many more years of success.

robert l. tillman
chairman of the board and chief executive officer
April 16, 2004 Mooresville, NC

04 LOWE'S COMPANIES, INC.

As I reflect on my first year as president of Lowe's, I'm proud of the results we delivered in 2003. Our employees were passionate about taking care of our customers, focused on executing the fundamentals of retailing, and delivered exceptional results that wouldn't have been possible without the entire team working as one. We've described for years the value we see in developing the appropriate infrastructure to manage our growing store base. The value of our structure was highlighted in 2003 as comparable store sales ramped from flat in the first quarter to over 12 percent in the third quarter. Our state-of-the-art logistics and distribution infrastructure allowed us to keep our stores in stock with the right products to satisfy the strong demand we experienced in the second half of the year, while leveraging inventory growth. Our disciplined operating structure allowed us to match payroll hours to sales across the entire chain, with a controlled model that leverages sales and ensures customer service levels remain high. The results we delivered in 2003, including strong sales, great customer service and high in-stock levels, are a testament to the value of that structure and could not have been achieved without the entire Lowe's team working together. For fiscal 2004, we added two new divisions and three regions to our store operations structure to ensure an effective management system is in place to deliver our customers a consistent Lowe's experience no matter where they shop. While execution of the basics is fundamental to our success, Installed Sales, Special Order Sales (SOS) and our Commercial Business Customer (CBC) initiatives continue to evolve to better serve our customers. This year, we began rolling out an enhanced installed sales model designed to better communicate and manage our customers' expectations. At the end of 2003, the new model was in place in 380 stores. We continue to be extremely pleased with the results of this model. Customers, installers and employees tell us the model works, and we are seeing the success in improving customer satisfaction scores. Over 90 percent of the customers experiencing the model say they would use Lowe's again for a future installed project. We expect to have the new model in all stores by the end of fiscal 2004, allowing us to better serve the growing "do-it-for-me" customer base. Enhancements to our SOS process continue to make selecting, ordering and tracking these sales more convenient and worry-free. In the second half of 2003, we completed the rollout of our SOS Express program for fashion plumbing. The new automated system improves inventory visibility and, utilizing a dedicated distribution facility, provides accurate and timely fulfillment of orders. Additionally, the new system informs the customer about related products needed to complete or complement the project. As with our installed sales model, the best way to measure the success of this new model is with customer satisfaction. We've seen sales return rates cut in half -- evidence of the efficient new technology. One of the most exciting aspects of SOS Express is that the model can be leveraged into many other categories. We will explore these opportunities in 2004 and beyond, as we provide our customers a more efficient process to fulfill their desire to differentiate their homes. And finally, our CBC business continues to drive strong results, delivering comparable store sales higher than the company average in 2003. Our commitment to commercial customers remains strong, and we're excited about the growth prospects going forward. Providing great inventory depth and knowledgeable staff is paramount to our success with commercial customers. We're utilizing our direct marketing capabilities to remind commercial customers we have the products and brands they need, in the quantities they demand, all at everyday low prices. Our merchandising organization continues to partner with well-known national vendors to develop and provide great products for our ® An enhancement of our existing American Tradition customers. An excellent example unveiled in 2003 is American Tradition® Signature Colors. line of paint, Signature Colors adds a premium assortment of thousands of designer colors to our interior paint offering. Shades inspired by Eddie TM Waverly® and other well-known brands give our customers unmatched selection to add their unique style to any room. Bauer,® Nickelodeon, This is just one of the numerous examples of how our merchants are constantly working with our vendors to differentiate Lowe's product offering, keep our stores fresh and ensure we're providing our customers exciting new products that make home improvement easier and more enjoyable. Our 2003 marketing programs were successful in solidifying Lowe's position as a preeminent national retailer where do-it-yourself and commercial customers alike can find the products and services to turn a house into a home. Our "Improving Home Improvement®" campaign continues to evolve and is hitting home with customers across America. Our marketing message is representative of the consistently inviting and inspirational shopping environment found in each of our stores across the country. Our theme for this year's National Sales Meeting was Defining Opportunity, and that's just what we intend to do in 2004. We see opportunities in everything we do, as we strive to better serve our customers and to fulfill Lowe's vision to be the first choice for home improvement in each and every market we serve. From the initial welcome as a customer walks through our doors, to an enthusiastic salesperson who helps a dream become a reality, we will continually look for opportunities to enhance customer service and make our customers' lives easier. I am honored by the support and confidence of Bob Tillman, which led to the Board of Directors' decision to name me chairman and CEO-elect. I am also very fortunate to have in place a seasoned executive team who, in their collective experience, represent the gold standard in the home improvement industry. Together, we look forward to continuing to drive value for our shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, and the communities we serve. Building on Bob Tillman's vision, which launched Lowe's into a new era more than a decade ago, I look forward to the challenges and opportunities ahead of us. I accept this responsibility knowing our company has a clear vision, a sound strategy, high quality leadership and an enabling culture that provides the foundation I'm confident will lead to continued success.

To our shareholders.

robert a. niblo ck
president
April 16, 2004 Mooresville, NC
2003 ANNUAL REPORT 05

