To our shareholders:
Robert L. Tillman
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

By any measure, 2001 was a challenging year. A year of change, introspection and progress. In an economic and competitive environment where many companies faltered and others failed, Lowe's prevailed and prospered. The company opened 115 stores, bringing our total number to 744; achieved sales of $22.1 billion, a 17.7% increase over last year; and increased net earnings by 26.3%, to over one billion dollars, or $1.30 per share. Importantly, this performance was balanced. The company's sales increases were a result of a strong performance from our new stores, and comparable stores (those open 13 months or longer) growing at a respectable 2.4% in 2001 ... despite a soft economy and waning consumer confidence. This balanced performance was also a product of: increases in both customer traffic and average ticket, a better sales mix resulting in higher gross margins, tighter cost controls, and an unrelenting commitment to business process improvement. Our performance, as reported on our financial statements, reflects only the numerical successes we enjoy. The real story is what's behind the numbers. Our average ticket increase of two percentage points (the sixth consecutive annual increase) reflects the effectiveness of our displays, signing and training programs. Our gross margin improvement of 63 basis points suggests our focus on product line design is working. And our transaction count increase of over 15% illustrates our ability to attract and satisfy more customers than ever before with improved assortments, greater value, higher levels of service and better organized, easierto-shop stores. In the spring of 2001 we opened our first store in the Boston metropolitan area in Danvers, M.A. In the fall, we opened two stores in the New York City area, in Medford, N.Y., and North Bergen, N.J. The success of these stores again validates our metro strategy. We remain committed to building more stores in major metropolitan markets, where our stores typically perform above company averages. In fact, approximately 65% of the 123 stores we will open in 2002 are in metro locations. But Lowe's is building more than stores. We're building a brand -- the Lowe's brand. Great brands are like good friends. We'll go out of our way for them because we like and trust them. Successful brands make both an emotional as well as rational connection with consumers. And to the extent the brand is actually different and better than a competing brand, it achieves what all brands aspire to... loyalty and longevity. Lowe's brand-building platform is designed to answer the "Why Lowe's?" question. Why should customers be expected to drive by one of Lowe's competitors to buy the products they need or want to maintain, repair or improve their homes? The answer to this question forms the foundation of Lowe's merchandising and operational strategy. Today, Lowe's offers our customers reputable, reliable and, where appropriate and possible, exclusive national branded

3

products. These brands are showcased in an efficient store environment that's clean, safe, well lit and well staffed. A store where friendly, informed and accessible employees are the rule, not the exception; where standards are maintained and uniformity is embraced; and where the merchandise offering is seamlessly integrated into a unique and consistently executed collection of supporting services. Offering quality products at competitive prices, under the banner of a recognizable and dependable national brand, available only at Lowe's, is a fundamental element in answering the "Why Lowe's?" question. Clearly, exclusive brands play an important role in differentiating Lowe's from others. Today, within the Home Improvement Warehouse channel, Lowe's proudly promotes great names and exclusive products manufactured or licensed by: KitchenAid® and Whirlpool® appliances; Husqvarna® outdoor power equipment; Jenn-Air® gas grills; Pella® doors & windows; Cub Cadet® lawn mowers & tractors; Miracle-Gro® plants; Olympic® paint; Troybilt® tillers & tractors; Weyerhaeuser® ChoiceDekTM composite lumber; Alexander Julian® and Laura Ashley® rugs, wallpaper & window treatments and many more. Another important merchandising and store operations initiative is our "Up The Continuum" strategy. Today, more than ever, our homeowner customers are spending more time in, and money on, their single most valuable asset ... their home. And for the most part, they think of their expenditures as investments, which provide both current enjoyment as well as financial return. Up The Continuum is simply recognizing the consumer's migration to quality when it comes to investing in their home. Customers tell us they want, and are willing to pay for, quality, brand-name merchandise that's unique, consistent with their lifestyle and tastes, and lasts longer and performs better. Lowe's merchants are shifting the product mix away from our historical dependency on opening-price-point merchandise on one end of the continuum to a more balanced mix within the middle and upper end of the lines, by profiling and marketing our assortments differently. We're not abandoning our opening price points, just focusing more of our resources (floor space, inventory investment and advertising) from the "Good" merchandise to the "Better, Best and Premium" products. This shift translates to a more profitable mix for both Lowe's and our vendors ... and most importantly, a more satisfactory experience for our customers. The "Why Lowe's?" story of differentiation isn't complete without the commitment and support of our 110,000-plus sales associates. Having the right products, in stock, at the right prices is "the cost of entry" into the consumer's wallet. Providing them accessible and knowledgeable assistance is essential to earn their loyalty and repeat business. We reach out to help our customers in many ways. Our nearly 40 million household database, with complete customer profiles matched to item-specific purchasing behavior, provides Lowe's a wealth of information. This knowledge is used to communicate timely and pertinent announcements about new products or services, or advice about projects the customer may be considering. Another way in which we communicate with our customers is through our national, network television campaign. Our successful "Improving Home Improvement"TM theme is more than an advertising tag line. "Improving Home Improvement" is a commitment we take seriously in helping our customers realize their full potential in maintaining, repairing or improving their homes. For example, our marketing programs are designed to communicate why certain products or brands are better than others in specific applications or situations. Our two most effective communications vehicles are our customers and employees. We listen to our customers. We are very tuned into their likes and dislikes. What they need and what we need to serve them better. Our consumer research and customer feedback programs are second to none in retailing. And we use them. Customer polls are conducted every day in every store, and everyone, from store management to sales associates are financially rewarded for providing superior customer service.

4

But superior customer service can only be achieved when our sales associates have both the time and knowledge to help or add value to the customer transaction. To provide our employees the time they need to serve our customers effectively, we've undertaken a series of business process improvement initiatives. Projects designed to eliminate inefficiencies, bureaucracy and time-wasting tasks. We've supplanted these misspent activities with intensive training programs, more streamlined processes, and more "face time" with our customers in the aisles. What will tomorrow's customers expect from Lowe's? They're telling us today. "Make my life easier." We're rising to the challenge with a variety of services designed to help our customers maximize the value, and optimize the enjoyment, of their homes. For product categories like flooring, kitchen cabinets and appliances, Lowe's offers quality and satisfaction-guaranteed installation by Lowe's trained and certified installers. Lowe's is answering the customer's call for unique products to individualize their homes. Special order options provide hundreds of thousands of one-of-a-kind decorating, gardening and building options. And with new technology and the collaboration of vendors, logistics, merchandising and store operations, the entire special order transaction and delivery is seamless, painless and fast for all parties involved ... from manufacturers to store personnel to customers. And stocked merchandise flows even faster and more efficiently, resulting in improved inventory productivity and higher in-stock service levels. Our distribution network -- supported by our replenishment and forecasting systems, and our regional distribution centers, specialty distribution centers and commodity reload centers -- enables us to move product quickly and cost-effectively from the manufacturer to the shelf and ultimately into the hands and homes of our customers. While factors are aligning to signal a recovery for 2002, the economic picture is still not clear. Yet, Lowe's approaches the coming year with confidence. Programs we implemented in 2001 to streamline our processes and improve customer service are already paying off and will set the tone for the next decade. Real estate plans result in building better located and more efficient stores which put our products and services within reach of homeowners in America's largest cities and towns. Alliances we've created with manufacturers are providing premium choices for consumers in addition to the good-better-best offerings already in stores. And, we're introducing the Lowe's advantage in homes across the country with marketing and advertising that is relevant to homeowners' needs. In 2001, Lowe's marked a number of significant milestones. In October, we celebrated our 40th year as a public company. We also exceeded $22 billion in sales and $1 billion in earnings for the first time in our company's history. As we enter 2002, our management team and our 110,000-plus employee-owners are committed to the continuous improvement that will deliver outstanding performance for our customers and shareholders: managing expenses, improving processes, driving sales and providing great service to our customers ... in short, Improving Home Improvement.

Robert L. Tillman
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
April 15, 2002 Wilkesboro, NC

5

