To Our Shareholders

Better is Good ­ strengthens and accelerates our entry into the western But, Best is Better. United States -- especially in a number of key metropolitan markets. At Lowe's, we continually strive for excellence -- The success that we experienced during 1998 in our stores, in our product offering and in our people. reflects our commitment to customer service and the In 1998 these efforts paid off handsomely for Lowe's and our shareholders. We topped $12 billion in positive impact of three key initiatives that were sales, an increase of 21% over enhanced this past year. These last year, while serving more than programs focused on Installed Sales, Special Order Sales and four million customers weekly. the Commercial Business We opened 76 new stores in Customer. 1998 for a year-end store count of 484 stores. We staked out new Lowe's performs extensive territory, opening our first stores research and demographic in Connecticut and New Jersey, tracking about our customers th th and their needs. We're well the 26 and 27 states where aware of trends such as the Lowe's puts customers first. aging baby-boomer population, We also had a stock split in the fast-paced families of today 1998, the tenth split in Lowe's who are struggling to balance 52-year history. When all was limited time with needed home said and done, we ended the year improvements, and a nationwide with record earnings of $482.4 housing stock that will need million, up 35% from 1997. more and more maintenance In April of 1998, we anand repairs as it ages. nounced our West Coast expanCombine all these factors, sion plans. Soon thereafter, we and you have a significant opened an office in California to Bob Tillman at Lowe's National Sales Meeting portion of the population that chart Lowe's course for success in needs home improvement but often does not have the the western U.S., where we'll open more than 100 time -- or the inclination -- to undertake those stores over the next three to four years. projects. Lowe's research shows that 41% of our On April 2, 1999 Lowe's finalized its merger with customers say it's important to them that we arrange Eagle Hardware & Garden, an integral part of our experienced or professional help on some projects. westward expansion. At the close of fiscal 1998, Eagle, We realize we have an opportunity -- almost an based in Renton, Washington, operated 36 stores in ten obligation -- to better serve this large segment of western states (see page 11). customers. Therefore, in May of 1998, we rolled out a Eagle is one of the most respected names in home comprehensive Installed Sales program, through which improvement retailing, with successful stores and more we now install more than 20 major product categories than 6,000 well-trained employees. Incorporating -- from flooring to countertops to garage doors. Eagle's employees and stores into the Lowe's family
1

often. Their work is less Customer response has cyclical, and more been overwhelming: in predictable, than that of 1998 we sold more than retail customers and four times the amount they tend to shop of installed products different hours -- early when compared to weekday mornings or 1997. late afternoons -- than About the same do-it-yourself-ers. These time, we overhauled our attributes suit our Special Order Sales stores perfectly and (SOS) program. For lead to better years, we offered this productivity per store. service to customers Brandon Rogers, an employee of Lowe's Cary, NC store, will compete in the 1999 Special Olympics (see story on page 10). He was presented with a new racing Last year, we refocused who expressed interest bike at Lowe's National Sales Meeting. Pictured are (l - r) Greg Wessling, Mike in unique products they Beeson (Brandon's coach), Brandon Rogers, Bob Tillman, Greg Rogers (Brandon's our energies on the father) and Bill Pelon. Commercial Business didn't see among the Customer, offering the brands and services they've told 40,000+ items on our shelves. Although we offered us they want. Contractor Pack savings are available for hundreds of thousands of specialty products, the those buying in bulk, and the CBC can get process at times didn't work smoothly; ordering was knowledgeable, professional assistance from Lowe's cumbersome, delivery was slow. As a result, in 1997 only Pros -- home improvement professionals who now put 23% of our customers had ever special-ordered their expertise and know-how to work for Lowe's products from Lowe's. customers. CBC's also value our "Ready to Go" fax and We invested the time and resources to redesign our phone ordering, as well as delivery within 24 hours. SOS system, to make it faster, easier, friendlier and We marketed this particular program heavily, significantly more reliable. In June, we installed Special spreading the word through trade publications, early Order kiosks in all stores 85,000 square feet and larger morning radio advertising, and special CBC breakfasts. ­ and saw dramatic results almost overnight. Customers The results have been positive: 1998 sales on our enjoy easy access to what seems like an unlimited array Lowe's Business Card were up 26%. of products -- and possibilities -- in Fashion Plumbing, We're excited about the initial success of these Electrical & Lighting, Tools, Home Decor, Outdoor Living, three programs, but we believe the best is yet to come. and more. By the end of 1998, the number of customers In addition to successfully launching these initiatives in who had special-ordered products increased by nearly 1998, we're continuing to raise customer awareness of 50% over 1997 and, for the year, our special order these services and products through ongoing marketing business was up 33% compared to an overall sales campaigns that will generate increasing sales for increase of 21%. many years. Lowe's third major initiative in 1998 centered Increasing sales is a good thing. around our integral Commercial Business Customer But Lowe's intends to do more than "good." We (CBC), those who earn their living from the products we plan to become the best at what we do -- and to get sell: remodelers, property managers, painters, there quickly. landscapers, electricians, plumbers and so forth. Already we are breaking away from the pack, Unlike many retail customers, CBC's shop as setting ourselves apart from the competition in a variety frequently as once or twice a week -- some even more
2

of ways. For instance, we're developing solid partnerships with manufacturers to provide quality products at tremendous value -- products that are available exclusively at Lowe's. Harbor BreezeTM ceiling fans and Top ChoiceTM lumber were two of the first lines. The latest, KobaltTM Tools, debuted in September 1998. KobaltTM Tools are professional-quality wrenches, ratchets, sockets and mobile storage chests manufactured in the U.S.A. by Snap-On®. Lowe's is excited to be the exclusive source for KobaltTM Tools, which, our customers say, are an unbeatable value for the price. Another Lowe's "exclusive" is a feature that's invisible to our customers, but benefits them every day. Lowe's cutting-edge distribution system provides efficient, direct product distribution to our stores, eliminating the problems and expense of overstocking while ensuring that customers get the products they want, when they want them. The investments we've made over the past several years in developing our distribution network provide a springboard as our national expansion continues. But our most important asset -- one that can't be duplicated, or matched, anywhere -- is our workforce of more than 65,000 employees. Lowe's associates have earned their reputations as some of the friendliest and most helpful in the home improvement industry. They're the ones who embrace our programs and make them meaningful to customers. They're the ones that our customers have come to trust and rely upon. Simply put, they are the best, and they're helping make Lowe's the best. At the senior management level, we've made some changes designed with the customer in mind. The newly created position of Executive Vice President of Merchandising and Marketing brings together two of the most fundamental components of our success. This integrated effort is driven by three principles -- innovation, differentiation and communication -- and is designed to globally formulate concepts and programs while allowing local execution to benefit the customer. Additionally, we have realigned our merchandising
3

organization into three separate businesses -- Building Materials, Hardlines and Home Decor. With this alignment, our service and our orientation becomes customer specific, not product specific. And finally, we have split the U.S. into two operating divisions to better manage the day-to-day operations in the field. The landscape of the industry has changed significantly over the past decade but Lowe's has remained nimble and changed as well. Our average store size has increased five-fold in the past decade, adjusting to the needs of our customers. The Home Improvement Research Institute forecasts annual industry growth of 4-5% over the next several years. Couple that prediction with the ongoing consolidation taking place in our industry and you can understand why Lowe's future is filled with opportunity. To capitalize on this opportunity, our expansion plans call for an additional 80 to 85 new stores in 1999, of which approximately 40% will be relocations of existing stores. The new markets we'll enter include Washington, D.C., Miami, FL and Los Angeles, CA - all of which are growing, dynamic areas. As we survey the areas of the country where Lowe's doesn't have a significant presence, we're positioning ourselves to realize the opportunity that lies ahead. Today, we're significantly better at meeting our customers' needs and executing our business initiatives than we were a few short years ago. And although better is good, Lowe's knows best is better. We're proud of our accomplishments, but we're not sitting still. We plan to be the best. As we enter the 21st century, we remain focused on serving the customer and improving our business. Our shareholders expect it...and our customers demand it.
Best wishes,

Robert L. Tillman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
April 23, 1999 North Wilkesboro, NC

