In fact, we made solid progress in further strengthening our business and increasing our value, both to you and to the patients and communities we serve.
To Our Shareholders: As with any period of rapid change, 2013 was a time of both inevitable challenge and remarkable opportunity in healthcare. I am pleased to report that, during the past year, LifePoint successfully faced the challenges and seized many opportunities. In fact, we made solid progress in further strengthening our business and increasing our value, both to you and to the patients and communities we serve. During the year, as the nation moved closer toward full implementation of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), we ­ like other healthcare providers and hospital operators in our shifting landscape ­ encountered now familiar headwinds. As a result of pressures on reimbursement and a soft volume environment, we increased our emphasis on cost management while maintaining quality and augmented and developed service lines that meet needs and help maintain and build market share. We made good progress against these headwinds in 2013, while laying the groundwork that we expect will lead to greater success in the years ahead. We remain a company of experienced hospital operators, executing a focused plan built around proven growth strategies, investments in our people, consistent operational excellence, and, especially, an overarching emphasis on quality. Following that plan, we continued to pursue opportunities to grow in our existing markets in 2013 and to expand our presence into new ones ­ an effort supported by Duke LifePoint Healthcare, our pioneering and highly successful partnership with Duke University Health System (Duke). We pursue those opportunities with the flexibility and liquidity enabled by one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. We have continued to perform well in the challenging task of recruiting exceptional physicians to hospitals in small, often rural communities. We took important steps last year in continuing to strengthen the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations. Our performance for 2013 produced solid revenue growth and profits. For the year, we reported revenues from continuing operations of $3.7 billion, up 8.4% from $3.4 billion for 2012. Income from continuing operations attributable to LifePoint Hospitals, Inc. stockholders was $127.8 million, or $2.68 per diluted share, for 2013. Our company ended 2013 with a market cap of $2.5 billion, up from $1.8 billion at the end of 2012, which we regard as strong validation by the marketplace of our strategy and execution. We entered 2014 with both excitement and confidence about the future of our business. Innovative Partnerships Our joint venture with Duke ­ a first-of-its-kind partnership formed in 2011 ­ has been a gamechanging strategy that is helping us advance all of our strategic priorities. In less than three years, our innovative partnership with Duke has become a recognized model for transforming the delivery of care. With the simultaneous imperatives in today's evolving healthcare marketplace to reduce costs while improving the quality and efficiency of care, the strategic value of this scalable, portable model only continues to appreciate. As the majority owner of Duke LifePoint Healthcare, we operate a growing network of affiliated community hospitals that began in North Carolina and expanded to Virginia and as far as Michigan's Upper Peninsula. While Duke is the network's clinical hub, LifePoint serves as the managing partner. Experience has demonstrated that Duke LifePoint Healthcare provides a powerful engine to help drive our company's external growth. Among community hospitals, we continue to see a keen interest in becoming part of a network that benefits from Duke's reputation for quality care and clinical expertise combined with LifePoint's community focus, operational expertise and financial resources. Duke LifePoint Healthcare has now acquired majority ownership in five hospitals, the latest being our joint venture with Wilson Medical Center in Wilson, North Carolina, which was completed in March 2014. With an active pipeline and many prospects engaged in the acquisition process, Duke LifePoint Healthcare expects to continue its growth in 2014.

We believe the expansion of Duke LifePoint Healthcare's market presence supports LifePoint's overall acquisition strategy. Following Duke LifePoint Healthcare's 2012 acquisition of Marquette General Health System in Michigan's Upper Peninsula, LifePoint added two other hospitals in the Upper Peninsula in the fourth quarter of 2013: a joint venture with Portage Health in Hancock and the acquisition of Bell Memorial Hospital in Ishpeming. In addition, LifePoint acquired a majority interest in Fauquier Health in Virginia, also in the fourth quarter of 2013, expanding our presence in the state to six hospitals, including Twin County Regional Healthcare in Galax, which was acquired by Duke LifePoint Healthcare in 2012. During 2013, we also completed the first acquisition for The Regional Health Network of Kentucky and Southern Indiana (RHN), which is LifePoint's joint

As a result of all these factors, our acquisition pipeline is strong. Our strategy remains to follow a disciplined approach to acquisitions, with more emphasis on hospitals in faster growing markets with a diversified employer base. This approach, we believe, enables us more quickly to increase our market share, the second prong of our growth strategy. Toward that goal, we continue to add or expand service lines in specialized areas such as cardiology, oncology, surgery and imaging. We also continue to augment the services and capabilities of our emergency departments, which not only meet a crucial community need, but also serve as the "front door" to every hospital and account for a significant percentage of all admissions. As we have learned over the years, this strategy creates benefits for all the parties we serve.

Our joint venture with Duke ­ a first-of-its-kind partnership formed in 2011 ­ has been a game-changing strategy that is helping us advance all of our other strategic priorities.
venture with Norton Healthcare formed in May 2012. Through RHN, we acquired Scott Memorial Hospital in Scottsburg, Indiana, and we will continue to evaluate additional opportunities. Well-Positioned for Growth As healthcare reform imposes more cost containment pressures and regulatory burdens on providers, more hospital Boards are seeking strategic partnerships. As they evaluate their options, LifePoint's model is attractive ­ and our record of success in implementing that model is well established. Building a coordinated network of care and integrating new hospitals into our network require both deep expertise and attention to small details. Time and again, our team has demonstrated the ability to translate this successful model into an operation that lives up to its rich promise for hospitals and communities. That track record in turn gives us a distinct advantage going forward. Expanding and augmenting services means that more patients can receive the care they need closer to home. When more patients receive care in their local communities, more revenue is generated to strengthen the hospital ­ an important factor for our communities as our hospitals are a focal point of the local economy and among the largest employers in our service areas. Physicians, too, drive hospital utilization, and we continue our successful efforts to recruit and retain excellent physicians as part of our strategy to fuel organic growth. In addition, we have bolstered in a number of ways our efforts to engage with our physicians, both at the individual hospital level and as a company. As a noteworthy example, during 2013, we appointed a National Physician Advisory Board with a cross section of physician leaders from our hospitals to provide strategic guidance on physician engagement, enhanced clinical quality, and integrated healthcare delivery. Also, as a growing percentage of the physicians at our hospitals are

LifePoint employees, we are working to strengthen our physician practice management operations and expand our resources to serve them. Continued Emphasis on Quality Traditionally, our patients are also our neighbors ­ individuals and families we know by name. Perhaps that is one reason why, for us, the quality of our services has always been a source of pride. It is an ethic that is embedded in our company culture and transmitted from our staff ­ one member to another. That ethic is serving us especially well in today's marketplace. In fact, with Medicare reimbursement tied to patient outcomes and performance measures, quality has become even more of a bottom-line imperative. In all of our hospitals, quality and service are topmost priorities. Our patient service and satisfaction scores continue to improve. As a result of a program we launched last year, 24 of our hospitals will receive a "Chest Pain Center of Excellence" designation in 2014. Significantly, we also were chosen by the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) in 2011 as a Hospital Engagement Network (HEN) contractor to evaluate ways to reduce both hospital readmissions within 30 days of discharge and the number of conditions, such as infections, that patients acquire while hospitalized. We continue our work today to not only implement those best practices within our hospitals, but we expect to help other rural hospitals implement them as well. We are particularly proud that LifePoint is the only investorowned company among the 26 recipients of these HEN grants. We believe that the award from HHS ­ along with the involvement of Duke as our partner and subcontractor in the HEN ­ strongly affirms our efforts to enhance quality and our philosophy that profit and the highest standards of care are mutually compatible goals. Capitalizing on Health Reform We expect the ACA will drive our growth even further. In preparation for the launch of the health insurance exchanges and the expansion of Medicaid in some states under the ACA, we conducted detailed analyses of the impact of the new law in all of our markets. We also prospectively conduct such an analysis in markets where we are considering an acquisition. Based on our analysis and our

experience so far, we predict that the net impact of the ACA will be positive for our company. As a result of the new law, more Americans will have medical coverage, which we expect will translate into greater utilization of hospital services. Meanwhile, at year-end 2013, seven of the states in which we operate had expanded their Medicaid programs, which we anticipate will reduce the amount of uncompensated care provided by our hospitals in those states. During 2013, we laid the groundwork for capitalizing on the opportunities we believe the ACA will create. In the states in which we operate, we are participating in an exchange product in all of our markets at near commercial rates for almost all the exchange plans. In addition, we have developed strategies to maximize enrollment on the exchanges. We have conducted educational outreach in our communities, including informational mailers to selfpay patients. Meanwhile, we trained 280 employees from all of our hospitals to assist with enrollment. These employees became certified application counselors to help people understand their options and enroll efficiently. Developing our Talent In a rapidly evolving healthcare environment, one critical constant remains: the imperative to recruit and retain exceptional people. Shortages of physicians in many specialties have heightened what was already a serious challenge for community hospitals. Against this backdrop, our historic success in attracting physicians has been especially important. Beyond physician recruitment, we work hard to attract and develop exceptional people at all levels of our organization. An example of our success can be seen in the promotion of Leif Murphy to Chief Financial Officer. Leif brings to his new role more than two decades of experience in healthcare, business development and finance. As a member of our senior management team, he has played a leading role in managing and overseeing our growth and development strategy. As CFO, Leif will continue to provide the continuity of expertise and leadership that we believe has been an important contributor to our success. Reputation for Operations Excellence We continue to build on our reputation for operations excellence.

Our track record in operations is a key ingredient in our attractiveness to local hospital boards seeking a strategic partner. It also is a key reason why our operating margins have ranked among the highest in our industry. During 2013, we continued our vigorous, ongoing efforts to improve the efficiency of our care in ways that also make it more effective. For example, last year we increased the pace at which we added new hospitals to the shared services program we launched in 2012. Through this innovative program

The pressures that we ­ and every other hospital operator ­ faced in 2013 will not disappear anytime soon. But challenges also bring opportunities to those prepared to meet them. We remain prepared with a focused, proven strategy that is enabling LifePoint and its growing network of hospitals to meet the marketplace's demand for toplevel quality and bottom-line efficiency. We remain strongly positioned as the sole provider in the majority of our markets.

We remain prepared with a depth of experience in operating hospitals that is one of our greatest advantages.
we provide centralized support for our hospitals in the areas of payroll, supply procurement, supply chain management, accounts payable, and revenue cycle services. We expect to complete this transition within the first half of 2014. We also continued to take advantage of financial incentives to implement electronic health records (EHR). In 2013, our efforts to meet federal meaningful use criteria resulted in $64.1 million in payments from the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services to our company. Because they improve the flow of information within our hospitals and between hospitals and the physicians who practice there, EHRs are a prime example of improvements in efficiency that also can facilitate better patient care. To us, investing in operational improvements also means a commitment to having state-of-the-art facilities, making our hospitals places where people choose to come for care, where physicians want to practice and where employees want to work. Those investments include facilities that are attractive, designed to optimize flow and efficiency and equipped with the advanced technology needed to effectively serve patients. We remain ready with a strong balance sheet and the capital to make the investments that will further solidify our position. We remain prepared with a depth of experience in operating hospitals that is one of our greatest advantages. We remain equipped with employees at all levels who are committed to providing high quality, costeffective healthcare in all our communities and to being a strong community resource. And, we remain excited about LifePoint's ability and potential to capitalize on what we see as abundant opportunities. Sincerely,

William F. Carpenter III Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

