  [2] LifePoint Hospitals
To our shareholders:
As I approach the end of my first year as Chief Executive Officer of our company, I remain deeply grateful to Scott Mercy, Jim Fleetwood and Ken Donahey for their efforts in laying the strong foundation for our long-term growth. As I have had opportunities to spend more time at our hospitals around the country, I also have become more appreciative than
ever of the leadership shown by LifePoint’s 21,000 employees. Their dedication and professionalism are truly inspiring. They serve more than a company; they are serving their neighbors. This uncommon alignment of interests has always been one of LifePoint’s special strengths. It reflects a continuity
of community values that is at the center of our business.
Throughout our organization, we remain steadfastly committed to the principle that making communities healthier is the pathway to making LifePoint even stronger and more successful. We follow that path by focusing first on five interconnected values: delivering compassionate, high quality patient care; supporting
WILLIAM F. CARPENTER III, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
physicians; creating excellent workplaces for our employees; providing value to the communities we serve; and ensuring fiscal responsibility. Succeeding in today’s healthcare environment — with its evolving technologies, regulations and reimbursement trends — demands from companies like ours a strategic nimbleness. But we also believe that success, as variously measured by all of our stakeholders, occurs only as we chart our course using the compass of our core principles. I am pleased to report to you that the continuity provided by our adherence to these principles, and by our drive to build healthier communities, led to a very successful 2006 for LifePoint.
Some companies just operate in communities. LifePoint is part
of them. Our business is distinctive, to put it mildly. Like other publicly traded companies, we have a financial responsibility to our shareholders. At the same time, we have nothing less than a moral responsibility to our communities to provide the appropriate treatment for all patients regardless of their ability to pay.
In 2006, our total cost of charity/ uncompensated care was $117.7 million. In 47 of the 50 communities we currently serve, our facilities are the sole providers of hospital care. But we are a lifeline in more ways than one. Along with looking after the physical well-being of the residents of our communities, we are important to their economic vitality. In many of our markets, the hospital is one of the community’s largest employers. In fact, salaries, wages and benefits in 2006 totaled $962.8 million in our communities. In addition, the success of our hospitals is integral to communities’ ability to recruit and retain other industries. In a less tangible but no less important way, hospitals become part of a community’s sense of itself. They are not just places where people go for medical care. They often function as focal points for community meetings and activities. They are repositories of memory and experience, places where families may record the whole arc of a life’s journey. When a small-town hospital closes, the community suffers a blow that cannot be measured in dollars and jobs alone.

 Throughout our organization,
we remain steadfastly committed to the principle that
making communities healthier is the pathway
to making LifePoint even stronger and more successful.
We have always understood the unique challenges and unique rewards that come with the niche we have chosen. We know from experience that our strategy of strengthening hospitals creates a powerfully positive feedback loop. Healthier hospitals make for healthier communities. Healthier communities make for healthier hospitals that can grow in a variety of ways to meet the expanding needs of a growing, more vibrant community. Healthier hospitals and communities in turn create wins not only for payors, shareholders, and the overall healthcare system, but also for taxpayers. During 2006, LifePoint contributed $139.0 million in total taxes to its communities, including county and city property taxes as well as local and state sales taxes.
The staffs in our hospitals are not merely employees of a company. They are members of the community. Many have lived their entire lives there. Their jobs do not involve merely serving customers. Rather, they are providing care for their neighbors, sometimes in the hours of a family’s greatest need.
Likewise, people in the community perceive that they have a stake in our hospital’s success. Frequently, the hospital began as a community- owned, not-for-profit institution. Not surprisingly, people still feel that sense of civic ownership.
Given the nature of our work, the history of our hospitals, and the many community ties that bind our personnel to the people we serve, it is inevitable that our hospitals would be interwoven into the fabric of the places we call home. But it is also true that, as a company, we continually strive to make those bonds even stronger and more seamless. From volunteering hundreds of hours of their time each year in Lake Havasu City, Arizona; to serving up kolaches (a fruit-filled Czech pastry) at the hospital- sponsored health fair in Ennis, Texas; to taking part in the annual Crawfish Festival in Opelousas, Louisiana, LifePoint people are purposefully, actively engaged in the life of their communities. It’s hard to put a value on how important this commitment is to the communities, but we can put a
number on it – LifePoint employees collectively contributed 97,000 hours throughout 2006 to making their communities better!
We are even more integrally
involved in ways that directly impact the health of these communities — and, by extension, our own health as a company. When we recruit physicians, for example, we involve community leaders to help ensure we find the right fit — a doctor who will bond with and remain in the community, not merely fill a slot for a year or two. In both formal and informal ways, we also consult with community leaders to gain their perspectives and insight into the hospital’s strengths, needs and opportunities. In my own travels to communities in the past year, I have seen first-hand the value to all parties of this ongoing dialogue. It reflects our philosophy and what has become a reality for our hospitals: We are not only a provider to the community but a partner in its well-being.
Succeeding in a challenging, constantly evolving healthcare environment demands a corresponding
2006 Annual Report [3]

 ability to evolve and adapt strategically. In the past year, we have responded to this challenge with particular focus on physician recruitment
and retention and on revenue enhancement for our hospitals.
We keep the lifeblood flowing.
Just as hospitals are integral to the life of their communities, physicians are the lifeblood of hospitals. Doctors admit patients. Doctors prescribe medications and order tests. Doctors perform surgical procedures. Almost everything that happens in a hospital hinges on the orders of doctors. Moreover, without physicians in the community who represent a broad range of medical specialties, patients must seek care elsewhere — causing revenues that could sustain the hospital and pave the way for even better services to
flow out of the community. New physicians not only strengthen the hospital, they invigorate the community as homeowners, consumers, taxpayers, members of community institutions and participants in community activities. Traditionally, recruiting and retaining physicians have proven difficult for many smaller hospitals away from urban settings. Some doctors are interested only in practicing medicine in large facilities in large cities. To identify and attract those physicians who are drawn to the opportunity to live, work and raise their families in a smaller community requires reach and resources that many rural hospitals simply do not possess.
By bridging that gap consistently, LifePoint has strengthened the health of the communities we serve.
We are continually recruiting physicians in all specialties from all parts of the country to meet the needs of our communities. Working with LifePoint is attractive to physicians, who recognize that our size and geographic diversity means that we are more likely to be able to match them to the hospital and community that fits their own wants and needs. Given the current dynamics of our industry, recruiting, retaining and collaborating with physicians are more important than ever before. In fact, we believe that success in these efforts will be the most critical contributor to LifePoint’s top-line growth. Consequently, in the past year, we redoubled our already strong efforts to augment our communities with new physician specialists — and to retain the outstanding doctors we
In 2006, 135 hospital employees (wearing burgundy ball caps to identify them as Havasu Regional Medical Center employees) participated in the walk.
 [4] LifePoint Hospitals
  
 “This annual walk is a very important event in our community.
truly amazing
It is
the entire town, which promotes breast cancer awareness by participating in this event, and the medical community, which has long supported increased breast cancer awareness and preventative care measures. This event really
represents the heart and soulof Lake Havasu City!”
Sheena Benson
Public Relations Spokesperson Havasu Regional Medical Center
to see the combined efforts of
As a result of the walk, the Susan G. Komen foundation received donations of over $5,000 in 2006. Havasu Regional Medical Center employees donated a total of 940 hours to support the walk and related breast cancer services.
 Havasu City Breast Cancer Awareness Walk
Havasu Regional Medical Center has supported the community’s Annual Breast Cancer Awareness Walk for the past several years. The mammography department participates with the local Community Health Foundation to provide low cost mammogram screenings every year. In addition, all mammography patients receive free gifts during October, which is Breast Cancer Awareness month.
2006 Annual Report [5]
 
 “It’s all about bringing people
together,
outside the workplace,
as a community of friends as well as co-workers. ”
James Bienvenu Chairman of the Board Doctors’ Hospital of Opelousas
  [6] LifePoint Hospitals
Opelousas Crawfish Festival
For the past 25 years, it has been a tradition of Doctors’ Hospital of Opelousas to bring together all the people that make their hospital so successful and so special for a community celebration. The large Yambilee building turns into a melting pot of medical staff, hospital Board members and hospital employees along with their spouses all “passing around the good times.”
 
 already have. We have added new corporate staff to help us more aggressively identify physician candidates, mentor our recruiters in the field, monitor our progress as a company, expedite the processing of recruitment contracts and help physicians start up their practices in the community. To help our hospital CEOs apply best practices, we conducted special recruitment and retention workshops involving physician recruiters. Where appropriate, we also have been willing to employ physicians
directly as an alternative to the traditional recruitment model. Today, approximately 220 practitioners work in our facilities as hospital employees.
Our efforts have paid off for our company and our communities.
For 2006, we met our goal with the recruitment of 182 new admitting physicians to our hospitals. In many cases, these new physicians also meant the addition of new specialties for the hospital, enabling our neighbors to receive these services within the community instead of traveling to larger,
more distant facilities. Just as important as recruitment, we
achieved a retention rate of 96.7% – a 3.2% increase over the prior
year that translates into 55 to 60 admitting physicians for whom we do not need to find replacements. At the same time, we are working continuously to enhance the flow of communication with our medical staffs and deepen both the cooperation and trust between hospitals and physicians. We also continue to explore strategic partnerships with physicians in our communities. Such efforts, which we will pursue selectively, align incentives and offer the potential
to create win/win situations. We recognize that physicians, like patients, are our customers, and, as an organization, we intend to remain persistent at every level in responding accordingly.
An emphasis on organic growth.
In 2005, we laid the foundation for future growth with the acquisition of 22 hospitals that were part of Province Healthcare Company. Integrating another organization into one’s own — operationally, systemically and culturally —
is almost always an imposing challenge. I am pleased to report to you that LifePoint has met this
By bringing together good food, good music and good people, you get the perfect result of great memories and a feeling of camaraderie among everyone.
 Crawfish boils aren’t just about eating crawfish. To get the full experience, you must witness the whole process of purging (washing), cooking, smelling – and THEN eating the crawfish. There are no white coats, no three-piece suits and no scrubs. You just put on your jeans, grab your favorite cold drink and a platter of crawfish and take a seat.
 2006 Annual Report [7]
    
 During this year’s first annual Business & Industry Health Fair, Lynda Thurlo, from Ennis Regional Medical Center’s Radiology Department, performed free ultrasound screenings for carotid artery disease.
Of the 350 people screened, 24% were found to have significant enough blockages to warrant follow-up with their physicians. If not for the Health Fair, these people may not have sought help in time.
 [8] LifePoint Hospitals
challenge with great success. During 2006, we made excellent progress. In fact, after more than a year of working together, we can truly say that we are one company. For us, the past year was one of consolidation rather than external growth. While
we plan to be disciplined acquirers in the future, we will also continue to pursue growth within our existing markets.
Toward that end, along with bringing new physicians to our communities, we are investing in new equipment and new services
for our hospitals. During 2006, LifePoint Hospitals spent $137.6 million in expansion capital. At a number of our facilities, for example, we installed 64-slice or 16-slice CT
scanners that improve the ability of physicians to diagnose and treat a whole range of medical conditions. We also are working to increase the potential for more noninvasive cardiology services. Carefully selected capital investments and additions of specialty services such as these enable more patients to receive sophisticated services without leaving town. As a result, they and their families benefit from greater convenience. The hospital benefits from reduced patient outmigration and increased revenues that can help fund continued service and technology improvements. The whole community benefits from dollars that remain in the local economy instead of migrating to large cities. In all of these ways, the community becomes healthier.
Meanwhile, we continue to improve the quality of our patient care and the mitigation of risk. We are focused on maintaining a responsive, customer service orientation that extends to patients, family members and physicians alike. We continue to emphasize fiscal responsibility to our shareholders through improved operational efficiency and prudent management.
We are excited about our future.
We are part of an industry that continues to grow. Healthcare spending now accounts for more than 15% of our nation’s gross national product. This figure will continue to rise as the population ages and successive waves of new technology come on line. We are
   
Ennis County Health Fair During 2006, Ennis Regional Medical Center sponsored the first Business & Industry Health Fair ever held in Ennis, Texas. During the first six hours, 520 local people attended the fair, represented by 26 area industries ranging from the school district to the City to the manufacturing and distribution centers. HR managers, general managers as well as employees took advantage of the free health screenings given by the 30 hospital staff volunteers. Benefits of the health fair included the identification of undiagnosed cases of diabetes, high blood pressure and elevated cholesterol, as well as helping children be less afraid when they or a loved one are in a position to need hospital services. The event was so successful that plans are already underway not only to make this an annual event, but to host two such health fairs each year.
  “I am proud of our employees for their willingness to volunteer their time and
service to our community. It is going to be exciting to see this event grow from year to year. As we see an increase in attendance each year, we will also see an increase in our opportunity
to reach more and more people and identify and treat conditions that, treated,
may save their lives.”
Dan McLean
Chief Executive Officer
Ennis Regional Medical Center
talents in
The staff from the office of Dr. Basem Jassin, Ennis Regional Medical Center’s ENT physician, discusses problems and answers questions from individuals attending the Health Fair about ear, nose and throat health.
2006 Annual Report [9]
 
 Participants of the annual Senior Friends Health and Fitness Day have found out first-hand that life after 50 can truly be the golden years, thanks in part to Lake Cumberland Regional Hospital’s efforts to help senior citizens stay active and healthy.
“I look forward every year to activities such as the Senior Friends Health and Fitness Day sponsored by Lake Cumberland Regional Hospital. The entire hospital staff, from the love and dedication they show for each newborn baby to the care and compassion they provide to senior citizens, truly represents
a lifetime of caring.”
Gene Palmer (center) Resident and Senior Friends member Somerset, Kentucky
 [10] LifePoint Hospitals
Lake Cumberland Senior Friends
Health and Fitness Day
Promoting healthy, active lifestyles for area seniors, the Senior Friends Health and Fitness Day is sponsored each year by Lake Cumberland Regional Hospital and the Lake Cumberland Chapter of Senior Friends. The 2006 event, which was attended by more than 300 area seniors, began with warm up exercises, followed by a health fair with free health screenings and important health information as well as information about other services helpful for seniors. Activities included a 1-mile walk and all kinds of fun carnival games – basketball shoot, toss across, putting green, ring toss, etc. – and even dance and hula-hoop contests. Lunch, special entertainment and prizes rounded out the day.
 
 positioned in the segment of the acute-care hospital industry that offers the best opportunities for long-term growth. We are geographically located in the areas of the country that are experiencing the most dynamic population growth. Medicare has lessened the long-standing imbalance in its payment formula that favors large, urban hospitals. Rural facilities
are now projected to receive an additional $18.0 billion in reimbursements through 2014.
This should help because, during 2006, LifePoint’s Medicare costs in excess of reimbursement totaled $72.0 million while Medicaid costs in excess of reimbursement totaled $26.8 million. Doubtless, there may be other changes in the industry that do not work to our advantage. That is the nature of our continually evolving field. But we have well demonstrated our capacity as a company to adapt and prosper amidst change.
For all its complexity, at its heart, our business remains relatively simple. So with renewed energy, we
are focusing more than ever on the fundamentals of our business, the five points on which LifePoint was built: quality care for our patients; support for our physicians; excellent workplaces for our employees; value for our communities; and fiscal responsibility for our shareholders. These interconnected principles have always been our foundation, and always will be, for making hospitals better, making our company stronger and, very importantly, making our communities healthier.
Thank you for your investment and your support.
William F. Carpenter III President and Chief Executive
Joann Epperson and Susan Ramsey Wilson (Director of Community Relations), both of Lake Cumberland Regional Hospital, are representative of the caring staff members at the hospital who devote many hours to making hospital-sponsored events like the Senior Friends Health and Fitness Day a success.
 Officer
Taking care of the needs of seniors covers a full spectrum of services, from consultation and one-on-one meetings to discussing health issues, both physical and emotional, to promoting an active lifestyle that includes a healthy diet and exercise, such as Lorene Sears is enjoying in her “sittercise” class held at the 2006 Senior Friends Health and Fitness Day.
 2006 Annual Report [11]
    