To Our Shareholders:
2010 was a strong year for LifePoint Hospitals. We successfully executed our strategy to drive growth through recruiting needed physicians and investing in facilities, entering new markets through selective acquisitions, delivering consistent high quality care in the most cost-efficient way and developing exceptional, high performing talent within our organization.
We are proud of the solid financial results we delivered in spite of the economic recession and ongoing challenges that community hospitals typically face, which is a testament to how effectively the LifePoint team maintained its strategic focus. In 2010, revenues from continuing operations increased to $3.3 billion, up 10% over the previous year. Income from continuing operations attributable to LifePoint Hospitals, Inc. rose to $155.6 million, or $2.91 per diluted share, an increase of 12% from 2009. We operate in an environment that presents both challenges and opportunities. The economic recession, which led to higher unemployment across the nation, had a dampening effect on patient volumes. At the same time, as a result of health reform, we expect to see an increase in patient volume and a reduction in the number of uninsured patients who self-pay. Overall, our adjusted admissions (measuring both inpatient and outpatient volume) were strong in 2010. More importantly, we believe that well funded, well managed, innovative and integrated health care systems, like LifePoint, will be best positioned to thrive in the new era of healthcare. Driving Organic Growth One of the main tenets of our strategy over the last several years has been to grow organically and increase our market share in each of our communities. As the sole provider in most of our communities, our goal is to offer the highest quality care so that patients elect to obtain their care locally, instead of traveling to more distant urban facilities. To meet that goal, we must offer a broad array of healthcare services and achieve a high rate of satisfaction among both patients and physicians. In 2010, we took major steps to improve our core measures, ED satisfaction and other quality indicators. Physicians are a hospital's lifeblood, especially in the communities we serve. As a result, physician recruitment has always been an essential piece of our strategy to grow and increase market share. We have always followed a rigorous, nationwide approach, not only to find physicians, but to ensure that we find the right physicians for our communities ­ doctors who are the right fit and who practice the medical specialties that will help us maintain or improve our services in each hospital. In addition, in a number of our larger hospitals, we now have in place a Chief Medical Officer to further strengthen physician relations. The success of these efforts is made evident by our 95% physician retention rate. Strong retention, in turn, makes it easier for us to reach our company-wide goal of increasing the net number of physicians in our markets by 5% each year. For the past three years, including 2010, we have met or surpassed that goal.
Revenue
2010 2009 2008 2007 2006
(in millions)

"Our relationship with our communities, our patients and our staff goes beyond owning hospitals and managing employees. In 52 communities from Wyoming toVirginia, our staff and our patients are also our neighbors. " Bill Carpenter
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

$3,262.4 $2,962.7 $2,700.8 $2,568.4 $2,336.5

Income from Continuing Operations Attributable to LifePoint Hospitals, Inc. (in millions)
2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 $155.6 $139.2 $126.7 $120.1 $141.5

Diluted Income from Continuing Operations Per Share Attributable to LifePoint Hospitals, Inc.
2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 $2.91 $2.59 $2.47 $2.09 $2.51

GrowingThrough Acquisitions Our industry continues to face the challenge of increasing admissions while high unemployment rates persist. We are living in a time of dynamic change as health reform takes shape, and we are taking steps to mitigate the effects of the economic environment and to prepare for the future. In that regard, relationships we are building at a local and regional level are important elements for success. Selective acquisitions have always been a key element of our long-term strategy. In 2010, we added five hospitals to the LifePoint family through two acquisitions. In fact, in the last 18 months, we have added more than $300 million in annual revenues, including the acquisition of Rockdale Medical Center in 2009. In May 2010, we completed the acquisition of Clark Regional Medical Center in Winchester, Kentucky, where we committed to build a new, state-of-the-art replacement facility. In September 2010, we acquired Sumner Regional Health Systems, which includes a 155-bed hospital and three smaller facilities. The four hospital system, which we renamed HighPoint Health System, serves 11 counties in the northern Middle Tennessee region. These acquisitions were also notable because they reflect our focus on markets that are faster growing and slightly larger than our traditional markets, such as 138-bed Rockdale Medical Center, outside of Atlanta, Georgia. Clark Regional Medical Center and Sumner Regional Medical Center (part of HighPoint Health System) are close to larger cities (Lexington, Kentucky, and Nashville,Tennessee, respectively). We will continue to look for opportunities in faster growing markets, which we believe offer excellent potential for us to increase the community hospital's market share. Importantly, our strong balance sheet and low leverage give us the financial flexibility to pursue our acquisition strategy without delaying or reducing targeted investments to improve our existing hospitals. The acquisition environment is opportunity rich, and we are well-positioned to capitalize on transactions that meet our criteria. We will stay disciplined and strategic in our approach as we continue to aggressively seek to acquire hospitals in areas with faster population growth, a diversified employment base and a favorable payor mix. Strategic Partnerships We believe that we have just begun to tap the potential we see in strategic relationships to further drive growth. In January 2011, we announced a joint venture with Duke University Health System, one of the preeminent academic medical centers in the country. This joint venture is an exciting new undertaking for us and one that we think has tremendous potential to add value. It underscores our commitment to quality care and the innovative opportunities that our strong operational foundation makes possible.

We are confident that with Duke University Health System, we will strengthen and improve healthcare delivery throughout North Carolina and the surrounding regions by creating flexible affiliation options for community hospitals. The unique joint venture, named DLP Healthcare, LLC (Duke/LifePoint), combines LifePoint's extensive operational resources and experience in successfully managing communitybased hospitals with Duke's renowned expertise and leadership in the development of clinical services and quality systems. We have an exciting opportunity to build a hospital system that will transform healthcare in this region. Duke/LifePoint is one of the first joint ventures between an academic health system and a hospital operations company formed for the purpose of developing affiliations with community-based hospitals. Its mission is to own and operate a system of highly functioning community hospitals. It will provide local hospitals with extensive clinical and operational support, quality measurement tools and resources to effectively grow and expand services to better serve their communities. LifePoint will provide the partnership with a range of financial and operational resources, including access to capital for ongoing investments in new technology and facility renovations. Duke will offer guidance in clinical service development and support for enhancing quality systems as well as access to highly specialized medical services to help meet communities' needs. The Duke/LifePoint joint venture also will have the ability to share best practices with hospitals, clinics and healthcare providers throughout the Duke and LifePoint systems. LifePoint entered into another strategic partnership recently through its investment with two other hospital companies and two major non-profit hospital systems in the Heritage Healthcare Innovation Fund, located in Nashville,Tennessee. The Fund will invest in businesses that deliver improved quality, service and efficiency to healthcare systems. We expect that health reform will generate many opportunities and new strategies that the fund would view as attractive investment considerations. Ultimately, LifePoint and the other investors should benefit from this unique undertaking as the healthcare industry continues to evolve. Achieving Consistent High Quality Care We have always been focused on delivering high quality and cost efficient care. With that goal in mind, we have introduced various initiatives designed to incorporate proven best practices throughout our state-of-the-art system. Expert operational assessment teams at our home office work closely and effectively with our hospitals throughout the country. Under the leadership of Dr. Lanny Copeland, our Chief Medical Officer, we are using technology to improve clinical

"Physicians are a hospital's lifeblood, especially in the communities we serve."
We strive to make every LifePoint hospital a place where physicians want to practice. We offer unique and rewarding opportunities for physicians to practice medicine in great communities across the country. We are committed to providing physicians with environments where they can enjoy a high quality of practice and quality of life. We offer physicians the chance to make a real difference in people's lives and provide personal and compassionate patient care, supported by state-of-the-art technology, modern facilities and caring staff.

documentation and reduce variation in practice patterns across our company. This not only improves patient care, but it also saves money. Thanks to these and other efforts, we have achieved best-in-class margins ­ and will continue working to improve them. We also continue to enhance selected service lines, especially inpatient and outpatient surgery and cardiology services. Over the past two years, we have recruited a net of 25 new cardiologists and invested more than $30 million in expanding our cardiac cath labs. Where we've applied resources, we are getting results. These investments have increased market share for our cardiac service lines ­ cardiac catheterization procedures are up more than 18% over 2009. At the same time, given that emergency room visits account for approximately 60% of our hospital admissions, we have worked hard to strengthen our emergency departments. We are improving charge and coding accuracy, which directly impacts reimbursement collection, and leveraging our technology platform to improve results from clinicians in our emergency departments. In addition, we are working to reduce wait times and to ensure proper placement of patients through better case management. We are pleased that these improvements are increasing patient and physician satisfaction and enhancing the overall performance of our hospitals. Building from Within For any company that seeks to achieve long-term growth, the development of high-performing,"homegrown" individuals for leadership is a strategic imperative. Accordingly, we are investing in our people to cultivate leaders at every level, from managers who move up to corporate level positions, to the leaders of our regional divisions, to CEOs who build the skills to oversee larger hospitals in our system, to those who can grow into CEOs at our hospitals. I could not be more proud of the people who make up LifePoint today. It is because of their leadership, abilities and commitment that we expect a bright future for our company. In keeping with our philosophy, we were pleased to announce in January 2011 that David Dill was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer. Having served as COO and CFO, David has a unique grasp of all aspects of our business. David has been instrumental in developing and implementing our strategic plan, improving the quality of care across our hospitals, recruiting the right physicians to communities where they are needed, and improving and strengthening our service lines. This was a well-deserved promotion that will benefit our company for years to come.

This is my first letter to you in my new capacity as both Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Effective December 15, 2010, Bob Shell, who previously served as nonexecutive Chairman of the Board, assumed the role of Lead Director. I look forward to continuing to work with Bob and the entire Board to grow this great company and provide critically important services to the patients in our hospitals across the country. A Strong Position in a Changing Environment The outcome of health reform is still evolving, and it is our job to ensure that we are well positioned to take advantage of the change as it happens. We are veteran hospital operators, executing a focused plan, with a strong balance sheet that gives us the flexibility to fund our growth through acquisitions and investments in new services, technologies, facilities and physicians. We like how we are positioned in our markets and look forward to continuing to fulfill our mission of Making Communities Healthier by providing quality healthcare close to home. Our relationship with our communities, our patients and our staff goes beyond owning hospitals and managing employees. In 52 communities from Wyoming toVirginia, our staff and our patients are also our neighbors. We believe that what we do has lasting value, and we remain profoundly grateful for your support. As we look ahead, we are confident in our continued ability to grow and deliver enhanced value for shareholders. Sincerely,

William F. Carpenter III Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

