D E A R F E L LOW S H A R E H O L D E R S :
It is with a great sense of pride that I communicate with you in my first letter to our shareholders. I am honored to be in this position and to have the chance to work with such a great group of dedicated professionals. Our hospitals are a focal point in the communities we serve. We work hard every day to build on the foundation that has been laid in each of our 23 communities. And, we look forward to continuing to
Kenneth C. Donahey Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

expand the scope of services that we provide. We are proud of the accomplishments that we made during 2001, and we are excited about the opportunities that we have in the future. Thanks to each of you for your encouragement and support for the important work that we are doing. L I F E P O I N T H O S P I TA L S E M P L O Y E E S S H OW T H E I R P AT R I O T I S M None of us will ever forget the tragic events of September 11, 2001. LifePoint Hospitals is extremely proud to honor several of our employees who helped serve the victims of the attack on America. Dr. Kay Fellows, a pathologist at Putnam Community Medical Center in Palatka, Florida, received a call asking for her assistance the day after the attacks. She spent two weeks in New York helping forensic pathologists identify victims. fatalities. In Pulaski, Tennessee, Chris Griffis was called to ground zero from her position as Director of ER and ICU at Hillside Hospital. Colonel Griffis is a member of the US Army. During her week-long stay at ground zero, she assisted with triage efforts. Cathy LaCour, Behavorial Health Unit Coordinator at Lake Cumberland Regional Hospital in Somerset, Kentucky, was also called to identify victims. As a social worker and 10-year veteran of the FEMA KY-1 Disaster Medical Assistance Team (DMAT), she spent nine days in New York with other DMAT crews and members of the Public Health Service. One other employee who deserves recognition is J.R. Redlitz of Putnam Community Medical Center in Palatka, Florida. Although he was not officially called to help at ground zero, J.R. answered a call from his heart and drove non-stop from Palatka to New York on the afternoon of September 11. Upon arrival, he made his way to Bellevue Hospital, identified himself as a physical therapist, and asked for orders. Due to his background in psychology, his assignment was to counsel family members of victims. These individuals exemplify the spirit upon which LifePoint Hospitals was founded, and they demonstrate the level of commitment and caring that makes us proud to be their colleagues. She is a member of the Disaster Mortuary Operational Response Team (DMORT), a federal response team that provides mortuary assistance in cases of mass

2 2001 Annual Report

L I F E P O I N T H O S P I TA L S , I N C .

Our hearts are still with the victims and their families in New York, Washington, and across this great nation. C O R E VA L U E S All of us who work at LifePoint Hospitals take great pride in what we do. It is extremely rewarding to be delivering vital services in communities throughout the United States. Saving lives, sustaining lives and improving the quality of life is indeed a very worthwhile undertaking for all of us. We all feel truly fortunate to be able to provide these services in our communities in a time of growing national demand for quality healthcare. We are dedicated to the premise that caring for patients in a considerate and cost-effective manner is advantageous to society, economically sensible and an appropriate and satisfying objective for our company and its employees. We are committed to increasing the scope of our services by actively recruiting physicians and spending our capital on the most advanced equipment in the medical industry. The five principles that have sustained us since our formation in 1999 continue to be, and will always be, appropriate. Those values are:  Offering high quality, cost-effective healthcare in the communities we serve.  Providing our employees with an environment based first on respect, encouraging the personal and professional growth of each individual.  Being a strong community resource.  Supporting physicians' medical practices through innovative facilities, advanced technology, and a well-trained, organized clinical staff.  Being fiscally responsible, committed to ensuring that we meet the capital needs of our hospitals and the expectations of our stakeholders. F I N A N C I A L R E S U LT S LifePoint Hospitals continued its outstanding financial performance in 2001 as a result of our focus on the basics of community hospital operations. By positioning our hospitals appropriately in their respective markets, equivalent admissions increased 7.8%. Other
Jackson Purchase Medical Center, Mayfield, KY

indications of our success in 2001 are

L I F E P O I N T H O S P I T A L S , I N C . 2001 Annual Report 3

shown by continued improvements in key utilization statistics, including surgeries, emergency room visits, and outpatient visits. These indicators reflect the success of our hospitals in meeting the needs of their communities. During 2001, annual revenue rose 11.2% over the prior year, operating cash flow (EBITDA) increased by 24.2% and
Bartow Memorial Hospital, Bartow, FL

earnings per share increased 66.7%. With the strong cash flow from operations, we invested $35.8 million back into our facilities and improved our debt coverage to 1.1x in 2001 from 2.7x in 2000. However, we are most proud of our ability to provide quality healthcare in the communities we serve. Our success is attributable to the efforts of the leadership in each of LifePoint Hospitals' facilities and of our dedicated employees and their families. We realize that investor confidence depends on the public's trust in corporate financial reporting. Our financial condition is sound. We have an excellent balance sheet with cash and cash equivalents of $57.2 million at year end. In fact, we have been able to finance the two acquisitions we completed in 2001 from cash flow, demonstrating our fiscal discipline. We believe that we are very well positioned to take advantage of the opportunities presented us in the marketplace. DEVELOPMENT The Company acquired Athens Regional Medical Center, located in Athens, Tennessee, and Ville Platte Medical Center in Ville Platte, Louisiana, in the fourth quarter of 2001. Ville Platte Medical Center is a 116-bed, acute care facility that serves Evangeline Parish and South Central Louisiana. Athens Regional Medical Center is a 118-bed, acute care facility that serves the non-urban population between Chattanooga and Knoxville, Tennessee. Both facilities provide a wide range of services including emergency room services, pulmonary care, cardiology and obstetrics. In addition, both are accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations. We will continue to develop our company by increasing services in our existing facilities and by acquiring hospitals that complement our vision and our culture in nonurban markets.

4 2001 Annual Report

L I F E P O I N T H O S P I TA L S , I N C .

OUTLOOK LifePoint Hospitals is in a wonderful position. We have dedicated, highly motivated individuals serving the public in a very meaningful way in 23 communities throughout the nation. For our personnel, the doctors, the nurses and technicians in our hospitals, there is no higher calling. WE DO THESE THINGS, NOT OUT OF A SENSE OF OBLIGATION,
BUT WITH A SENSE OF PRIDE.

AFTER ALL, IT'S OUR HOMETOWN, TOO. Our company has never been stronger, and our financial position is very solid. We will strive to continue to operate our company with the utmost integrity and unsurpassed merit. We have the fiscal discipline to persevere, and we have very attractive opportunities in our pipeline. In short, we are extremely well positioned to continue our record performance in 2002 and beyond. Without question, we owe a debt of gratitude to our shareholders. It is because of your investment and
Meadowview Regional Hospital, Maysville, KY

understanding that we have been given this exciting opportunity to demonstrate that improving the quality of care for our

patients translates into added value for our shareholders. Thank you for your continued interest in and support of LifePoint Hospitals.

Sincerely yours,

Kenneth C. Donahey Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

L I F E P O I N T H O S P I T A L S , I N C . 2001 Annual Report 5

