To Our Shareholders:
I am pleased to report that 2011 was another strong year for LifePoint Hospitals. Throughout the year, we executed well on our strategic plan to grow both organically and through acquisitions; improve the quality of care we provide to our patients; achieve excellence in operations; and attract, develop and retain the best talent. These strategies, coupled with our vision of making every LifePoint hospital a place where people choose to come for healthcare, where physicians want to practice and employees want to work, helped us capitalize on opportunities and continue improving our financial performance as we work to make communities healthier. Thanks to the hard work of the 24,000 members of the LifePoint team, we improved upon every building block of our strategy. We made strategic investments ­ in services, technologies, facilities and the recruitment of physicians ­ that will better equip our existing hospitals to deliver quality care, grow organically and thrive as critically important institutions in their communities. We continued to pursue our successful strategy of selectively acquiring hospitals and maintaining a strong balance sheet. This strength gives us the financial flexibility to make further acquisitions as the right opportunities arise and positions us to continue investing in our existing facilities. Also, we continued to effectively control costs while enhancing the quality of care. Our 2011 financial performance demonstrates the successful execution of our strategy. For the year, we reported revenues from continuing operations of $3.0 billion, up 7.4% from the same period a year ago. Income from continuing operations attributable to LifePoint rose 4.5% to $162.7 million, while earnings per diluted share rose 10.7% to $3.22 per diluted share. In addition, EBITDA increased 7.2% over the prior year to $536.2 million. We are operating in a new era of healthcare, and I'm proud that the LifePoint team has taken a leadership role by achieving this level of performance, especially given the current economic environment and the changes taking place in our industry. Growing Smart In 2011, against a difficult economic backdrop, we delivered strong growth. We achieved this success by enhancing our service lines, investing in facility improvements and expansions, and controlling costs. Acquisitions were also integral to our success in 2011. Over the last several years, we have sought hospitals in areas with faster population growth, a more diversified employment base, and a favorable payor mix. HighPoint Health System and Clark Regional Medical Center, both purchased in 2010, are examples of the characteristics we look for in potential acquisitions. Both continue to perform as expected, and we are well positioned to capture incremental market share with the opening of Clark Regional's new state-of-the-art facility in March 2012.

Revenue
2011 2010 2009 2008 2007

(in millions)

$3,026.1 $2,818.6 $2,587.3 $2,387.6 $2,261.4

Income from Continuing Operations Attributable to LifePoint Hospitals, Inc. (in millions)
2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 $162.7 $155.6 $139.2 $126.7 $120.1

55 Locations in 18 states

Diluted Income from Continuing Operations Per Share Attributable to LifePoint Hospitals, Inc.
2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 $3.22 $2.91 $2.59 $2.47 $2.09

Acquisitions will continue to be a key driver of growth, and with the continuing challenges that many community hospitals face, we expect to see an increasing number of facilities exploring a potential sale that meets our focused acquisition criteria. Overall, the acquisition pipeline remains active and robust. Given our strong balance sheet, we are uniquely positioned to capitalize on the best opportunities. Another element of our acquisition strategy is forming innovative partnerships. Early in 2011, we joined with Duke University Medical Center to form DLP Healthcare, LLC ("the DukeLifePoint Partnership"). We believe this joint venture, the first of its kind between a hospital management company and an academic health system, will transform healthcare throughout the region. We also believe it will contribute significantly to the growth and future success of our company. The mission of the DukeLifePoint Partnership is to own and operate a regional network of affiliated community hospitals. Together, we are a synergistic whole that exceeds the sum of our respective ­ and highly respected ­ component parts.

Through the Duke-LifePoint Partnership, affiliated hospitals enjoy the benefit of all of these valuable resources that strengthen them and help them better serve their communities. While our partnership was formed in January, we have already made progress and are gaining momentum. The advantages of this partnership extend well beyond North Carolina and Virginia. Also, our partnership provides LifePoint with a working model and a demonstrable track record of successful growth. Such partnerships, we believe, will be increasingly valuable given the changing dynamics of our industry. By building networks with strategic partners like Duke, we can enhance the quality of care we provide, ensure patients receive care in the most appropriate and cost-effective setting, and differentiate LifePoint from other companies in our field. Consistently Providing the Highest Quality Care Another key to LifePoint's continued success is providing the highest quality of care at the facilities within the LifePoint family. As an organization, we are valued members of the

communities we serve, because we are not mere owners of a hospital but essential partners in the community's physical health and financial vitality. By continually working to enhance the care and services we provide to patients, we move toward our goal of being the preferred provider in each of our markets. As more patients receive their care locally, the hospital not only becomes stronger but, as one of the largest employers in each of our markets, also helps strengthen the overall community. We are honored to have been awarded one of 26 Hospital Engagement Network contracts from the U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS"). We are one of four systems - and the only investorowned company - to have been awarded the contract. We believe CMS recognizes the value LifePoint brings to the communities in which we operate. Working together with CMS, we will be taking best practices and customizing them to fit the needs of our non-urban hospitals. The goal of this work is to partner with our physicians to improve patient safety. We are

"We believe the Duke-LifePoint Partnership, the first of its kind between a hospital management company and an academic health system, will transform healthcare throughout the region."

"We are focused on developing stronger relationships with our physicians to help optimize clinical outcomes and enhance our mutual success."

"As an organization, we are valued members of the communities we serve, because we are not mere owners of a hospital but essential partners in the community's physical health and financial vitality."
excited to advance this opportunity and anticipate that our work will distinguish our hospitals and, ultimately, benefit rural hospitals across the country. Achieving Success with Operational Excellence As we work to improve the quality of care we provide, we also strive to contain costs by improving operating efficiencies, implementing best practices through operational teams and taking advantage of economies of scale. We continue to work diligently to reduce wait times in the Emergency Department to promote the proper placement of patients through case management and an improved technology platform. These efforts are generating operating efficiencies, improved throughput and ultimately greater customer satisfaction. Our results for 2011 demonstrate that we are effectively managing our operations in a challenging environment. Continuing to Build a Team of Leading Physicians As always, a key component of serving the communities in which we operate is continuing to attract and retain highly regarded physicians. Our coordinated approach to physician recruitment continues to serve us well, and last year we again met our physician recruitment goal. Reaching our goal in physician recruitment is a tribute to the experience of our team, the quality of the systems we have in place, and the strength of our partnerships with physicians affiliated with our hospitals ­ strengths that we measure in physician satisfaction scores that continue to rise. We are also focused on developing stronger relationships with our physicians to help optimize clinical outcomes and enhance our mutual success. To that end, we continue to partner with physicians, developing and piloting shared savings programs aimed at taking waste and duplication out of the system. Finally, I am extremely pleased that this year we launched the LifePoint Learning Academy. This innovative new program is designed to train and develop future leaders within our company, especially leaders at the hospitals. We are excited about this program and know that it will enable our already talented employees to lead LifePoint for many years to come. Our success depends on our relationships with our communities, our physicians, our patients and our people. Strengthening our Position in a Changing Environment Our industry continues to evolve as a result of significant reforms to the healthcare system, and we are focused on ensuring that we are well positioned to address and capitalize on these changes ­ in a number of instances, even before they occur. We remain the only hospital in many of our markets, and we are confident that our proven strategy and strong balance sheet will allow us to continue our growth while also allowing us to provide the highest quality care in the communities we serve. Improving the quality of patient care in our communities is a key differentiator in our business, and we are delivering on our commitment to all our constituents in these communities. Above all, we are creating lasting value and supporting the growing number of people in need of quality healthcare across the country. We are pleased with our progress in 2011 and look forward to the opportunities that lie ahead. We appreciate your investment in LifePoint and are confident that we have the strategies and team to continue delivering on our vision of making every LifePoint hospital a place where people choose to come for healthcare. Sincerely,

William F. Carpenter III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

