2
To our shareholders: Medicine is more than a profession. Healthcare is more than a business. In answering the call — and, literally, in being on call — doctors are committed to the mission of improving and maintaining the health of their patients. To carry out that mission, of course, physicians must be well equipped to deliver the best possible care to their patients.
LifePoint is committed to its mission of making communities healthier. As we do so, we expect to create meaningful value for you, our shareholders. Our ability to make communities healthier depends in large part on the ability of our hospitals to consistently attract and retain outstanding physicians. Without doubt, the medical staffs at our hospitals are the cornerstone of the healthcare delivery system in their respective communities. To be most effective and to make the greatest impact in their communities, these physicians require the right information, tools, technology and resources. They also need a strong, vibrant and viable hospital partner. Our commitment to supporting physicians is intertwined with our responsibility to you, as shareholders and members of our extended LifePoint community.
As owners of LifePoint, you are aware of the many industry challenges we face. Among these are shrinking reimbursements from our most significant payors – Medicare and Medicaid, an ever increasing number of patients who have no insurance or who are underinsured, and the growing levels of “bad debt” created when patients are unable to pay for services. The physicians who practice in our communities face many of these same issues. After I became CEO, we spent several months developing disciplined and very specific strategic initiatives to address each of these challenges and to also establish a clear path for our growth. Although many of these strategic initiatives are improvements that we expect to see over the long-term, we also anticipate that some of these initiatives will gain traction during 2008.
A Point of Vitality for the Community
In all but five of the markets we serve, we are the sole community provider. Without our hospital, patients would have to seek care elsewhere — in some cases, hundreds of miles away.
The challenge of maintaining the vitality of a small town is the challenge of sustaining a vital, small- town hospital. In towns across the country, like Lander, Wyoming, and Livingston, Tennessee, Morgan City, Louisiana, and Dodge City, Kansas, LifePoint is a focal point for sustaining the community. Strengthening the hospital’s central role in the community is not only our commitment, it represents our greatest opportunity. By infusing our 49 hometowns with new physicians, new services and new resources — we operate stronger hospitals and build stronger communities that mutually reinforce each other. At the same time, we create something more: a competitive advantage. When patients can receive care in the same medical specialties, using the same sophisticated technologies, with the same high level of quality, they are more likely to remain close to home, nearer their families, entrusting their care to neighbors they know.
Gaining the leverage to compete requires organic growth — not just in patient and procedure volume, but in physician specialists, services, capabilities and expertise. In these ways and others, growth has been a particular point of emphasis and a point of success for our company in 2007. Because we are competing mostly against urban hospitals outside our communities, we have an opportunity to grow our market share in every market we serve, even those in which the market itself may not be growing. Through a combination of strategies to keep more patients “at home,” we are moving aggressively to seize those opportunities.

2007 LIFEPOINT 3
By infusing our 49 hometowns with new physicians, new services and new resources — we operate stronger hospitals and build stronger communities that mutually reinforce each other.
  Recruiting Valuable Hospital and
Community Leaders
As you will see from some of their stories in this report, our physicians are special. They have to be. Not all physicians are drawn to the practice of medicine in small towns. Our physicians, however, value the lifestyle and quality of life unique to smaller communities. They recognize our communities as wonderful places to raise their families. They value the culture and opportunities for outdoor sports and recreation. They are driven by the chance to make a real difference in the life and health of the community.
On their own, smaller hospitals have difficulty finding and attracting these physicians. We fill that gap by using our strength, reputation and corporate resources to carry out an ongoing, nationwide effort to identify and recruit outstanding physician candidates. With LifePoint’s size, geographic scope and commitment to physician retention, physicians know that we can match them to a hospital and
community that fit their needs and preferences. We also have the flexibility, when appropriate, to employ physicians directly.
New doctors not only strengthen our hospitals and expand the availability of care for our neighbors; they go beyond to support their communities. They buy homes. They contribute their time and energies as volunteers. Their purchases and taxes help grow the local economy. Their children attend local schools. In all these ways and many more, our physicians enrich the entire community.
New Services, New Technologies, New Processes
Often, adding new physicians also means adding new specialties and service lines — another key element of our strategy for creating organic growth. For example, in 2007 we devoted particular attention to adding or improving our hospitals’ capabilities in diagnostic imaging and outpatient surgeries. As part of this effort, we added new multi-slice CT scanners (many are 64-slice units, one of the most powerful

4
For us — and for our patients —
there can be no such thing as “good enough.”
available) in approximately 60% of our hospitals. As a result of these augmented capabilities, we realized a significant increase in outpatient CT volume and a 23% increase in revenue from these procedures.
During 2008 and beyond, we will continue to make targeted capital investments in new technologies, especially in the surgical areas of our hospitals, that will enable our physicians to provide the highest standards of care and enable patients and their families to benefit from services that are close to home yet second to none. In many of our communities, we are strategically targeting very specialized services — such as cardiovascular care, cancer care and emergency services — that also meet demonstrated needs. By reversing patient outmigration, these investments, we believe, will yield solid organic growth during the next several years. At the same time, we are making a concerted effort to streamline outpatient processes to provide greater convenience for our patients and physicians.
Strengthening Our Operational Support
LifePoint has always enjoyed an excellent reputation for operating hospitals effectively. But, we are not satisfied to rest on it. We are taking decisive action to ensure that our hospitals become more efficient and productive competitors.
Toward that end, we are enhancing our corporate resources in order to provide valuable expertise and support to our hospitals in such areas as purchasing and revenue cycle management. Our focus on revenue cycle management has yielded a 75% improvement in upfront collections over the prior year. To improve the efficiency of our purchasing operations, we implemented electronic data warehouses at all of our hospitals. Now, for the first time ever, our materials managers have access to a wealth of information never before available to make informed purchasing decisions. New resources in our labs and pharmacies have led to savings across our company. We also have identified additional areas of potential savings, and we are vigorously pursuing them.
Meanwhile, we also created a new Operational Excellence division to help our hospitals make the most of what we believe to be significant opportunities for financial improvement. In addition to spearheading improvements in some of the areas already discussed, this division will lead company- wide initiatives to realize improvements in such areas as contract labor and professional fees. It will also assume a lead role in integrating into LifePoint any new hospitals that we may acquire, along with conducting due diligence on prospective acquisitions.
The Quality Imperative
For us — and for our patients — there can be no such thing as “good enough.” Improving quality is a continuous process. In all of our markets, we intend to be known as the high-quality provider. We are committed to demonstrating to our neighbors that, when it comes to their choice of hospitals, bigger does not necessarily mean better; it just means less convenient.
As one reflection of that commitment, we created a new position in our company for Chief Medical Officer. Then we found someone outstanding to fill that critical role: Dr. Lanny Copeland. Dr. Copeland, who joined our senior management team in August, brings to LifePoint a great depth of experience both as a practicing physician and as a leader in managing quality initiatives across the country. Since his arrival, he has focused on improvements of our core measures for quality. Also, he has worked to educate our physicians and staff and strengthen physician relations by cultivating medical staff leadership in our hospitals.
Strengthening Our Team
Dr. Copeland is emblematic of a strong team that continues to grow even stronger, as is David Dill, who became our new Chief Financial Officer last year. With his knowledge and skill in finance and operations, David is the ideal person to serve in this position as we continue to develop new strategies to grow our business.

2007 LIFEPOINT 5
As a company, we are committed not only to attracting great talent, but also to developing it from within LifePoint. Across our organization, we are putting programs in place to build and equip leaders for the future of our hospitals. This strategy, we believe, is especially important for rural hospitals, where a CEO, CFO or CNO, who knows the community and knows our company, can make an enormous difference in maintaining positive momentum.
Growing Deliberately But Opportunistically
We are looking to grow through acquisitions. Ours remains a field abundant with opportunities for consolidation and growth, and we intend to capitalize on them. We will be aggressive in exploring these opportunities, active in evaluating them, and selective in moving forward with those that offer the best potential, the best pricing and the best fit. We will remain disciplined to a process that acquires only assets where we truly believe we can make communities healthier and that offer the appropriate long term return for you.
Looking Forward to Our Future
In the face of headwinds that buffeted the entire hospital field last year, LifePoint has continued to perform. Even as hospitals faced strong pressure on margins — due to price pressures from payors and increased bad debt — our company’s margins remained near the top of our industry. Even as many saw a tightening of admissions, our company’s adjusted admissions for the year (which measure both inpatient and outpatient volume) increased — maintaining a trend that has allowed us to achieve a combined annual growth rate of 16% over the past nine years. Our emergency room admissions — the gateway to over half of our hospitals’ admissions and a major source of self-pay revenue — again increased last year.
Amid the challenges that hospitals in America face today, we are excited about our company’s future. As America’s population continues to age and medical technology continues to evolve, healthcare spending — now at 15% of our nation’s GDP (gross domestic
product) — will continue to rise. We are positioned in a segment of the acute-care hospital industry that should offer significant growth opportunities. These trends, together with population growth in the South and West, where a significant number of our hospitals are located, should benefit us. In addition, our recent work has confirmed my view that our existing markets offer excellent potential for organic growth.
In closing, I want to thank each and every shareholder for your investment in, and commitment to, LifePoint Hospitals. We believe that we have the right experience and the right focus to be successful in this environment. Through new physicians, new services, new technologies and new efficiencies, we are continuing to invest in our hospitals and strengthening our existing physician relationships in ways that enhance their competitive strengths and build solid foundations for future growth. Now, as a team, we are renewing our commitment to exercise decisive leadership that will help forge even stronger hospitals and more vibrant communities, and deliver even greater long-term value to you, our shareholders.
Sincerely,
William F. Carpenter III
President and Chief Executive Officer
  