The past year was one of strategic growth for LifePoint. Much of our growth was the product of Duke LifePoint Healthcare...
To Our Shareholders: I am pleased to report to you that, amid a healthcare landscape fraught with challenges for the hospital industry, LifePoint Hospitals® recorded another strong year in 2012. Though the particulars of our success may have changed from last year, the broader story has remained remarkably the same: we developed a sound strategic plan, and we executed it successfully. Our work continues to revolve around four strategic priorities: growth ­ both organically and through acquisitions; the delivery of high-quality care and service to our patients; further advancing our reputation for operational excellence; and attracting, developing and retaining highperforming talent. While our strategies may seem simple, delivering on their promise is anything but. Our performance has been the result of sustained execution ­ more than 29,000 members of the LifePoint family in 57 hospitals in 20 states working in tandem on these overarching priorities. Our financial results for 2012 are a direct result of these efforts. For the year, we achieved revenues from continuing operations of $3.4 billion, an increase of 12% from the preceding year. Income from continuing operations attributable to LifePoint Hospitals, Inc. was $151.9 million, or $3.14 per diluted share. Growing Larger, Stronger and More Effective The past year was one of strategic growth for LifePoint. Much of our growth was the product of Duke LifePoint Healthcare, the innovative joint venture pioneered in 2011 between Duke University Health System and LifePoint Hospitals, in which LifePoint is the majority owner. During 2012, we completed three hospital acquisitions, two by Duke LifePoint that together represent approximately $400 million in annual revenues ­ more than double the combined revenue of our acquisitions in recent years.

We are growing in ways that reflect our strategic priorities and position our company to capitalize on new opportunities. Increasingly, we are expanding into markets with faster growing populations and a broader employment base than many of our existing markets. We are building regional networks that promote synergies and broaden access to a continuum of care. And we are expanding service lines designed to allow our hospitals to increase their market share, resulting in higher levels of growth going forward. For example, our third acquisition last year, Woods Memorial Hospital in Etowah, Tennessee, allowed us to expand our regional presence and build a stronger, local continuum of care in collaboration with LifePoint's nearby Athens Regional Medical Center. Not only has our first-of-its-kind joint venture with Duke become an engine that helps propel our acquisition strategy, it has become a national model for transforming the delivery of care. It is a model that will become increasingly important and valuable given the focus of healthcare reform to improve the quality and reduce the cost of the delivery of care. Through Duke LifePoint Healthcare, we operate a growing regional network of affiliated community hospitals in a relationship that benefits all participants. As we acquire new hospitals in the region, Duke, which serves as the clinical hub of the network, has benefited by expanding its referral base throughout North Carolina and Virginia, which LifePoint then operates as managing partner of the joint venture. Duke LifePoint hospitals benefit from greater access to valuable resources and expertise, plus the prestige and reputation for excellence associated with the Duke brand. Patients and payors benefit from a partnership that fortifies the quality of care and its delivery in the most appropriate and cost-effective settings.

Additionally, LifePoint benefits from synergies that enhance our strategic imperatives of quality, operational effectiveness and recruiting great talent. In addition, the joint venture's unique offering of clinical excellence, operational efficiency and access to resources makes affiliating with Duke LifePoint Healthcare extremely attractive, opening new doors for our company's growth. Two of the hospitals we acquired last year are part of the Duke LifePoint network. Twin County Regional Healthcare in Galax, Virginia, formed a joint venture with Duke LifePoint Healthcare, a partnership option that is attractive for certain hospitals that want to retain some ownership of their hospital. In September 2012, we transported Duke LifePoint Healthcare 1,100 miles from North Carolina with the purchase of Marquette General Health System in Marquette, Michigan, a 315-bed, federally designated Regional Referral Center that generates

12 immediate care centers and more than 90 physician practices. Hospitals that join The Regional Health Network will enjoy greater access to clinical resources and tertiary and specialty services, which in turn should allow patients to enjoy a full continuum of care. The joint venture's first transaction, Scott Memorial Hospital in Scottsburg, Indiana, is a 25-bed, critical access facility that has been the sole provider in Scott County for more than 50 years. With LifePoint as managing partner and Norton Healthcare as clinical partner, our partnership plans to bring the resources and expertise to secure the hospital's future. We also continue to grow organically by expanding service lines in our hospitals. As in recent years, we continue to focus on adding high-intensity services, such as cardiology and oncology ­ two services that in the past required patients to migrate from their communities to larger urban hospitals. We also are working to improve our processes and enhance the

We also continue to grow organically by expanding service lines in our hospitals.
$320 million in net revenue and is the only tertiary hospital serving approximately 300,000 residents of Michigan's Upper Peninsula. This acquisition was another significant milestone, because it demonstrates the national scope and viability of the Duke LifePoint model. Leveraging the strength and synergies of Duke LifePoint Healthcare, Marquette General Health System now gives LifePoint a strong base for building a regional network in an entirely new area that offers very attractive demographic characteristics and significant growth potential. In addition to our activity with Duke LifePoint, we announced a joint venture with Louisvillebased Norton Healthcare, The Regional Health Network of Kentucky and Southern Indiana, which will operate hospitals in non-urban communities throughout the region. Norton is one of the region's most comprehensive healthcare systems with five hospitals, five outpatient centers, patient experience in our emergency departments, the source of more than half of all admissions to our hospitals. Growing in Talent and Expertise In early 2013, LifePoint announced the addition of Russell L. Holman, M.D., as the company's new chief medical officer (CMO), replacing Lanny R. Copeland, M.D., who has served as LifePoint's CMO since the position was created in 2007. Dr. Copeland, who last summer announced his plans to retire, will continue to serve through a transition period as CMO Emeritus. Dr. Holman has more than 15 years of healthcare leadership experience in academic centers, managed care, corporate and community hospital settings. He joined LifePoint from Cogent HMG, a national hospital medicine management company, where he served in executive leadership roles for the past eight years, most recently as chief clinical officer. We look forward to his leadership.

Through a variety of programs, including online training, we are building and strengthening talent throughout our hospitals.
In a rapidly evolving healthcare environment, recruiting and retaining excellent physicians continues to be a crucial imperative. Shortages of both primary care and specialty physicians have exacerbated what was already a formidable challenge for community hospitals. In spite of this challenge, we continue to meet our physician recruitment goals as a company. In response to rising demand, a growing number of LifePoint physicians are employees. By the end of 2012, employed physicians represented roughly 15% of the medical staffs at our hospitals. Accordingly, we continue to build on our coordinated recruitment efforts by strengthening our physician practice management resources and services to better support the success of our employed physicians. These efforts are beneficial in many ways. For example, implementing comprehensive electronic medical records (EMR) systems and improving the delivery of quality care enhance our ability to compete for the best physicians, while recruiting new physician specialists often enables us to expand particular service lines at our hospitals. We work hard, of course, to attract and cultivate high-performing talent at all levels throughout our organization, both clinical and non-clinical. Through a variety of programs, including online training, we are building and strengthening talent throughout our hospitals. With a formalized succession planning process for our hospital CEOs, our Hospital Support Center works to align talent with our future development needs. Additionally, our LifePoint Learning Academy helps us train and develop future leaders for our hospitals and for our company. Fulfilling a Mission for Quality We have long prided ourselves on the standards of quality we uphold and on our continual efforts to improve upon them. Those efforts not only better serve our patients, but enhance our ability to recruit and retain physicians. We believe they will also enhance our ability to compete in the emerging healthcare environment, where hospitals will become more and more accountable for quality outcomes. But our commitment to quality goes beyond competitive advantage. The people we treat in our communities are more than patients. They are our neighbors. In such an environment, the drive to provide the highest quality of care takes an even deeper meaning. We invest heavily in improving the quality of care, the services available, and the overall health of our communities. To us, those are not merely differentiators in the marketplace; they reflect our mission of Making Communities Healthier, both physically and economically. Because of our history and mission, we were particularly proud that the U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) awarded a Hospital Engagement Network contract to our company in December 2011. Working with CMS and with our clinical staff across LifePoint, we are creating best practices to improve the delivery of quality care and patient safety, implementing these practices in our facilities, and training our staff across the country to execute on them. We have subcontracted with Duke, adding their clinical expertise, training systems and track record in patient safety systems to this effort. Of the 26 contracts CMS awarded, LifePoint was the only for-profit recipient. To us, that honor is both a point of differentiation and validation of our commitment to outstanding care. Achieving Operational Excellence Over the years, LifePoint has built a reputation for operational excellence, with margins that have always ranked among the best in the industry. As part of our ongoing efforts to improve that excellence, last year we made significant investments in implementing EMR systems in our hospitals that improve the flow of information,

the quality of care provided at our hospitals, and the ability of our physicians to serve patients. By meeting CMS' "meaningful use" criteria for EMR systems, which CMS created to both encourage adoption and ensure the use of EMRs to advance patient care, our hospitals qualify for federal stimulus dollars. Our efforts in this area last year resulted in an additional $32 million in incremental payments to the Company. We also entered into a shared services agreement with Parallon Business Solutions to provide our hospitals with supply chain, accounts payable, revenue cycle, and payroll services. We began transitioning our hospitals to Parallon's services in late 2012. By utilizing Parallon's expertise and

Our solutions and our industry leadership in forming strategic partnerships with prestigious medical centers position our company to capitalize on the growing trend of community hospitals affiliating with larger organizations like LifePoint. Our pipeline remains very active, and we are selectively acquiring the right hospitals in the right markets. With a strong balance sheet and ready access to capital, we believe we have the financial resources to extend our growth through 2013 and beyond. We also believe we are exceptionally well positioned to add value not only to the communities we serve, but across our industry. As the sole hospital provider in most of the

We also believe we are exceptionally well positioned to add value not only to the communities we serve, but across the industry.
efficiencies in these core business areas, we are enabling our hospitals to focus more time and resources on what they do best ­ providing high quality patient care close to home. Meeting the Challenge through Smart Solutions and Sound Execution In today's healthcare environment, hospitals of all sizes face an array of challenges: increasing pressure on reimbursement, changing patient mix, physician recruitment, increasing regulatory requirements, access to capital, technology requirements and infrastructure, and bottomline accountability for quality care and improved outcomes. LifePoint's strategies address each of these challenges, and our experienced team has demonstrated an ability to implement our approaches in ways that turn strategies into solutions. communities we serve, we are a very significant player in an expanding footprint. With the addition of new physicians and new service lines, we are furthering our efforts to gain market share in those markets and reduce the migration of patients to larger hospitals in more distant towns and cities. In addition, our joint ventures with Duke and Norton are building integrated provider networks that should improve the healthcare landscape across entire regions for years to come. We are excited about what the future holds for LifePoint and our shareholders. As always, we remain grateful for your interest and investment. Sincerely,

William F. Carpenter III Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

