To Our Shareholders:
 On May 11, 2009, LifePoint Hospitals celebrates its 10th anniversary. We are proud of our continued successes and optimistic about our future.
Last year, we set goals for the next four years at LifePoint Hospitals and outlined the strategic initiatives that would allow us to achieve these goals. In 2008, we began executing on these goals, and I am pleased to report that we have seen clear and positive results from our efforts. Without a doubt, strong headwinds will continue to buffet our industry, but the results we have seen give us confidence that we are focused on the right strategies and that we have the right tools in place to continue our success.
In spite of the economic pressures that affected the entire hospital industry in 2008, we achieved solid financial results. Revenues from continuing operations increased to $2.7 billion, generating income from continuing operations of $138.2 million and diluted earnings per share of $2.58 — an increase of 15.7% over the previous year. We did not merely hold our ground; we gained it. In the process, we positioned our company solidly to build on our successes and our fundamental strengths in the years to come.
We also remain in an excellent financial position for both 2009 and the longer term. Because we chose not to leverage the Company unreasonably in prior years, LifePoint today enjoys a strong balance sheet, with ample liquidity and capital. These factors, combined with historically dependable cash flow, have enabled our company to make strategic investments in new services in our hospitals, new technologies and needed physicians. Those investments should, in turn, drive organic growth now and in the future and enable us to capture greater market share in the communities we serve.
I am especially pleased by the progress of our systematic efforts to identify and capitalize on strategic opportunities at our hospitals. In 2007, we began intensive, strategic evaluations of seven of our largest hospitals, which together account for 32%
of LifePoint’s revenues. Our aim was to uncover potential for organic growth, especially through profitable service lines. Based on these reviews, we developed hospital-specific plans that included strategies such as capital projects to enhance the hospital’s capabilities, recruiting plans to add physician specialists to offer needed services, and corporate-level support for these projects.
These efforts were successful. For example, we achieved
a 12% increase in volume over established baselines for
our cardiovascular service lines at these seven hospitals. Meanwhile, by implementing new technology, we generated a 4% volume increase in our imaging service lines. We have learned a great deal from this process and now see the opportunity to apply these lessons across the Company. Throughout 2009, we will continue to extend our initiatives to every LifePoint hospital.
Our strategic initiatives also demonstrate the value of support for the hospital-level operations from our corporate office. We remain steadfast in the philosophy that healthcare is generally delivered best when managed in a way that is tailored and responsive to each community. At the same time, we know from experience that standardizing best practices — from revenue cycle management to procurement of supplies — promotes efficiencies and continuous improvements that benefit each of our hospitals and their patients. Our efforts in this area are exceeding our expectations. We not only are becoming more effective, we are becoming more efficient.
We continue to invest in our hospitals — and in the communities they serve — in the form of needed physicians, and, equally important, in the retention of our existing doctors. Physicians, pure and simple, are the lifeblood of hospitals. That is especially true of sole-provider community hospitals, where having the physicians to support a broad range of services is critical to encouraging patients to use local facilities rather than outmigrating to more distant urban hospitals.
We also continue to strengthen our relationships with physicians. Toward that end, under the leadership of our Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Lanny Copeland, we have organized a Physician Leadership Council. We value this group of medical staff leaders from 12 of our hospitals, which will enhance direct communication with our physicians and provide a powerful sounding board for ideas. At the same time, we are working to optimize our already strong lines of communication at the hospital level. I am very pleased to report that, as a reflection of these and other efforts, our physician satisfaction scores have improved significantly in every area over the past three years.
 
We know that quality drives both physician and patient satisfaction, and a focus on quality remains our watchword. Working closely with our hospitals’ medical staffs and the Physician Leadership Council, we placed rigorous focus on improving quality, and, as a result, last year we achieved aggregate scores consistently above 90% in all four of the core measures for quality. Our scores represented a significant improvement over the previous year. Our aim is not only to deliver better care, but also to demonstrate it, so that patients and referring physicians can objectively compare the quality of our services against those of large urban competitors. We are showing that bigger is not necessarily better. Better is better.
Consistent with the foregoing efforts to strengthen our performance, we endeavor to make our hospitals the place where patients choose to come for needed care; where physicians want to practice medicine; and where our employees want to work. While this shared vision gives us much to strive for as together we build our company’s reputation for excellence, I have been truly impressed by the compassionate, high quality care that I have witnessed during my visits to our hospitals. The personal commitment shown by our hospitals’ employees and affiliated physicians to the care of patients is extraordinary.
Our successes in 2008 are interconnected. They build upon and reinforce each other. We are especially mindful that all of these efforts help build stronger, healthier communities. As the sole provider in 44 out of 48 locations, our hospitals are fundamental parts of the community. As we strengthen our hospitals, we
also strengthen a vital community institution. At the same time, what is good for the community is good for our company.
Similarly, our niche as the community provider has helped to buffer LifePoint from some of the headwinds that the hospital industry as a whole has faced. Though we are not unaffected, we see opportunity where others see crisis. Strengthening our hospitals through enhanced quality, improved efficiencies, expanded services and new physicians will, we believe, help us generate steady, sustainable growth. Also, our financial strength gives us distinct advantages, including the ability to selectively consider the right acquisition opportunities.
We believe we are solidly positioned for the future. We have an experienced and dedicated group of employees who have succeeded in a variety of challenging economic cycles. As sole provider in many communities, we will of course be carefully watching the changing landscape for healthcare under the new administration in Washington. Also, we are actively working to ensure that we will continue to meet our patients’ needs and build value in the years to come. As we move forward, we remain grateful as always for your support and your investment.
Sincerely,
William F. Carpenter III
President and Chief Executive Officer
   Financial Overview
Revenues
(in millions)
Income From Continuing Operations (in millions)
Diluted Income Per Share From Continuing Operations
                                                   04 05 06 07 08
04 05 06 07 08
04 05 06 07 08
                           $982.8 $1,762.7 $2,336.5 $2,568.4 $2,700.8
$85.9
$77.2 $144.2 $127.7 $138.2
$2.18 $1.51 $2.56 $2.23 $2.58
