 March 12, 2014
Dear LP Shareholders;
2013 was a good year for LP by almost any standard.
• Our safety record remained below a 1.0 TIR for the eighth consecutive year.
• For the year, LP recorded $2.1 billion in net sales, $177 million in net income and earnings per share of $1.23, as compared to net sales of $1.7 billion, net income of $30 million and earnings per share of $0.20 for 2012.
• We continued to increase market penetration, with a number of key products reaching record sales volumes.
• At the same time, we took steps to be ready for continued growth ahead, launching an integrated ERP platform, restarting two OSB mills, completing the acquisition of the Peace Valley OSB joint venture, and announcing our plans to acquire Ainsworth Lumber Company.
Revenue Growth
Housing starts in 2013 were at 923,000, 18 percent above the previous year. Even at starts which still remain well below historical averages, LP is winning. LP sales increased 23 percent in 2013 compared to 2012 with record sales volumes in many product lines including SmartSide® siding, TechShield® Radiant Barrier, our Topnotch® OSB high performance subflooring, SuperStruct® industrial panel, and Flameblock® fire retardant OSB.
Toward the end of the year, we restructured our sales and marketing organization to deepen our relationships with key customers and to allow greater market segmentation, so that we can be responsive with the right products and support. Both our shareholders and customers should benefit from these changes.
Upgraded Systems
We launched a year-long effort in 2013 to upgrade our IT systems in North America to a common ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) platform and went live on January 1st of this year.
Progress toward routine operation is being made every day as our employees become more familiar with the system and we take care of issues as they arise. We appreciate the patience demonstrated by our customers and vendors as we learn together how to make the system work and take advantage of new capabilities. This has been a massive effort and we can’t say enough about the dedication of the teams working on this project.
Making Best Use of our Assets and Preparing for Growth
To take LP to the next level, we intensified our efforts in 2013 to focus the organization on our four key businesses: OSB, Siding, EWP and South America. We continued to remove the distractions of non-core businesses and worked toward more productive use of existing assets.
LOUISIANA-PACIFIC CORPORATION
414 Union St., Suite 2000 Nashville, TN 37219 T 615.986.5600 F 615.986.5666 WWW.LPCORP.COM
 
With targeted capital projects, we identified opportunities for growth and costs savings. We also took advantage of acquisition opportunities to expand our operations.
Removing Non-Core Businesses
• We sold our moulding business. This has been a nice business for LP, and Middlebury was one of our best operating plants, but it had limited synergies with the rest of LP.
• In December, we sold our 50 percent interest in a cellulose insulation joint venture with Casella Waste Systems, recovering a portion of our historic investment and reducing our debt exposure.
Productive Use of Existing Assets
• Based on forecasted market demand, we started up our Clarke County OSB mill in the second quarter of 2013. While the start-up was short of our expectations, this mill is now operating at a vastly improved level.
• Early in 2013, we made the decision to start up the Dawson Creek OSB mill on a limited production basis. The mill team responded and put the plant back into production effectively.
• We also made the decision mid-year to re-commission the idled OSB line at Houlton, a change that was smoothly executed and provides us flexibility into the future.
Growth Acceleration
• LP completed the acquisition of Canfor’s 50 percent ownership in the Peace Valley OSB mill in late May, a move which should yield large returns as the housing market continues to recover.
• At Two Harbors, we invested in a successful press rebuild meant to expand both capacity and capability for our Siding business. The resulting record production and profits at Two Harbors in 2013 were 20 percent ahead of the projections in our capital planning model.
• In one of LP’s biggest moves in many years, last September the board agreed to acquire Ainsworth Lumber Company and their potential 3 billion square feet of OSB capacity. While we are still in the regulatory approval process, we are all excited to get on with the integration.
Driving LP Forward in 2014
We can drive even faster and farther into 2014.
Next year at this time, we’d like to report that 2014 was the safest year in LP’s history.
We will continue to invest in productivity and growth in the year, with capital earmarked for necessary maintenance, productivity improvement and growth projects. Early in 2014, we started a project to increase the siding capacity at our Tomahawk mill by 50 percent and we are well along in the planning for a third OSB mill in Chile.
In 2014, we must take advantage of the capabilities from our ERP conversion.
The sooner the better, we need to obtain regulatory approval for the Ainsworth acquisition so that we can get underway with the integration.
The market environment is in our favor for growth, with an improving economy, pent-up demand and favorable demographic fundamentals. Housing starts in 2014 should be stronger than last year. With LP’s improved capacity, upgraded systems and new sales structure, we are poised for another year of growth and profitability.
2

As always, we thank you, our shareholders, for your support and we remain committed to earning your confidence in LP’s future.
Sincerely,
Curtis M. Stevens, Chief Executive Officer
E. Gary Cook, Chairman
  3
