 Dear Stakeholder:
2002 was a defining year for LP. Operationally, we
had to contend with an uncertain economy, overcapacity in some products and dismal commodity pricing. A strong dollar attracted imports, and a flood of softwood lumber from Canada drove prices to new lows. Strategically, we made some important decisions. In May, we announced a major program of asset sales, debt reduction for improved financial flexibility, and a four- to- five-year investment plan to markedly improve the performance of our retained businesses. These bold moves will provide a solid foundation for profitable earnings growth, despite the cyclical nature of much of our business.
An analysis of our 2002 financial results shows the
positive effect these moves will have on sustained
profitability in 2003 and beyond. While the company lost money overall in 2002 due to impairments, restructuring charges and extremely low commodity pricing, each of the retained business segments operated at a profit for the year before general corporate expenses. During the year, we lowered the basic costs of our commodity businesses further. In addition, our more stable specialty businesses grew, accounting for almost a third of our revenue from continuing operations. In 2002, the company’s financial position improved significantly. Cash generated from operations as well as from asset sales allowed us to pay down our debt and increase our cash balance substantially. These financial results are detailed in the management discussion and analysis section of the enclosed report.
We made the decision in May to initiate the asset sales, debt reduction and internal investment programs after a thorough analysis of key changes that will affect our marketplace for the next decade. The primary factor is the consolidation underway among our customers. Retail ‘‘big boxes,’’ large builders and nationwide distribution firms have been growing rapidly, and are now able to source wood products efficiently from across North America and, increasingly, from around the world.
With the price pressures inherent in such an environment, the only competitive edge in a commodity business is to have the lowest possible delivered costs. To maintain that cost advantage, LP must make continuous investments in technology, people and facilities. We therefore made the decision to sell the businesses that did not have the necessary scale or that could not be improved as part of LP to compete globally. This allowed us to focus our resources on building sustainable competitive advantages in a selected few product lines.
The teams of people who make up your company have done an excellent job of executing this decision. We have retained our cost-competitive commodity OSB and structural framing businesses (lumber and engineered wood products), together with our composite wood and plastic building products businesses, which enjoy more stable margins without volatile commodity price swings. We have sold our plywood, industrial panels, and distribution businesses, closed our wholesale business, and are in the process of selling our remaining timberland.
Financial flexibility and conservative financial management are key components of our competitive strategy moving ahead. We are on track to meet our goal to generate $600-700 million in value, before taxes, from the asset sales announced in 2002. Proceeds are being used to reduce our debt to low levels. Each LP business is following a well-thought-out plan for delivering its part of the strategy. We believe our continuing operations will generate sufficient cash to cover our investment plans without additional borrowings.

The goal of our OSB business is to achieve the lowest possible cost and best delivered value. Our single biggest leverage area for accomplishing this is our internal investment program within existing OSB mills. The OSB business has developed plans for significant high-return investment projects in each of our 14 mills, designed to reduce costs by at least 10% across the system, while improving the quality of our products.
The lumber business will execute a modest capital investment program to continue its progress in lowering costs. In engineered wood products, we will keep driving cost improvements by making our existing operations more efficient and successfully integrating the Abitibi I-joist joint venture, while improving our service.
LP’s composite wood business includes our specialty interior and exterior hardboard products and OSB composite siding products. We are expanding our OSB composite siding, trim and fascia products as they continue to gain market share.
Our plastic building products group will focus on introducing new products, and supporting growth opportunities both through strategic alliances and our own expansion potential. Within this segment, our emerging composite decking business, while a drain the last few years, appears to be positioned to make a solid contribution.
Any discussion of business in 2002 would be incomplete without a note on corporate governance and financial reporting, topics on everyone’s mind in the last year. We are finding that most of the new regulations and requirements simply codify practices that were already in place at LP. I am the only inside director, and all our outside directors are independent. Both our external auditors and our internal audit group have independent reporting relationships directly to our board’s Finance and Audit Committee. We have corporate governance principles and a strong business ethics code, as well as rigorous processes and procedures in place to ensure full and accurate disclosure. Even though we feel very good about our practices, we constantly review our financial reporting processes for compliance with new laws and regulations, and revise them as needed to meet all requirements.
Our strategies are in place, and we enter the year 2003 disciplined and intensely focused. We will continue to dedicate our time and resources to the things we can control. With most of our facility divestitures now behind us, our task is to complete the asset sales program and execute our business strategies flawlessly. Our actions are all directed toward our unchanging goal, improving the performance of our company for our stakeholders.
Sincerely,
Mark A. Suwyn Chairman and CEO
 