 A letter to our shareholders
Dear Shareholder:
We close the books on 2004 with pride and a sense of achievement. Through the efforts of LP’s talented and dedicated people, we have been able to channel an exceptionally strong year
in the building industry into record profits for the
company. We experienced significant volume
growth in each major segment of our business, ben-
efited from continued strength in OSB pricing, and
achieved more than one billion dollars in sales out-
side the OSB segment. It was a year in which we
sold nearly everything we could make. And we con-
tinue to take pride in protecting both our employ-
ees and our communities by achieving ever-
improving safety and environmental performance.
Balance Sheet
The company’s balance sheet is exceptionally strong.
LP now has more than $1.2 billion in cash and
investments, and is in excellent financial health.
We plan to keep it that way. We are being prudent,
maintaining an operating reserve of at least $300
million. We intend to spend about $240 million in
2005 in mill improvements and new construction.
We will retire about $180 million in debt during
2005. The remaining cash is earmarked as a poten-
tial “war chest” for acquisitions. What to acquire is
the single largest question we face. We have learned
from past experience, both good and bad, that any
strategic investment must give LP a high return in
future growth and profitability. For that to happen, we must make the right acquisition, at the right time, and at the right price.
Shareholder Value
LP stock ended 2003 at $17.88 per share and ended 2004 at $26.74, for an increase of greater than 33 percent. In 2004, we increased the book value per share from $12.31 to $16.05, reinstated the dividend and raised it twice. We were gratified to regain our investment-grade status from Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s rating agencies.
Capital Investments
With completion of the restructuring process begun in 2002, we are executing a significant reinvestment strategy. During 2004, we invest- ed $180 million in capital to improve the efficiency and capacity of existing mills, and to begin building new ones. To help meet the grow-
Rick Frost, CEO, and
E. Gary Cook, Chairman
1
    BUILD WITH US.TM
 
 2
  Rick Frost, CEO, officially opens Nashville headquarters with a ribbon-cutting during Open House ceremonies.
ing demand for OSB and to reinforce our leadership position in this, our major business, operations are scheduled to begin this year at a new OSB mill in British Columbia (a joint venture between Canfor and
LP), and we have announced our intent to build a new OSB mill in Alabama for start-up in 2007. We are constructing a second engineered-wood I-joist facility in Quebec, have begun conversion of an OSB mill to produce our popular SmartSide® siding in Wisconsin, and are expanding production capaci- ty for decking—our single fastest-growing prod- uct—at our Alabama plant.
Leadership Changes
With the retirement in 2004 of LP Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mark Suwyn, our board of directors chose to separate the titles into two posi- tions. The purpose of this change is to bring more
leadership strength to the highest echelons of the company and to improve the focus the two of us can bring to our respective responsi- bilities: Rick, as CEO, to the running of the company, and Gary, as chairman, to overseeing the board’s many responsibilities.
In the months preceding his departure, Mark was helpful in his counsel and generous with his insights. After having successfully led the company through the difficult restructuring period, Mark’s legacy is an LP that is financially strong and focused. We owe him a debt of gratitude for leaving us better than he found us.
While LP executive leadership changed in 2004, LP’s strategic direction did not. The senior management team that deliberated on, defined and established the company’s current strategic plans, corporate objectives and investment policies remains in place. Our board is confident this leadership will serve LP well in the years to come.
At the annual meeting this year, Lee Simpson will retire from the board of directors after serving the company for many years as an employee, officer and director. We will miss Lee’s in-depth under- standing of our industry and his encyclopedic knowledge of LP since its inception.
Nashville Headquarters
Being together in Nashville is making us a stronger, faster and more responsive company. Having key decision-makers and implementers in one place has enhanced our ability to make quick and informed strategic and tactical decisions, as well as do a better job of resource
  
  3
 allocation. We are convinced that the Nashville relocation was the right thing to do, and that we did it at the right time.
Along with the new headquarters, we began operations at our new Technology Center in Franklin, Tennessee, where ongoing research, product development and product testing will enable us to con- tinue satisfying our customers’needs well into the future.
The Year Ahead
These are exciting times at LP. We are invigorated and energized. With our business clearly focused on our areas of strength, we will continue to execute the company's business plan to achieve growth and profitability goals. We will move forward with our capital improvement projects and will leverage our new Technology Center to strengthen our existing technology and develop new products to support and build our businesses. We have high expectations for South America, rapidly emerging as a very promising market for building products. And we will very carefully weigh options for accretive, profitable, and strategically sound acquisitions.
The two of us want to extend our gratitude to you—our customers, our shareholders, and our fine employees—for the exceptional level of support you have demonstrated. We are counting on all of you to continue to “Build with Us.”
E. Gary Cook Chairman
Richard W. Frost
Chief Executive Officer
LP welcomes the community to our new headquarters in Nashville.
 “These are exciting times at LP. We are invigorated and energized.”
   BUILD WITH US.TM
 