Dear LP Shareholder,
2011 was another difficult year for LP amid a persistently unsettled economy and a dismal new home construction market in the U.S. Single-family housing starts totaled 441,000 in the year, about 9 percent less than 2010, the lowest level of single-family starts since the U.S. Census Bureau began reporting this statistic in 1959.
2011 saw a rise in multifamily housing as a percent of total starts. Though LP does participate in the multifamily construction market, less of our product is used in these housing units and the competitive dynamics of this market are more challenging.
The housing market is showing some new signs of life and it feels as if things are getting incrementally better. The Fed predicts 2 to 3 percent growth for the year; consensus forecasts for home construction are up by about 15 percent over the historic lows of 2011. We are encouraged that as revisions of starts are published each month, these revised numbers are trending higher rather than lower, as they have the past few years. Overall, we’re looking at 2012 with measured optimism for a modestly improved market.
2011 Financial Performance
For 2011, LP reported a loss of $181 million, on net sales from continuing operations of $1.4 billion. This compares to a net loss of $39 million in 2010 on a similar level of sales. Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations was a loss of $19 million compared to a positive EBITDA in 2010 of $82 million.
Lower OSB selling price was the most significant factor in the change in EBITDA, lowering earnings by $96 million in the year. Also, LP’s tax rate (benefit) on continuing operations for 2011 was 19 percent compared to 40 percent in the prior year.
At December 31, LP had $354 million in cash, cash equivalents, investments and restricted cash and working capital of $517 million.
Segment Performance
Oriented Strand Board (OSB)
For the year, OSB had an operating loss of $64 million compared to income of $26 million in 2010. Adjusted EBITDA for the same period was a loss of $26 million in 2011 and income of $64 million in 2010. The impact of lower pricing in 2011 accounts for all of this change, as we were able to offset higher raw materials costs with operational efficiencies as we focused on effectively running operations at a level consistent with demand.
With less than 70 percent effective utilization of production capacity in our currently operating OSB mills, we are prepared to quickly ramp up to meet demand. When housing trends clearly signal that a full recovery is coming, we also have three indefinitely curtailed OSB mills that we will be able to start back up when and where needed.
Siding
Siding had operating income of $42 million for 2011 compared to $51 million in 2010. Adjusted EBITDA was $58 million in 2011 and $70 million in 2010. The decline in full-year results was tied to increases in raw material costs partially offset by sales price increases of about $4 million, and lower pricing for OSB produced at our Hayward mill, which is included in our Siding segment, of more than $5 million.
Despite the stagnant housing market, our LP SmartSide ® strand-based product line grew volume by 3 percent. We are still excited by the possibilities of growth in this category, which we believe represents the future of siding. Like OSB, our siding business also has unutilized capacity at currently operating mills that we can ramp up without expending new capital as markets improve.

Engineered Wood Products (EWP)
For the year, EWP recorded an operating loss of $15 million compared to a loss of $21 million in 2010. Adjusted EBITA was a loss of $2 million in 2011 compared to $8 million in 2010, on a net sales increase of $11 million.
Among all of our businesses, LP’s EWP segment is the most dependent on new single-family home construction. EWP made progress amid the 2011 decline in housing starts by growing profitable volume in export sales significantly and achieving lower costs at our Houlton, Maine, Laminated Strand Lumber (LSL) plant.
We were pleased with the increased market product penetration of LSL, which allowed our Houlton mill to boost production by more than 50 percent in the year. Though improved, that mill is still operating far below rated capacity and has ample capacity to handle growth from an improving market and continued penetration.
South America
After more than 10 years of development, LP South America is now large enough to report it as a separate segment.
Continued growth and record profitability of our South America business were welcome bright spots in 2011, with sales of $145 million in 2011 versus $125 million in 2010 and operating 2011 income of $12 million compared to $7 million in 2010.
Largely through LP Chile’s marketing and education efforts, and the superior performance of wood-framed homes in the devastating 2010 earthquake, a significant portion of Chilean homebuilders have converted from traditional masonry to wood-frame construction, creating a healthy demand for LP products. Both of our mills in Chile are currently running near capacity, with almost all of that production staying in Chile.
Our mill in Brazil is running at about 60 percent capacity with about 20 percent of production being exported to Asia at this time. Our biggest opportunity in South America is to increase profitable sales volume in Brazil to use the additional capacity of that mill. We are approaching this more traditional building market with a focus on substituting OSB products in certain parts of construction, gaining acceptance for our products in social housing, and targeting private projects that are a good fit for our technology.
Staying Focused
While uncertainty persisted in the housing market during 2011, our employees remained focused on producing quality products in a safe and efficient manner.
Safety
LP employees once again recorded outstanding safety results, ending the year with the second-best performance in our history at 0.47 Total Incident Rate (TIR). 2011 marked the fourth consecutive year that all businesses achieved a TIR of under 1.00 as we work our way to our ultimate goal of no one getting hurt at LP. In 2011, 14 of our mills had zero recordable injuries for the entire year.
Quality
We continued to build on our successful LP by Me product quality effort in 2011, with our Sigma Quality Level metric driving variation out of our manufacturing processes. Expanding these processes beyond manufacturing operations, we also extended Quality activities into functional areas including customer service and finance, and in the fourth quarter launched a supplier Quality assurance program.

Lean Six Sigma
Our Lean Six Sigma (LSS) efforts continued to produce excellent returns of 6.6 to 1 from cost-saving and efficiency projects across the company. The LSS culture of disciplined analysis, measurement, and continuous improvement is becoming ever more ingrained in LP culture. More than a third of employees participated in LSS project teams last year.
Building Share
We continued to build market share in 2011 by getting more new customers to stock our products or getting an existing customer to offer additional LP building products, which is how we describe a market share “win.” In the fourth quarter alone, our number of wins was up 19 percent over 2010. In a year where single-family housing starts were down, LP’s total wins were up 3 percent. What that means is that we are better positioned for growth when the market takes off again.
Management Transition
In December, Curt Stevens moved from Chief Financial Officer to the interim position of Chief Operating Officer newly created by our board of directors for the purpose of implementing an orderly management succession plan. We welcomed Sallie Bailey as our new Chief Financial Officer, and count ourselves fortunate that a person of Sallie’s caliber and qualifications has joined LP. Just recently, we announced that Rick will be retiring from LP in May, and that Curt will become CEO of LP following the Annual Shareholders Meeting on May 4, 2012. This has been well planned and will be a seamless transition.
A Glimpse Ahead
2012 is starting out quite well for us and we are buoyed by more positive signs of a slowly improving economy. Remaining cautiously optimistic, however, our focus for 2012 will be to protect our balance sheet and cash position and limit capital expenditures to a minimum while our sales force forges ahead to pursue profitable business wins.
As noted above, we have the production capacity to allow us to quickly ramp up to fill increased demand with little capital outlay.
During the downturn, our people have made strides in operations, quality, and market share that position us well to benefit from a stronger market. They are to be commended for making these improvements and for hanging on with us through long, tough times. LP is very well positioned and has the products, the people and excellent operating leverage to take full advantage of an upturn in the housing market.
Thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,
Rick Frost, CEO
  Gary Cook, Chairman
