Shareholders
a year that established new records for both net sales and net income. Net sales of $235.6 million increased 3%, Income from Continuing Operations of $18.3 million increased 7%, Earnings per Share from Continuing Operations of $1.77 increased 4%, and Shareholders' Equity increased 15% to more than $118 million. However, accomplishments in the areas of new product development, sales channel improvements, 10% increase in square foot capacity (with another 5% to come in fiscal 2001), cost improvements, and stock price performance were overshadowed by changes in our largest market -- the petroleum / convenience store market. The three large mergers in the oil industry now have joined BP, Amoco and Arco as one company, Exxon and Mobil as a second entity, and Shell and Texaco have formed a third large marketing enterprise. Effects of these mergers have been felt throughout the industry as these combined companies consolidate management responsibilities, formulate new operating strategies, sell off or purchase retail stations, and work through an important process of designing their new marketing images. LSI has certainly been impacted in this market that represents 38% of our total net sales. We experienced a slowdown in both lighting and graphics sales in the second half of fiscal 2000 as the oil companies focused on establishing their future retail site images for both new and retrofit sites. The silver lining in this slowdown is that never before in LSI history have we had more potential opportunity to participate in re-image programs in our major market. We have worked diligently over the past 18 months with oil company executives as

Dear

they progress from the concept and design stage to the prototyping of new images for their stations and convenience stores. While the BP new image program may be the first to roll out in the second half of fiscal 2001, we think that other oil companies could soon follow with updated and revised images so that they can preserve their market share. LSI will not likely be awarded all lighting and graphics elements of these massive re-image programs. However, I believe that our participation in current development and prototype work, as well as our proven capabilities and history of significant participation in roll-out programs in this industry in the past, has positioned us solidly for a major share of these programs. All of our operations are definitely capable of meeting these multi-year challenges that could impact about 50,000 or more sites in North America. During fiscal year 2000 we began the task of converting our business operating software and systems company-wide. In addition, we are working on an e-business strategy that will strengthen LSI's opportunities with the large national retail customers. The bottom line for the implementation period of fiscal 2000 through fiscal 2002 will certainly be affected by the expense associated with this technology upgrade. However, benefits of both of these technology initiatives will increase our operating capabilities and should lead to increased efficiencies as the Company grows in the future. You may have noticed the slight modification of the LSI logo on the front cover and elsewhere in this Annual Report. We are developing a new identity by consolidating all of our different companies into one unified corporate-branded identity to gain the marketplace recognition and acceptance for all operations that the "LSI" brand now enjoys. When this is implemented in fiscal 2001, I expect a more unified marketing approach, additional opportunities for cross selling both lighting and graphics products, and the beginning of development of strong brand

T

his letter and Annual Report come to you at a very interesting time in LSI's history. We accomplished a great deal in fiscal 2000 --

2

NET SALES
$Millions 250 200 150 15 100 10 50 5 30 25 20

OPERATING INCOME
$Millions

96 97 98 99 00

96 97 98 99 00

EARNINGS PER SHARE
from Continuing Operations $/Share 2.00 120 100 1.50 80 1.00 60 40 0.50 20

SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
$Millions

96 97 98 99 00

96 97 98 99 00

recognition throughout our markets. A strong balance sheet and financial condition is a core operating philosophy and trademark of LSI. Fiscal 2000 concluded with the balance sheet stronger than ever and with nearly $22 million of cash and short-term investments. We actively evaluated several acquisition candidates during the year, and have ongoing interest in some of them. We continue to look for the right acquisitions that will help increase our revenue growth and profitability in both the Image Group and the Commercial / Industrial Lighting Group. As fiscal 2001 begins, it appears that we will be involved with a major roll-out of both interior and exterior menu board systems for one of the large, national quick service restaurant marketers. This customer began its design/concept stage with LSI in fiscal 1999, and its prototype stage in fiscal 2000. We are very excited about this opportunity that could

impact the second half of fiscal 2001, and believe that our participation in the roll-out implementation will open other opportunities with other quick service restaurant customers. Your Company's future looks stronger than ever. We are ready for the challenges that will come. We have the people, we have the customers, we have the capacity, we have the financial strength, and most of all, we have the continued support of our shareholders who will support continued growth of LSI in the future. Sincerely,

Robert J. Ready Chairman, President and CEO

3

