Dear Shareholders
T
he past year has been one of the most challenging in my forty year career. Since September 11th we have experienced a business attitude I have never seen before. In many ways the type of changes that have occurred have brought our companies together in a more positive way than ever before. To me, it has proven that LSI has the kind of foundation that can weather all kinds of business climate changes, including the one we are experiencing today. LSI's reported financial results were very good when compared to last year and when considering the general economic softness that prevails. Net sales of $259.3 million, a record high, were up 11% from last year's net sales of $233.9 million. Both segments of the business reported growth, with the Image Segment up 12% to $164.4 million and the Commercial / Industrial Lighting Segment up 9% to $94.9 million. Income from continuing operations of $14.2 million was up 34% from the $10.6 million reported last year. Earnings per share of $0.88 were similarly up 31% from last year's EPS of $0.67. Finally, LSI continued to build shareholders' equity, now at $139.3 million, while continuing both to invest for the growth of the business and pay cash dividends with a current yield of more than 2%. While all of these performance indicators are much improved over the prior year, LSI faces many challenges to growth next year, including general economic softness. The overall vision and business strategies of LSI are intact and we have made several improvements in the operations. We have developed new directions in the marketing of our lighting products over the past year. During the fourth quarter the Commercial / Industrial Lighting Segment made significant changes in its sales force of

LSI PETROLEUM ­ LSI SGI INTEGRATED GRAPHIC SYSTEMS ­ LIGHTING AND GRAPHICS Site lighting, canopy lighting, fascia and dispenser signage and graphics all result in a powerful image that attracts customers and improves safety and security.

2

The true meaning of the LSI logo, Leadership, Strength, and Innovation, will be hallmark characteristics of this company and its employees for years to come.

LSI LIGHTRON ­ RETAIL LIGHTING Interior lighting complements the architectural design, visually enhances shopping areas, and highlights entrances, signage and merchandise.

LSI LIGHTRON ­ NEW FACILITY All of Lightron's operations, sales and customer service, engineering and manufacturing of commercial lighting products are now located in this new, efficient facility in New Windsor, New York.
3

THE MARKETING CENTER
The Marketing Center offers the visitor an overview of LSI Industries' products, capabilities and services. It shows the variety of markets LSI participates and how combining lighting and graphics creates image and value to our customers.

LSI AUTHENTIC ABOLITE LIGHTING ­ INTERIOR LIGHTING Architects or designers blend form and function of retro style lighting in restaurants, retail spaces, and commercial and office interiors for effective results.

consolidate marketing lighting products involved all of our lighting companies. There is no question that this direction will make us much stronger and put us in a much more competitive position in the commercial / industrial lighting market. During the last half of fiscal 2002 we made a major tooling investment in LSI MidWest's high volume interior fluorescent product line. This was a much-needed investment, which for the first time allows MidWest to compete in this high volume, but very competitive market. After nine months of difficulty with weather, contractors and delays, our newest lighting acquisition, LSI Lightron, was able to move and establish operations in its new manufacturing facility. Originally we hoped to move Lightron into this new, highly efficient plant in our third quarter. The actual move occurred in June, which detracted from our efforts to have a stronger fourth quarter. This is all behind us, and each day Lightron is getting back on track to a stronger shipping schedule.

manufacturing rep agencies. We had the opportunity to improve our sales efforts in low performing territories, which we believe will pay dividends by improving our C&I revenues in fiscal 2003. We also took major organizational steps in the fourth quarter to pull our entire C&I product line together to help provide our sales representatives a stronger outdoor and indoor lighting package. This move to
4

One of the greatest disappointments of the year was the fourth quarter slowdown in our Image Segment, specifically in the petroleum market. For the past two years we have been working on a number of major oil company re-imaging programs. We spent considerable time working with these companies, and in the first half of fiscal 2002 the re-imaging programs were beginning to ramp up. In February 2002,

the re-imaging programs showed signs of slowing down; in April they just stopped. We believe this sudden change was primarily due to concerns about the Middle East and cash flow demands related to some rather large acquisitions that two of the three major oil giants entered into. We believe this slowdown is temporary and that the re-imaging programs will start back up in the second half of fiscal 2003.

LSI LIGHTING SYSTEMS ­ ARCHITECTURAL LIGHTING Interior and exterior general illumination and focused accent lighting are integral components of an architectural design and statement.
5

It is difficult for us to forecast these major program changes because they can be on one day and off the next. We do not receive accurate forecasts from these customers, so it's almost impossible to give solid guidance to our investors. The petroleum market has been and will continue to be a very important segment of our business. In just six short years, LSI has designed and implemented many innovative product

improvements to become the largest manufacturer of menu board systems in the U.S. The largest image conversion program of fiscal 2002, active in all four quarters and scheduled to run through December 2002, was the Burger King drive-through and interior menu board program. Sales of menu board systems, installation services, and lighting fixtures to Burger King and several of its franchisees were in excess of $23 million in fiscal 2002. We expect first half fiscal 2003 sales to run at a strong, but

6

somewhat lower pace as the program in North America concludes. Obviously the events of fiscal 2002 are unprecedented: 9-11; war with the Al Qaida; the threat of war with Iraq; financial reporting and accounting problems at several Fortune 500 companies; the very unstable state of the stock market; and last but not least, a very slow economy in the manufacturing industry. Most of these conditions, and others, have definitely

affected both our lighting business and our graphics business. LSI is a very strong company and we will rise to all of these challenges. Our people are working more closely together than ever before. We are working on all fronts to maximize sales revenues while at the same time implementing cost controls that should help improve margins even during a down-turned economy. We still have a very focused interest in acquisitions and believe there are some very good small companies that will fit very nicely into the LSI family. Fiscal year 2002 started out to be one our best years, but ended with some of our biggest challenges. There is no question that we are very disappointed in the recent performance of our stock. However, two or three quarters do not change the fundamentals or the fiber of this company. We still have the great people who have helped make this a great company. We believe that we have some of the best opportunities ever in both business segments to grow our business. Despite turbulent times, LSI remains the financially strong and focused company it has always been. The bottom line is that LSI Industries is a great company with a great future. The

LSI GRADY MCCAULEY ­ LSI MIDWEST LIGHTING ­ LIGHTING AND GRAPHICS Work station panels, department signage, floor graphics, fixture toppers, dimensional icons, illuminated backlit graphics and fluorescent lighting all enhance the retail environment.
7

LSI GREENLEE LIGHTING ­ ARCHITECTURAL LANDSCAPE LIGHTING Innovative uplighting and downlighting create a safe and secure environment that is visually appealing.

true meaning of the LSI logo, Leadership, Strength, and Innovation, will be hallmark characteristics of this company and its employees for years to come. I would like to take this opportunity to express my genuine thanks to several groups of people. First, to the many dedicated and hard working employees of LSI, without whom we would not have achieved success. Second, to the suppliers of goods and services who contributed to our ability to manufacture high quality products. Third, to our customers who continue to recognize and appreciate that the value-added products and services of LSI are of high quality with good cost of ownership value. And obviously, to our shareholders who know the LSI business strategy can result in a good return on investment over the longer term. I know these groups all share my hope for continued success and stronger opportunities in the future. Sincerely,

Robert J. Ready Chairman, President and CEO

8

