Leadership. Strength. Innovation. Those are the key values behind the smart vision upon which LSI Industries Inc. was founded when established in 1976. Today LSI demonstrates this in our dedication to advancing technology throughout all aspects of our business. We are a vertically integrated manufacturer who combines integrated technology, design and manufacturing to produce the most efficient, high quality products possible. Everything we build is done right here in one of our US plants. We are committed to advancing solid-state technology to make affordable, high performance, energy efficient lighting and custom graphic products that bring value to our customers. We have a vast offering of innovative solutions for virtually any lighting or graphics application. In addition, we can provide sophisticated lighting and energy management control solutions to help customers manage their energy performance. Further, we can provide design support, engineering, installation and project management for custom graphics rollout programs for today's retail environment. LSI is a U.S. manufacturer with marketing / sales efforts throughout the world with concentration currently on North America, Latin America, Australia, New Zealand, Asia, Europe and the Middle East. Our major markets include the commercial / industrial lighting, petroleum / convenience store, multi-site retail (including automobile dealerships, restaurants and national retail accounts), sports and entertainment markets. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, LSI has facilities in Ohio, Kansas, Kentucky, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Rhode Island, Texas and Montreal, Canada. The Company's common shares are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol LYTS.

Fiscal 2012 has been a year of transition and resilience. While the overall economy remained incredibly challenging and we have witnessed improvements in some but certainly not all markets, our accomplishments this year speak to the heart of how your company is moving forward as we focus on the future. With our unique Lighting and Graphics Equals Image strategy, LSI has been the go to company for the large visual identity programs so important to North America's largest retailers. As we have seen year after year and again in Fiscal 2010 and 2011, these programs can be significant contributors to our financial performance. In a strong economy with positive consumer confidence motivating retailers in all markets towards growth and investment, the formula can be dynamic. This will continue to be an important element to the overall LSI strategy for years to come. The changing world offers new opportunities and LSI is preparing to meet those as well. Last year we celebrated our 35th year in business not by looking back but by looking ahead and building the company that we will be for the next 35 years. A company built on the strength of its employees, its experience, its market relationships and most importantly its technology. Technology in both product solutions and production techniques will be the hallmark of LSI's future success. We consolidated gains made in the lighting business segment during the previous fiscal year through improvement in our commercial / industrial agent base, growth in our combined niche market and national account accounts volume, expanded international lighting business and a general expansion of our Solid State LED product lines. The reemergence of the retail automotive market after several years of dormant dealership business was marked with the introduction of high performance and high output LED solutions which reestablished LSI's leadership in this highly visible market. We replaced the 2011 large program business in the petroleum convenience store lighting market with a broader base of smaller programs awarded and day to day volume earned with the latest generations of new technology products. In this core market alone, over seventy percent of all products sold are based on LED lighting technology that didn't exist a little more than three years ago. We entered the rapidly growing wireless controls and communication market with the acquisition of Virticus in March and added an entirely new element to our ability to compete in the energy focused retrofit business. By combining the strength of our LED lighting product portfolio with this important new controls technology, we have added a critical new dimension to our sales strategies. We introduced new product designs in the LED video display business that enabled us to win the second largest dedicated collegiate football stadium score and video board in the United States at the University of Arkansas. These new product designs have gained LSI new respect in the highly influenced project consultant community and position us well for continued growth with high-performance yet very competitively priced video display products for both sports and commercial applications. Our international opportunities continue to expand as the new LED technology rate of adoption accelerates in response to growing confidence in U.S. developed and manufactured products and the high cost of energy abroad. With growing recognition of the LSI brand in Asia, Australia, and the Middle East, LSI has experienced some of our highest growth in these important regions of the world. Europe remains an untapped opportunity; however, with anticipated

improvements in the general economy over the next several years, we are working to add to our existing base of distribution, service partners and product lines. Fiscal 2012 results were mixed in our Graphics Operation as the overall economic condition led to deferred purchases, delayed projects and fewer overall opportunities ­ particularly in the form of large national rollout programs. We have taken great care to balance right-sized operations that can execute when called upon with a focus on retaining market share. Our plan to expand sales resources and broaden our involvement in additional markets is beginning to show results and will better position the Graphics group regardless of the speed of the rebound of the general economy. We have invested in additional manufacturing capabilities to support current customer activities following the LSI model of vertical integration. The broadening of our in-house production portfolio adds to a key competitive strength of being able to provide the most comprehensive bundle of products and services, with the fewest necessary handoffs in our industry. Our state of the art graphics facilities are uniquely suited to process large volume orders and rollout projects for our nation's largest retailers. The integration of LED technology in our illuminated graphic products is becoming more the standard than the exception and aligns well with LSI's knowledge base and leadership position in LED lighting products. While the North American market for graphics has been weak in recent years, we see strong indications that the demand for new image and remodel activities are on the upswing. LSI is very well positioned to serve retailers in their battle for market share through careful investment in image enhancement. Most importantly fiscal 2012 illustrates the strength of the company beyond the retail based economy. This year the company had no single dominant program on which to build its volume, yet we expanded our workforce, purchased new highly automated production equipment and continued to develop and acquire new technology based solutions for our markets. Our most recent addition, LSI Virticus, is one of the most significant in our Company's history and will have a far reaching impact across both domestic and global markets. With this addition to our previous technology development and manufacturing acquisitions (Saco Technologies in 2006 and AdL in 2009), we have set the stage for a transformation of LSI's brand identity in a worldwide market. As we redefine LSI Industries' place in the markets we serve, we will emphasize our commitment to preserving the foundation of a well-managed, financially strong and creatively unique company with even stronger emphasis on a growing technology base. Through the Leadership, Strength and Innovation that is core to our culture, we move forward in FY2013 continuing our transition to a technology-reliant company with lighting and graphics and the ability to provide the stronger performance our shareholders expect. In closing, our Annual Shareholders' meeting will be held at our corporate headquarters on November 15, at 10:00 a.m. We hope that you will be able to attend and see the new products that will be introduced in 2013.

Sincerely, Robert J. Ready Chairman & CEO Scott D. Ready President

