TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
The conclusion of fiscal 2017 represents the second year of a "Continuous Improvement" phase for LSI under this new management team. Our primary focus these last two years has been on driving down costs and building a solid foundation for accelerated growth. As we entered fiscal 2017, we established five major initiatives for ourselves. Let me report on each of these: 1. SALES GROWTH IN OUR CORE BUSINESS UNITS. During fiscal 2017 we were impacted by unexpected softness in the markets that we serve, particularly in petroleum and retail. As we entered the year, we had anticipated that our markets would grow in the 3-5% range; however, our research shows that the overall markets actually contracted in the 2-3% range. For fiscal 2017, we believe that we maintained our share position in this down market. In fact, we were actually successful in growing sales in several targeted segment and product categories. We were also adversely impacted by the winding down of the large Phillips 66 re-imaging project which has not yet been replaced with another major project. On a very positive note, our LED lighting product sales grew by 20% during the year. LED now represents 78% of our total lighting sales. We launched a number of new LED lighting products during the year, many of which include controls-enhanced solutions. The long-term outlook for the markets that we serve is healthy, and we look forward to a resumption of growth in fiscal 2018. 2. CONTINUED COST IMPROVEMENTS. Our lean efforts continue to provide meaningful savings, although masked by the soft market and by heavy inflation. Our LSI Business System, which utilizes kaizen events and other lean tools to drive continuous improvement in our processes, is now a part of the daily activities at every location. We conducted over 100 kaizen events this past year and can point to numerous areas of improvement. For example, we have reduced lead-times and improved on-time delivery performance to over 94% in our lighting segment. In addition, we invested in new equipment and production processes aimed at improving productivity in all of our facilities. The productivity gains generated from these initiatives are helping to counter the inflationary impact of material and labor inflation that we experienced during the year. Our material costs alone increased at an unprecedented rate of 5-6% during fiscal 2017. Without these inflationary costs, we are confident that our historical annual improvement in gross margin percentage that we have experienced over the past few years would have been achieved again. We implemented two price increases in fiscal 2017 with moderate success. These efforts will continue in fiscal 2018 as we attempt to pass these higher costs along. 3. FACILITY CONSOLIDATION. We closed three facilities during the year (Kansas City, Beaverton and Woonsocket), resulting in lower fixed costs and payroll expenses as we enter fiscal 2018. This initiative represents our largest cost reduction effort to date. The production at these facilities was either moved to another LSI location or to an outside source, serving to improve the utilization and operating leverage of our existing facilities. On a comparable basis, our total square footage has decreased 14.8% since June of 2014. 4. INVESTMENT IN DIGITAL SIGNAGE AND SMART LIGHTING. Our SOARTM Digital Signage Team grew their top line by 100% this past year, propelling our Graphics Segment to a leading position in the high-growth dynamic digital signage space. Our SmartVisionTM initiative continues to expand through the development of key products for connected lighting solutions as well as collaboration with strategic partners in the controls arena. We grew our lighting controls business by 40% during fiscal 2017. We will continue to invest in digital signage and smart lighting in fiscal 2018, as we believe they are strategic for the future of LSI.
Dennis Wells President and Chief Executive Officer Director Ron Stowell Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Emeritus) & Treasurer

5.

EXTERNAL GROWTH THROUGH ACQUISITIONS. During the year we completed the acquisition of Atlas Lighting Products, a manufacturer of high-quality LED lighting products sold into the electrical distribution market. This highly strategic acquisition has served to expand our product offering into the stock and flow portion of the market. In addition to expanding our product offering, we are beginning to benefit from Atlas' Asian sourcing channels throughout the Company. We expect this acquisition to be accretive to LSI during fiscal 2018 and beyond.

Fiscal 2017 was a successful year in moving LSI forward in our "Continuous Improvement" phase. We completed many of the initiatives that we set forth, both external and internal. Importantly, our financial position remains strong. Looking forward to fiscal 2018 and beyond, we remain committed to achieving above market sales and earnings growth, increasing cash dividends, and enhancing shareholder value. We are optimistic about the opportunities ahead. Our two major goals for fiscal 2018 are: 1) driving top-line growth; and 2) resuming our trend of improving the gross margin by two percentage points annually. Our confidence in our ability to grow the top-line comes from: cross-selling opportunities as we enjoy a full year contribution from Atlas; our internal investments in our product portfolio; the revitalization of our sales and marketing efforts; and our expansion into new markets including hospitality and assisted living facilities. We remain committed to delivering this top-line growth with a focus on being a value-added, trusted partner for our customers. We are well-positioned to resume the trend of improving our gross margin by two percentage points per year. During fiscal 2018 we will benefit from a full year contribution of Atlas Lighting Products, a business that enjoys superior gross margins, as well as from cost synergies that will span across the Company resulting from this acquisition. We expect our continuing lean initiatives, combined with pricing strategies that we began to put into place during fiscal 2017, to further contribute to this improvement. I offer a sincere thank you to our customers, employees, sales representatives, distributors, suppliers, directors and shareholders for their support during fiscal 2017, including a warm welcome to our new Atlas partners. We also would like to welcome Robert A. Steele to our Board of Directors and look forward to his continued contributions. We welcome Jim Galeese, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Howard Japlon, Executive Vice President, Human Resources and General Counsel, to the LSI executive management team. Lastly, we want to thank Ronald Stowell for his twenty five years of service as our Chief Financial Officer and wish him and his wife Fran a wonderful retirement.

Respectfully,

Dennis W. Wells President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

