LSI Industries Inc. is an Image Solutions company, dedicated to advancing solid-state LED technology in lighting and graphics applications. We combine integrated technology, design, and manufacturing to supply high quality, environmentally friendly lighting fixtures and graphics elements for commercial, retail and specialty niche market applications. LSI is a U.S. manufacturer with marketing/sales efforts throughout the world with concentration currently on North American, South American, Australian, New Zealand, Asian and European markets.
Building upon its success with its LED lighting fixtures and SmartVision® solid-state LED video boards, LSI is committed to producing affordable, high performance, energy efficient lighting and graphic products for indoor and outdoor use. We have a vast offering of innovative solutions for virtually any lighting or graphics application. Further, we can provide design support, engineering, installation and project management for custom graphic rollout programs for today's retail environment. LSI's major markets are the commercial/industrial lighting, petroleum/convenience store, multi-site retail (including automobile dealerships, restaurants and national retail accounts), sports and entertainment markets. LSI employs approximately 1400 people in facilities located in Ohio, New York, North Carolina, Kansas, Kentucky, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Texas and Montreal, Canada. The Company's common shares are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol LYTS.

While fiscal 2009 was certainly a challenging year for us all, I am pleased to report that the condition of your company remains very strong. Our accomplishments during the past 18 months, despite the difficult economy, have positioned us well to return to the growth-oriented results you have come to expect from LSI Industries. Much of what we have achieved will not show in the traditional financial analysis of the fiscal 2009 results but is critical to transitioning the Company back to a growth-oriented posture for fiscal 2010. These steps will serve to strengthen our performance in fiscal 2010 even within the framework of a changing marketplace. It is encouraging that for the first time in over a year, we are beginning to experience increases in some market opportunities, new roll out programs and steady growth in our solid-state LED products. Our management team has successfully weathered the volatility of our primary markets and has taken steps to "right size" our operations company wide, producing a leaner yet stronger company. We emerge from fiscal 2009 with a strong balance sheet, no long term debt, a current ratio of 4.7 to 1 and shareholders' equity of just over $130 million. Our consistent positive cash position combined with commercial bank facilities providing $45 million in borrowing capacity ensure that we remain prepared to continue to invest in the future. We will use this strength to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions, upgrade facilities and modernize equipment as we improve our production technologies and remain committed to manufacturing products in the United States. Soon we will dedicate a new Technology Education Center located in our Cincinnati Corporate Headquarters. This new resource will be the first of its kind serving all our markets and will be used to demonstrate to customers our many advanced capabilities in Lighting, Graphics and Technology. Our commitment to developing new product technologies and new markets while maintaining and growing our traditional lighting and graphics capabilities is at the core of our strategic growth vision. Our recent acquisition of AdL Technology is another important step to creating innovative solid-state LED lighting, graphics and video product solutions while enhancing our ability to support our own production requirements. The integration of AdL is going well and their business is strong and continues to grow. We are continuing to attract experienced and talented key employees that bring the Company new market opportunities and further improve the efficiency of our cost control strategies, enhance our service levels and accelerate the development of innovative product solutions. We now have LED lighting products introduced to a wide range of specialty niche markets and the broad commercial and industrial lighting market. LSI was awarded one of the largest LED lighting projects in the industry to date during the final weeks of fiscal 2009 and we are now in the process of providing the products and installation services for one of the largest national convenience store customers in the United States.

We believe marquee projects like this, combined with the growing emphasis on energy reduction programs by both industry and the government, will accelerate the adoption of LED lighting by many other customers in the near future. Internationally, we see even more opportunity to provide cost effective solutions to markets that are experiencing higher energy costs and are more quickly embracing the use of the newer LED technology. LSI prototypes are now installed in over a dozen countries outside the United States with several active programs underway. Our international efforts will increase significantly in fiscal 2010. LED product development continues to influence the product solutions offered by our Graphics teams and is playing a significant role in some of the more active programs for the first half of fiscal 2010. We look forward to introducing our new line of menu board systems with LED technology and are well positioned in the developing digital signage area with dynamic indoor and outdoor products for the global markets. There are many areas of traditional printed graphics that will continue to transition to digital delivery methods, a transition for which LSI Graphics is positioned perfectly. Similar to the lighting group, the last eighteen months have almost eliminated large graphics change-over programs. However, as we look into the future, there is an indication that roll-out programs are now being considered by many of our large customers. Given our financial strength and specialized capabilities we are certainly ready to participate in these programs. For our shareholders, we believe cash dividends are an important element in creating shareholder value and accordingly, LSI has paid regular cash dividends since fiscal 1989. As an indication of our confidence in future performance, the indicated annual cash dividend rate for fiscal 2010 has been set at $0.20 per share. In summary, we are guardedly optimistic that general business conditions will improve for LSI Industries as we move into fiscal 2010. We have positioned the Company properly to take advantage of a better market climate while maintaining a very straightforward focus on the fundamental strengths of the Company. For the 33 years that LSI has been in business, we have always been a proactive company. This difficult economy that has existed for the past eighteen months has put LSI into a reactive mode. We are now transitioning from a reactive company back to a proactive company. LSI Industries has the right products, the stable financial platform, the motivated employees, experienced management teams and visionary technology innovation to take advantage of stronger market conditions and an increasing number of opportunities in the future. I look forward to reporting our progress and accomplishments as fiscal 2010 unfolds.

