Leadership. Strength. Innovation. Those are the key values behind the smart vision upon which LSI Industries Inc. was founded when established in 1976. Today LSI demonstrates this in our dedication to advancing technology throughout all aspects of our business. We are a vertically integrated manufacturer who combines integrated technology, design and manufacturing to produce the most efficient, high quality products possible. Everything we build is done right here in one of our US plants. We are committed to advancing solid-state technology to make affordable, high performance, energy efficient lighting and custom graphic products that bring value to our customers. We have a vast offering of innovative solutions for virtually any lighting or graphics application. In addition, we can provide sophisticated lighting and energy management control solutions to help customers manage their energy performance. Further, we can provide design support, engineering, installation and project management for custom graphics rollout programs for today's retail environment. LSI is a U.S. manufacturer with marketing / sales efforts throughout the world with concentration currently on North America, Latin America, Australia, New Zealand, Asia, Europe and the Middle East. Our major markets include the commercial / industrial lighting, petroleum / convenience store, multi-site retail (including automobile dealerships, restaurants and national retail accounts), sports and entertainment markets. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, LSI has facilities in Ohio, Kansas, Kentucky, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Rhode Island, Texas and Montreal, Canada. The Company's common shares are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol LYTS.

A review of the operating results for fiscal 2013 does not begin to reflect the activities or accomplishments of the year. During the past year, we took a hard look internally and determined we needed to both do some house cleaning and invest more in the future. We examined every part of our business, made capital investments where needed, wrote off impaired assets, reserved for obsolete inventory, rationalized manufacturing operations, and examined the requirements of moving toward a more technology-based company. We believe strongly that this stage-setting for the future was needed but it did adversely impact sales and earnings for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2013.

Our Lighting Segment focus for fiscal 2014 will be to introduce a flow of new and important LED lighting products, and expand our presence and market share in both our specialized niche markets and the large commercial and industrial lighting market. At the same time, we have set goals to increase our manufacturing output, lower costs, and improve product quality all on an on-going basis. In addition, our video screen and international businesses are gaining strength and, we believe, have the potential for significant growth over the longer term.

On the lighting side of our business, we focused our investments and resources primarily toward solid-state LED lighting. At our current run rate, nearly 40%of our lighting products are LED-based, and we fully expect this percentage to continue its rapid growth. Moving into LED lighting, which we entered six years ago, has been a multi-year challenge and a sometimes difficult learning experience. This process was not without its complications, and, as a pioneer we found ourselves setting new technical and other standards in many cases. As a leader in LED lighting we learned that there was now a far greater technology aspect to our operations than the conventional manufacturing disciplines we were accustomed to historically. Many new considerations and processes had to be incorporated into our thinking throughout the Company.

With respect to the outlook for fiscal 2014 for graphics, we are optimistic that we will experience double-digit revenue growth and significantly improved profitability. We are seeing increasing activity in all of the major sectors that we serve, including petroleum, QSR, drugstore, retail, and grocery. Each of these sectors has experienced dynamic shifts in how they address their markets as landscapes have shifted to reflect society's changing tastes. The combination of changing go-to-market strategies, combined with the need to refresh aging images, appears to be converging into a very positive environment for the graphics business during fiscal 2014 and beyond. In addition, our Graphics Segment continues to work with the Lighting Segment to provide a more integrated one-stop shopping experience for customers seeking lighting, graphics, and technology. Many customers are implementing vendor consolidation programs, and we are uniquely positioned in the image space to serve this need.

We have been working to set the stage to capture future growth in LED lighting by engineering and introducing new LED products, refining production processes, utilizing our vertically integrated capabilities, developing advanced lighting controls, improving product reliability, revising our warranty programs, and strengthening our selling channels of distribution.

A strong balance sheet has always been a hallmark of LSI. At fiscal year-end we were debt free, our current ratio was 3.4, and shareholders' equity was $142 million. Expected positive cash flow, along with our sound capital structure and $35 million of unused commercial bank credit facilities, will comfortably fund our anticipated capital requirements during fiscal 2014 and beyond.

We are already beginning to see positive results as we enter fiscal 2014. Our new SterlingTM and LegacyTM LED lighting products have received strong acceptance in the marketplace with order rates running substantially above our forecasts. In fact, so much so that we have had to increase manufacturing capacity by adding a second shift. One of our most demanding immediate challenges is to meet order demand. New construction forecasts for 2014 call for increased spending which is, of course, positive for the lighting industry. LED lighting is literally transforming the lighting landscape and we are well-positioned to supply the products and services needed by our customers.

We have paid regular cash dividends since 1989 and know these distributions are important to our shareholders. The indicated annual rate for fiscal 2014 has been set at $0.24 per share, the same as fiscal 2013. We also paid a special dividend of $0.12 per share during fiscal 2013. Subject to actual and forecasted operating results, we would hope to be able to consider an increase in this annual rate when we wrap-up fiscal 2014 and contemplate fiscal 2015.

The graphics side of our business also received a lot of internal attention during the past year. During fiscal 2013 our Graphics Segment continued to see improving demand in the markets we serve, allowing for higher sales and profitability, especially during the second half of the year. Larger programs began to open up, and during the year we completed a major re-imaging initiative with a leading grocer with over 700 stores. With the expectation of stronger demand, we focused our efforts on personnel, technology and equipment. Improvements are continuing in each of these categories.

We truly believe this will be a pivotal year for LSI and look forward to reporting much improved operating results. Our Annual Shareholders' Meeting will be held at our corporate headquarters on November 21st, at 10:00 a.m. We invite you to attend and learn more about our vision for the future.

Sincerely, Robert J. Ready Chairman & CEO Scott D. Ready President

