D E A R

S H A R E H O L D E R S
These new products of the future will have a major positive effect in our lighting and graphic markets. Our history has been one of building and investing in people, products and service that provide a large choice of lighting products and graphic programs which can be used by all the markets we have developed over the past thirty years. I firmly believe that a strong future is built on a strong past with a vision.

T E C H N O L O G Y
LSI Saco Technologies is a worldwide leader in the design and manufacture of LED video displays and solid state Lighting. As one of the founding members of SACO, I can assure you of our passion and commitment to innovation. Over the last 17 years, we have grown tremendously in our product line offering and the markets that we serve. Our products are in use worldwide in sports facilities where we provide high resolution LED video displays and fascia boards; in the entertainment industry where we provide custom high-end video displays and solid state sighting solutions; in the digital signage market where we provide video billboards to major advertising companies, and most recently in the commercial and architectural lighting markets where we provide innovative LED light engines. Always in state of constant technological evolution, we strive to create the most advanced LED solutions without compromising quality. We have a dedicated team of R&D professionals permanently on site to develop new innovations and high-performance next generation products. Now being part of the LSI family,we look forward to the growth that our Technology Segment will bring to the Lighting + Graphics + Technology = Image Solutions corporate vision. Already, our combined efforts with the LSI Lighting and LSI Graphics Segments have come to fruition. We have developed our own content management and delivery software for the digital signage market that allows customers to manage their entire network from a single location. This ties right into LSI Graphics Solutions Plus' expertise in content management and digital signage platforms to bring us to a full turnkey solution. Another exciting area is our work with LSI Lighting Solutions Plus, where we have developed innovative white light and full color light engines that stand to change the face of traditional lighting. We are excited about the year ahead and the opportunities that are to come. Our dedication to quality, reliability, and stateof- the-art technology has been proven by our successes and has earned us our place as a worldwide leader. I am confident that we will continue our tradition of innovation and together, with the Lighting and Graphics Segments, we are set to propel LSI Industries to new heights.

Thirty years ago, November of 1976, LSI opened its doors in a 2000 sq. ft. building with seven employees. The vision for the new company was to bring to the North American market a niche outdoor lighting company that had a different attitude in doing business. We established an approach that focused on people, product and service that was different than our competitors in the lighting industry. Over these past thirty years we have developed a company that, in my opinion, truly has a unique strategy. We have combined lighting, graphics, and technology to provide products, programs and services to the large retail segment of our economy. In addition, we have successfully entered the large commercial / industrial lighting market. We have developed from a small company that provided outdoor lighting to the petroleum service station market to a company that provides energy-efficient image, lighting and graphics solutions to a variety of markets. As we move into fiscal 2007, we have added a major technology capability that will influence the future of many of our lighting products and retail and commercial markets. The acquisition of Saco Technologies, with its solidstate LED product line and ability to develop new products will open many opportunities for LSI. Our three business segments Lighting, Graphics, and Technology working together will bring new products and services with strong growth potential to our established markets. We have positioned our company to develop the next generation of lighting products using this highly efficient energy-saving light source called LED (light emitting diode).

Sincerely, Robert J. Ready Chairman, President and CEO LSI Industries Inc.

Sincerely, Fred Jalbout President LSI Technology Solutions Plus

3

L I G H T I N G
LSI Industries Inc. continues to meet with success as it expands its solid base of business and growth potential based on its lighting markets. Our ability to develop a concurrent multi-market approach has allowed us to implement a strategy that constantly expands our opportunities with innovative energyefficient product designs and an ever-broadening product offering that continues to serve existing customers while at the same time providing the platform to establish new niche markets. This strategy allows us reduce our dependence on any one market, and keeps us in a strong position to benefit from the cyclical activity that large national rollout programs provide. Fiscal 2006 has been a year of gathering momentum for LSI Lighting Solutions Plus. We have produced strong revenue and income growth, improved levels of internal performance and a superior level of customer service. We look forward to fiscal 2007 with all lighting facilities now operating on our single unified ERP system. We have a strong platform on which to control costs, increase manufacturing efficiencies, expand capacities, and further improve service levels. We enter the year with strong order backlogs and a stable agent sales force enthusiastic about LSI's penetration of the commercial / industrial lighting market. We continue to be recognized by the largest national retailers in petroleum, automotive, and retail markets as the company that they count on, along with LSI's Graphics and Technology businesses, to support important elements of their image enhancement programs set to roll out over the next twenty-four months. Much of what we have accomplished over the last 30 years is the result of our commitment to product innovation and the belief that the integration of leading-edge technology in our products is the key to our future. The addition of LSI Saco to our company marks the beginning of the next chapter for LSI Lighting Solutions Plus. Together, we will develop solid-state lighting using LED technology to produce long life, low maintenance, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly lighting products that will, in time replace many of the light sources currently in use today. With over a year of development work between the LSI and Saco teams already under our belt, the tremendous potential offered by solid-state lighting is clear. With a combined effort from LSI's Lighting, Graphics and Technology Segments, your company is poised to play a significant role in bringing this LED technology to market.
NET SALES Lighting Segment
$ Millions

G R A P H I C S

With records set in fiscal 2005 by the Graphics Segment, fiscal 2006 became a difficult challenge for continuing the growth pattern for the fifth straight year. We were only partially able to replace the large volume programs of 2005 and with some programs in the second half of fiscal 2006 in a delay mode, the year finished off below target. Moving forward into fiscal 2007, those previously delayed programs are now fully in the system and proceeding forward. Additionally, new projects are on their way, including our largest menu board program ever. Future opportunities are enhanced with the addition of LSI Saco Technologies. As we start a plan to capitalize on the solid-state LED talents of LSI Saco Technologies, the new horizons look bright. The ability to build new, unique and revolutionary products, and to become involved with new and very exciting market segments, along with a bigger customer base, speaks volumes towards our future. The Graphics Segment currently has all of our assets, people, plants and equipment fully utilized to near maximum levels. We remain on the acquisition path which will lead us to additional customers, resources, technologies and new markets. We continue to make capital investments in the business to keep pace with the volume demands of our customers. Today, LSI Graphics Solutions Plus is one of the largest full service graphics businesses in North America. Some of the many strengths in all segments of LSI include our experienced employees,

technical expertise, program management capabilities, financial strength, and facilities. We expect to continue to leverage these proven resources for additional growth and strength in our markets. We enter fiscal 2007 equipped with immense resources and strong backlogs. We look forward to a prosperous fiscal 2007 and beyond.
NET SALES Graphics Segment
$ Millions

OPERATING INCOME Graphics Segment
$ Millions 16

120 90 60 30

12 8 4

OPERATING INCOME Lighting Segment
$ Millions 16

04 05 06

04 05 06

200 150 100 50

12 8 4

Sincerely, David W. McCauley President LSI Graphics Solutions Plus

04 05 06

04 05 06

Sincerely, Scott D. Ready President LSI Lighting Solutions Plus

4

