Leadership. Strength. Innovation. Those are the key values behind the smart vision upon which LSI Industries Inc. was founded when established in 1976. Today LSI demonstrates this in our dedication to advancing technology throughout all aspects of our business. We are a vertically integrated manufacturer who combines integrated technology, design and manufacturing to produce the most efficient, high quality products possible. Everything we build is done right here in one of our US plants. We are committed to advancing solid-state technology to make affordable, high performance, energy efficient lighting and custom graphic products that bring value to our customers. We have a vast offering of innovative solutions for virtually any lighting or graphics application. Further, we can provide design support, engineering, installation and project management for custom graphics rollout programs for today's retail environment. LSI is a U.S. manufacturer with marketing / sales efforts throughout the world with concentration currently on North America, Latin America, Australia, New Zealand, Asia, Europe and the Middle East. Our major markets include the commercial / industrial lighting, petroleum / convenience store, multi-site retail (including automobile dealerships, restaurants and national retail accounts), sports and entertainment markets. Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, LSI has facilities in Ohio, New York, North Carolina, Kansas, Kentucky, Rhode Island, Texas and Montreal, Canada. The Company's common shares are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol LYTS.

I would like to detail our accomplishments during 2011. As you will recall, LSI concluded its 2010 fiscal year in June of last year poised to take advantage of a leaner operations structure, a growing portfolio of technology innovation and an enviable balance sheet. Prospects were encouraging as we established a market leadership position during the most dynamic technology shift to occur in the lighting industry since Edison invented the incandescent light bulb. We saw signs of improvement in general market conditions and set aggressive goals for our team to drive our company to a strong improvement in income performance over the previous two years. We are pleased to present the results of those efforts as the company posted a double digit increase in revenue along with a significant improvement in net income. These gains were the direct result of improved volume, reduced fixed and variable overhead cost structures and growth in the new technology products across the company. Our LED lighting sales grew to nearly 30% of all lighting sold during 2011, reinforcing the positive impact this important new product technology will have on the company's results moving forward. A highlight of the year was our completion of the most extensive single deployment of exterior LED lighting in a retail environment in the world to date. As the world economy continued to struggle to attain some level of consistency, the LSI management team continued to focus on building strength, stability and opportunity in this atmosphere of uncertainty. The financial strength of the company remains as solid as it has ever been with a debt free balance sheet and strong positive cash flow. Our workforce continues to strengthen as our management team gains experience working through the toughest economy we have seen in decades. Additionally, we have taken advantage of the opportunity to draw from the growing pool of available skilled workers that are looking for the stability that LSI can offer. We remain committed to our strategy to be the premier supplier of U.S. manufactured products serving a worldwide market. The lighting segment gained market recognition and market share throughout Fiscal 2011 as Commercial/Industrial market agents continued to look beyond the traditional large lighting company competitors for the kind of quality, service and product innovation from a U.S. manufacturer that they cannot find from their traditional manufacturing partners. LSI is becoming a true preference brand in the commercial lighting market and that means opportunity for the company and its agent partners. Our new product introductions throughout the year continued to demonstrate a real understanding of the markets we serve. In the fourth quarter we launched the latest generation of our LED canopy product line, the Crossover® Gold. With this introduction, we offer the market the best value

available to retrofit LSI's Scottsdale® canopy lighting family, which has been available since 1995 and currently has nearly two million product installations. With the Crossover Gold, we are now in a position to replace these fixtures with a more energy efficient LED lighting solution. While we still must earn every single sale and the rate of conversion is somewhat dependent upon the overall economy, there is no doubt that this represents a tremendous opportunity. The number of visitors to our acclaimed iZone center increased dramatically throughout the year. This, combined with an entirely new website re-design, reinforced our marketing strategy to aggressively promote the LSI story world-wide. We will be expanding the iZone concept into other LSI operations in 2012. On the graphics side, we benefited from the program nature of the business as we wrapped up the largest reimaging program to date during the first half of the year. As a result, Graphics sales grew slightly during the year, but efficiency and cost control improvements resulted in profits that more than doubled over the previous year. However, as expected, this program's conclusion, combined with the overall softness in retail program spending overall, made the second half of the year much more challenging. Much of our product and service offering in graphics is a discretionary purchase and can often be delayed in difficult economic times. However, it is important that we maintain our unique service capabilities to process projects of this magnitude. These capabilities, even in a time of limited demand and right sizing initiatives, are a significant competitive strength for LSI Graphics. Additionally, we continue to invest in our client relationships, work to utilize our network of lighting market relationships and have made changes to our marketing and sales team to respond to the challenge of stalled retail national account market spending. As we look to the future, our strategic plan is set to establish ourselves as a leader in LED technology world-wide. As part of this initiative, we are expanding our International market throughout Europe and the Middle East with our LED technology. As we are now in our 35th year of business, we are proud of the fact that we are one of the few major lighting companies that have kept the manufacturing of these products in the U.S. Our message to our markets is American Innovation ­ American Made. In closing, our Annual Shareholders' meeting will be held at our Corporate headquarters on November 17th. I hope that you will be able to attend and experience the new technology in person. Sincerely, Robert J. Ready Chairman & CEO

