TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
When I wrote this letter one year ago, LSI had completed its "Turnaround Phase" and returned to more profitable operations, increased its cash dividend rate, and strengthened its balance sheet. The year just completed was the first of what I then coined LSI's "Continuous Improvement" phase. Meaning that we would continue, through our well-established LSI Business System, to find ways to drive down costs, increase sales, and improve our competitive position. How did we do? Well, during fiscal 2016 our revenues increased 5%, gross margin was up 180 basis points, and net income advanced 84%. Solid improvement to be sure, but I know we can do better. During the year we introduced new LED lighting and control products; achieved ISO-9001-2015 certification at our lighting facilities; added key senior executives and engineering talent; worked to strengthen our sales and marketing teams; and invested in capital equipment to further improve efficiencies. Looking forward, we believe we are well positioned to deliver top-line growth and an even greater rate of profitability. Succinctly stated, our major initiatives include (1) sales growth in our core business units, (2) continued cost improvements, (3) facility consolidation, (4) investments in digital signage and smart lighting, and (5) external growth through acquisitions. My mission priority, and that of the LSI management team, is to drive industry-superior sales and earnings growth, increase cash dividends, and deliver shareholder value. All the while, we understand and respect that our customer-centric philosophy is of paramount importance as we strive to provide best-in-class service and develop innovative new products. We continue to differentiate our capabilities through our strategy of "Lighting + Graphics + Technology = Image" as a solution to our customers' image needs. Our daily focus is to demonstrate to customers how LSI can be their value-added, trusted partner in developing superior image solutions with our world-class lighting, graphics, and technology capabilities. During fiscal 2016, John K. Morgan joined our Board of Directors. Mr. Morgan served as Chairman, President and CEO of Zep Inc. from October 2007 until his retirement in June 2015. Prior to joining Zep, Mr. Morgan held several positions at Acuity Brands from 2001 through 2007, including Executive Vice President of Acuity Brands and President and CEO of Acuity Specialty Products. We welcome John, and look forward to his contributions. I want to personally offer a sincere thank you to our customers, employees, sales representatives, distributors, suppliers, directors, and shareholders for their support and contributions that made fiscal 2016 a successful year. I look forward to reporting solid and measurable improvements as fiscal year 2017 progresses. Respectfully,

Dennis W. Wells President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

