  2 Southwest Airlines Co. 2004 Annual Report
To Our Shareholders:
In 2004, Southwest Airlines recorded its 32nd consecutive year of profitability, which, we believe, is a record unmatched in the history of the commercial airline industry.
Our 2004 profit of $313 million (or $.38 per diluted share) exceeded our 2003 profit (excluding a special federal government allowance to the airline industry) of $298 million (or $.36 per diluted share) by 5.0 percent.
In fourth quarter 2004, we experienced the unit revenue decline (revenue per available seat mile) that we warned about in our third quarter 2004 earnings press release. This decline was accompanied by an increase of 20.1 percent, net of fuel hedging gains, in our jet fuel price per gallon. Primarily as a consequence of these two items, our fourth quarter 2004 earnings of $56 million (or $.07 per diluted share) were
$10 million, or 15.2 percent, less than our fourth quarter 2003 earnings of $66 million (or $.08 per diluted share).
That this diminution in fourth quarter earnings was principally attributable to intense downward revenue pressures and to significantly enhanced jet fuel prices is evidenced by the fact that our costs per available seat mile, excluding fuel, declined by 4.5 percent, primarily as the result of enhanced productivity.
Since depressed available seat mile yields and higher jet fuel prices were the primary causes of our year over year decline in fourth quarter 2004 earnings, what is the present status of these two earnings variables at the commencement of first quarter 2005?
First, with respect to unit yields, our industry continues to expand available domestic seat miles and, as a consequence, charge ever lower fares in order to fill excess seats. This “oversupply” of industry “product,” at present depressed levels of uninduced passenger demand, is aided and abetted by Chapter 11 airline bankruptcy access as well as extraordinary government and vendor “subsidies” for failing airlines, which together contravene the free enterprise “law” of supply and demand. As a matter of economic doctrine, not allowing high-cost carriers to cease operations enables the continuing sale of ever more seat miles at less than the cost of producing them.
Based on recent events, we presently expect this condition of “oversupply” to persist in first quarter 2005, alleviated, to some extent, by the fact that the Easter Holiday falls in March of 2005, as compared to April in 2004, and by the cost-efficient, somewhat enhanced revenue stream we expect from our recent codesharing agreement with ATA Airlines.
Second, with respect to our jet fuel costs, we are presently protected better than any major domestic carrier. For the entirety of 2005, we are 85 percent hedged with prices capped at the equivalent of $26 per barrel of crude oil. Nonetheless, because prices are presently so high on the
15 percent unhedged portion of our anticipated requirements and because oil refinery spreads for converting crude oil to
jet fuel (there is no futures market for refined jet fuel) are unusually high, we currently anticipate, if these market conditions persist, that our first quarter 2005 jet fuel prices will exceed our average fourth quarter 2004 jet fuel cost of 89.1 cents per gallon.
In December 2004, we were successful in completing a significant transaction with ATA Airlines in its Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceeding. We acquired the rights to six additional gates at Chicago’s Midway Airport, which will soon be fully utilized by added Southwest flights, and a much needed six-bay Midway Airport maintenance hangar. In addition, we agreed to begin codesharing flights with ATA Airlines on February 4, 2005, initially exchanging single-ticketed passengers only at the convenient Midway Airport connecting point between our two airlines, with a limited number of other connecting points to be subsequently added as our respective ground facilities permit. We are, at this writing, already booking codeshare passengers on our respective codesharing flights, and, as mentioned above, we expect this new relationship to augment our first quarter 2005 revenue stream during most of February and all of March.
In May 2004, we entered the Philadelphia market, and
by March 2005, we will be providing nonstop service to
18 cities from Philadelphia, where our reception has been both heartwarming and enormously enthusiastic.
In May of this year, we will begin service to Pittsburgh, which we view as a very promising opportunity since
US Airways has so drastically reduced its service to the Pittsburgh area, in effect disassembling its Pittsburgh hub. Our routes and fares out of Pittsburgh will not be announced until later in the first quarter, but again, the disclosure of our service plan engendered an enthusiastic reception and welcome.
Our financial strength, cost consciousness, and dedicated People support our reception of a net 29 new Boeing 737-700s in 2005 and our available seat mile expansion of approximately ten percent during the year.
We are confident that our People’s awareness of the debilitated condition of the domestic airline industry as a whole and their valorous, wise, energetic, and stouthearted response will enable us to continue as an industry leading carrier providing unprecedented job security, profitsharing, and wellbeing to all of our Employees. Southwest was recently named “Best Low-Cost Carrier” by Business Traveler magazine, which is a tribute to our People’s warm, caring Customer Service (to each other and to our passengers) and to the high quality, low-fare service ideal that we embody and continue to pursue with rigorous vigor.
To all the People of Southwest Airlines, we say a united “thank you.”
January 19, 2005 Most sincerely,
 