also has one of the best overall Customer Service records. LUV is our stock exchange symbol, selected to represent our home at Dallas Love Field, as well as the theme of our Employee and Customer relationships.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS :
In 1999, our magnificent People brought the Freedom to Fly to 57,500,000 Customers originating their journeys in every geographic region of the United States. Leonardo da Vinci conceived powered flight; the Wright brothers invented powered flight; but Southwest’s People have transformed the idea and the invention into an everyday opportunity and reality for the people of the United States. The personal and business lives of the American people have been extended and enriched by this Freedom, and Southwest’s People appropriately take immeasurable pride in doing well for themselves by doing great good for others. Our People are, every day and in every way, emotionally engaged in a compelling cause and crusade: to bring the Freedom to Fly to ever more American people. As evidenced by our 57,500,000 originating Customers in 1999, the Freedom crusade of our People is succeeding, and may it ever be thus.
1999 was Southwest’s 27th consecutive year of profitability; job security; plentiful Profitsharing; and adding value for our Customers and our Shareholders. It was also Southwest’s eighth consecutive year of increased profits. Our 1999 earnings of $474.4 million (a 9.4 percent increase over 1998), however, would have been substantially greater save for one depressant of seminal significance: the rapid escalation of jet fuel prices in the second half of 1999, bringing them close to 1991 Desert Storm levels at the end of the year and the beginning of 2000.
In fourth quarter 1999, on a year-over-year basis, Southwest’s unit revenues (per available seat mile) increased by 1.6 percent and Southwest’s unit costs, excluding fuel, decreased by 1.1 percent. The combination of improved unit revenues and improved unit costs would be an ideal harbinger of improved profitability in 2000 were it not for the uncertainty with respect to jet fuel prices over the course of the year.
Since Southwest can neither control nor predict definitively the level of 2000 jet fuel prices, we have embarked upon a program to offset the potentially adverse effects of greatly enhanced jet fuel costs by increasing unit operating revenues while simultaneously decreasing nonfuel unit costs. If jet fuel costs continue at sharply elevated levels, earnings
 
comparisons will be particularly difficult in the first half of 2000, as our jet fuel expenses in the first half of 1999 were unusually low.
We anticipate that our year 2000 increase in capacity will exceed 12 percent in terms of available seat miles and that we will open at least one other city, in addition to Albany, New York, where service begins to Baltimore/Washington, Orlando, and Las Vegas on May 7, 2000. Our 1999 new city additions of Islip, Long Island; Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina; and Hartford/Springfield, Connecticut, have been exceeding our traffic generation projections.
According to Fortune magazine surveys, Southwest has again been voted one of the most admired companies in the world; the most admired airline in the world; and one of the best places to work in America. All of these encomia are attributable to one shining glory: the devoted excellence of our People. They are our preeminent strength, and their presence and dedication make any time the best of times.
Most sincerely,
Herbert D. Kelleher
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer January 23, 2000
Leonardo da Vinci first envisioned man’s flying in the 15th century. “A bird is an instrument,” he said, “[which is] within the capacity of man to reproduce with all its movements.”
The Freedom to Fly is a 500-year-old dream. The dream that became Southwest Airlines was first envisioned in the 1960s as something very different from other airlines. At the core of the strategy was a belief that shorthaul market needs were not being met. Fares were too high, flight schedules were inconvenient, ticketing was too complicated, and the time required to drive to the airport, park, and takeoff was too long and inconvenient. It was just easier to drive a car. So Herb Kelleher and Rollin King set out to design a shorthaul, intra-Texas airline, with two primary objectives: 1) meeting Customers’ shorthaul travel needs and 2) making fares competitive with the automobile.
  