      2 SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. 2001 ANNUAL REPORT
      TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
“Are you guys ready? Okay. Let’s roll.” – Todd Beamer
February 1, 2002
These heroic words, flung into the macabre face of impending tragedy, were a luminous reflection of the iron character, unquenchable spirit, and inspiring altruism of a noble team leader and player. Todd Beamer’s words and actions, in the scarifying context of the horrific events of September 11, helped to galvanize America into a state of “terrible, swift resolve.”
The airline industry was shut down on September 11 — and many of our planes, crews, and Customers were required to land, and thereafter stay, in unintended places. Communicating with, and taking care of, those Customers, crews, and aircraft, as well as passengers reserved on flights cancelled, was a herculean task. As the passenger carriers resumed service, reuniting planes and crews “legal to fly” into a coherent passenger schedule was another hugely complex and enormously difficult undertaking. And the FAA and the DOT, reacting swiftly and well to the crisis, were engaged in the process of issuing a veritable cascade of new Security Directives profoundly changing the manner in which Customers, luggage, and airplanes were protected and cleared for flight, thus compelling probably 1,000,000 airline employees to learn, and apply, new security procedures on a daily and, sometimes, hourly basis. Meanwhile, much of our industry was simultaneously and furiously absorbed in: (i) borrowing as much cash as quickly as it could; (ii) deferring or canceling scheduled new aircraft deliveries; (iii) determining how many flights it should cut and how many employees it should lay off, furlough, or put on unpaid leave; (iv) speculating how low its fares might have to be in order to induce passengers to fly, in the aftermath of a devastating terrorist attack occurring in the midst of a recession; and (v) pondering the imponderables of: (a) what new business models it might adopt in radically changed circumstances; (b) the vagaries of Chapter 11 proceedings; and (c) how long its tenuous future might be. For the airline industry, this was not merely Dante’s purgatory. It was, indeed, Dante’s pure “hell,” created in one amazing and tragic day.
Southwest was well poised, financially, to withstand the potentially devastating hammer blow of September 11. Why? Because for several decades our leadership philosophy has been: we manage in good times so that our Company, and our People, can be job secure and prosper through bad times. This philosophy served our People and our Company well during the holocaustic economic catastrophe that afflicted the airline industry from 1990 – 94, when the industry, as a totality, lost a cumulative $13 billion and furloughed approximately 120,000 of its employees, while, during that same 1990 – 94 period, Southwest remained 100 percent job secure and produced profits and Profitsharing for our Employees and Shareholders. Once again, after September 11, our philosophy of managing in good times so as to do well in bad times proved a marvelous prophylactic for our Employees and our Shareholders:
1. On September 11, Southwest had $1.0 billion in cash and cash equivalents on hand, enabling us to withstand the severe cash flow drain suffered by all passenger airlines upon recommencement of air service post September 11. Liquidity is good, not bad!
2. On September 11, Southwest had the strongest balance sheet and the highest credit ratings in the American airline industry. As a consequence, we were able to quickly borrow, at reasonable rates, $1.1 billion in order to ensure that we had enough cash on hand to pay our bills; pay our Employees; fund our Employee Profitsharing commitments; make contractually obligated capital expenditures; and guarantee the longevity of our Company and, thus, of our People’s livelihoods. A conservative balance sheet and high credit ratings are good, not bad!
3. On September 11, Southwest had the lowest cost per Available Seat Mile (ASM) flown of any major passenger air carrier. In the sparse ridership, very low-fare airline industry environment subsequent to September 11, our low costs enabled us to compete effectively by offering extremely low fares, while simultaneously reestablishing a positive cash flow (more cash coming in than going out) and, ultimately, even fourth quarter 2001 profitability. Low costs for producing an ASM are good, not bad!
On September 11, our Company had the financial wherewithal to withstand and overcome the dire economic emergency with which it, and our nation, were threatened. But what about our Southwest People, as a whole? How would they respond in an atmosphere of incredulity, fear, sadness, uncertainty, and grave economic jeopardy for themselves and their Company? Here is how they responded:
“Are you guys ready? Okay. LET’S ROLL.”
While still grieving over the events and losses of September 11, our People returned to work with tears in their eyes but resolve in their hearts. They speedily reassembled our airline, after it had been shut down, and got it flowing smoothly again. In a national and Company emergency, they put aside petty complaints and miniscule concerns and both learned, and endured, the multitude of complicated new security measures and procedures mandated by our federal government. And despite the stress and strain of the post September 11 airline industry environment, they smiled, and cared, for their internal and external Customers, while providing superb Customer Service in their usual spirited, joyful, open, warm-hearted, and humanitarian way.

            The combination of farsighted, rather than nearsighted, Company philosophies and policies and of the Southwest People, who are strong, resolved, dedicated, empathetic, resilient, and also farsighted, rather than nearsighted, in their thoughts and actions, brought about the following proud results for Southwest in the post September 11 period:
1. Southwest operated 100 percent of its aircraft capacity and provided 100 percent job security, with no loss of pay for its People from layoffs, furloughs, or unpaid leaves and with no fear by its People of having to reduce their pay or benefits;
2. Southwest was able to fund its year 2000 Employee Profitsharing and fourth quarter 2001 Employee savings plan obligations in the amount of $197.5 million;
3. Southwest inaugurated service to Southern Virginia through Norfolk;
4. Southwest announced additional nonstop service between the following cities, utilizing two previously deferred new aircraft deliveries: Baltimore/Washington to Manchester, Orlando, and Ft. Lauderdale; and Long Island/Islip to Orlando and Ft. Lauderdale; 5. Southwest prepared to implement its first nonstop flights between Chicago’s Midway Airport and both Seattle and Oakland, utilizing four previously deferred new aircraft deliveries;
6. Year over year, Southwest’s fourth quarter 2001 ASM capacity increased by 6.4 percent;
7. Southwest’s Revenue Passenger Mile (RPM) share of the U.S. domestic air passenger market increased by about 2.0 percent in fourth quarter 2001;
8. Excluding fuel costs (which dropped) and despite greatly increased expenses for added security measures and insurance coverage, Southwest reduced its fourth quarter operating expenses per ASM by 2.5 percent;
9. Southwest reported a profit of $511.1 million for the year 2001 (including federal grants and special charges) or $412.9 million (excluding federal grants, special charges, and their related effects), and amended its Profitsharing Plan in order to pay all of its qualified Employees Profitsharing calculated on the higher ($511.1 million), rather than the lower ($412.9 million), profit figure; 10. Southwest actually reported a profit of $63.5 million for fourth quarter 2001 (including federal grants and special charges) or $32.4 million (excluding federal grants, special charges, and their related effects); and
11. Based upon all of the above occurrences and the market’s concomitant faith in a prosperous future for Southwest Airlines, the price of our stock rose, rather than fell, subsequent to September 11.
Including federal grants and special charges, our annual net income declined 18.2 percent to $511.1 million in 2001 (before the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle in 2000), and excluding such grants, charges, and their related effects, our net income declined 34.0 percent to $412.9 million. Seldom does such a significant decline in earnings provide cause for rejoicing on the part of Employees and Shareholders, but, in the case of 2001, it both does and should. Including federal grants and special charges, the other major carriers lost a cumulative total of $7.8 billion in all of 2001 and a cumulative total of $3.3 billion in fourth quarter 2001 alone, reputedly also “furloughing” up to 100,000 employees without pay.
The year 2002 will, in the words of Winston Churchill, demand the expenditure of “blood, toil, tears, and sweat” as our airline and our nation endeavor to recover from the heartrending catastrophe of September 11, which also deepened an already existing domestic economic recession and resulted in the imposition of additional security costs upon our industry as well as enhanced airport processing time upon our industry’s Customers.
We are prepared, and our valorous, good-hearted, and united People are determined that, together, as one, we shall overcome any obstacle and conquer every adversity, and that our magnificent Canyon Blue Boeings will fly at the forefront of our industry as it recovers from the ravages of 2001.
For 2002, our wonderful People’s brave hearts will be both informed and inspired by Todd Beamer’s brave words — and his devotion to the concept of duty with honor:
“LET’S ROLL.”
Most sincerely,
SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. 2001 ANNUAL REPORT 3
   Herbert D. Kelleher Chairman of the Board
James F. Parker
Vice Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Colleen C. Barrett President and
Chief Operating Officer
      