 SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.
2015 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
To our Shareholders:
The year 2015 was a gratifying, successful, and record-setting year. After five years of intense work on five strategic initiatives, 2015 was the first full year to demonstrate results – and the results were superb. Record traffic, record revenues, record profits, and a record year-end stock price (LUV). Southwest® boosted its available seat miles (capacity) 43 percent since 2010, driven by the acquisition of AirTran in 2011. And, Southwest achieved an all-time high pre-tax return on invested capital, excluding special items1 (ROIC), of 32.7 percent. All combined, since 2010, Shareholder value has increased more than 3 fold; dividends per share have increased more than 16 fold; and $4.3 billion has been returned to Shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. Southwest has transformed, as the results so clearly demonstrate. Our results were further enhanced by dramatically lower jet fuel costs, driven by a collapse in oil prices. It was our 43rd consecutive year of profitability, an unprecedented achievement in the domestic airline industry.
Our 2015 net income was a record $2.2 billion, or $3.27 per diluted share, easily surpassing the previous record, set a year ago. Excluding special items, our record 2015 earnings were $2.4 billion, or $3.52 per diluted share, which was 75.1 percent higher compared with 2014.
Total operating revenues were up 6.5 percent to $19.8 billion, on a healthy capacity increase of 7.2 percent, compared with 2014. Given the continuing sluggishness of the overall domestic economy, our 2015 capacity increase appears aggressive, at first blush; however, Southwest capitalized on several secular opportunities that converged in 2014/2015. First, the long-awaited October 2014 repeal of the domestic restrictions at Dallas Love Field allowed us to increase the flight activity at Love by 50 percent resulting in over half of our year-over-year capacity growth in 2015. Our Dallas market presence, coupled with the pent up demand for low fares, drove a nearly 150 percent increase in our traffic (as measured by revenue passenger miles), and an extraordinary, all-around success with our Dallas Love Field expansion.
Next, we were able to acquire scarce slots and gates at Washington Reagan National and New York LaGuardia Airports, adding 28 and 6 daily flights, respectively. While we don’t have the presence in these two airports we have in the DFW Metroplex, we are very pleased with the performance of these new flights.
Following the integration of AirTran into Southwest in 2014, including the launch of Southwest international service in July 2014, we opened four new international destinations in 2015: San Jose, Costa Rica; Puerto Vallarta, Mexico; Belize City, Belize; and Liberia, Costa Rica. These destinations were timed in 2015 to support the opening of
1 Additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures is included in the accompanying Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015.

a brand new five-gate international terminal and customs facility at Houston’s William P. Hobby Airport in October 2015. That marked the first international scheduled service out of Hobby Airport since 1969.
Finally, the last AirTran branded flights operated on December 28, 2014. So, 2015 represented the first year Southwest operated all of the former AirTran flights in the Southwest livery and brand.
Taken all together, it was an exceptionally ambitious and successful year of network growth and development. Despite the stout increase in capacity, we were able to drive even stronger traffic growth, with load factors increasing in 2015 to an annual record 83.6 percent.
In addition, our award-winning frequent flyer program, Rapid Rewards®, delivered another year of significant revenue growth. Most notably, in July 2015, we were delighted to amend and extend our co-branded credit card agreement with our long-standing Partner, Chase Bank USA, N.A. Since we re-launched Rapid Rewards in 2011, we have more than doubled the membership, the credit card holders, and the revenues from the program.
While operating revenues grew, operating expenses fell due to a 29.1 percent plunge in economic jet fuel costs per gallon. Even excluding jet fuel costs, Southwest compared well with the year ago period as CASM (operating expenses per available seat mile), excluding fuel and special items, was virtually flat. And, 2015 costs included a significant increase in ProfitSharing for our Employees correlating with the increased profits. Of note, the continuing work to modernize the fleet, including the retirement of the Boeing 717s, the accelerated retirement and declining mix of the Boeing 737 Classics, and the increasing mix of Boeing 737-800s, are all continuing to pay dividends in terms of lower fuel burn, lower maintenance, and more seats per departure. Lastly, our fleet utilization was less than optimal during the conversion of AirTran into Southwest. With the conversion behind us, we began to gradually restore our fleet utilization to more historic levels throughout 2015. All combined, we had an excellent cost performance in 2015.
With revenues up and costs down, our operating profit surged 85 percent. That resulted in record cash flow from operations of $3.2 billion and strong free cash flow2 of $1.1 billion. Our financial position strengthened, as did our investment grade credit ratings with an upgrade to Baa1 with Moody’s Investor Service and an upgrade to BBB+ with Fitch Ratings. We were able to return $1.4 billion to Shareholders in 2015 in the form of dividends and share repurchases. And, we were able to maintain strong liquidity with $3.1 billion of cash and short-term investments at year-end 2015, along with a $1 billion, fully-available, bank line-of-credit. In May 2015, our Board of Directors authorized a $1.5 billion share repurchase program and increased the quarterly dividend by 25 percent to $0.075 per share.
We ended the year 2015 with 704 aircraft – all Boeing 737s (B737). By year-end 2014, we completed the retirement of the 88 Boeing 717s acquired via the AirTran
2 Free cash flow is calculated as operating cash flows of $3.24 billion less capital expenditures of $2.04 billion less assets constructed for others of $102 million plus reimbursements for assets constructed for others of $24 million.

acquisition in 2011, and we have successfully placed all of those aircraft on lease or sublease. Currently, we plan to grow the B737 fleet by approximately 15 aircraft in 2016 and estimate year-over-year fleet growth through 2018 of no more than two percent, on average. We plan to grow capacity between five and six percent in 2016, as compared with 2015.
Overall, our near-term outlook is upbeat. We are enjoying one of the strongest starts to a year in over 15 years, in terms of the combination of operational reliability and Customer satisfaction. While the U.S. economy continues to be sluggish, energy prices are low, and travel demand is strong. Industry seat growth is robust, too. We also are encouraged by the continuing growth of our Rapid Rewards program, continuing improvement of our subset of developing markets, and our continuing revenue management enhancements. We will manage our growth carefully, in part by adding fewer new markets, with a goal of producing unit revenue gains in 2016.
As far as new markets are concerned, we are planning on modest 2016 capacity allocations for new service to Cuba, if approved by the U.S. Department of Transportation, and to Long Beach, California. Both of these initiatives fit well within our overall network strategy focused on expanding our presence in North America, boosting our strong presence in California and Florida, and supporting our expansion in the Caribbean. In all, we have close to 50 additional destinations to consider serving within North and South America with the B737. As America’s largest air carrier in terms of originating Customers3, we are in a superb position to continue our growth considering our outstanding service and low operating costs and fares.
Speaking of fares, in 2015 we launched our TransfarencySM advertising campaign, which has been enthusiastically received– except by our competitors! Why? Because we lay bare hidden fees. At Southwest, bags fly free4, there are no change fees5, and we believe we offer the most generous, award-winning frequent flyer program on the planet. All that, in addition to everyday low fares delivered with Hospitality, Southwest style.
Our goals for 2016 are straightforward and consistent with our record-setting 2015: grow earnings; meet or beat 2015’s record ROIC; and continue to improve our Reliability and Hospitality for which we are famous.
At the same time, we continue to invest in the future. Work continues at a vigorous pace on three major initiatives for 2017: as Boeing’s launch customer, delivery of the 737 MAX 8, the successor to the -800; deployment of a new Amadeus Altéa reservations system; and completion of a new five-gate international terminal, along with the launch of international flights originating from that terminal, in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida. We also are monitoring the status of the recent bilateral agreement between the U.S. and Mexico to relax flight restrictions between our two countries. Once approved, we will evaluate these new opportunities with a high priority since a number of city-pair markets are underserved and over-priced as a result of these decades-old restrictions.
3 As measured by the number of originating domestic passengers boarded and based on data available from the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT), as of September 30, 2015.
4 First and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply.
5 Fare differences might apply.

Our People have worked very hard to build Southwest into the extraordinary airline it is today. I am tremendously proud of them and how they persevered through the worst of times in the 2000s. I am overjoyed they are enjoying the fruits of their work and these long-sought best of times. We are all very well aware they don’t last forever, and as our Chairman Emeritus always told us, “we manage in good times to be prepared for the bad times.”
We did just that. We more than just survived the 2000s. We grew; we did not have to retrench. We were profitable; we did not go bankrupt. We were job secure, and added more; we did not furlough or lay off Employees. We were prepared. And now, our People have transformed Southwest so it is stronger and better prepared than ever.
In 1971, the People of Southwest began a low fare revolution. It took time, but it ultimately gave America the Freedom to Fly. Now, the battle to best serve America’s travelers continues with more low fare competition than ever. But it is still only Southwest that fights for the Customer with low fares and great service. With low fares and lots of flights to lots of places. With low fares and Transfarency: no first and second checked bag fees6, no change fees, generous frequent flyer awards with low fares and no second class. After nearly 45 years, Southwest is still a category of one.
Our Purpose is to connect Customers to what’s important in their lives with friendly, reliable, and low-cost air travel. We take great care of our Employees, so they can take great care of our Customers. If we do that well, we can take great care of our Shareholders. And, we have. Whether it’s 45 years or the last 15, no domestic airline has performed better. For the 22nd consecutive year, Southwest has been named to FORTUNE’s list of World’s Most Admired Companies, coming in again at #7. Please know it is our Vision to become the world’s most loved, most flown, and most profitable airline. It is a passionate pursuit, and our People won’t give up.
As always, I’m extraordinarily proud of our People for these record results. Please join me in thanking them.
Sincerely,
Gary C. Kelly
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer March 15, 2016
      6 Size and weight limits apply. Some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances.
