 To Our Shareholders:
The year 2000 was another “championship season” for all of Southwest’s fans: our Employees; our Shareholders; and our Customers. And these three “groups” have a wonderfully synergistic interrelationship at Southwest: collectively our Employees are our single largest share and stock option holders and are also our beloved Customers; our Shareholders are, to a great extent, our Employees and Customers; and our Customers are, of course, in many instances Employees and Shareholders. Employees, Shareholders, and Customers all get a championship ring for the year 2000, but no more than one per person!
2000 was Southwest’s 28th consecutive year of profitability; job security; plentiful Profitsharing; and of adding value for our Employees — Shareholders — Customers. It was also Southwest’s ninth consecutive year of increased profits. Our 2000 earnings of $625.2 million (a 31.8 percent increase over 1999) are in significant part attributable to our fuel hedging program, which produced a $113.5 million offset to the aggregate cost of greatly enhanced jet fuel prices. We are 80 percent hedged on our anticipated 2001 jet fuel requirements at an average price of $22.00 per barrel of crude oil (at this writing, the market price for crude oil in the United States is $32.19 per barrel).
Our fourth quarter 2000 earnings increased by 64.9 percent to $154.7 million, which we presently regard as a favorable augury for our 2001 financial results, in light of our 80 percent hedge position. We currently anticipate that the expansion rate of the domestic economy will somewhat diminish in 2001 but that any consequent general decline in air traffic demand will be offset at Southwest by the fact that we now provide approximately 90 percent of all of the low-fare airline competition in the United States of America. In past economic slowdowns, Southwest’s traffic levels and unit revenues have been sustained by an influx of more cost conscious air travelers.
  
We will commence service to West Palm Beach on January 21, 2001, and expand our available seat mile capacity by approximately 11 percent for the year.
The year 2000, and particularly its fourth quarter, proved to be a very trying time for much of the airline industry but a triumphant time for the “fans” of Southwest, our Employees — Shareholders — Customers. This championship performance was produced by our Employees’ diligent dedication to maintaining low costs, and thus low fares, and to providing high-spirited and winning Customer Service to themselves and to our passengers. The unity, altruism, and results-oriented focus of our People are both my joy and my pride as we enter our 30th year of commercial air service — and as we herald the commencement of the millennium with our new “Canyon Blue” exteriors and “Canyon Blue” and “Saddle Tan” full-leather interiors on our growing fleet of aircraft. We have introduced a new aesthetic for a new millennium, and an integral part of its purpose is to refresh and honor our People who, without doubt, are the Greatest Generation in the History of the Airline Industry!
Most sincerely,
Herbert D. Kelleher
Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer January 20, 2001
   