  2 SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. ANNUAL REPORT 2007
 To Our Shareholders:
The year 2007 turned out to be momentous for Southwest Airlines. We encountered a variety of financial challenges unforeseen a year ago. Nevertheless, we were well prepared and recorded our 35th consecutive year of profitability, a record unmatched in commercial airline history.
Our 2007 GAAP net income was $645 million, or $.84 per diluted share, compared to $499 million, or $.61 per diluted share, for 2006. Each year includes special items (in particular inclusion of unrealized gains or losses as required by Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 133, “Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities” related to our successful fuel hedging activities). Excluding the special items from both years produces a year-over-year profit decline of 18.5 percent to $471 million and earnings per diluted share decline of 12.9 percent to $.61.
Earnings declines are always unwelcome. However, steeply rising energy prices continued to be a challenge to overcome completely, and revenue trends, which were very encouraging in 2006, slowed considerably in 2007. Overall, domestic air traffic growth has been anemic the last two years. And while we were able to grow unit revenues (revenues per available seat mile) by 0.9 percent in 2007 versus 2006, it was not sufficient to offset unit cost increases of 3.3 percent (excluding special items in both years).
Jet fuel prices have been rising every year for the last five years. Our fuel hedging program has consistently mitigated such price increases dating back to year 2000. Since then, in each year, we have striven to hedge at least 70 percent of our consumption. In 2007, we were approximately 90 percent protected at approximately $51 a barrel. That protection saved us $727 million last year and limited us to an 11.3 percent increase in the economic cost per gallon, year-over-year.
It was, indeed, a wild year for energy prices. A year ago, crude oil was hovering around $50 a barrel. By fourth quarter 2007, crude oil prices had skyrocketed to $100 a barrel. Fortunately, we are again well-hedged for 2008 with approximately 70 percent of our fuel needs protected at approximately $51 a barrel.
In general, the domestic air travel environment today reflects higher fares (to offset higher energy costs) accompanied by more delays and cancellations. Our Brand sets us apart by offering low fares and excellent Customer Service. In a year of multitudinous reports of poor airline service, it is notable that our ontime performance was among the best in the industry and as good as the year before. Our flight cancellations were no more than one percent of flights scheduled, also consistent with the year before, and we were, once again, among the industry’s leaders in terms of Customer Satisfaction, or fewest complaints filed with the U.S. Department of Transportation per 100,000 Customers.
In fall 2007, we launched a major initiative to further enhance our Brand through an improved Customer Airport Experience, as well as to drive more revenue per departure. After extensive study and Customer research, we elected to stay with our famous open seating but to improve our boarding process with a reserved place in the boarding line. Our new way to board reduces the time Customers spend in queue, and they love it. We also modified and simplified our fare structure and southwest.com® presentation. This change, along with our new boarding process, enabled us to offer Business Select,TM which allows Customers to be among the first to board the aircraft; earn additional Rapid Rewards credit; and receive a complimentary cocktail. In short, we now give Customers more choices when they fly. We also enhanced our Rapid Rewards program by virtually guaranteeing an “A” boarding pass to our most frequent flyers and by creating Freedom Awards,TM which carry no seat restrictions other than a few blackout dates. Customer feedback has been very positive based on the early returns.
These changes lay the foundation for future enhancements and initiatives. Our goals are to enhance the overall Customer Experience; appeal to more business travelers; and drive more revenue per flight. We have significant technology projects under construction, to be implemented in 2008 and 2009, that support these

  goals. These projects range from foundational to frontline; from southwest.com to Rapid Rewards to international codeshare. Achieving these goals is critical to our drive to maintain our Low-Fare Brand while producing satisfactory financial results.
The U.S. domestic airline revenue growth rate clearly slowed in 2007, and concerns abound regarding the overall health of our domestic economy for 2008. Given these concerns, coupled with sky-high energy prices, we decided to slow our fleet growth in 2008 to a planned net seven aircraft, for an anticipated ASM increase of four to five percent. We have already seen benefits from trimming unproductive flights from our fourth quarter 2007 flight schedule, as the increase in energy costs over the last several years has changed the profit equation on our marginal flights. We have more such adjustments implemented in our May 2008 flight schedule.
On the other hand, even with higher operating costs, we remain the industry’s low-cost producer, and there is significant economic demand for new Southwest flights. Denver rejoined the Southwest schedule in January 2006 and has proved to be a very large and rapidly developing market. In our May 2008 schedule, we will grow to 79 daily departures from just 13 in January 2006. Likewise, we restarted service to San Francisco International Airport in August 2007. We are already up to 26 daily departures, soon to be at 35, with load factors consistent with our overall system average. We are delighted and encouraged with these very strong results.
While our nearterm outlook is cautious, we are prepared for bad times, and our longterm outlook is enthusiastic. Our People have Warrior Spirits, Servants’ Hearts, and Fun-LUVing Attitudes. They are the source of all that is good about Southwest Airlines. We are most grateful to them for our 2007 results; for embracing necessary change; and for stepping up to the challenge, once more. They are the key to our success and the reason we are confident about the future of Southwest Airlines.
January 23, 2008
SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. ANNUAL REPORT 2007 3
     Gary C. Kelly
Chief Executive Officer
Herbert D. Kelleher Executive Chairman
    Colleen C. Barrett President
 