 SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.
2014 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
To our Shareholders:
The year 2014 was historic for Southwest Airlines, the culmination of years’ worth of hard work. It was our 42nd consecutive year of profitability, an unprecedented feat for the airline industry. Our 2014 net income of $1.1 billion easily surpassed the previous annual record in 2013. Excluding special items1, Southwest’s record earnings surged over 73 percent, compared with 2013. Along with it, Southwest’s common stock (LUV) surged 125 percent to a year-end record $42.32 per share, making it the number one performer of the S&P 500, and besting the previous 2001 record closing price per share by almost double. It is not dramatic to say that Southwest was transformed in 2014 through the launch of international service; the repeal of the Wright Amendment; the acquisition of slots at Washington Reagan National and New York LaGuardia Airports; and the completion of the AirTran integration (which was acquired in 2011). Other strategic initiatives launched since 2010 also helped propel our earnings performance, including our Rapid Rewards® frequent flyer program, the addition of the Boeing 737-800 model, and our fleet modernization program. To commemorate the historic year, record results, and transformation, we unveiled a bold new look for our aircraft and branding. We believe the completion of the ambitious strategy to transform, along with the record results, positions Southwest exceptionally well for the future.
Our record 2014 net income was $1.1 billion, or $1.64 per diluted share. Excluding special items, our record 2014 earnings were $1.4 billion, or $2.01 per diluted share. Operating income increased 74.1 percent, compared with 2013, to a record $2.2 billion. Excluding special items, our operating income was $2.4 billion, an increase of 64.9 percent, compared with 2013. Our annual pre-tax return on invested capital, excluding special items (ROIC), was 21.2 percent, an increase of 8.1 points compared with 2013, and ahead of our minimum 15 percent target.
Total operating revenues were a record $18.6 billion, an increase of 5.1 percent compared with 2013. The 2014 results were driven by a solid 2.0 percent increase in passenger revenue yield and a 2.4 point increase in load factor, with capacity up just one-half percent, all compared with 2013. Our operating revenues per available seat mile, passenger revenue yield, and load factor were all record performances. Southwest has worked hard to optimize the combined AirTran and Southwest route networks, with superb results. And, the revenue generated from our strategic initiatives (AirTran acquisition, Rapid Rewards, Fleet Modernization, B737-800) has exceeded our expectations. Finally, the strong revenue results were achieved despite the significant mix of developmental routes generated from the AirTran integration, the Dallas Love Field expansion, and the slots acquired at LaGuardia and Reagan National.
1 Additional information regarding non-GAAP financial measures is included in the accompanying Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014.

While operating revenues grew 5.1 percent, total operating costs were virtually flat, primarily because of declines in jet fuel prices, along with decreases in aircraft maintenance and aircraft rentals. Even excluding the welcome drop in fuel prices, our cost performance was solid, especially considering a record $355 million contribution to the ProfitSharing Plan for 2014. The strategic efforts to control unit costs by modernizing and up-gauging the fleet are producing as planned.
In 2014, our financial position strengthened, and we were able to return significant value to our Shareholders. We have long led the industry in these two categories, consistent with our unmatched record of consecutive profitability. At December 31, 2014, our cash and short-term investments were a strong $3 billion, with a fully-available bank line-of-credit. In May 2014, our Board of Directors authorized a $1 billion share repurchase program and increased the quarterly dividend by 50 percent to $.06 per share.
These actions enabled Southwest to return virtually all of our strong free cash flow2 of approximately $1.1 billion to Shareholders through repurchases of $955 million of common stock (33 million shares) and payment of $139 million in dividends. In 2014, Southwest repaid $261 million of long-term debt and capital lease obligations, net of the new issuance of long- term debt. The net effect on our debt-to-total-capital ratio (including aircraft leases) was a reduction to approximately 35 percent at year end 2014. Southwest has maintained an investment grade credit rating since 1986, earning upgrades in 2014. We remained the only investment grade-rated U.S. airline by all three credit rating agencies.
In the course of completing the AirTran integration, along with the implementation of international capabilities at Southwest, we converted seven AirTran destinations to Southwest service in 2014: Aruba, Montego Bay, the Bahamas, Cancun, Mexico City, Cabo San Lucas, and Punta Cana. On March 7, 2015, we successfully launched service to San Jose, Costa Rica. In 2015, we also plan to add service to Puerto Vallarta in June; and, subject to government approvals, Belize City in October. We are looking forward to the completion of a new five- gate international terminal at Houston’s Hobby Airport, scheduled to be completed in the second half of this year, allowing us to commence nonstop international service from Houston to four destinations in Mexico, to Belize City, Belize, and to San Jose, Costa Rica, each beginning October 2015 and subject to required governmental approvals. Our new near- international flights, along with Southwest’s new service at Love Field, Reagan National, and LaGuardia, will generate the vast majority of our expected available seat mile growth of approximately seven percent in 2015, compared with 2014. We project to end 2015 with approximately 700 aircraft in our fleet, all Boeing 737s. We will also restore the utilization of our fleet to more historic levels as a function of the completion of the AirTran aircraft conversion process and our fleet modernization efforts, which is a very cost-effective means of growing trips and seats.
While the U.S. economy continues to produce modest but steady growth, the big news has been the collapse in oil and jet fuel prices. It is welcome, but we remain wary of volatility.
2 Free cash flow is calculated as operating cash flows of $2.90 billion less capital expenditures of $1.75 billion less assets constructed for others of $80 million plus reimbursements for assets constructed for others of $27 million.

As of January 22, 2015, we had un-hedged this year’s fuel hedging positions, and substantially reduced future years’ positions. We will continue to carefully manage our fuel hedging portfolio to minimize the ever present risk of rising fuel prices.
As before the collapse in oil prices, we plan to prudently grow our B737 fleet after this year in pursuit of numerous attractive growth opportunities. We have close to 50 additional destinations to consider serving to and from the United States with the B737. In addition, we have attractive opportunities to grow domestically and leverage our position as America’s largest airline, in terms of originating Customers3.
Our goals for 2015 are straightforward: grow earnings, meet or beat 2014’s ROIC, and improve upon our already-exceptional service with enhanced Hospitality and Reliability. While the strategic initiatives of the past four years are essentially complete (or being implemented), work remains, this year and beyond, to fine-tune the changes implemented and to complete the replacement of our reservation system. Beyond 2015, our objectives are to sustain the strong earnings momentum, grow the airline at a sensible rate, and continue to enhance our Customer Service and Experience.
I am enormously proud of our People. These are truly remarkable 2014 results, and they would not have been possible without the Warrior Spirits of our People. It has been a long, decade-plus period of challenges and change. They not only survived it without resorting to bankruptcy, they also delivered Shareholder returns and built a better airline. Now, through their hard work, they have positioned Southwest stronger than ever, and with future opportunities we believe are brighter than ever.
In 1971, Southwest set out to democratize the skies by offering low fares, but with great service. We did that. Our Purpose, then and now, is to connect Customers to what’s important in their lives with friendly, reliable, and low-cost air travel. Today, our Vision is to become the World’s Most Loved, Most Flown, and Most Profitable Airline. Air Transport World bestowed the terrific honor on our People as “2015 Airline of the Year” for their 2014 performance. And, for the 21st consecutive year, Southwest was recently named to FORTUNE’s list of World’s Most Admired Companies – the only airline to rank in the Top Ten. As always, but even more so for 2014, I am extraordinarily proud of our People. Please join me in thanking them.
Gary C. Kelly
Chairman of the Board, President, and Chief Executive Officer
March 15, 2015
3 As measured by the number of originating domestic passengers boarded and based on data available from the U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT), as of September 30, 2014.
 