  To My Fellow Shareholders,
Once again in 2015, Lexmark made significant progress in its ongoing transformation. Beginning in 2010, we began making strategic acquisitions that have significantly expanded our leadership in enterprise software, adding an important capability to our leadership in smart laser multifunction products (MFPs) and managed print services (MPS) — always with a relentless focus on better serving our customers. Our commitment to our shareholders, customers and employees is as strong as ever, even as we continue to consider the best path forward for the company.
Continued Software Expansion and Industry Recognition
Lexmark brings to market the powerful combination of technology ownership, industry expertise and customer engagement to deliver solutions of superior value. Our offering is unique in the industry, and, in 2015, we further expanded it with the acquisition of Kofax, a leading provider of smart process software applications. The Kofax acquisition nearly doubled the size of Lexmark Enterprise Software to an approximately $700 million run-rate business, and immediately enhanced Lexmark’s industry- leading enterprise content management and business process management offerings.
Lexmark’s development of world-class imaging and software solutions continued to impress the indus- try’s most influential market analyst firms in 2015. Throughout the year these firms positioned Lexmark as a leader in their key evaluations. Accolades for our technology leadership in imaging range from smart MFPs to multiple honors for our MPS offerings, and Enterprise Software also received top billing in key evaluations for the year – varying from enterprise search to enterprise content management and healthcare content management.
Strategic Progress Reflected in Financial Performance
Lexmark delivered solid financial performance in 2015, despite significant currency headwinds from the strong U.S. dollar.
The strategic progress we made in 2015 is reflected in the strong performance of our higher value MPS and Enterprise Software solutions. Lexmark’s higher value solutions revenue grew 24 percent to $1.4 billion, comprising nearly 40 percent of our Core revenue.
2015 marks the 16th consecutive year of growth in MPS, a testament to Lexmark’s differentiated value proposition and high customer retention.
In 2015, Enterprise Software expanded its non-GAAP operating income margin by $95 million, more than tripling the segment’s operating income margin percentage for the year. We have long had our sights set on aggressively growing Enterprise Software revenue to $500 million and on delivering 25 percent segment non-GAAP operating income margin exiting 2016. This past year we far exceeded the revenue goal and nearly reached the profit goal a year early, as we exited 2015 at approximately 24 percent.
Paul Rooke
Chairman and CEO

Lexmark continued to take actions to enhance value for shareholders in 2015. In the fourth quarter, we were pleased to reward our shareholders with Lexmark’s 17th consecutive quarterly dividend. Lexmark paid dividends of nearly $90 million in 2015, and the company’s dividend yield ranks it among the top 10 percent of technology companies.
Strategic Alternatives Process Continues with Positive Interest
In October 2015, our Board of Directors announced the commencement of a process to explore strategic alternatives to enhance shareholder value. Lexmark has created significant value through the series of actions that have helped transform the company; however, the Board also believed that undertaking a full review of the company’s strategic alternatives, beyond the operational and financial actions already underway, could unlock additional value for our shareholders. At this time, the evaluation process is ongoing.
Our People Make the Difference
2016 will be our 25th year as Lexmark, and it will be a year of change. One thing that won’t change, however, is Lexmark’s vision of Customers for Life. Over the course of the past 25 years, we’ve seen the technological needs of our customers change, but we’ve never deviated from our vision.
As our company moves through 2016, our employees remain committed to the values that make this company great — dedication to our customers, focus on delivering innovative and impactful technology solutions, and making a difference in the communities where we live and work. These values drive all of us at Lexmark, and they are the essence of what makes our company a great partner for our customers.
To our shareholders, our customers, our business partners and our employees, thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Paul Rooke,
Chairman and CEO Lexmark International, Inc
 