      To my fellow stockholders:
We continued to make important progress in 2005 on our core strategic initiatives, but our financial results for the year were clearly disappointing.
Revenue for the full year was $5.22 billion, down 2 percent compared to 2004. Gross profit margin was 31.3 percent compared to 33.7 percent in 2004. Diluted earnings per share were $2.91, down $1.37 year over year. EPS would have been $3.33 without the tax cost of $0.42 per share resulting from repatriation of $684 million during 2005 under the American Jobs Creation Act.
2005 was a challenging year with highly competitive market conditions. These conditions were particularly acute in the second half of the year.
Over the course of the year, we continued to take steps to improve our competitive position, including lowering prices to improve product positioning. We also took steps to improve our operating efficiency, including reductions in our workforce.
At the same time, despite the impact on short-term financial results, we continued our commitment to investment in research and development. Research and development expenditures were $336 million in 2005. This compares to R&D expenditures of $313 million in 2004, $266 million in 2003 and $248 million in 2002.
We’re seeing the results of our R&D with the introduction of award-winning products into our targeted growth segments. These include photo all-in-one products such as the Lexmark P4350. We’ve also introduced
business inkjet all-in-ones such as the Lexmark X8350, X7350 and X7170, providing powerful performance for small office/home office and small and medium business users. Our new color laser products, including the C520 family, are winning praise from users and reviewers alike. Also winning recognition are our new E series low-end monochrome laser printers and T64x family of monochrome workgroup laser printers, which are helping to strengthen our positioning with small and medium business customers.
We also maintained our commitment to invest in branding and marketing support in 2005. Our enhanced channel support received strong industry recognition and we continued the advertising campaign that we kicked off at the end of 2004.
Overall, despite the challenging competitive and economic environment, we maintained a very strong financial and market position. For 2005, Lexmark had pre-tax profitability of approximately 10 percent, a strong cash position,
Paul J. Curlander
Chairman and CEO

and strong ongoing positive cash flow. During 2005, we also continued to return excess cash to stockholders through $1.07 billion in share repurchases.
For 2006, our objective is to continue to drive improvements in profitability and our cost and expense structure, while maintaining our strategic focus on expanding our product line, technology and market position.
In January 2006, we announced two important actions:
• Implementation of a more rigorous process to improve lifetime profitability and payback on inkjet sales.
• A restructuring plan to improve our cost and expense structure. The plan focuses on consolidation of manufacturing capacity and reduction of costs and expenses in the areas of supply chain, G&A expense and marketing and sales support functions. Effective in April, our U.S. pension plan will be frozen while we increase corporate contributions to our 401(k) program.
In addition to these important steps to improve profitability, we will continue in 2006 to invest to better position ourselves in the growth segments in the market. Our strategy continues to be centered on three strategic initiatives:
• Expand the number and the penetration of product segments in which we participate, including low-end monochrome lasers, color lasers, laser all-in-ones, photo all-in-ones and business inkjet all-in-ones.
• Expand our penetration in key market segments, including solutions/services, small and medium businesses, and the retail channel.
• And, continue to build Lexmark’s brand awareness and brand position.
Looking to the longer term, the distributed output market is growing and presents attractive growth opportunities in segments where Lexmark is currently underrepresented. We have unique strengths in this market and are continuing to strengthen our competitive position through investments in R&D and branding. We have a strong financial position with a strong balance sheet and good cash flow. This financial strength, coupled with the strong products we introduced in 2005, the pipeline of products on the way, and the steps we are taking to focus on more profitable opportunities in inkjet and to restructure our operations, makes us very optimistic about the longer term.
In 2006, Lexmark observes its 15th anniversary as a company. On January 1, 2006, Frank T. Cary, a former IBM chairman and chief executive officer who served as a Lexmark director since 1991, passed away. His leadership and insightful counsel were instrumental in helping to guide our growth and success. Since our 1991 spin-off from IBM, Lexmark has become a leading developer, manufacturer and supplier of printing and imaging solutions for customers in more than 150 countries. As a company, we continue to be guided by a single vision: to win customers for life.
By staying true to this vision, we are confident that we will continue to achieve success in the years ahead.
I want to thank our customers, employees, business partners and investors for your continued support. Sincerely,
Paul J. Curlander
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lexmark International, Inc.
 