   To my fellow shareholders,
I am honored to serve as Lexmark’s third chief executive officer. Lexmark will celebrate its 20th anniversary on March 27, 2011, and I am excited about leading our talented and dedicated team into the years ahead.
2010 was a very good year for Lexmark during which we executed on our strategy, invested in our future, out- performed the competition and improved upon our already strong financial position.
Financially, Lexmark delivered strong revenue and earnings per share growth in 2010. We generated cash from operating activities of more than half a billion dollars, marking the ninth consecutive year we have generated more than $400 million.
Strategically, Lexmark acquired Perceptive Software, a leading provider of enterprise content management (ECM) software. Perceptive Software will play a key part in growing our software and services business.
We also combined our two printing organizations, the Printing Solutions and Services Division (PS&SD) and the Imaging Solutions Division (ISD), into a unified team named Imaging Solutions and Services (ISS). This combi- nation will enable us to bring more value to our customers, more consistency to our offerings, and improve our market approach across the full range of imaging solutions and services we provide.
The formation of ISS and the acquisition of Perceptive Software support Lexmark’s strategy of helping busi- nesses of all sizes by offering them products, solutions and services that enable them to save time and money.
We continued the successful execution of our strategy
Our strong 2010 results were driven by the execution of our strategy to focus on growing our workgroup laser and business inkjet products, and were enhanced by the following actions we have taken over the last several years:
• Expanding and strengthening our laser product line particularly in color lasers and laser multifunction products (MFPs)
• Repositioning our inkjet technology to focus on higher usage business customers
• Significantly expanding our sales in office superstores
• Advancing our managed print services and strengthening our industry workflow solutions capabilities • Restructuring actions taken to position ourselves as a leaner, more focused company worldwide
Our success in these key initiatives leaves us well positioned as the global economy continues to recover.
We invested in our future
We closed on the acquisition of Perceptive Software in June. Perceptive Software builds upon and strength- ens Lexmark’s industry workflow solutions while adding strong content management solutions and services.
It expands Lexmark’s market opportunity by adding a complementary software business to our core imaging business. Our strategy is to accelerate Perceptive Software’s growth by leveraging Lexmark’s global infrastruc- ture and lead generation capability.
Also in 2010, we introduced the new 50page-per-minute X792 Series of color laser MFPs, bringing our count of new laser products introduced to 89 since 2008. This A4 color laser MFP Series strengthens Lexmark’s strategy of disrupting large A3 copiers in the marketplace, offering our customers a space-saving design with full func- tions and features that offer a lower total cost of ownership.
Paul Rooke
President and CEO

We also introduced the new Lexmark Genesis inkjet all-in-one (AIO), featuring our unique and innovative verti- cal design and a new flash scan camera technology. The new flash scan enables instant scan previews to the color touch screen and can transfer a page from document to digital in as few as three seconds. This exciting new AIO was recently named a 2011 CES Innovation Award recipient.
We outperformed our competition
Lexmark gained market share in our key focused segments of workgroup laser and business inkjet and, overall, our revenue growth outperformed the industry.
We believe our improved product line and path to market resulted in about two times the industry average revenue growth. We had good growth in both our color laser and laser MFP units. Our managed print service business grew rapidly as we continued to help our enterprise customers optimize their output environment and improve their paper-based workflows.
In 2010 Lexmark once again gained market share in our target segment of branded A4 workgroup laser. Contin- ued growth in this segment is important to our long-term success as workgroup lasers drive significantly more supplies consumption than low end lasers.
Our inkjet products introduced in 2009 received a positive reception in 2010 as we continued Lexmark’s expan- sion in U.S. office superstores. The strong growth in retail sell out of our Professional Series products enabled us to gain branded unit share here.
Lexmark continued to be a recognized leader in the industry through awards and industry recognition. Accord- ing to our internal assessment for 2010 in the U.S., Lexmark received 24 percent of the industry laser and inkjet awards, almost double the number for the next closest competitor.
We improved upon our already strong financial position
Financially, Lexmark delivered strong revenue growth, greatly expanded our operating income margin, and significantly grew earnings per share. For the year, net cash from operations was more than $500 million, marking the ninth consecutive year exceeding $400 million, and the 18th consecutive year of positive cash flow for the company.
We ended 2010 maintaining our strong financial position with more than $1.2 billion in cash and current market- able securities. These results were achieved through our stronger product portfolio and a leaner, more efficient cost and expense infrastructure.
Our people make the difference
I am extremely proud of our talented and committed teams across the globe. Despite a difficult economic climate, our employees stayed focused on our customers and worked hard to earn their loyalty by listening to them, anticipating their needs, and creating value in their eyes.
As we celebrate our 20th anniversary and a successful 2010, we want to acknowledge Paul Curlander, who will retire from Lexmark and the Board of Directors on April 30, 2011.
Paul has been a large part of Lexmark since our inception as a company in 1991. He was Lexmark’s first gen- eral manager of our printer business in the early 1990s as we were beginning to build our imaging business, became CEO in May of 1998 and chairman of the Board of Directors in April of 1999. Paul has made many significant contributions to our success over the last 20 years, including his vision and leadership in investing in a portfolio of technology, products, solutions, services and software that leave us well positioned for the future. On behalf of the entire Lexmark family, I would like to thank Paul for his leadership and passion for our business and our customers.
I’d like to also thank you, our customers, business partners, employees and investors, for your continued support. I truly believe our best is yet to come.
Sincerely,
Paul Rooke
President and CEO Lexmark International, Inc.
 