To my fellow shareholders:
Despite mixed economic and market
conditions around the world last
year, Lexmark continued to grow
based on the strength of our products
and services and on our unending
commitment to meeting the needs of
our customers.
For the year, revenue was $5.3 billion,
up 12 percent from 2003. Operating
income was $732 million, up 23
percent, and diluted net earnings per
share were $4.28, a year-over-year
increase of 28 percent. For the year, we
continued to see strong cash generation,
with net cash provided by operating
activities of $775 million. Most
encouraging was the double-digit unit
growth for the year in both our laser
printer and inkjet printer shipments.
One of the most important metrics
for Lexmark is our hardware revenue
growth because sales of hardware drive
our future sales of supplies, which is
the profit engine for Lexmark. In 2004,
we had double-digit hardware revenue
growth in every quarter. For the year,
hardware revenue grew 14 percent,
a significant improvement over our 8
percent growth in 2003, and marks our
strongest hardware revenue growth
since 1998.
2004 was not only a strong year in
terms of revenue and profit growth, it
was an important year of investment
in Lexmark’s future. Strategically,
we’re expanding our product line to
enter and increase our presence in
future growth segments such as photo
inkjets, business inkjets, low-end
mono lasers, color lasers and laser
multifunction devices. We’re also
focused on differentiating ourselves
through “easy-to-use” products and
through our corporate solutions and
services business. We see significant
growth opportunities ahead, but these
opportunities require investment.
As a result, we’ve embarked on several
key strategic initiatives to pursue these
opportunities and to drive the long-
term growth of the company. The first
key initiative is to increase our level
of research and development spending
to pursue these additional segments.
The second key initiative is to increase
awareness of Lexmark and to develop
our brand position. We started these
investments in 2004 and will continue
them in 2005. Although these
investments will result in a higher level of
operating expense, they are prudent and
necessary to sustain profitable growth.
As we look to the future, we feel very
optimistic about Lexmark – our position
in the market, our technology, and our
opportunities to grow.
-
We’re exclusively focused in
distributed printing and imaging,
which continues to be a growth
market with attractive opportunities.
-
Our supplies-based business model,
with the majority of our revenue
coming from our recurring core
supplies, provides consistency and
funds future investments.
-
And we believe we are unique in the
market with our vertical integration in
technology and our close interaction
with our customers.
At Lexmark, we have a strong sense of
values, including strong commitments to
the environment, to the diversity of our
workforce, and to the communities in
which we live and work.
As a company, we have a single vision:
Customers For Life. Within Lexmark
there is a strong commitment to meeting
this high standard. Hopefully the
customer stories contained in this report
will be helpful in conveying some of the
impact this commitment has with our
customers. In closing, I would like to
thank our employees and our business
partners for their contributions to our
success, and I would like to express my
gratitude to our shareholders for putting
your continued trust in Lexmark.
Sincerely,
Paul J. Curlander
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 2005