TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS I want to thank our shareholders, employees, sponsors and, of course ­ the people without whom we would not exist ­ the artists and fans, for a tremendous first year as a public company. By the end of 2006, our stock price had more than doubled from the closing price on our first day of trading. We believe you are with us in our vision to transform ourselves into a global, vertically-integrated live music company. As the largest live music company in the world, we are passionate about live music and believe it is an important part of life. We take seriously our role in bringing concerts to fans around the world. The music industry is changing rapidly and historic business models are being challenged. For Live Nation, we believe that this represents a great opportunity. We have a unique and powerful set of virtually unreplicable assets that we believe gives us the foundation to transform ourselves into the next-generation music power player. We believe there are two groups that are gaining strength in the music business ­ the artists and the fans ­ and Live Nation sits directly in between them. Our job is to put the artists and fans together, not just for the night of the live event, but far beyond. Our vision is to build a global live music network that provides the platform for artists to tour and fans to purchase live products directly. Now is the time to execute on this vision and we have already begun to aggressively implement our strategies. We are proud of the progress we have already made in 2006 towards our transformation. We were able to execute on a number of key objectives including: · Establishing a vision focused on the music business · Creating a brand: Live Nation · Driving increased show count and attendance at our events with involvement in nine of the top ten tours of 2006, a record year for the North American concert industry · Implementing a centralized venue management department which increased food and beverage revenue per fan by 10% in 2006 · Beginning to divest of non-core business assets such as our sports representation business and interests in certain Las Vegasbased productions, and announcing the plan to sell selected non-core venues and the bulk of our North American theatrical business · Acquiring House of Blues, which increased our small-sized music venue, West coast amphitheater and Canadian presence · Acquiring a majority stake in Concert Productions International, which solidified our global touring business · Acquiring Gamerco, the largest promoter in Spain, a majority interest in Jackie Lombard Productions, one of the largest promoters in France (early 2007), and, in connection with the House of Blues acquisition, a 50% interest in House of Blues Concerts Canada, the largest promoter in Canada, which together extended our reach to eight of the top ten worldwide recorded music markets · Adding important venues to our portfolio, including world-famous Wembley Arena, Gramercy Theater (both in 2006) and Dodge Theater (early 2007) · Launching our online presence, with our websites collectively now ranking as the second most popular entertainment/event site according to Nielsen//Net Ratings · Acquiring Musictoday and TRUNK Ltd, which brought vertically-integrated artist fan clubs and merchandise into our existing artist service portfolio We expect that 2007 will be a similarly busy year. We look forward to updating you on our transformation and seeing you at one of our concerts at a location near you!

Michael Rapino President and Chief Executive Officer March 23, 2007 www.livenation.com

