 BEACON HILL ROOM GROUP
     To Our Shareholders:
Fiscal 2014 was an exciting year for La-Z-Boy Incorporated. We set the stage for one of the largest growth initiatives in the company’s history, introduced our most significant furniture collection in the last 10 years, solidified our position in the industry as a successful integrated retailer, and continued to invest in our brand to enhance our industry-leading status. We achieved this against a backdrop of modest growth throughout the furniture industry and housing sector, while outpacing our peers and differentiating ourselves in the marketplace.
SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING
Wednesday, August 20, 2014 11:00 AM
La-Z-Boy Auditorium
1284 North Telegraph Road Monroe, Michigan USA
01
 
 We continued to grow our business profitably, achieving our fourth year in
a row of increased sales, with five consecutive years of operating profits.
This year, we recorded an $83 million increase in sales and grew operating
income by 32%, almost doubling it from two years ago. And, we returned
$43 million to shareholders through an increased dividend and share 14%
repurchases. Our pathway to the future is filled with opportunity and we are invigorated by the growth potential we are creating and realizing. Our manufacturing and retail platforms are solid and improving, our positioning within the industry is unparalleled, our marketing and merchandising are resonating with consumers, and we have the financial strength and flexibility to invest in our business to fuel ongoing growth and profitability.
FISCAL 2014 SALES
BUSINESSSEGMENTS
UPHOLSTERY 73% RETAIL 20% CASEGOODS 7%
12%
10%
8%
6%
4%
2% 0%
9.4%
2012
5.3% 4.2%
02
03
LA-Z-BOY FURNITURE GALLERIES® NETWORK
SAME-STORE SALES
CONSOLIDATED OPERATING MARGIN
PERFORMANCE
$225
$150
$75
$1,100 $900
$700 $500 $300 $100
2.1%
2010
2.0%
2011
2013
2010 2011
2012 2013 2014
BALANCE SHEET STRENGTH
FIVE-YEAR CUMULATIVE RETURN
12.7%
7% 6% 5% 4% 3% 2% 1% 0%
6.6%
6.0%
2014
3.5%
CASH*/DEBTBALANCES STOCKPERFORMANCE
2010 2011 2012
2013
2014
2009 2010 2011 2012
2013 2014
DOW JONES
US FURNISHINGS INDEX
*CASH, RESTRICTED CASH AND INVESTMENTS TO ENHANCE RETURNS ON CASH
DEBT
LA-Z-BOY
S&P 500 INDEX TOTAL RETURNS
($mm)
($mm)
2.1%

   ROUND ROCK, TEXAS
04
 DRIVING PROFITABLE GROWTH
We have enjoyed a steady improvement in sales and earnings for the last several years and the strategic initiatives we are implementing today are designed to continue to deliver strong performance over the long term. The foundation of this strategy is driving sales growth, with everyone throughout the organization charged with that mandate. With our flagship La-Z-Boy brand increasing market share through three years of strong, compounded same-store sales increases for the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store network, and an efficient operating structure providing a solid base, it is our “4-4-5” store expansion strategy that will continue to fuel La-Z-Boy’s growth. This strategy will allow us to maximize the power of the brand and store footprint while leveraging our lean manufacturing structure to drive profitability.
 05
   
  DRIVING GROWTH THROUGH 4-4-5
Introduced last year, 4-4-5 encompasses building out the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store network across North America to include 400 stores, averaging $4 million in sales per store, over a five-year period. Achieving this would likely make the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® network a $1.6 to $1.8 billion retail chain, potentially increasing the size of the network by 40% to 50% over the next four years. We have always been of the mindset that expanding distribution throughout branded channels (La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores and La-Z-Boy Comfort Studio® locations, our store-within-a-store format) would provide the greatest return. Historically, that has been proven, particularly as the retail distribution landscape continues to change and contract, translating to fewer outlets through which to sell our product. We believe the branded distribution channel provides the consumer with the best presentation of our product and an excellent overall sales experience.
 EDEN SOFA AND CHAIR
06
 We have an ambitious plan to more completely cover the U.S. and Canada with La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores. Through a detailed analytical process, we have identified markets where we will locate stores, including under- penetrated and “dark” markets (those in which we do not currently have stores). Today, the company owns approximately one-third of the 315 La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores in the network and we expect our ownership will in- crease to approximately 40% when we reach the 400-store mark. The company’s focus will be on the larger metropolitan markets where there are the greatest economies of scale for our retail system. At the same time, we are working in conjunction with our independent dealer base to pinpoint specific opportunities for their expansion, as they play an essential role in our 4-4-5 strategy.
Concurrent with the execution of 4-4-5, our New Concept Design store is playing an integral part in driving sales. Piloted in the fall of 2011, our new store format is more modern in design, highlights our newest and most stylish collec- tions, has a layout organized by style preference, and is designed to not only be more inviting and inspiring to the consumer, but also to engage her in the customization and decorating processes. We are achieving this by beautifully showcasing room groups, complete with accessories, while offering complimentary In-Home Design services. This has translated to an increased average ticket for the stores while providing the consumer with a more satisfying and pleasurable shopping experience. Importantly, the New Concept Design stores are delivering results,
averaging $4.5 million in sales per store, which is 10% to 15% higher than the average store in the system. In addition to growing our store base through our 4-4-5 store expansion plan, essential to our strategy will be relocating and remodeling a number of existing older stores into the New Concept Design format. Today, we have 31 New Concept Design stores across the network and expect that number to more than double in fiscal 2015 as we build momentum with our store projects.
During fiscal 2014, in the company-owned retail segment, we opened three stores in southeast Michigan, a dark market since 2009, and will open a fourth store there at the end of August. While the city of Detroit certainly has its challenges, the surrounding areas of the city are prospering, particularly with the auto industry making a comeback. Each of the three stores has performed extremely well from opening day and we are pleased to operate in this important market in our backyard. Also during the year, we acquired three stores in Las Vegas and two
stores in the Youngstown, Ohio market, from retiring dealers. Moving forward, the company is focused on “storing out” existing markets, including Boston, Miami, Philadelphia, New York and Southern California, among others, while also moving into new markets, such as Minneapolis, where we will open three stores this fiscal year. At the same time, our dealers will add stores to existing markets and move into new ones. In fiscal 2015, we are planning for 30 to 35 store projects across the network, including new stores, relocations and remodels. Although we completed 18 projects in fiscal 2014, much time was spent to get processes underway to identify locations, enter leases and secure permits for stores. With a number of older stores in need of remodeling and/or relocation, the activity associated with 4-4-5 adds up to about 130 projects, translating to significant potential for driving sales increases with our new, modern and up-to-date stores.
  DANE RECLINER
07

 Driving Growth with New Products and Innovation
One of the core tenets of our brand and our business philosophy is to continually innovate and bring new, consumer-relevant products to the marketplace. Over the last several years, we have had a steady cadence of new product introductions that have appealed to a wider base of consumers. In the middle of fiscal 2014, we designed, developed and introduced a new collection called Urban Attitudes. It is the most significant collection we have launched in 10 years in terms of product styling and trend rele- vance. The collection consists of eight sofa styles, an assortment of 12 decorative chairs and accent pieces and more than 100 new fabric SKUs.
we believe this collection will continue to expand consumers’ perceptions of La-Z-Boy regarding the breadth of our product offering and styling.
On the research and development side, our team continues to work to identify creative solutions to improve our product. We have had great success with adding power features to our reclining fur- niture offering, which includes chairs and motion sofas. With steady increases in sales for the line over the last couple of years, we are developing a number of new power product enhancements. Because innovative design, detailed engineering and quality manufacturing are synergistic and have been responsible for elevating La-Z-Boy to its
  The Urban Attitudes® collection is an eclectic mix of smaller-scale furniture with clean, simple lines and unique details. It is targeted at a more style-conscious demographic, as well as younger consumers and those living in more confined spaces, such as apartments, condominiums and lofts. We received a great reception for the collection from our dealers and, as our fiscal year came to a close, began to move the product onto retail floors. We are excited about the potential of Urban Attitudes and, while we will always remain true to our brand heritage and core recliner roots,
world-leadership position, we made the decision this spring to consolidate our product development team to a new R&D Center in Dayton, Tennessee, adjacent to our largest La-Z-Boy upholstery facility, where 80% of the R&D team is already based. This move will enable the team to work side by side with their manufacturing counterparts. We will also establish a focused Advanced Product Concepts Group, located in Monroe, Michigan, where they will best be able to collaborate in the development of highly innovative products with marketing and merchandising.
08
   09
DOLCE SOFA

 Driving Growth with an Effective Brand Platform: Live Life Comfortably
Three and a half years ago, we introduced our Live Life Comfortably marketing campaign, featuring Brooke Shields as our brand ambassador. The campaign’s objective is to
change the image of our brand by widening La-Z-Boy’s appeal among a broader consumer demographic and highlighting that we offer on- trend and great-looking stationary products, complimentary In-Home Design and low- pressure, pleasurable shopping experiences in our stores. We are confident that the campaign has been successfully achieving those objectives, as we have not only enjoyed double-digit same-store sales growth, but have also increased the sales of our stationary
Brand Awareness
and Engagement Continue to Increase with Brooke Shields
product line at a faster rate than our core recliner offering, which also continues to grow. We remain committed to ongoing investment in this successful brand platform. This past year, we continued to increase our number of on-air weeks and, this past spring, launched new commercials featuring Brooke to introduce and highlight Urban Attitudes. But TV is certainly not the only way in which we leverage this effective brand platform. We employ a comprehensive integrated marketing plan that also includes print, web and social media, as well as in-store point-of-sale materials. We are also pleased to note that we recently extended our contract with Brooke for another two years, to November 2016.
   Driving Growth through Digital Engagement
Marketing has always played a key role in La-Z-Boy’s business approach and success. Our marketing strategies and tactics have evolved over the years, always with a close eye on how consumers are changing in their lives, particularly with respect to media use. Today, in addition to a robust traditional advertising program, digital platforms play a critical role in generating consideration for La-Z-Boy and reaching consumers to educate them on our brand and products and inspire them with ideas and design. We strongly leverage social media and have a robust presence on Facebook, YouTube, Pinterest and Twitter, which we use to share ideas and messages with our customers, while listening to them and responding as appropriate to customer service issues.
Additionally, our la-z-boy.com website continues to be a key element of our interactive ecosystem while our mobile site is an increasingly important platform with usage growing at a high rate. We recently launched a new and improved 3D Room Planner on the web that also is available as an iPad app and provides a very compelling design experience for our consumers and designers.
LA-Z-BOY NEW 3D ROOM PLANNER
   10
   Driving Growth with Operational Excellence
One of the key pillars to driving profitable growth is ensuring our operating facilities remain world class, lean and efficient. The changes made to our manufacturing platform have paid dividends over the past several years in terms of improved productivity, output and profitability. As an example, today we are producing more furniture per employee-hour worked than ever before. And, importantly, these operational capabilities and efficiencies are allowing us to capitalize on our strong U.S. manufacturing base and, in turn, provide custom furniture to the consumer with quick delivery. Lean thinking is embedded in our company’s DNA and every day we identify ways to be more efficient and improve our standard of operational excellence throughout our entire manufacturing and supply chain structure.
During fiscal 2015, a significant undertaking throughout our manufacturing facilities will be the implementation of an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system, which will provide for improved integration and management of our production and operations. Having already implemented the system through our supply centers and financial systems, we successfully put it into our first plant in May. We chose the smallest plant for the initial implementation to ensure we were able to work out any issues that may have surfaced and, moving forward, we will carefully implement the ERP system throughout the rest of the La-Z-Boy branded facilities over the course of the fiscal year.
11
Ensuring Our Operating Facilities Remain World Class, Lean and Efficient LA-Z-BOY MANUFACTURING FACILITY, DAYTON, TENNESSEE

 Driving Growth with a Focused Portfolio
BOB MACKIE® HOME COLLECTION FROM AMERICAN DREW
Bob Mackie is a registered trademark of Bob Mackie Design Group, Ltd.
Late in fiscal 2014, we sold Bauhaus U.S.A., one of our three upholstery companies, to an investor group. We did not believe it was a strategic fit from a size perspective with respect to its revenues or earnings. Our other non-branded upholstery company, England, is growing steadily and delivering results. With a somewhat different customer base, it fits strategically into our portfolio of companies. Additionally, we announced a plan to restructure our casegoods business, which will include ceasing domestic production of case- goods and transitioning the business to a pure import model. With our domestic production accounting for approximately 12% of the casegoods business, after much analysis, we determined we cannot generate enough domestic volume to support a facility of the size we operate in North Carolina and believe this move will strengthen our positioning and performance in the segment. We also decided to market our youth business, Lea Industries, for sale and to exit the hospitality business. Along with Bauhaus, these two businesses did not meet our criteria in terms of revenues or earnings and we believe our resources would be further enhanced by narrowing our focus.
Our casegoods business remains an integral component of our total product offering to the consumer. In addition to the many independent dealers carrying our various casegoods brands, our wood business is vital to merchandising the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores and is increasingly important as we gain momentum with our In-Home Design program where we are expanding services to include bedrooms and dining rooms.
Driving Growth through Integrated Retail
Our transition to an integrated retail strategy has delivered results in terms of driving increased profitability for the enterprise and improving the experience we provide to the consumer. At its core, integrated retailing allows
us to influence the sales process across every touch point, encompassing manufacturing, distribution, the in-store experience, delivery and customer service. And, because we realize both the wholesale manufacturing and retail profits, sales through our company-owned La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores generate the greatest level of profitability on an integrated or “blended” basis.
During the past five years, we adopted many strategic initiatives which benefited our company- owned retail segment, including significant operating changes at the store level, building out our six strategically located Regional Distribution Centers to better manage inventory and distribution, and elevating our level of customer service through a revamping of our Comfort Care (customer service) team capabilities. Over this period, we steadily improved the retail segment’s performance and were profitable each quarter in fiscal 2014. With the company’s objective of owning as many as 40% of the 400 La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores outlined in the 4-4-5 store expansion strategy, our company-owned retail segment will play an increasingly important role in the future of the company.
Driving Growth
through International Expansion
Although the mainstay of our growth strategy is focused on the North American market, the opportunities to expand our business in other places around the world abound and we continue to increase our dedicated resources to drive our global growth. In China, for example, two years ago we partnered with Kuka, a major Chinese manufacturer and retailer, and today there are more than 100 La-Z-Boy stores in that market, with more than 50 stores planned to open over the next 12 to 18 months. We are also expanding our business in other core markets outside North America, including the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand, through increased branding, which will include leveraging our Live Life Comfortably campaign and expanding the product lines offered. Finally, we are increasing our focus and resources to drive accelerated growth in a number of specific markets, including Latin America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa.
On the manufacturing side, our joint venture in Thailand, which supplies the Australian, New Zealand and Asian markets, is undergoing a conversion of its operations to the cellular production process, emulating our U.S.-based La-Z-Boy facilities. As a result of the success we have achieved stateside, the logical move was to leverage our experience and expertise in the Thailand facility.
12
13
EVANS GROUP BY ENGLAND
SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA LA-Z-BOY STORE
We lost a partner near and dear to our hearts earlier this year with the passing of Graham Morgan, Chairman of Morgan Furniture, La-Z-Boy’s longtime partner in New Zealand and Australia. With a relationship spanning more than 30 years, we would not have the international business we have today without his partnership and leadership. He was a friend who will be truly missed.

 Driving Growth through Employee Engagement
A significant event in our company’s future will be the move to our new World Headquarters in Monroe, Michigan, in early calendar 2015. We began construction of the state-of-the-art facility, which we expect to be LEED-certified, a year ago and are excited by the opportunities it will create for our team to work in a more creative, inspiring and collaborative environ- ment. Equally important is that our new building will professionally represent the company and brand that La-Z-Boy is today and tie in to our
brand platform and New Concept Design stores in terms of messaging and presentation. We look forward to hosting dealers, partners and suppliers from all over the world at our new facility while we enjoy what is expected to be a more inspirational and productive new office space.
Giving back to the communities in which we operate has always been of paramount impor- tance to La-Z-Boy. Our charitable contributions have taken many forms over the years and the commitment to continue to give in various ways is part of the fiber of our company and our people. We are extremely proud of our association with the Ronald McDonald House Charities® (RMHC®), our partner since 2008. Since that time, we have donated more than 6,000 pieces of furniture; provided hundreds of hours of volunteer work through our various dealers, plants and corporate
headquarters; and raised more than $1 million in cash for the charity.
This past August, we were awarded the RMHC® Outstanding Stewardship Award. This honor celebrates a partner who exhibits the highest level of support to the RMHC® mission, which is to create, find and support programs that directly improve the health and well-being of children. This association could not dovetail better with our own focus on families and the home. There is clearly no more important time to provide comfort for families than when they have a sick or injured child. Not only am I proud of our La-Z-Boy employees, but I am humbled by the significant involvement of our dealer base, which has embraced this great cause and been incredibly committed to involving their stores on a local level at Ronald McDonald Houses throughout North America.
 RMHC® OUTSTANDING STEWARDSHIP AWARD
Ronald McDonald House Charities,® the Ronald McDonald House Charities logo, and Ronald McDonald House® are trademarks of McDonald’s® and its affiliates, used with permission.
 14
A More Creative, Inspiring and Collaborative Work Environment
  LOOKING AHEAD
We have much to look forward to at La-Z-Boy Incorporated. We have positioned our company for ongoing profitable growth and will execute against our plan to achieve it by leveraging and maximizing the strong foundation we have built across our business. Our strength traverses the key pillars for success in our industry, including our leading flagship brand, strong network of branded distribution outlets, excellent product line up, commitment to innovation, operational excellence with a focus on lean initiatives, and an integrated retail structure that provides value to the consumer while returning it to our shareholders.
 Our goal is to innovate, grow and succeed in order to provide opportunities for all stakeholders and we believe we are well on our way. I’d like to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers, employees and Board of Directors for their support of our efforts this past year.
 15
KURT L. DARROW
CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
NEW WORLD HEADQUARTERS IN MONROE, MICHIGAN
