BOARD OF DIRECTORS
JACK L. THOMPSON ROCQUE E. LIPFORD
JOHN H. FOSS W. ALAN MCCOLLOUGH DAVID K. HEHL
 NIDO R. QUBEIN JAMES W. JOHNSTON
SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 15, 2007 11:00 A.M. EDT LA-Z-BOY AUDITORIUM
RICHARD M. GABRYS KURT L. DARROW DR. H. GEORGE LEVY
1284 N. TELEGRAPH ROAD, MONROE, MICHIGAN USA

La-Z-Boy Incorporated is turning the page on yet another difficult year. We have spoken before about the challenges our industry has faced recently, from overall weak demand to expanding offshore competition and a rapidly consolidating retail environment that quickly changed the way furniture is distributed and sold in North America.
We’ve been on a course of aggressive change to ensure that this company succeeds despite the industry’s challenges. We evaluated our portfolio of companies and determined the actions needed to better align our business to compete in today’s environment. We strengthened our commitment to our proprietary distribution system to secure a firm foundation for future growth opportunities. We transitioned our casegoods business to primarily an import model and, as a result, significantly improved the segment’s operating performance. And, we increased our overall competitiveness through global sourcing, improving how we operate in the worldwide economy, to name just a few of our accomplishments.
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 2007 SALES MIX
71% UPHOLSTERY
16% CASEGOODS
13% RETAIL
We are disappointed, however, that even with these initiatives, our
performance did not meet expectations. For the year, on sales of $1.62 billion,
we earned $0.38 per share from continuing operations. We
also focused on strengthening our balance sheet to give the AGGRESSIVE CHANGE company the financial flexibility and wherewithal to navigate its way through
the challenging environment in which we are operating. Over the past 12 months, we reduced our debt by $35 million, ending the year with a total debt-to-capitalization ratio of 23.5%, down from 26.5% last year. We also did a solid job in managing our inventories and receivables relative to declining sales, and generated cash of more than $120 million from operating activities and the sale of assets and discontinued operations.
We remain committed to building shareholder value and have identified key initiatives to make us more competitive and position the company for future success. We are:
1. Bringing a more intense focus to the core attributes of the La-Z-Boy® brand and capitalizing on its rich heritage of innovation and comfort;
2. Continuing to grow and develop the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® proprietary store system to provide consumers with an enhanced shopping experience;
LA-Z-BOY® SYRACUSE CHAIR
ON A COURSE OF
 
3. pursuing ongoing operational improvements to increase consumer satisfaction, reduce costs and add efficiencies.
Of course, even as we change, so does the environment in which we work. this year brought an uncertain housing market, unprecedented gasoline prices and inconsistent consumer confidence levels, all of which make the fight for discretionary dollars harder than ever before. Innovation and changing the way we do business will ensure our positioning for the future.
LEVERAGING THE pOWER OF OuR INDuSTRy-LEADING BRAND
At La-Z-Boy, evolution is leading us back to our roots – to the legacy of comfort that has defined our company for 80 years. through extensive research, we gained more insight into how today’s consumers shop for furniture and their perceptions of our brand. We understand the potential of our industry-leading brand, and have identified the greatest opportunities for future growth. As a result, this fall, La-Z-Boy will launch a new marketing campaign for the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® system to leverage our world- renowned brand name and the power it has with our targeted consumers.
this renewed emphasis on our core brand attributes was the catalyst for strategic enhancements to our business. We sold certain companies that didn’t fit with our long-term vision, so we can concentrate on growing those businesses that offer the most enduring potential. Last July, we sold our remaining non-residential company, hospitality furniture manufacturer American of Martinsville. In our upholstery segment, we sold sam Moore in the fourth quarter, and in our casegoods
segment, we have committed to a plan to sell Clayton Marcus and pennsylvania house.
Our company-owned retail network continues to grow, expanding our brand presence and giving us more insight into the consumers that will shape our business in the future. In addition to optimizing our back-end retail operations, we are centralizing our merchandising, marketing and advertising functions, all of which will improve our cost structure and efficiency. We expect to make meaningful improvement to our retail performance next year.
We also are making our manufacturing processes leaner and more efficient to better operate in today’s increasingly competitive environment. We expect to complete the transition to cellular manufacturing in our branded facilities by the end of fiscal year 2008, which will increase our speed and quality, while reducing costs. Already, we are meeting and exceeding customer expectations with faster delivery and more fashion, color and customization options, which will be difficult for competitors to replicate from offshore.
We have seen tough times before and understand that our current situation will not turn around overnight, no matter how quickly we adapt. As we celebrate the 80th anniversary of La-Z-Boy, it seems fitting to consider that the furniture industry has weathered
La-Z-Boy FURNITURE GaLLERIES® SToRE, CoTToNwood, NEw MExICo
 
 many ups and downs since the company began in 1927. Industry leaders understand that evolution is constant, and history has shown that La-Z-Boy can and will meet the challenges of an ever-changing marketplace.
Our direction is supported by our Board of directors, which was strengthened this year through three new members. richard Gabrys, former Vice Chairman of deloitte & touche LLp, brings international business experience and a financial background in industries that have faced tremendous change. Nido qubein, the president of High point university and Chairman of the Great Harvest Bread Company, brings both business and academic success as he provides his unique point of view. And Alan McCollough, former Chairman and CeO of Circuit City, will add invaluable insight into our retail business in addition to offering a great deal of experience in global supply chain management, distribution and logistics.
NaTIoNaL TRUST SoFa TaBLE FRoM HaMMaRy
everyone throughout the La-Z-Boy organization is invested in and
committed to the ongoing success of our company. Many of our team
members are highlighted throughout the pages of this
report, providing a snapshot of the talented people who IMpROVED pERFORMANCE are implementing change at every level of the company.
With our drive for continual evolution, we are poised for improved performance and are positioning ourselves to be competitive in a dynamic marketplace. While there are many things that we cannot control, we are aggressively pursuing transformation in those areas that we can influence and are focused on serving our customers, delivering quality furniture quickly and providing an improved return to our shareholders.
No other company in our industry has been a part of the American culture like La-Z-Boy, but our history is just part of the story. As we continue to evolve our business and leverage our brand legacy, we are convinced that the best for La-Z-Boy is yet to come.
Kurt L. darrow James W. Johnston president and Chief executive Officer Chairman of the Board
pOISED FOR
