  INNOVATION
COMMUN Y
customization
quality
FA I
durability
M
A
D
E
I
N
family
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
On March 24, 1927, two young cousins from
Monroe, Michigan, Edward Knabusch and Edwin weeks). And, we doubled our operating profit. At the
COMFORT
co
m
m
u
n
i
t
y
would become La-Z-Boy Incorporated. As we celebrate
innovation
the fiscal year with $152 million in cash, a $37 million increase from last year, and less than $10 million of debt. This provides us with significant flexibility and maneuverability as we move into the next chapter of our corporate history. Although we are pleased with our performance, it is just the beginning of a promising future where we are strongly committed to three key objectives: profitable growth, improving our integrated retail strategy, and operational excellence.
PROFITABLE GROWTH
After years of restructuring, which included selling companies, consolidating facilities and changing our operating structure to ensure our competitiveness within the industry, we are turning all our energies to growing the company. And that focus starts with La-Z-Boy®, our flagship brand, which has proven to provide the best return of all our businesses and continues to serve as the company’s growth engine. Today, our standing in the marketplace is strong – La-Z-Boy is the best-known brand in the industry and we boast a strong and growing distribution network of more than 850 branded outlets composed of La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores and Comfort Studios® locations. Importantly, we are making investments to fuel the company’s growth: we are investing in our brand platform, have introduced a vibrant and award-winning new store concept, are dedicated to expanding our store system within North America and are expanding La-Z-Boy’s reach globally. At the same time, we continue to innovate and build an infrastructure to support our growth.
the company’s 85th anniversary this year, and reflect upon its long and successful history, we are proud that the values instilled by our founders remain with us to this day and permeate our total business. These include integrity, focus on family and community, and an intense commitment to always do the right thing. And these bedrock principles, when paired with innovation, customer focus, operational excellence and brand strength, have enabled La-Z-Boy to endure some exceedingly difficult times and led us to our current solid leadership position within the furniture industry. Today, our business model is as strong as ever, built upon a solid platform of brand strength and a strong and growing network of proprietary distribution, supported by efficient production and supply chain management.
Our business was certainly tested in the recent past. In fact, our industry went through a complete transformation over the past dozen years, with much of the supply chain moving offshore while macroeconomic challenges fueled a rapidly changing distribution landscape in North America. But with change comes opportunity and La-Z-Boy embraced the challenges set before it and emerged from this period as a much stronger company.
The strategic initiatives and changes we implemented over the past five-plus years have gained traction and are increasingly evident in our operating results. For fiscal 2012, we reported sales of $1.2 billion, an increase of about 6% over fiscal 2011, on a
We are proud that the values instilled by our founders
remain with us to this day and permeate our total business.
com
man
pa
rab
ner,w
le 5
e stren
2-
week year (fiscal 2011 included 53
AMERICA QUALITY
Shoemaker (“the two Eds”), founded a company that same time, by operating in a fiscally conservative
gthe
ned o
ur
bal
ance sheet and ended
 la-z-boy.com 1
 
 FAMILYcommunity QUALITY
Eighteen months ago, we launched our “Live life comfort
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, continued
made in america
comfortably” campaign, featuring Brooke Shields
adjustments to the design and opened new concept
DURABILITY
stores in Chicago and St. Louis and plans are underway
as our brand ambassador. The focus of the brand
platform is to communicate to the consumer that
foradditionalstores.Importantly,ourdealersareexcited
La-Z-Boy offers more than our iconic recliner – we
were delighted this past winter when Chain Store Age family
magazine announced the winners of its 30th annual Retail Store of the Year Design Competition and our Warwick, Rhode Island La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store won an award in the “Hard Lines,under15,000squarefeet”category, a testament to the on-trend design of our
have a full range and selection of great-looking sofas,
going forward, it will be phased in throughout the 300-
innovation
After opening the initial stores, we made some
by the new format and the potential it offers and,
customization COMMUNITY
sectionals, occasional chairs, ottomans and accessories. plus La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store network. We
The campaign also champions the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store as a place to enjoy a comfortable and differentiated shopping experience and
highlights the store’s complimentary 16% RETAIL In-Home Design Program. We’ve been
  pleased with the performance of the 11%16% overall campaign with Brooke as our 11% spokesperson. As a result, we recently CASEGOODS extended our contract with her, as
 73%
we believe the continuity associated
with the campaign and the momentum 73% UPHOLSTERY
we are building will drive our continued
growth. Indeed, the brand platform is FISCAL 2012 means to reach the consumer to give her a
delivering results – our sales of living room and stationary furniture have increased, growing
at twice the rate of our core motion furniture offering. And, due to the campaign’s success, we will increase our national TV advertising this coming year, which is being implemented in cooperation with our dealers. They, too, see the effectiveness of the campaign and are eager to invest along with us to continue its momentum.
In August 2011, we introduced a new store concept and opened two stores in the new format in the Providence, Rhode Island market. The stores have a more modern and inspiring look and feel, and are designed to enable the consumer to more easily navigate her way through the store, which is organized by style categories, rather than by specific room or product type. Additionally, the format is designed to enable us to increase the average transaction per consumer by enhancing the look of the furniture and highlighting the customization opportunities available.
comprehensive product offering and compelling
2   2012 ANNUAL REPORT   La-Z-Boy Incorporated
SALES MIX
new concept format.
Investinginourstoresystemisparamount to our growth as we believe branded, or proprietary, distribution offers the best
and inspiring shopping experience. While the new concept design is one element of that investment, another is increasing our store base to better penetrate North America. Today, there are 312 La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores, and our market data indicate the North American market would support another 75 to 100 stores. While some existing locales need additional stores or relocations to leverage the demographic potential, other markets have yet to be tapped. Both the company and our independent dealer base have plans to open additional stores and we are actively and
aggressively scouting locations.
We are continuously enhancing our already strong online presence, making it easier for consumers to browse our broad range and selection of furniture, use our interactive design and room planning tools and visualize their selections before they buy with photorealistic fabric-and- frame rendering. Based on our research, the majority of consumers interested in purchasing furniture spend a lot of time looking online for ideas and information before and after they actually visit a furniture store.
 
 Whether it’s through our website, Facebook presence or a mobile device, we are showcasing our product offering while educating consumers and giving them a rewarding online experience. Although consumers are able to purchase our furniture online and that business is increasing yearly, most prefer to visit our stores after perusing our website to actually “touch” and “feel” the furniture. This, in turn, gives us an opportunity to work more closely with consumers on an individual basis to provide a professional
in the past in other markets and we believe Kuka will prove to be a great partner for us. We will commit more resources to our international strategy allowing us to accelerate the development of additional opportunities and provide support to grow our existing businesses around the world.
Innovation has always played a key role in the success of our company. Indeed, it was 85 years ago that
and pleasant shopping
experience, complete with
our complimentary In-Home
Design service. Going forward,
we believe all of our interactive
destinations and tools will
only increase in importance in the furniture shopping process and we are fully committed to ensuring these mediums play a strong role in our integrated marketing communications over time.
Accelerating our international expansion is another important element of our growth strategy. We have already built a significant La-Z-Boy presence in several markets around the world including Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Korea and Thailand, among others. In fact, today we sell product in 43 countries. We are interested in maximizing our presence in those core markets in which we already operate and where the La-Z-Boy brand has developed significant recognition, and in the emerging and developing markets in the world where motion furniture is not as well known and where we have an opportunity to enter early in the markets’ evolution, such as China.
This past March, we announced a strategic licensing agreement with Kuka Home, one of China’s largest stationary upholstery producers and retailers, to roll out the La-Z-Boy brand and stores across mainland China, a huge and rapidly growing market for furniture, and home to almost 20% of the world’s population. The partnership is focused on developing, manufacturing, distributing and retailing La-Z-Boy® motion products and plans are underway to open, over the next few years, several hundred La-Z-Boy stores throughout China, to be owned and run by Kuka. Joining forces with a capable and experienced local partner – who understands and is able to navigate the local market – has served us well
offering while educating consumers
through our website, Facebook
a mobile device, we are showcasing
Whether it’s
presence or
our product
and giving them a rewarding online experience.
our founders set up shop in a garage and developed the wood-slat reclining chair. Shortly thereafter, they upholstered it and, in 1961, they developed our proprietary rocker-recliner mechanism, and the recliner as we know it was born. La-Z-Boy has always been at the forefront of reclining technology – from the original Reclina-Rocker® recliner to today’s PowerReclineXRTM chair – and our research and development team continues its quest to find additional ways to improve the comfort and durability of our products while developing new ones to meet the varying needs of consumers.
Finally, we continue to invest in our company’s infrastructure, as a strong foundation will provide for efficiencies in everything we do internally and throughout every touch point with our dealers and consumers. Over the past several years, we have invested in, and are currently implementing, a state-of-the-art Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system, which allows for the smooth flow of data throughout the organization using standardized and integrated processes. Due to the complexity of the system and the expense associated with ERP, it is being phased in over several years. Once complete, all production activity – from order entry to manufacturing to financial systems – will be automated for La-Z-Boy, our largest division, with a robust system that will support the growth of the organization for years to come.
IMPROVING INTEGRATED RETAIL STRATEGY
A number of years ago, in the midst of the many changes occurring throughout our industry, we made the
 la-z-boy.com 3
 
 INNOVATIOqNuality TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, continued
customization
FAMILY
AMERICA family
decision to develop an integrated retail strategy. In
addition to allowing us to stay close to our customers The steps we have taken over the last few years to
durability
MADE IN
innovation
and end consumers while maintaining and building a increase volume throughout our business are bearing
vibrant retail system, it also gives us the opportunity to fruit and we believe we are well positioned to capitalize
make money on both sides of the business – wholesale on a strengthening economy. But driving growth is
COMFORT
c o m m u n i t y innovation money on additional sales is critical to increasing the
and retail. Indeed, with macroeconomic headwinds, it only one part of the equation. The ability to earn more
has been a struggle recently, but our hard work is paying
off. Today, our company-owned retail operation consists of 85 La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores and is one of the most exciting facets of our organization, while key to our integrated retail strategy with its focus on branded/proprietary distribution.
value of our company. We believe the lean and efficient operating structure we have established will enable us to achieve a “profitable conversion” or, in other words, allow us to earn a higher profit on the incremental sales than we did on the base sales.
On the manufacturing side of our business, the cellular production process instituted throughout our La-Z-Boy branded facilities has increased production speed and quality while reducing costs. Moreover, our Mexico-based cut-and-sew operation has ramped up its production levels to service current business needs, and we are pleased with the operation’s output and the cost savings it is delivering. In addition to efficiencies garnered through these initiatives, the operations support our brand promise to the consumer – custom furniture with quick delivery – an offering that differentiates our company in the marketplace and
Over the last three-and-a-half years, we made significant changes to the retail operation and those changes, coupled with the “Live life comfortably” brand platform, which is driving more-qualified and higher-spending consumers to our store system, have yielded results. With 13 consecutive quarters of performance improvement, this business is well on its way to profitability and, once there, is set to provide the corporation with significant earnings power.
Going forward, with the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store system playing a key role in our growth strategy,
we plan to increase the
number of company-owned
stores. In a few existing
locales, we will add stores to
ensure we effectively cover
each market while leveraging the fixed-cost structure of the operation. There are also opportunities to expand into new markets. For example, we recently signed leases to open three stores in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, a robust market with great promise, and one in which we have not had a presence for several years. We are confident our retail segment has the right strategy and structure in place and are steadily moving this business to profitability.
one we believe will help drive growth. Our other upholstery companies, Bauhaus and England, also are employing lean
initiatives and building their base of customers, while serving new markets and contributing to our performance.
While our casegoods business has become smaller over the past several years, particularly since the 2008 recession when consumers postponed more casegoods purchases due to the more expensive nature of dining and bedroom sets, it is a strategic fit for our long-term business opportunities. In addition to servicing a wide
Accelerating our international expansion is another important element of our growth strategy.
OP
ERAT
IONAL
E
XC
ELL
ENCE
COMMUNITY
QUALITY
 4   2012 ANNUAL REPORT   La-Z-Boy Incorporated

 and diverse customer base, La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores benefit from carrying our wood occasional pieces which complement our upholstered furniture. Further, our designers are able to leverage the various casegoods groups for In-Home Design work, providing opportunities for us to furnish other rooms in the home. And, with the majority of our casegoods line competing in the mid to upper-middle price point, as the economy improves, we believe we are well positioned through our product offering, customer base and floor space, to capitalize on those consumers beginning to consider more aspirational purchases. At this point, we continue to import about 75% of our casegoods product from Asia and have one remaining manufacturing facility in Hudson, North Carolina that is producing bedroom furniture.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
And, finally, a word about our commitment to the communities in which we operate. Giving back to local communities was at the forefront of “the two Eds’” business philosophy and that remains part of the fabric of our company today. All of our operations support their local communities in some format. From the La-Z-Boy Foundation to local Ronald McDonald Houses® to the sustainability efforts employed throughout our facilities, our goal is to support those around us. Our Foundation gives to the United Way, health and human service agencies, educational entities and other public organizations. Additionally, La-Z-Boy is honored to support the Ronald McDonald House Charities®, our national charity of choice, to provide comfort to families at a time in their lives when they need it the most. And, our individual employees spend countless hours volunteering for various organizations, which is, again, part of the fiber of who we are. With respect to our sustainability efforts, our goal is to be an
The past 85 years have been remarkable. Our founders were not only inventors, but were visionaries.
environmental steward to ensure our operations do not impact future generations in a negative manner. I am certain “the two Eds” would be happy with all that we do to support those in need and the values associated with our charitable outreach will always be a part of who we are.
The past 85 years have been remarkable. Our founders were not only inventors, but were visionaries. They created a chair for comfort and today that attribute remains one of our most important and best-known assets, with our team consistently striving to improve the comfort experience for the consumer. I am proud of our team and those who came before us for propelling our company over decades of change. We’ve strengthened our company over time and our brand remains the best known in the industry. While our chair is iconic, our broad line of furniture offers much potential for the future. It’s difficult to predict what the next 85 years will bring to La-Z-Boy Incorporated, but I am confident they will be rewarding for all.
I would like to thank our employees, Board of Directors, shareholders, customers and suppliers for their ongoing commitment to our company over this past year.
Kurt L. Darrow Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  la-z-boy.com 5
 