 To Our Shareholders
 Fiscal2009 will be remembered as a year of enormous economic challenges which affected nearly every part of the global economy. The difficult macroeconomic environment, fueled by the crisis in the credit and financial markets, not only exacerbated the transformation of the furniture industry that started at the beginning of the decade, but impacted the home-building and furniture sectors significantly, particularly with the discretionary nature of home furnishings purchases. Although we faced many obstacles throughout the year, we maintained our commitment to the core strategic initiatives we established to strengthen our company and to maintain the differentiation we view critical to long-term success. For La-Z-Boy Incorporated, fiscal 2009 also will be remembered as a year when we not only showed our resilience and adaptability in the face of unprecedented adversity, but also when our recent strategic investments and decisions began to take hold and propel us on a path to a much
stronger future.
In this letter, we will update you on what we have done over the past few years, which has enabled us to withstand the intensified downturn of the last six months of our fiscal year. We also will discuss the additional steps we took when we understood the magnitude of the economic crisis and how these measures have positioned us for strong growth and a more competitive footprint as the economy improves. We expect the coming year to present unforeseen challenges to which we will need to respond; however, we have proven to be nimble enough to do so, and will remain focused on long-term growth and enhanced performance.
Over the past few years, we have concentrated on several key strategic pillars: improving the efficiency of our manufacturing and distribution systems; strengthening our brand and the connection with our consumers; building our proprietary distribution network; and transitioning to become an integrated retailer. Having such a clear vision as to what is strategically essential has allowed us to more quickly and decisively make very tough calls to align our costs with the new reality while protecting our core strategic investments. And, importantly, because much of the heavy lifting is behind us, our business will require minimal capital expenditures over the next several years, allowing us significant opportunities to improve our financial flexibility going forward.
Manufacturing and Distribution Efficiency
A core element of our drive to improve the efficiency of our manufacturing system was the development and implementation of a cellular production system. We completed our conversion to cellular manufacturing in early fiscal 2009 with the installation of the last of our cells in our La-Z-Boy® branded products manufacturing facilities. We are now experiencing the benefits of this team-based production method in our operating results, with the cells delivering superior rates of high-quality product than was possible under our old batch-and-queue assembly-line approach. The fact that we could return to profitability in our fourth quarter is due in large part to the productivity gains delivered by this new system.
In January, we completed the second major element of our manufacturing efficiency plan with the opening of our new 700,000-square- foot cut-and-sew facility in Coahuila, Mexico. This plant, which was completed in less than a year, cuts and sews fabric kits for the custom- ordered furniture produced in our U.S. manufacturing facilities. With its proximity to the United States, the Mexican operation is able to quickly deliver the kits to our manufacturing sites where we assemble and upholster the furniture, enabling us to take advantage of the lower cost structure in Mexico without compromising on our ability to deliver custom-ordered product in 30 days or less. This is a basic tenet of our intended brand promise to the consumer – delivering comfortable, custom-ordered furniture quickly – and we believe it is a competitive differentiator in the marketplace. Once the cut-and-sew operations are fully transitioned, we expect to realize an annual cost savings in excess of $20 million with the full benefit realized in fiscal 2011.
La-Z-Boy Incorporated I 2009 ANNUAL REPORT I 1

 To Our Shareholders, continued
 Another key element of improving our manufacturing and distribution efficiency is the expansion of our company-owned regional distribution centers to service our network of La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store dealers in addition to our company-owned stores. This will benefit our dealer base by allowing them to concentrate on the “front” or sales end of their business while we will be responsible for stocking, delivering and servicing the product. Overall, this will lower the cost structure of the system while allowing us to reduce our accounts receivable position and decrease our own warehouse costs. We expect our system to ultimately consist of 10 to 12 warehouses across North America which will service the majority of the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores and will take place over a three-to-four-year period. To date, nine dealers representing 17 stores are utilizing our system and we plan to bring in an additional 10 dealers in fiscal 2010.
Our casegoods operation was not immune to this year’s economic downturn and we made the decision to consolidate our manufacturing operations into one facility in Hudson, NC. We will cease manufacturing operations at our plant in North Wilkesboro, NC and also will vacate a leased warehouse in Statesville, NC, shifting its inventory to the North Wilkesboro facility. These moves will take place over a nine-month period and, when complete, are estimated to provide annual cost savings of $5 to $6 million, based on current volumes. Additionally, we are very proud of the fact that three of our casegoods brands have received the Sustainable by Design registration from the American Home Furnishings Alliance, demonstrating La-Z-Boy Incorporated’s commitment to environmental stewardship.
Brand and Consumer
Our commitment to build and leverage the La-Z-Boy® brand and to help our consumers live life more comfortably is as strong as ever. We remain focused on differentiating ourselves in consumers’ minds with the Comfort. It’s What We Do.SM television campaign and are continuing its evolution to increase the relevancy and differentiation of our messages to reflect the changing psychology of our consumers. For example, as consumers have shifted to more of a “mindful consumption” mentality, with the intensified objective of receiving value for their money, we have increased the emphasis that La-Z-Boy® furniture is not only affordable, but unlike many other furniture options, is of high quality and long lasting.
On the casegoods side of our business, our team continues to identify new ways of marketing product while providing excellent service and value to our customers. One recent example of this is the licensing agreement between our Lea Division and Nickelodeon/Viacom Consumer Products, where we will develop youth furniture featuring some of the top-rated and most popular Nickelodeon® characters.
The Internet has been of critical importance in the furniture-shopping process for years, and that role strengthens every day. Our approach to ensuring we provide the digital experience our consumers want and need is multifaceted, beginning with making it easier for them to find us through search engine optimization and paid search marketing, which have allowed us to increase our site visits over the past year by more than 50%. In addition to continuously working to make the la-z-boy.com site a pleasant and productive experience for our consumers, early in fiscal 2009, we went live with e-commerce capabilities on la-z-boy.com in cooperation with our U.S. Furniture Galleries dealers. We believe this allows us to provide a more satisfactory multi-channel experience for our consumers and, with the pricing and delivery information available online, they are more likely to visit a store to shop for La-Z-Boy® furniture.
A third area of focus is research and innovation. The La-Z-Boy® brand was founded on the invention of the recliner and if we are to maximize our potential, we need to increase the role innovation plays in our products, services and business systems. In the past 12 months, we launched our Premier stationary sofa line featuring proprietary ComfortCoreTM cushion technology, as well as a line of Eco-Comfort furniture
2 I 2009 ANNUAL REPORT I La-Z-Boy Incorporated

featuringsoy-basedcushionsandeco-friendlyfabrics.And,mostrecently,weintroducedournewProfileComfortTouchTM recliner,which allows consumers to adjust the chair to their personal level of comfort and support using patented air-chamber technology.
Finally, this past fiscal year, we were delighted to become the official furniture provider for Ronald McDonald House Charities®, a cause in perfect alignment with our vision to help people live life comfortably – in this case, providing comfort to families at a time in their lives when they need it more than ever. It is a strong, highly visible and credible cause with which to associate our company and brand and it provides local participation opportunities in the vast majority of communities in which we operate, both corporately and for our dealer organization. We are humbled to be able to play a small part in providing comfort to these families during such difficult times.
 Our commitment to build and leverage the La-Z-Boy® brand and to help our consumers
live life more comfortably is as strong as ever.
 Proprietary Distribution and Company-Owned Retail
As the industry evolves and the distribution landscape changes, our steadfast belief in proprietary distribution has not wavered. With many furniture stores – both large and small – going out of business, the La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® store system and our Comfort StudioSM store-within-a-store concept have become increasingly more important. Both store formats are venues where consumers can have a delightful, consistent and comfortable shopping experience while being assured of purchasing quality furniture which can be customized to their personal preference. In the past 12 months, we have opened or converted 133 Comfort Studios, bringing our total to 466 stores in this program. We are continuing to expand this channel, and our Furniture Galleries system and Comfort Studios provide the backbone of our distribution.
In our company-owned retail segment, we owned 68 La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores in eight markets at the end of fiscal 2009 and, in the last two quarters, we improved the results of the segment by reducing our losses on significantly lower volume. This is due primarily to two factors. First, we put a new management team in place, bringing in a number of people from outside both the company and industry. This has given us some new ways of thinking, based on different perspectives and skill sets attained from other areas of the retail landscape. The new team has made structural changes to our operation, improving accountability for results, fundamentally shifting the selling process and cost basis of our retail stores, and intensifying our ability to leverage the power of our complimentary In-Home Design service. The second factor influencing our improved results is a more targeted and efficient marketing spend where we are finding ways to increase our visibility in the marketplace with new approaches to buying as well as improved media and creative strategies.
TOTAL DEBT FISCAL 2003 – 2009
(AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS)
      250
200
224.0 224.4 226.3
   185.7
   151.2
104.4
60.9
     150
     100
     50
         FY03 FY04 FY05 FY06 FY07 FY08 FY09
La-Z-Boy Incorporated I 2009 ANNUAL REPORT I 3
 
 To Our Shareholders, continued
  FISCAL 2009 SALES MIX
  13% RETAIL
%
14% CASEGOODS
73% UPHOLSTERY
  13
 14%
 73%
 Leadership
We are proud that La-Z-Boy Incorporated has always been able to attract and retain a talented group of individuals who are focused on innovation, quality, speed and profitability. As part of our new retail management team, this past year we were pleased to appoint Mark S. Bacon, Sr. as our new Chief Retail Officer. Mark is a seasoned retail industry veteran and, in his short time with La-Z-Boy, has led a team which has significantly changed the structure of our retail operation so that we are seeing improved results, even in the lower-volume environment.
We also appointed Janet E. Kerr to our Board of Directors, serving as a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Janet is a Professor of Law and the Executive Director and Founder of the Geoffrey H. Palmer Center for Entrepreneurship and the Law at Pepperdine University School of Law. In addition to her legal background and expertise in corporate governance, she sits on the Boards of CKE Restaurants, a New York Stock Exchange-listed company, as well as Tilly’s, a clothing retailer.
And, it was with great sadness that we lost our Chairman Emeritus, Patrick H. Norton,
in December. Pat’s accomplishments within the furniture industry are too numerous to detail, but he will be remembered as a pioneer, visionary, industry leader and someone who dedicated his life to the furniture business. For La-Z-Boy, Pat led our marketing efforts to establish our proprietary store network and to position La-Z-Boy® as a pre-eminent brand. He also was responsible for the strong sales growth our company experienced during his tenure. Following his retirement, Pat continued to be a friend and advisor to the company. We were privileged to have an executive of his caliber working with us for 25 years and his spirit and
wisdom will remain with us for a very long time.
Fiscal Responsibility and the Future
In this operating environment, it is not only necessary to make changes to our overall cost structure, but we are focused on enhancing the corporation’s liquidity. Fortunately, La-Z-Boy has always maintained a conservative stance with respect to its balance sheet and we believe managing our finances prudently has enabled us to endure this difficult period. We generated $52 million in cash from operating activities in fiscal 2009 and reduced our debt significantly, ending the year with a net debt position of less than $44 million, the lowest level we have experienced in this decade.
We reacted swiftly in the fall when business came to an abrupt halt following the meltdown in the credit and financial markets. Indeed, this was a difficult time for all the players in our industry, including the many customers with whom we do business. The changes we made to our cost structure over the course of the year removed some $60 million in structural costs from the business on an annual basis. This came in the form of a reduction in employment, which declined by 23% compared with year-ago levels; changes to employee benefit plans; a reduction in capital expenditures and other expenses; and the closure of two manufacturing facilities. These moves, combined with the structural changes made to our manufacturing processes over the past several years, all came to fruition as we ended the year on a positive note.
4 I 2009 ANNUAL REPORT I La-Z-Boy Incorporated
 
Because it is impossible to predict what the future holds with respect to consumer confidence and spending, the moves we made to align our cost structure with current order rates will allow us to operate the business profitably going forward, barring a further reduction in volumes, to which we would respond accordingly.
For the year, however, our results were significantly impacted by a myriad of factors, most notably the reduction in volume caused by the macroeconomic environment and a series of significant non-cash charges and write-downs we were required to take as a result of various accounting pronouncements. These accounting charges were triggered principally by the company’s market capitalization falling below our book value when the stock and credit markets tumbled. In fiscal 2009, our sales declined 15.5% to $1.2 billion and we posted a loss from continuing operations of $121.3 million, or $2.36 per share. The full-year results include income of $0.16 per share related to anti-dumping duties received on bedroom furniture imported from China; a restructuring charge of $0.24 per share related to various plant, warehouse facilities and retail store closures; a non-cash intangible write-down of $0.85 per share relating to goodwill and trade names; and a $0.15 per-share non-cash impairment of long-lived assets relating to the company’s retail operation. The company’s full-year results also include a non-cash $0.74 per-share charge for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, which was recognized in the second quarter.
While fiscal 2009 may have been one of the most challenging periods in our company’s long history, the strategic actions we implemented over the past four years sustained us throughout this period and have established a strong platform from which to operate. We will continue to execute on the initiatives we laid out – improving the efficiencies of our manufacturing and distribution structure, strengthening the La-Z-Boy® brand, building a significant proprietary store network and transitioning to become an integrated retailer. We believe these strategies comprise a winning plan to ensure we remain not only competitive, but an industry leader, while managing liquidity and reducing costs.
Lastly, we would like to thank our Board of Directors for their wisdom and guidance throughout this difficult period as well as the talented team of people we have in place, all of whom made many sacrifices this year and are committed to building and leveraging the power of our company. Today, we are confident we will prevail in the new and dynamic marketplace and are determined to make La-Z-Boy Incorporated a stronger company for our customers, employees and shareholders. We thank you for your continued support.
James W. Johnston Kurt L. Darrow
Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer
La-Z-Boy Incorporated I 2009 ANNUAL REPORT I 5
