 SHaReHOLdeRS’ MeeTING WedNeSday auGuST 20, 2008 11:00 a.M. edT La-z-bOy audITORIuM 1284 N. TeLeGRapH ROad MONROe, MICHIGaN, uSa
LeTTeR TO SHaReHOLdeRS
Since the beginning of the decade, the furniture industry in North America has experienced monumental change – from foreign sourcing and a new supply chain to an altered retail distribution footprint with consumers shopping differently. What the industry is experiencing is no less than a total sea change. This environment has required that we completely shift our thinking, strategy, sourcing, operating methods and focus of distribution. In fact, nearly every move we have made over the past few years was required to position our company for the future while we manage through the significant changes that continue to influence the way this industry operates. Rest assured, every decision we make is to ensure our long-term success, not just for the near term, but well into the future. We know that proactive, aggressive decision making is what will lead to our success, growth, profitability and, ultimately, a return to you, our shareholders.
Compounding the massive transformation of our industry is the challenging macroeconomic environment. Consumer confidence and discretionary spending continue to be impacted daily by a litany of issues, from the subprime mortgage crisis and resulting credit squeeze to increasing prices at the gas pump and grocery store. At the same time, our production costs are rising due to increased prices for raw materials and the increasingly volatile manufacturing environment in Asia. While these issues impact the entire global economy, there is no question that those of us in the housing and home furnishings sectors are feeling it more than ever.
On the retail front, there have been even more store closings and consolidations among large independent furniture retailers. And many experts think it is likely to be some time before the external environment improves. But, with 80 years of experience behind us, La-Z-Boy Incorporated has weathered these economic storms before and we will emerge from this challenging period as a leading player in what promises to be a very different marketplace.
A Company and Industry in Motion
Within this industry in motion, we are a company in motion, going through our own transformation. Over the last several years, we have outlined and executed against a strategy to strengthen our positioning in the marketplace. Tough times have required tough decisions and we will continue to make those decisions to ensure our success. Paramount to our strategy is an emphasis on improving the experience our consumers have at every touch point. To support that objective, we are focused on capitalizing on our brand, strengthening our retail system and optimizing manufacturing and sourcing efficiencies
across all our companies.
 2
La-z-bOy® SKyLeR SOFa

 To put the term “sea change” into perspective, the impact offshore sourcing has had on both our company and industry is a perfect example. Today, more than 65% of all casegoods in this country are imported, up from 35% in the year 2000. For La-Z-Boy Incorporated, that number is now more than 70%. And, with the textile industry moving production to Asia, about three quarters of the fabric and leather currently used in our upholstery operation comes from overseas. Transitioning our casegoods business to primarily an import model, to accommodate this monumental shift, was challenging and costly, but we attacked it head on and, as a result, our casegoods business has been profitable. We have also streamlined the sourcing of fabric and leather and are servicing customers more consistently and more quickly. All of these shifts in our supply chain occurred over the past five years.
We continued to make changes in our portfolio of operating companies. Last year, we completed the final piece of our announced portfolio rationalization by selling Pennsylvania House and Clayton Marcus. With six companies divested over the last several years, our remaining six wholesale businesses have significant scale and are profitable, each fitting strategically within our enterprise by addressing a specific segment of the residential market.
We maintain our steadfast belief in proprietary distribution. Here, too, there has been a sea change, with the demise of major retailers as well as many other furniture outlets. As an example, since December 2007, two of the top 25 furniture retailers – Wickes and Levitz – have filed for bankruptcy and joined the list of $6 billion to $7 billion in retail closures announced over the course of this decade. As a result, proprietary distribution is the channel through which we can most effectively reach the consumer. In fact, in certain metropolitan areas throughout North America, this is the only channel through which we can achieve our market penetration targets. Most importantly, we believe proprietary distribution allows us to have the greatest impact on the quality of each consumer touch point – ensuring the experience we provide is professional and pleasurable.
Because we see this channel of distribution as essential to the future of our company, we formed a retail division and invested in several large underperforming markets, inheriting various back-office operations that created inefficiencies. This past year, we streamlined those operations and completed the consolidation of both the information technology infrastructure and warehouse systems, removing significant costs from the business. We are committed to making these retail markets profitable and, while it is a challenge in this environment, we are confident we will be successful.
$263.3
$157.8 $263.3 $157.8
ReTuRN TO SHaReHOLdeRS
FISCaL 2002 – 2008 (aMOuNTS IN MILLIONS)
$263.3 SHaRe RepuRCHaSeS
$157.8 dIVIdeNdS
 La-z-bOy® TRISTaN ReCLINeR WITH NeW bRuSHed MeTaL HaNdLe 3

   13%
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS CONTINUED
These significant strategic changes have created a stronger company, albeit a smaller one, but we believe our greatest potential for growth is from today’s base of business. Despite the fact that the results of many accomplishments were masked by this year’s decreased consumer traffic and lower volume, we fully intend to maintain our momentum by making important changes to the business to ensure growth and profitability. Again, we are a company in motion, and are positioning ourselves for the long term to remain a leading player. We will operate our business more as an integrated retailer, which will position us for sustained growth and profitability.
Helping People Live Life Comfortably
The strength of the La-Z-Boy brand is unparalleled in our industry – with nearly 100% awareness, and a strong association with “comfort.” We are leveraging this with our “Comfort. It’s what we do.SM” national TV, print and Internet marketing campaign. In particular, the television ads, set in our La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores, serve as a platform to drive customers into our stores. The campaign is resonating with consumers and will continue to reinforce comfort as our core brand equity in a humorous way with breakthrough creative material.
But “comfort” is more than a tagline at La-Z-Boy. Our mission is to help people live life more comfortably. We have invested time and money in developing a deeper understanding of our core customers and what they want and need. This understanding will guide our entire organization in providing consumers with not just products, but solutions, and already has helped us increase our pace of innovation in areas ranging from product development to the shopping experience and services we provide.
73% 73%
 4
14% 14%
13%
FISCAL 2008 SALES MIX
73% upHOLSTeRy
14% CaSeGOOdS
13% ReTaIL
As our customers continue to increase their use of the Internet to garner information before purchasing, our focus on communicating “Comfort. It’s what we do.SM” is front and center on la-z-boy.com. We are doing many things to increase our online presence and impact, including introducing e-commerce capabilities on our Web site earlier this summer, making select furniture available for online purchases serviced through the network of La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries® stores.
We also are working to improve the infrastructure that supports our proprietary dealers so they have more time to focus on the customer experience that differentiates our stores’ offering. In addition to consolidating the company-owned stores’ distribution system, we are improving the distribution system for our entire network of dealers. This initiative will lower their costs, increase speed of delivery and enhance the level of service to customers. And, to keep things fresh and updated, we are testing innovative new interior store designs and merchandising plans – through lifestyle displays and different

 product offerings – in a limited number of locations and are excited about their potential to drive our business and enhance consumers’ shopping experiences.
The heart of the La-Z-Boy Incorporated customer experience is in our high-quality furniture, and we continue to make improvements to our manufacturing processes. At the same time, delivering on our brand promise to the consumer – custom furniture delivered quickly – is of paramount importance. We substantially completed the transition to a cellular manufacturing process at our La-Z-Boy branded facilities after a two-and-a-half-year effort. This team-based manufacturing process promises increased quality and speed while reducing our costs. We experienced much of the benefit of this massive change in our fourth-quarter results of fiscal 2008, and look forward to its full effect on our operations in fiscal 2009.
Because the ability to deliver custom furniture quickly is a competitive differentiator, domestic manufacturing remains a key component of our strategy. We continue to proactively look
for ways to balance manufacturing, sourcing and supply while spreading risk among various countries and currencies. This spring, we announced we would consolidate and move all of our La-Z-Boy domestic cutting and sewing operations to a new facility in Mexico, which will rapidly supply our U.S.-based plants with the lower cost structure inherent to a Mexico-based operation. The transition to Mexico will take place over a period of 18 to 24 months and is expected to generate savings in excess of $20 million per year, with the full impact beginning in fiscal 2011. Importantly, it will also improve our ability to deliver custom orders quickly.
aMeRICaN JOuRNaL CORNeR CabINeT FROM KINCaId
250 200 150 100 50 0
Fy02 Fy03 Fy04 Fy05 Fy06 Fy07 Fy08
TOTAL DEBT
FISCAL 2002 – 2008 (AMOUNTS IN MILLIONS)
A Focus On Shareholder Return
The La-Z-Boy management team and Board of Directors are fully committed to building shareholder value and growing our company profitably. While these past several years have been challenging, with many hard decisions made during a volatile and fast-changing period, we are proud to have returned $421 million to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends since 2002. Additionally, over that same
        5

 LeTTeR TO SHaReHOLdeRS CONTINued
time frame, we decreased our debt, $47 million in fiscal 2008 alone, which reduced our debt-to-capitalization ratio to 18.8% from a peak of 30% during the period. The philosophy of La-Z-Boy Incorporated’s founders, management team and Board has always been to utilize a conservative capital structure and approach, and it has served us well during these difficult times.
 Today’s economic arena remains
full of challenges and uncertainties,
and we will continue to evolve our
organization without sacrificing
the quality, innovation, speed or
professionalism that our customers
expect – and deserve – from us. The changes we are making today, which continue to strengthen our business model, will undoubtedly reward us in the future. Every day, we challenge our management team and every member of the La-Z-Boy Incorporated organization to act quickly and be forward thinking in their decision making with a mindset for the long term. While it is impossible to know every obstacle that may arise in this ever-changing environment, we are establishing an infrastructure and foundation
that will enable us to deftly navigate our way through this period. We have every confidence we will remain an industry leader for the long term. We would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, employees and customers for their unwavering patience, support and commitment to our company and we look forward to a brighter future with sustained growth and profitability.
James W. Johnston Kurt L. Darrow
Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer
“COMFORT” SeLLS aT OuR 335 La-z-bOy FuRNITuRe GaLLeRIeS® STOReS
 6
