To our ShareholderS:
Over the past several years, I have written about the fundamental changes we have made at Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s to instill a culture of growth in our company since our restructuring in 2009. Macy’s, Inc. has become a much stronger business over this period, and we continue to reap the rewards.
Take a look at our results in 2012, which are presented and discussed in greater detail in the Company’s 2012 Form 10-K (including important information on pages 16 - 18 regarding our non-GAAP financial measures):
• Topline sales rose by more than $1 billion for the third consecutive year. In fact, our total sales in 2012, at $27.7 billion, were about $4.2 billion higher than in 2009.
• Comparable sales rose by 3.7 percent in 2012, on top of increases of 5.3 percent and 4.6 percent in 2011 and 2010, respectively. We ended 2012 with 12 consecutive quarters of comparable sales growth of at least 3 percent.
• Adjusted EBITDA as a percent of sales grew to 13.4 percent in 2012 from 11.3 percent in 2009, significant progress toward our goal of 14 percent.
• Diluted earnings per share (EPS) rose by 315 percent to $3.24 per share in 2012 from 78 cents per share in 2009. Excluding certain items, diluted EPS grew by 154 percent to $3.46 in 2012 from $1.36 in 2009, or on average by 36 percent per year.
• We increased our return on invested capital (ROIC) to 21.2 percent in 2012 from 14.9 percent in 2009.
• Improved cash flow has allowed us to enhance shareholder value through repurchasing shares and increasing the dividend, which was doubled in 2012.
Clearly, Macy’s, Inc. has momentum. We have gained market share from our competitors, and we remain fully dedicated to continuous improvement in 2013 and the years ahead. Our company is alive with activity, and we are energized by the opportunity we see. The more we accomplish, the more we realize that there is so much more we can do.
The shopping patterns of our customers are rapidly changing. We operate in an increasingly omnichannel world where consumers gravitate seamlessly between stores, computers and mobile devices. They shop whenever, wherever and however they prefer. We were fortunate to have seen this shift coming five or more years ago, and we have invested strategically to prepare our company for growth and success in an omnichannel world. Today, we consider ourselves to be America’s Omnichannel
Store and a company that places the customer at the center of all decisions.
We oWe it all to M.o.M.
Underpinning Macy’s, Inc.’s outstanding financial results is
a three-pronged business strategy known by the acronym of M.O.M. – My Macy’s, Omnichannel and MAGIC Selling. These strategies may sound familiar because we have been discussing this blueprint consistently for several years.
In fact, we have benefitted from unwavering commitment to these strategies and to executing them with creativity and passion. We are continually testing and learning – using limited-scope pilots to see what resonates with the customer, then aggressively rolling out those elements and tactics that are successful.
My MaCy’s
My Macy’s is our formula for localization – in merchandising, in marketing and in shopping experience. Even after our three consecutive years of phenomenal success in bringing localization to life, no other retailer has anything like My Macy’s. It is our sustainable competitive advantage. No one has copied it. No one is likely to copy it because of the investment required in infrastructure, systems and talent.
But the truth is that we have not yet come close to making all
of our stores as truly local as they can be. Having improved our implementation processes for localization in 2012, going forward, we will continue to drill down to understand the customer better in each location. Our goal is to drive incremental business based on a well-tailored local shopping experience.
We are identifying and sharing the best examples of what’s working in one place – for example, granularly
honing the mix of sizes, colors and brands in a
store with a unique customer marketplace –
so we can tailor a version of that best practice in other stores with a different mix of customers. We are cultivating a keener sense of entrepreneurism in each store. This applies to the merchandise we sell, how we present and promote it, and how we engage the community around us.
And we are intensifying discussions with some vendors about expanding their products into doors where they were not previously carried. If enough customers want a particular item in a particular Macy’s location, we will be relentless in making that happen. Our Stores, Merchant and Planning teams are committed to working very closely together with the goal of “putting the customer at the center of all decisions.”
oMniChannel
Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s have moved beyond the meaning of “department store” in the traditional sense of the word. Today, our brands are quickly earning the right to be called “omnichannel stores.”
We are rooted in bricks-and-mortar stores, and make no mistake about it, our stores are absolutely critical to our future. Stores are where our customers come with their best friends or their family for entertainment and ideas. Stores are where customers can touch and feel and see and experience the merchandise, and interact
   with our knowledgeable associates. This gives Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s a great advantage over online-only retailers.
terry j. lundgren
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
1

Today’s best customers are those who shop our stores ... and online from home ... and from their tablet or mobile device.
These are customers who browse online, then come to Macy’s or Bloomingdale’s to lay on the mattress or try on the shoes before buying them in the store. These are customers who visit a store on their lunch hour, then make the purchase later at home or from their office, after they’ve thought about it for a while. They find that the macys.com and bloomingdales.com websites are as exciting, engaging, efficient and technologically effective as any in retailing.
Omnichannel means our stores, websites and mobile devices are all working in unison – and seamlessly behind the scenes –
to the benefit of the customer. We are driving store customers online and online customers into the stores. We are using mobile to feed both stores and online. We at Macy’s have the best of
all worlds.
We made a big leap in 2012 when we equipped 292 Macy’s stores to fulfill orders placed online or at other stores that may have been sold out of a particular item. This was up from just 23 fulfillment stores in 2011. We will be adding another 208 stores with fulfillment capability in 2013, which will bring us
to a total of 500 by the end of the year. By making all of our assortment available to every customer, we can drive incremental sales, increase inventory turns and improve gross margins.
We will continue to test and roll out new technology of all sorts so that we can continue to connect with customers as their shopping habits and preferences change. You’ll be seeing more tablets used in selling in the stores. You will see some very interesting new uses of mobile. You will see us testing and learning as we find ways to get merchandise to customers faster and easier when they want an item shipped.
We are part of an exciting new world. As America’s Omnichannel Store, you can expect that we will be an innovator on multiple fronts. This is what the customer expects from us, and it is what we will deliver.
MagiC selling
MAGIC Selling will continue to be the basis for how we engage customers in Macy’s stores and how we coach our associates for success. MAGIC is an acronym we use to drive home to our associates the process to Meet and make a connection ... Ask questions and listen ... Give options, give advice ... Inspire to buy ... and Celebrate the purchase.
Bringing Magic to our customers is about treating people right, taking the extra step with each customer, and bringing a new measure of joy to shopping.
All of this has helped us to improve selling service in our stores over the past couple of years, as reflected in the scores calculated for each store based on direct customer feedback after a shopping trip.
In 2013, we will be redoubling our efforts to encourage our associates to sell from the heart and to take the extra step to make every customer feel special. Our mantra is “Be the magic.” And we’ll be providing new tools that our associates can use to brighten the day of every customer.
positioned for the Millennial CustoMer
Macy’s in 2012 launched a new strategic approach to customers in the Millennial generation. This new approach is part My Macy’s ... part Omnichannel ... and part Magic.
Millennials are the segment of our customers who are ages 13 to 30. They are now America’s largest generation. Millennials, who spend more than $65 billion on the kind of merchandise sold by Macy’s, represent a major opportunity for our company today and down the road.
In 2012, we brought together the Millennial teams from various disciplines – including Merchandising, Planning, Marketing and Private Brands – into new open-concept office space in New York City so they could work more collaboratively, create new ideas and move quickly on key projects.
Their first order of business was to bring some new and fresh merchandise into the Impulse (for older Millennials) and Mstylelab (for younger Millennials) areas of Macy’s stores and dotcom.
In October, we announced that 13 new Millennial brands would be coming to Macy’s by the end of 2013 and that we would be expanding 11 existing Millennial brands.
Beyond the new and expanded merchandise assortments in 2013, we are now working on a new Home strategy for Millennials. And we are experimenting with floor moves and adjacencies within the stores to create new destination zones for our Millennial consumer.
Marketing is focused on new ways to reach out and attract these younger customers. Social media obviously plays a big role, and we have aimed a number of Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Instagram programs toward this audience. MBlog, our own blogging site, is becoming more informative and will offer unique perspectives for our 13- to 30-year-old users.
Confident and deterMined
“Confident” and “determined” are two words we have used to describe Macy’s, Inc. today. We already have proven that our strategies – and our people – are winners and that we at Macy’s are definitely on the right track.
And as America’s Omnichannel Store, we have as many assets and competitive weapons at our disposal as anyone in the retailing business.
Winning in the marketplace in 2013 and beyond means we must dig down deep for ideas and brilliant execution that will allow us to continuously improve at Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s.
We have an outstanding team in place at every level in our company, and they are energized to continue to bring outstanding fashion and newness to our customers at a great value.
We believe that Macy’s, Inc. has distinguished itself as a frontrunner and a company to watch.
We are very proud of what we have accomplished to date, and we cannot wait to show you what we are capable of accomplishing in the future.
terry j. lundgren
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  2
