                 TO OUR
SHAREHOLDERS
Over the past five years, we have taken extraordinary steps to reinvent our business and organizational structure at Macy’s, Inc. Between 2005 and 2009, we nearly doubled our size through the May Company acquisition, transformed Macy’s into a nationwide brand by converting nearly 600 stores from regional nameplates, centralized our organization for clarity and
speed in decision-making, adopted a breakthrough localization strategy called My Macy’s, and significantly expanded our capabilities in e-commerce and digital marketing.
The impact of all of these fundamental changes began coming to fruition in 2010. Simply put, it was a terrific year.
• Same-store sales were up 4.6 percent.
• Operating income rose by 78 percent to $1.894 billion in 2010 from $1.063 billion in 2009. The increase in operating income was 32 percent, excluding asset impairment, store closing and division consolidation costs and expenses of $25 million in 2010 and $391 million in 2009.
• We ended the year with $1.5 billion of cash after paying down more than $1.2 billion of debt and contributing $825 million to our pension plan during fiscal 2010.
• Return on invested capital – a key measure of financial productivity – rose significantly in 2010
from 2009.
Best of all, we are developing a culture of growth at Macy’s, Inc. We believe the strategies that led
to our success in 2010 are still in the early phases of implementation, with plenty of runway ahead to produce further improvements in sales, earnings and cash flow as our execution sharpens.
driving SaLeS growTh in 2011 and Beyond
In particular as we enter fiscal 2011, four primary strategies are positioning us to continue to drive sales growth. All are rooted in our overriding philosophy for putting the customer at the center of all decisions.
My Macy’s Localization – 2010 was the first full year of implementation of My Macy’s, having been piloted in 2008 and rolled out nationally in mid-2009. Already, we have seen significant progress
in tailoring the merchandise assortment and shopping experience in each Macy’s location to
the customer who shops there. In fact, some of our most successful geographic markets in 2010 sales growth were the original My Macy’s pilot districts from 2008 – indicating that our execution continues to improve with experience. The more we learn about the customer and her preferences, the better we are able to respond store-by-store. Clearly, My Macy’s is a long-term approach that will allow us to continue to adapt to local customers and communities. As each of our 69 My Macy’s districts discovers new avenues for success, we are able to share and leverage best practices across the country. My Macy’s has been a game-changer for our company and continues to represent a sustainable competitive advantage.
Terry j. Lundgren
Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer
PAGE1

                 Distinctive and Exclusive Merchandise – Customers expect newness and unique ideas from us in the form of interesting products they don’t see in other places. In 2010, we launched a number of exciting market brands exclusively at Macy’s, including Kenneth Cole Reaction, Sean John men’s sportswear and Material Girl, a juniors collection from Madonna and her daughter Lourdes. That momentum will continue in 2011, particularly as we fill gaps in our assortment (we call this “white space”) where we are underserving customer needs.
A good example of this approach is the spring 2011 launch of our capsule collections that will feature rotating merchandise lines throughout the year from leading designers in Impulse, Macy’s contemporary fashion department. Also in Impulse, we launched in early 2011 a new private brand called Bar III for women and men. In 2010, approximately 43 percent of Macy’s sales were in exclusive or limited distribution brands and labels. Included in this total is Macy’s lineup of very successful private brands, which represented approximately 20 percent of sales in 2010.
MAGIC Selling – We launched this energized new approach to customer engagement at Macy’s by training more than 130,000 store associates in 2010, reinforced with a refresher course
in early 2011 and ongoing coaching of associates on the
sales floor. An initiative unprecedented in its size and scope, MAGIC Selling helps us to better understand the needs of our customers, as well as to provide options and advice. It is, in effect, our in-store growth strategy.
Omnichannel Integration – Online sales at Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s have risen by 20 percent or more in each of
the past three years (including by 29 percent in 2010). But we believe that the ongoing key to success is the integration across channels – blurring the line between our stores, the Internet and mobile technology to the point that we surround the customer and can respond to her needs no matter which way she prefers to shop and buy. We have taken action to drive our store customers online while driving our online customers into the stores, and using mobile engagement to drive business both online and in the stores. This omnichannel integration is helping Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s to develop deeper relationships with loyal customers who appreciate the convenience and flexibility we bring to the shopping experience.
STRENGTH AT BlOOMINGDAlE’S
Bloomingdale’s performance was strong in 2010 with sales growth that compared favorably to its upscale competitors. Meanwhile, the Bloomingdale’s brand continued to expand.
Bloomingdale’s opened its 41st store in 2010 with an exciting new location in Santa Monica that is smaller and focused on the more relaxed fast-fashion customer in that market. In the fall season, a Bloomingdale’s Outlet concept was launched with four stores in Miami and Sunrise, FL; Paramus, NJ; and Woodbridge, VA. Additional Bloomingdale’s Outlet stores are expected to open in 2011 and beyond.
In February 2010, Bloomingdale’s opened in Dubai under a license agreement with Al Tayer Insignia, a company of Al Tayer Group LLC. This is the first international location for either Bloomingdale’s or Macy’s.
INSpIRING OuR ORGANIzATION
An essential ingredient in the culture of growth we are building at Macy’s, Inc. is the talent, experience, energy and diversity of our people at all levels. I have said repeatedly that I believe we have the best and most resourceful organization in the retailing business. And we have continued to improve over time in recruiting, retaining and developing the best person for each position.
More than ever before, we are encouraging teamwork across functions among individuals with different perspectives
and points of view. We are collaborating closely with our vendors and other outside partners. Working together, we are formulating new ideas in every function so they can be evaluated, tested and rolled out quickly if successful. And we are encouraging a higher level of risk-taking with the understanding that growth requires new and often untested approaches to the business.
The initial success of our newly unified operating structure in 2010 – including the local focus of My Macy’s – has instilled a renewed sense of momentum in our company. Progress that once was thought to be beyond reach has become reality. We are developing the confidence to stretch ever-higher in the quest to attain and exceed our goals.
Clearly, shareholders benefit when we succeed at motivating our associates and delighting our customers. Macy’s, Inc. is committed to maximizing shareholder value as we continue to evolve as a growth company dedicated to customer centricity.
The Macy’s, Inc. management team and organization appreciates your support of our company. We look forward to continued progress in building a dynamic growth company capable of accomplishing great things.
Terry J. lundgren
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 PAGE2
