TO OUR shareholders:
In 2014, we extended our winning streak for increased sales and earnings at Macy’s, Inc. while also launching plans for our next phase of continued improvement for profitable growth. We are particularly proud to have met our long-term objective for a profitability rate that places us among best-in-class retailers, as measured by Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) as a percentage of net sales. We now are shifting our resources and energies to growing the topline faster while maintaining this high profitability rate.
Our company has been on an extraordinary journey of reinvention. We have created Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s omnichannel brands that are nationwide and increasingly global, and achieved significant increases in operating earnings and cash flow. We became a magnet for the best talent in retailing at all levels of our organization, and added $18 billion to our market capitalization since 2009. In the past six years, our Total Shareholder Return has been nearly 700 percent. 2014 Financial Highlights
Here are highlights from our fiscal 2014 financial results, which are presented and discussed in greater detail in the company’s 2014 Form 10-K (including information on pages 17 to 20 regarding our non-GAAP financial measures):
• Comparable sales on an owned plus licensed basis grew by 1.4 percent, and by 0.7 percent on an owned basis. This was our fifth consecutive year of comparable sales growth. Macy’s, Inc.’s total sales have grown by nearly
$5 billion over the past five years, even with a somewhat smaller portfolio of stores, as we have embraced an omnichannel approach to business.
• Adjusted EBITDA as a percent to net sales was 14 percent, rising from 13.6 percent in 2013 – and up from 11.3 percent
in 2009. Reaching the 14 percent level has been a longstanding goal, and we fully expect to remain among the
most profitable retailers.
• Earnings per diluted share were $4.40, an increase of
10 percent from $4.00 in 2013, excluding certain items (merchandising and marketing restructuring, store and
field adjustments, store closings and a premium for early retirement of debt in 2014; impairment, store closings and
other cost initiatives in 2013). On this basis, earnings per
share rose by double digits for the sixth consecutive year. Including these items, earnings per diluted share were $4.22
in 2014, up from $3.86 in 2013.
• Return On Invested Capital – a key measure of how
efficiently the company uses its capital – rose again in 2014
to 22.4 percent, up from 21.5 percent in 2013. This was our
sixth consecutive year of improvement in ROIC.
Refinement of M.O.M. Strategies
A key factor in Macy’s success has been the consistent and disciplined execution of our core strategies of My Macy’s localization, Omnichannel integration and Magic Selling customer engagement, which are known by the acronym of “M.O.M.” M.O.M. remains the blueprint for the Macy’s brand today –
with each element of the strategy coming closer together to
work holistically. My Macy’s, Omnichannel and Magic Selling
are no longer very separate, distinct subjects. They feed

and support each other. We also have become very proficient at applying what we learn to continuously improve our business for our customers. We know we must keep moving forward with fresh thinking.
My Macy’s localization, developed in 2008 and launched nationwide in 2009, remains a differentiator and sustainable competitive advantage for Macy’s. Our intention has always been to deliver a merchandise assortment and shopping experience in each location that meets the need of the
local customer.
Now with six years of My Macy’s experience and a significant amount of progress, we are refining our approach to localization with a renewed emphasis on driving sales growth with a process that is streamlined and leads to quicker decisions.
As a percent
of net sales
ADJUSTED
EBITDA
1 2
We are devoting more attention to enhancing our assortment and sales performance by climate zone. We are getting more granular on serving ethnic and multicultural customers. And we are focused on flowing merchandise receipts into each door at exactly the right moment in the shopping cycle.
There is absolutely no doubt that our customers today are Omnichannel in how they shop and where and when they buy.
So Macy’s has to be with them at every turn.
Research has shown that about two-thirds of all shopping trips today start online with customers researching the options at their desktops or on smartphones or tablets. Then, the customers often come into the store to touch, feel and try-on the merchandise they saw. Maybe they buy in the store. Or maybe they buy the item later while sitting at home in the evening.
We are now operating the company with a single view of our customer, inventory and business – no matter how, when or where the customer is shopping.
In a move to achieve a higher level of shopping convenience,
in 2014 we rolled out Buy Online Pickup in Store (BOPS) to all Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s locations nationwide, and successfully piloted same-day delivery to customers in eight markets during
the holiday season.
Magic Selling has been closely aligned with My Macy’s as we helped local customers understand that the products at their Macy’s were selected to meet their needs – whether it be by size, color, style, fabric weight or brand.
Moving forward, Magic Selling is also a vital ingredient for
tapping the full potential of Omnichannel. We have new tools and technology on the selling floor to engage our store customers. Magic Selling is focusing these new customer touch points to
grow sales.
We are encouraging additional “radiated sales” as customers
come to a store to pick up BOPS orders or to return or exchange merchandise purchased online. Mobile point-of-sale devices, kiosks and tablets help our associates to better understand customer needs and provide quick and effective service using technology that our customers love.
Pursuing Profitable Sales Growth
Beginning in 2015, we see Macy’s, Inc. entering a new phase
of growth as we re-focus on increasing topline sales, and doing so while maintaining the excellent rate of profitability achieved in 2014.

We think of our growth prospects in two parts.
First, we have plenty of opportunity ahead for organic growth
within Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s existing businesses. Toward that end, we announced in January and in early February 2015 that
we have aligned our organization, including our senior leadership under the direction of Macy’s, Inc. President Jeff Gennette, and Bloomingdale’s Chairman and CEO Tony Spring, around the needs of an omnichannel customer. As a result, we can make decisions faster, move quicker and be more responsive to how and when our customers choose to shop with us.
We are changing the way we buy and plan merchandise so store, online and mobile shopping is seamless. Marketing is driving demand across channels using traditional and digital techniques.
We are embarking upon a new and more robust approach to rewarding loyal customers. And we are continuing to look for opportunities to fill “white space” in our assortment with license agreements that bring new categories back to Macy’s in partnership with deeply experienced specialty retailers.
Our second avenue for future growth involves all-new business ideas. This is what Peter Sachse, now Chief Innovation and Business Development Officer, and his new team will be tackling.
For example, we are looking seriously at international expansion
for Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s. We already ship online orders into 100 countries. We have a very successful Bloomingdale’s store in Dubai. Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s have announced new stores to open in Abu Dhabi in 2018.
We have learned that consumers worldwide know Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s, and they like what they see. We are continuing to analyze various markets to determine what might be next.
We have just begun to study a Macy’s off-price business, but we
are moving fast and plan to begin a pilot in fall 2015. Note that we currently have 13 Bloomingdale’s Outlet stores (with a 14th to
open in fall 2015), and we are excited about the growth potential
of this channel.
We now are structured to generate and pursue multiple new ideas, all underpinned by a test-and-learn methodology that maximizes upside opportunity while minimizing risk.
Bluemercury Acquisition
In March 2015, we completed our acquisition of Bluemercury,
Inc., widely recognized as America’s largest and fastest-growing luxury beauty products and spa services retailer, for $210 million
in cash. Bluemercury was Macy’s, Inc.’s first acquisition in 10
years and provides us an entirely new channel for growth. Bluemercury currently operates about 62 specialty stores in
18 states, typically in prime street-level locations and urban
lifestyle centers, as well as an online business. Macy’s, Inc.
plans to operate and significantly expand Bluemercury standalone specialty stores, enhance its online capabilities and add
Bluemercury private brand products and shops to selected
Macy’s stores over time.
Bluemercury’s existing management team and organization
remain in place.
2015: An Upward Transition
Corporations sometimes use the word “transition” to mean
they need time to re-think their strategy. At Macy’s, Inc., however,
we see 2015 as a “transition” year in a different sense of the word. Over the past decade, we have worked to mold a highperformance culture that encourages innovation and calculated
risk-taking while reaching very high standards for profitability.

This is our foundation.
To build on this foundation in 2015 and beyond, we will be
investing to fuel faster total and comparable sales growth while maintaining a high rate of profitability. We expect to continue to increase sales and earnings again in 2015, even as we pilot and test new growth ideas that have the potential to be scaled-up quickly to serve the evolving needs and expectations of our customers.
We have assembled the best team in retail to take us forward, and
I am both excited and confident about the future. Our company is changing – quickly, and for the better. Thanks for your support in
our upward transition.
Terry J. Lundgren
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
