 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
POSITIVE CHANGE CREATES BENEFITS FOR CUSTOMERS AND SHAREHOLDERS.
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDER:
While our company again produced strong financial results in fiscal 2004, perhaps our most remarkable achievement was the significant positive change we have initiated to fortify the very foundations of our business for the long run.
• We made the landmark decision to convert our regional store nameplates to the Macy’s brand. As of March 6, 2005, all of our stores, catalogs and e-commerce sites operate as either Bloomingdale’s or Macy’s. This allows us to focus on the two strongest brands in American department store retailing – both deeply rooted in fashion, service and community involvement – and to drive sales and profitability by serving a well-defined core customer with a unified message. Our five regionally based Macy’s divisions ensure our decision-making stays close to the customer and that our stores and assortments reflect local tastes
and preferences.
• We drove significant progress in each of the four strategic priorities
that guide our business decisions. The four priorities – Assortments, Price Simplification, Improving the Shopping Experience and Marketing – are described below. They have helped sharpen our discipline and creativity, while providing Macy’s a well-defined roadmap for continuous improvement in the most crucial aspects of daily operations.
• We launched Macy’s Home Store as a consolidated central organization for merchandising and marketing home-related merchandise for all Macy’s stores nationwide. Going forward, this best-in-class organization will provide our core customer with a fashion-driven home assortment that is uniquely Macy’s.
• In February 2005, we entered into an agreement to acquire The May Department Stores Company. The acquisition would create a stronger,
more resourceful company with more than 950 department stores operating in 64 of the nation’s top 65 markets. Pending regulatory
review and shareholder approval, the transaction is expected to be completed in the third quarter this year. Meanwhile, we are working to finalize plans for the combined company.
DIFFERENTIATED AND EDITED ASSORTMENTS Recognizing that great product assortments and brands in our stores
create customer excitement and build loyalty among shoppers, we are implementing programs to ensure our assortments are fresh, new and
fashion-right so Macy’s is differentiated in the marketplace. Concurrently, we are pursuing a good-better-best merchandising strategy that aligns
our assortments with our core customer’s expectation for price and quality. And we are more tightly editing assortments to
reduce duplication and clutter on the selling floor.
The company’s private brands continue to grow at
a faster pace than overall sales trends, providing differentiation and value to customers. In 2004,
Federated’s private brands – such as I·N·C, Charter Club/ Clubroom, Alfani, Style & Co., Hotel Collection and Tools of the Trade – represented about 17.4 percent
of total sales toward our ultimate goal of 20 percent.
TERRY J. LUNDGREN CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT &
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PAGE TWO

We also continue to work with the best national brands and designers, such as Ralph Lauren, Calvin Klein, Tommy Hilfiger and Kenneth Cole,
to bring exclusive and limited product offerings to Bloomingdale’s and Macy’s stores.
PRICING THAT’S EASIER TO UNDERSTAND
While Macy’s will always be a promotional department store, our customers prefer us when our pricing is easier to understand. We are simplifying pricing through several programs, including offering selected key items at everyday low prices.
We continue to reduce couponing activity and offer better coupons with fewer exclusions to our best customers, while decreasing the frequency of “public” coupons that appear, for example, in newspaper ads.
MORE INTERESTING AND LESS CLUTTERED STORES
Based on feedback we receive every day from customers, we are working to make our stores less cluttered with signs and messages, as well as more spacious, convenient and inviting. Service standards for all Macy’s stores are rising to a level that is meeting our customer’s expectations.
We continue to improve our stores with “Reinvent” elements, such
as price checkers, wayfinding signs, shopping buggies and redesigned vestibules to our fitting rooms. Since 2002, we have allocated about $100 million per year of our capital spending to reinvent initiatives. By fall 2005, stores representing more than 70 percent of Macy’s sales volume will have been reinvented.
MARKETING TELLS OUR STORY
Through Marketing, we are communicating to customers that Macy’s is the “way to shop.” Our advertising is bolder, more compelling and fashionable, consistent with our lifestyle approach to merchandising. We’re using more national and broadcast advertising to tell our story.
In early 2005, we launched a new Macy’s Star Rewards customer loyalty program and issued about 16 million new Macy’s credit cards to customers nationwide. Those customers who shop us most often and spend the most will receive the best benefits – all tied to the Macy’s card.
As a company that gives back, Federated is an important member of the community through donations to charity, employee volunteerism, national sponsorships, and hosting major events such as the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade.
In 2004, Macy’s began a three-year national sponsorship of the American Heart Association’s “Go Red for Women” campaign to battle heart disease in women. We generated about $4 million in cash contributions
to designated charities during our Thanks for Sharing holiday campaign. Our employees devoted more than 111,000 hours to community projects through Federated’s Partners in Time employee volunteerism program.
PROGRESS AT BLOOMINGDALE’S
While much of the strategic action in 2004 and 2005 relates to development of the Macy’s brand, our Bloomingdale’s brand continues to do well. This highly successful division generated the highest year-over- year same-store sales growth within Federated last year, and continued to make strides delivering distinctive fashion merchandise and a high level of personalized attention to its upscale clientele.
Bloomingdale’s unique new SoHo location in New York City – as much a trend-setting boutique as a department store – opened in 2004 to rave reviews from customers and the fashion community. It not only has cultivated an attractive customer segment for Bloomingdale’s, but it also has spawned new economic vitality and energy in a previously stagnant neighborhood.
Simultaneous with advances at Macy’s, we are pursuing plans for continued growth and development of the Bloomingdale’s brand – in stores, online and via the Bloomingdale’s By Mail catalog.
BUILDING ON SUCCESS AND FINANCIAL STRENGTH Federated is a company that’s not afraid of change, and is willing to take well-calculated risks to grow profitable sales. We are well aware – and, in fact, quite proud – of the reputation we’ve built for doing things differently in the quest for growth in sales and shareholder value.
Our confidence is built on the company’s momentum in operating performance and continued financial strength.
• Salesinfiscal2004roseby2.4percent,and2.6percentonasame-store basis, reflecting an especially robust Spring season, as well as a strong finish to the holiday shopping season.
• Operatingincomeroseto$1.40billioninfiscal2004from$1.34billion in 2003, even though costs for store closings, centralization and consolidation activities rose by $40 million in the most recent year.
• Cash flow before financing activities was $780 million in fiscal 2004. In part, we used cash to repurchase 18.3 million shares of Federated common stock, to increase our dividend to shareholders by 8 percent in 2004, and to complete a tender for approximately $274 million of high-cost debt.
A NEW BEGINNING...
With nostalgia and gratitude, we retired some of the best-known department store names in early 2005. The Bon Marché, Burdines, Goldsmith’s, Lazarus and Rich’s excelled at serving generations of customers. We grew up with these names, and they will live fondly in our memories.
But department store retailing in the future means new beginnings and focused energies. Bloomingdale’s and Macy’s are department store brands associated with today’s America – with the dreams, aspirations and lifestyles of customers who love to shop, and who are ever-conscious about fashion, quality, affordable luxury, convenience and service.
Our strength in embracing positive change comes from the women and men who work together at every level within Federated, as well as in the encouragement we receive from our customers, shareholders, vendors and communities.
Federated clearly is moving in the right direction. We believe the year ahead will be rewarding for the company and our shareholders. Along with our entire management team and organization, I remain committed to achieving this result.
 PAGE THREE
