 “Federated not only is larger today,
but we’re also more focused, more creative and more attuned to serving
the needs of our core customers, market by market.”
 TERRY J. LUNDGREN Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fellow Shareholder:
By virtually any measure, 2005 will be remembered as an extraordinary year in the history of our company:
• We initiated and completed the acquisition of The
May Department Stores Company in a move that nearly doubled the size of Federated. The acquisition included nearly 500 outstanding store locations operated under regional nameplates, including Famous-Barr, Filene’s, Foley’s, Hecht’s, Kaufmann’s, Lord & Taylor, L.S. Ayres, Marshall Field’s, Meier & Frank, Robinsons-May, Strawbridge’s and The Jones Store, as well as a group of bridal and formalwear specialty stores across the country.
• We refocused our business on two exceptional national brands – Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s. More than 400 May Company stores will be converted to these nameplates in September 2006, and about 80 duplicate locations are being divested.
We also announced plans to divest Lord & Taylor and the Bridal Group in 2006. Through the conversions, Macy’s will grow to more than 800 locations and Bloomingdale’s will add at least four new locations.
• We also entered into a strategic alliance with Citigroup by selling Federated’s proprietary and co-branded Visa credit card receivables to Citigroup. The sale involves multiple transactions to be completed by the third quarter of 2006. Included are Federated and May Company proprietary and Visa receivables.
• We achieved measurable progress on our four strategic priorities – assortments, price simplification, improving the shopping experience and marketing. Movement on each priority is described in more detail on pages 4-9 of this report.
Federated not only is larger today, but we’re also more focused, more creative and more attuned to serving the needs of our core customers, market by market. We are an industry leader with an opportunity to reshape how fashion is delivered to the American consumer.
Clearly, we are in the process of creating something that
does not exist – a premier fashion retailer with strong national brands and regional buying and decision-making that’s right for the customers of each individual store. This is how we
put customers first, and how we will maximize value to
our shareholders.
May Company Integration
Integrating two retailers of the size and scope of Federated and May Company is a significant undertaking. Fortunately, Federated will benefit from the company’s experience in successfully integrating other acquisitions over the past dozen years, including Macy’s, Broadway Stores and Liberty House.
 page two

   Effective February 1, 2006, we realigned the company’s stores into eight retail operating divisions – seven Macy’s and one Bloomingdale’s. Two new Macy’s divisions, St. Louis-based Macy’s Midwest and Minneapolis-based Macy’s North,
were created in areas of the country where the presence of the Macy’s brand will expand significantly in fall 2006. Concurrently, five existing Macy’s divisions – Macy’s East, Macy’s Florida, Macy’s Northwest, Macy’s South (formerly Macy’s Central) and Macy’s West – were expanded to incorporate new stores and geographic markets serving millions of new Macy’s customers.
Through the integration process, we were able to identify and retain many of the very best people from the May Company organization. This includes store management and associates, as well as May Company corporate and division executives in merchandising, operations and specialized support functions.
We will be making dramatic changes to the assortments
in former May Company locations as we tailor our offering door-by-door. This includes introducing Macy’s private brands throughout all of the former May Company stores in fall 2006 and offering more exclusive and differentiated merchandise from market vendors.
We are optimistic about our strategy to improve our stores to provide both a better shopping experience for customers and enhanced financial results for shareholders.
We’ve already begun the process of investing to “reinvent” stores acquired from May Company. Over the next several years, our plan is to reinvent stores accounting for 70 percent of the sales volume of former May Company locations. In all, over the 2006-2008 period, we expect to spend as much as $4 billion on new stores, store improvements, systems and e-commerce infrastructure. This includes a capital budget
of $1.6 billion in 2006.
Cost synergies remain an important component of the May Company integration. We are on track to achieve our initial estimates to realize approximately $175 million in cost synergies in 2006 and at least $450 million in annual cost synergies in 2007 and beyond.
A Commitment to Marketing
A key benefit of the May Company acquisition and Macy’s brand conversion is our ability to market and advertise Macy’s on a truly nationwide basis for the first time as we move to a common promotional calendar. Macy’s stores will be located in virtually every major geographic area
of the United States, supported by an enhanced online shopping experience on macys.com.
We believe we have an extraordinary opportunity to transcend the traditional realm of retail store marketing and to establish Macy’s as a leading American consumer brand that stands for fashion and affordable luxury.
Fostering Success at Bloomingdale’s
Although much of the spotlight related to the May Company integration has focused on Macy’s, it’s also important to stress the outstanding performance and strategic progress at Bloomingdale’s, the nation’s only nationwide, full-line, upscale department store.
Bloomingdale’s was among Federated’s best performing divisions in 2005 and continues to be recognized for its originality, innovation and fashion leadership. This brand’s allure was demonstrated in 2005 when Bloomingdale’s completed and unveiled The New View, a major remodel
of the third floor at its 59th Street flagship in New York City.
Bloomingdale’s will be growing again in 2006 and 2007 with the conversion of four former May Company locations in Southern California, Boston and suburban Washington, D.C., as well as the opening of a spectacular new West Coast flagship store in San Francisco.
An Exciting Road Ahead
We remain extremely optimistic and excited about the road ahead for our company as we capitalize on the opportunities in Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s as national brands. While
2006 will be a year of integration and transition, we expect significant improvement in 2007. Our goal is to accelerate same-store sales to at least 3 percent per year, and to improve EBITDA and cash flow. By the 2008-2009 period,
we expect to reach an EBITDA rate of 14-15 percent, our historical peak levels of profitability, adjusted for the impact of the sale of credit portfolios.
We have no delusions that everything will go perfectly
in the next year or two. Bringing together Federated and May Company is a very complex process involving large and multi-dimensional businesses. But we have a solid plan to handle what comes, as well as an experienced and motivated management team and organization that understands we have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to create something truly special on the American retailing scene.
Thank you for your support in this process and for believing in Federated as we re-shape our future.
  NATIONWIDE BRANDS. REGIONAL DECISIONS. CUSTOMERS FIRST.
