                To Our Shareholders:
Fiscal 2011 was the third consecutive year of significantly improved financial performance at Macy’s, Inc., and I am very proud of the sustained positive momentum in our company.
What you are seeing emerge at Macy’s, Inc. is the result of the culture of growth that we have been building since we reorganized the company in 2008 and 2009. We have the right long-term strategies in place to win with our customers in the years ahead. Meanwhile, our very talented organization is executing superbly on each key strategy.
Simply put, we have been hitting on all cylinders — gaining market share, strengthening customer loyalty and maintaining efficiencies in our operations, all against the backdrop of
a stagnant economic environment. Our growth has been balanced — involving both Macy’s and Bloomingdale’s, stores and online, virtually every family of business and every region of the country.
Our progress and success is rooted in having become a customer-centric organization that embraces localization, a seamless omnichannel blending of stores, online and mobile, and more meaningful customer engagement on the selling floor.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
Our company generated growth on all financial fronts in fiscal 2011:
• We added more than $1 billion in top-line sales in 2011 for
the second consecutive year. Same-store sales rose a very healthy 5.3 percent, on top of an increase of 4.6 percent in 2010. Going into 2011, we had forecast a 3 percent increase for the year. We exceeded that target by a wide margin.
• Online sales (macys.com and bloomingdales.com combined)
grew by 40 percent year-over-year in 2011, on top of growth of 29 percent in 2010 and 20 percent in 2009.
• Diluted earnings per share, adjusted for a gain on store
leases, costs associated with store closings and expenses associated with the early retirement of debt, grew by 36 percent in 2011, on top of double-digit increases in each
of 2009 and 2010 (see Supplemental Operating Results on page 3 for a reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure to the most comparable GAAP measure).
• Our EBITDA rate reached 13.1 percent in 2011, reflecting
steady improvement toward our goal of 14 percent to
15 percent (see Supplemental Operating Results on
page 3 for a reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure
to the most comparable GAAP measure).
• Net cash provided by operating activities was $2.093 billion in fiscal 2011, compared with $1.506 billion in fiscal 2010. This includes $375 million in pension plan contributions in fiscal 2011, compared with $825 million in fiscal 2010.
• Net cash flow before financing activities was $1.476 billion in fiscal 2011, compared with $1.041 billion in fiscal 2010
(see Supplemental Operating Results on page 3 for a
reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure to the most
comparable GAAP measure).
• We repaid $454 million in debt in 2011 in addition to the $1.245 billion of debt repaid in 2010. This helped us to regain investment-grade status at S&P and Moody’s.
• Return On Invested Capital (ROIC) — a key measure of
operating productivity — rose significantly in 2011, the third consecutive year of improvement.
ENHANCED SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
The results and momentum in our company have driven
enhanced returns to our shareholders.
During fiscal 2011, the price of Macy’s, Inc. common stock
rose by nearly 50 percent, and the share price has nearly quadrupled since the beginning of fiscal 2009.
We doubled our cash dividend on common stock to an annualized 40 cents per share, beginning with the quarterly payment on July 1, 2011. Effective with the quarterly payment on April 2, 2012, the dividend will double
again to an annualized 80 cents per share.
In late August 2011, we resumed our share repurchase program using excess cash, having reached our target credit ratios earlier than expected. In fiscal 2011, we repurchased
a total of 16.4 million shares for approximately $500 million. Going into fiscal 2012, the company had remaining authorization to repurchase approximately $1.352 billion of common stock, including a $1 billion increase in authorization approved by the board of directors in January 2012.
STRATEGIC ADVANCEMENTS AT MACY’S
Three key strategic initiatives — My Macy’s localization, omnichannel integration and MAGIC Selling — combined to drive sales growth at Macy’s in 2011. We believe we still are in the early stages of implementation in each, and we have intensified planning for future improvement in 2012 and beyond.
• With My Macy’s localization, we continue to tailor the
merchandise assortment and shopping experience in every store location for the customer who shops there. We believe
 PAGE1
   TERRY J. LUNDGREN
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
       
                this has created a sustainable competitive advantage for Macy’s, and we have made significant progress over the past three years to offer our customers the right products in the right place at the right time.
• In late 2011, we launched a new internal initiative called “My Macy’s 2.0.” It involves a series of targeted initiatives — each guided by a team of our most talented executives — aimed at further refining the way we serve local customers.
• The omnichannel strategy involves integrating our stores, the
Internet and mobile devices so we can surround our customers at every turn and deploy all of the company’s inventory (no matter where it may be located) to serve their needs. A pivotal part of the omnichannel strategy is our capability to allow associates in any store to sell a product that may be out of stock locally by selecting merchandise from other stores or
our online fulfillment centers for shipment to the customer’s door. Likewise, our online fulfillment centers can draw on store inventories nationwide to fill orders that originate on the Internet or via mobile devices.
• At the end of 2011, we had 23 Macy’s stores set up to pick and ship orders from other stores or the Internet. By the end of 2012, we expect to have approximately 290 Macy’s stores set up for shipping, on top of the inventories in four primary online fulfillment centers that will be in operation by year-end.
• We continue to experiment with a wide range of new technologies, both in store and online, that improve the customer shopping experience. These include using tablet computers in selected departments in stores, piloting tap- and-pay mobile technology, offering customers paperless digital receipts, accelerating the adoption of QR code technology to engage shoppers, and delivering special offers to shoppers via Foursquare, Shopkick, Google and Facebook, among other pervasive social media.
• Macy’s strategy of MAGIC Selling, launched two years ago,
is how we are improving customer engagement in our stores. We train every associate to Meet and make a connection ... Ask questions and listen ... Give options, give advice ... Inspire to buy and Celebrate the purchase. To date, Macy’s store associates have been through more than 1 million hours of MAGIC training. And the results are showing in our same- store sales growth.
• As part of the MAGIC Selling process, we are placing ever- more emphasis on coaching of sales associates on the selling floor by their managers. We are providing more tools, training, resources and encouragement to the sales managers. We
rely on them to show associates — particularly new hires — the Macy’s way for taking great care of our customer on a consistent basis. Our Net Promoter Scores, which measure customer satisfaction store-by-store and day-by-day, have been rising in tandem with sales.
Macy’s continues its legacy of offering merchandise from the best and most-wanted brands, and in providing customers genuine value — the right combination of fashion and quality at a good price. Much of Macy’s merchandise assortment is clearly unique. In 2011, about 43 percent of merchandise sold at Macy’s was exclusive or in limited distribution. This includes Macy’s outstanding portfolio of private brands, which account for about 20 percent of sales.
We will intensify our efforts in 2012 and beyond to better serve the needs of Millennial customers, those between the ages of
13 and 30, now our nation’s largest generation. Our plans include re-focusing the merchandise assortments in the mstylelab and Impulse departments so they are more exciting and relevant to these fast-fashion customers, as well as stepping up the shopping experience and store environments.
In early 2012, we began one of the largest capital investments
in the history of our company — the top-to-bottom renovation of Macy’s Herald Square flagship store in New York City. This four-year, $400 million reinvention will make Herald Square the world’s most exciting, interesting and technologically advanced department store. In the course of the project, we will be repurposing 100,000 square feet from offices and stockrooms to selling space, restoring the grandeur of the building’s exterior, creating dazzling updated presentations of new and expanded merchandise space, and significantly expanding the men’s
store. To the delight of shoppers, we are creating the world’s largest women’s shoe department (with 39,000 square feet of continuous selling space), which is expected to open in fall 2012.
Continued SuCCeSS at Bloomingdale’S
Bloomingdale’s had another great year in 2011, with sales growth that again compared favorably with its upscale competitors. The brand capitalized on its strength of showcasing top designers, including new talent making fashion headlines. Its omnichannel strategy is helping build a nationwide presence, serving sophisticated customers who may not have a local Bloomingdale’s store but know and love the brand from their travels and previous experience.
Capitalizing on the strength of smaller, carefully edited fashion stores opened in recent years in SoHo in New York City and Santa Monica, CA, Bloomingdale’s has announced it will open a new store in Glendale, CA, in fall 2013, as well as a new replacement store in Palo Alto, CA, in spring 2014.
Bloomingdale’s continues to test its outlet store concept, which launched in 2010. We added three new outlet stores in 2011, bringing the current store count to seven, with another five scheduled to open in 2012.
FoCuSed on growth
Going into 2012, we at Macy’s, Inc. are fully focused on maintaining the path of growth that has served us well over the past three years. We believe this will be another exciting year with significant opportunity. We are committed to continuing to experiment, including piloting and testing new ideas that we can scale up quickly if they are successful. And we fully expect to maintain our leadership role in merchandising, product development, marketing, store management and other key aspects of the business.
Our team at Macy’s is unsurpassed in talent and in generating tangible results. We continue to attract, retain and develop the best people in retailing. They are energized and motivated to leverage the momentum we have built and to continue to break new ground in serving customer needs.
Thank you for your support.
terry J. lundgren
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 PAGE2
