FRO M LEFT TO RI G H T:

Ajay Banga President and Chief Executive Officer Richard Haythornthwaite Chairman of the Board of Directors

ACHIEVING OUR VISION: A WORLD BEYOND CASH

Looking forward, we will continue our leadership role in industry efforts to ensure payment safety and security for everyone--this, after all, is the cornerstone of our business.
On all fronts 2013 was a good year. We invested in our people, our products and our technology. We focused on driving the conversion from cash to electronic payments, and at the same time, we worked with governments and other partners to advance financial inclusion. Through these efforts, we achieved strong financial results, including net revenue and earnings per share growth. We continue to deliver against our long-term financial objectives and see tremendous opportunity to displace cash and checks, which still account for 85 percent of the world's transactions. new areas of growth in markets around the world, expanding acceptance and developing new relationships with leading telcos, technology providers, handset manufacturers, retailers, mass transit operators, just to name a few. And we continue to build our business, taking advantage of opportunities presented by the ongoing convergence of the physical and digital worlds, and by using our data analytics, loyalty solutions and fraud detection and protection services. When you're a technology company in the payments industry, every transaction is important. We made new investments in our processing capabilities, including the recent acquisition of Provus, a provider of issuer and acquirer processing, prepaid solutions and ATM processing services in Turkey. That, coupled with our acquisition of Trevica, allows us to increase our processing presence in high-growth markets in Europe.

DELIVERING VALUE
Our goal is to deliver value and better ways to pay. We do this by expanding our core products globally, including credit, debit, prepaid and commercial programs and solutions. We seek

Creating better shopping and selling experiences drives us to build innovative platforms and products for consumers and merchants. Through MasterPassTM, a globally interactive platform, we offer a digital wallet service that makes shopping and selling experiences simpler, faster and safer. By the end of 2013, we signed more than 30,000 merchants and numerous bank partners, and we were live in five markets with many more in the pipeline.

That's why we, along with other industry leaders, announced a new global standard using tokens to enhance the security of digital payments and simplify the purchasing experience when shopping on a mobile phone, tablet, personal computer or other smart device.

THE JOURNEY CONTINUES
Looking forward, we will continue our leadership role in industry efforts to ensure payment safety and security for everyone--this, after all, is the cornerstone of our business. We will remain focused on achieving our vision and advancing financial inclusion around the world. At the same time, we will continue to create innovative solutions as the physical and digital worlds converge. We are proud to note that MasterCard has earned recognition from various organizations for our people, our brand and as a fantastic place to work. Every day, our employees around the world are focused on making payments easier and making a difference in their communities. With their passion, creativity, dedication to help others and an unyielding commitment to make payments safe, simple and smart, our 8,200 employees prove that it is possible to do well and do good. To our shareholders, thank you for your continued support in helping us grow.

ADVANCING FINANCIAL INCLUSION
MasterCard is working on government-based financial inclusion projects in more than 25 countries around the world. Here are three examples: In Nigeria, the government is piloting a national ID program that combines a biometric identification solution with our prepaid payment functionality and is the broadest financial inclusion initiative of its kind on the African continent. In Turkey, together with the Turkish government and DenizBank, we introduced a new Social Aid Card to bring innovation and efficiency to the country's welfare service. And in Lebanon and Jordan, we partnered with the United Nations World Food Programme to roll out innovative electronic vouchers that will allow hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees to meet their food needs and help boost the local economy.

OUR COMMITMENT TO SAFETY AND SECURITY
For more than 45 years, MasterCard has been an industry leader in safeguarding cardholder data. It's what consumers expect and what they deserve. As a founder and early proponent of EMV technology, our strategy to fight payments fraud relies heavily on enabling chip-based payments around the world. In 2012, we announced our plan for the U.S. migration to EMV chip technology. While EMV works in the physical space, we also need to make sure we're ahead of this issue in the digital space. Ajay Banga President and Chief Executive Officer Richard Haythornthwaite Chairman of the Board of Directors

