From the office of the President and Chief Executive Officer Robert W. Selander

In 2003, we demonstrated both the strength and the promise of our company. In the face of numerous challenges, we made good progress against our objectives and increased revenues while closely managing our expenses. At the same time, we moved forward with initiatives that will strategically position MasterCard for future growth.
Despite economic weakness, the outbreak of SARS, and geopolitical instability, cardholders worldwide used MasterCardbranded cards for some 15 billion transactions in 2003. This generated a purchase volume of $922 billion, an increase of 10 percent on a local currency basis over 2002, and a gross dollar volume (GDV) of $1.27 trillion, an increase of 5.9 percent on a local currency basis over 2002. Meanwhile, our customers have issued more than 632 million MasterCard-branded cards, 7 percent higher than a year ago. In addition, Maestro® , our online debit program, grew to 520 million cards, a 13.8 percent increase over 2002. Major debit brand conversions -- including Redeshop® in Brazil and Switch® in the United Kingdom -- have contributed to this increase and reflect a repositioning of MasterCard debit products to serve both crossborder and domestic market needs. We experienced growth in all but one of our regions around the world, with GDV rising 6.3 percent in North America, 13.5 percent in Europe, 31.2 percent in Latin America, and 17.5 percent in our South Asia, Middle East and Africa Region. Asia/Pacific was the only region in which GDV declined (by 9 percent), due primarily to the credit delinquency problem in Korea and the effect of SARS across the region. In the United States, which accounts for about half of our global GDV, transactions rose 7.6 percent last year, generating $637 billion in GDV. The number of MasterCard-branded cards, meanwhile, increased by 3.2 percent to 326 million. This performance helped us deal effectively with the hurdles before us, among them a class-action lawsuit brought against us by merchants in the United States. While we believe this lawsuit was without merit, we also believe that reaching an outof-court settlement was the best way to avoid the potential of significantly higher damages, given the inherent uncertainty of a jury trial. As a result, we agreed to a $1 billion settlement, which will be paid out over 10 years from U.S. revenues, and secured a general release of all claims in the litigation. After considering the tax benefit we will receive from this settlement and the time value of money, we took a charge to our equity of $486 million from the settlement and other merchant suits. Given our strong balance sheet, we chose to absorb this charge without assessing any of our members. Even as we work to replenish our capital, MasterCard remains in a solid financial position.

3

Moving Ahead Challenges aside, there was much to celebrate in 2003. Our revenues fared well, and excluding the impact of the settlement, our financials finished ahead of plan. We also continued to benefit from our 2002 integration with Europay, which created a unified, truly global organization -- one able to apply economies of scale and a wealth of intellectual capital to the task of delivering greater and greater value to our customers. We believe that revenue opportunities will continue to expand with a brand that travels everywhere and is accepted around the world. Our award-winning Priceless® campaign, whose concept strikes a common emotional chord in languages and cultures throughout the world, is a proven success. Clearly, this kind of brand power drives revenue for our customers. So, too, does a dynamic array of local and global alliances and sponsorships, which range from Major League Baseball® to the FIFA World Cup® .

What truly makes MasterCard different is the value we place in our customer relationships. Our goal is to help our customers succeed -- and to link the fortunes of our own company to their success.

While our cohesive approach to global branding clearly differentiates MasterCard, it is hardly the only attribute that sets our company apart. What truly makes MasterCard different is the value we place in our customer relationships. Our goal is to help our customers succeed -- and to link the fortunes of our own company to their success. Customer Focus In this light, a major accomplishment was the expansion of MasterCard Advisors, the first consulting, outsourcing, and information services group devoted entirely to the payments space. Throughout the year, Advisors helped customers maximize numerous card programs with expert advice and tailored solutions. Advisors epitomizes, more than anything, the strength of our relationship-based perspective, in which every customer has unique needs and objectives and deserves a unique set of solutions. Advisors -- along with our Global Development Group and its Centers of Excellence (Debit, Chip, Mobile/Wireless, and e-Commerce) -- is aimed at anticipating the needs of our customers and enabling us to deliver more value. Thanks to resources like these, our customers are realizing new opportunities to increase cardholder satisfaction and to tap into new revenue streams. The year, for example, saw an increase in MasterCard smart cards (to 150 million), more than half of which have value-added applications such as loyalty rewards, digital ID, e-ticketing, e-coupons, or personal data storage. MasterCard PayPassTM , our contactless payment solution, also advanced with highly successful U.S. pilot programs in Orlando, Florida, and Dallas, Texas. Issuing banks have been favorably surprised to find that PayPass offers two important revenueenhancing benefits: a means of capturing transactions that are typically cash based and, because cardholders like the convenience, a way to activate dormant cards and materially increase activity on card accounts. Retailers benefit from faster throughput in small-purchase, high-volume locations and appreciate the customer loyalty associated with this cutting-edge point-of-sale technology.

4

In the realm of corporate payments, a prime example of innovation is MasterCard e-P3TM , a next-generation procurement platform for enterprise users. e-P3 is the first complete solution to integrate and automate purchasing, presentment, and payment, and provide enhanced information. As such, it creates a powerful new and flexible way for our customers to capture enterprise business. This kind of value-added innovation would clearly be impossible without an ability to listen, anticipate, and respond to the needs and opportunities of our customers. Of course, innovation would hardly matter if we also didn't master the basics -- that is, provide the fastest, most reliable, and most secure processing available. Over the past five years, through our Systems Enhancement Strategy, we've created an unparalleled transaction-processing platform. This upgrade allows us to deliver the flexibility, speed, security, and local customization our customers demand. The Right Course Today, our customers can depend on superior service and support wherever they are, whether they operate regionally, across a continent, or around the world. They can depend, as well, on a diverse workforce that is among the most expert and experienced in the payments industry. Our workforce consists of a team of professionals highly trained and motivated by a work environment cited as among the best. Computerworld, Working Mother, and Hispanic magazines all recognized MasterCard in 2003 as a top workplace. Similarly, CartaCapital magazine named MasterCard one of the most admired companies in Brazil. In our business, a major truth is that success doesn't only breed success -- it also attracts attention. As we have done in the past, we must continue to anticipate and handle our challenges -- including those posed by regulators and the courts -- forthrightly, while keeping our focus on the tremendous potential in the payments space. As the world moves toward new forms of payment and as consolidation drives competition in our sector, it will become more important than ever to be the best global business partner by anticipating trends, working with customers, meeting their needs, and leveraging profitable opportunities. Thinking, doing, and delivering -- I believe our performance in 2003 validates this approach -- and in the years ahead, its wisdom will become ever more apparent.

Robert W. Selander President and Chief Executive Officer March 2004

5

