MasterCard Worldwide. TM The Heart of Commerce.

From left to right:

Ajay Banga President and Chief Executive Officer Richard Haythornthwaite Chairman of the Board of Directors Robert W. Selander Executive Vice Chairman

Chairman's Message

Dear Fellow Shareholders:
In business, as in any pursuit, timing is everything. And there has never been a better time to reflect on where we've come as a company and consider where we're going in this new era. Over the past few years, we've worked hard to transform MasterCard and to better position ourselves to capitalize on the vast opportunities in global payments. As a result, our worldwide organization is stronger and more engaged than ever, and our board of directors brings together a great diversity of strengths and backgrounds. We've also been extremely successful in strengthening our leadership ranks -- a fact best exemplified by the two gentlemen who present this year's report, our outgoing CEO Bob Selander and his successor, Ajay Banga. Since 1997, Bob has prepared our company for a new world in which electronic payments, in whatever form, are rapidly becoming the currency of choice. He led key initiatives that enhanced our competitiveness, drove our emergence as a public company, and, perhaps most critically, helped navigate our company through the toughest economic environment the world has seen since the Great Depression. Bob was precisely the right leader at the right time. He brought our organization, brands, products, and services into the 21st century. He strengthened our global payments network; launched our legendary Priceless advertising platform; and, led the formation of MasterCard Advisors, a consultancy of immense value to customers and merchants. He made investments -- even in difficult times -- that are shaping the future of electronic payments. We thank him for his strong leadership and look forward to his counsel as Executive Vice Chairman for the remainder of 2010. That said, there's no better moment to welcome Ajay Banga because, like Bob, he is precisely the right leader, at the right time. Ajay has the global perspective we need, having gained critical experience in diverse industries and, of particular importance, in diverse geographies around the world. He also has a wealth of experience in consumer products, retail banking, and electronic payments -- an ideal combination of skills and expertise. He is deeply focused on payments innovation and the value that innovations deliver to people and societies worldwide. Ajay joined us last year as President and Chief Operating Officer and took over as President and CEO on July 1st of this year. Without question, he's the leader we need to drive our business forward as we advance commerce globally. We welcome him to the helm of MasterCard in this unique and truly promising time.

Richard Haythornthwaite Chairman of the Board of Directors July 2010

2

MasterCard Annual Report 2009

Executive Letter

Dear Fellow Shareholders:
We are very pleased with the results MasterCard delivered in 2009 and in the first quarter of 2010, particularly in light of the challenging economic environment. Even more importantly, we are confident in the opportunities that lie ahead. We are in an excellent position to write a new chapter in our company's history as we drive innovation at the heart of commerce and deliver value to societies in markets worldwide.
As economic trends and events reshape the payments landscape, prospects are favorable. Emerging markets offer tremendous opportunities; technological advances are driving new and innovative product ideas; and, the secular trend toward electronic payments continues to gather force. Worldwide, consumers, businesses, and even governments are demanding safer, faster, easier, more controllable, and more rewarding payment alternatives. In this era of change, we're committed to leveraging our strengths, insights, and integrated solutions to drive innovation -- and to advance commerce for everyone, everywhere. Solid Performance and a World of Opportunities Throughout 2009, we focused our attention on reducing expenses, improving margins, and realigning our resources to capitalize on the most promising geographic and market opportunities. These actions enabled us to achieve solid results despite the challenging environment. Around the world the payments industry offers tremendous growth potential. In the United States -- our most established market -- opportunities continue to emerge, particularly in prepaid, e-commerce, and debit. Markets in Africa, Asia, Canada, Europe, Latin America, and the Middle East offer even greater potential, so we've positioned ourselves to make the most of those growing opportunities. Already, more than half of our revenues are generated outside the U.S. In the years ahead, we fully expect to continue growing, not only in markets where electronic payments are in their infancy, but in developed, underpenetrated markets in many parts of the world. An Advanced Global Network; World-Renowned Brands In enumerating our strengths, it's fitting to start with the MasterCard Worldwide Network. In 2009, our network processed over 22 billion transactions, a nearly 7 percent rise over 2008. This growth was achieved with a high degree of accuracy, reliability, and security, as well as the flexibility to enable our customers to deliver custom-tailored products to cardholders worldwide. Our payments network is unique in the industry in that it seamlessly blends the speed and reliability of a distributed network with the real-time availability and cardholder-level processing of a centralized network. By dynamically adapting to the needs of each transaction, our network helps customers control their operational and fraud-related costs. At the same time, it enables growth through portfolio differentiation, as well as emerging markets and payment technologies. In addition, we continually invest in ways to strategically expand our processing capabilities in the payments value chain. In 2008, we introduced MasterCard Integrated Processing Solutions (IPS), a MasterCard-engineered issuer processing platform designed to provide global customers with a complete processing solution. IPS helps create differentiated products and services and allows quick deployment of

Key 2009 Highlights
Net Revenue

Net Income

Operating Margin Gross Dollar Volume Processed Transactions MasterCardBranded Credit and Debit Cards* Maestro Cards*

Total Cards*

$5.1B $1.5B 44.3% $2.5T 22B 966M 659M 1.6B

T=Trillion, B=Billion, M=Million *As of December 31, 2009

www.mastercard.com

3

Delivering Value Direct to Consumers
We continue to strongly leverage our brands, whether through sponsorships, experiences, or new cardholder tools. Some highlights: · MasterCardMarketPlace.com: As one of our e-commerce initiatives, we launched MasterCard MarketPlace. This exciting online shopping destination powered by Next Jump offers discounts and privileges from thousands of merchants across the United States.

payment portfolios across banking channels. In 2009, Swiss Bankers Prepaid Services Ltd., whose Travel Cash Maestro prepaid cards are issued in more than 120 countries, signed on, as did Travelex Group, the world's largest issuer of foreign currency prepaid cards. Globally, our network supports 1.6 billion MasterCard- and Maestro®branded cards, which are now welcomed at over 30 million locations around the world and hundreds of thousands of sites online. Our world-renowned brands drive value for financial institutions seeking to increase usage, merchants striving to attract customers, and consumers seeking greater ease and convenience no matter where in the world they go. In addition, we continue to leverage the power of our brands through sponsorships, popular digital tools, promotions, and our award-winning Priceless advertising campaign, which to date has run in 110 countries and 51 languages. These assets help drive affinity and loyalty for MasterCard, as well as for our customers and merchant partners. Innovations That Expand the Field of Play At MasterCard, we believe that combining our industry expertise with the diverse insights of our global workforce and new technological advancements is the most effective way to drive innovation. That's why we recently announced the establishment of MasterCard Labs, a new research and development arm aimed at bringing innovative payment solutions to market faster than ever before. Drawing on talent from across the organization, MasterCard Labs allows us to develop and test new ideas that keep us at the forefront of advancing commerce globally. It also ensures that we meet the changing and diverse needs of consumers in local markets. The unit's first initiative was the launch of Open Application Programming Interfaces (Open APIs). By unlocking previously proprietary payments and data services, Open APIs allow third-party and independent software developers to create a new wave of future applications. These initiatives represent the latest chapter in our long tradition of innovation that includes advances such as inControl, MoneySend®, and MasterCard PayPass® , the industry's leading contactless payments solution. Around the world, PayPass continues to gain popularity with consumers in cash-heavy, quick-pay environments. Already accepted in a number of major mass-transit systems, PayPass continues to gain traction, with programs and pilots launched in Istanbul, Liverpool, London, metropolitan New York, Paris, and Rio de Janeiro. In addition, PayPass made its debut in the Caribbean, as well as in Germany with Maestro, through the Payback merchant network, representing Europe's first major merchant-funded rewards and loyalty program. At this writing, there are now over 75 million PayPass-enabled cards and devices in use -- and more than 230,000 merchant locations that accept them worldwide. MasterCard also continues to lead the way in advancing mobile phonebased payments, which allow cardholders to use their phones as financial management tools. Our latest development is the MasterCard Mobile Payments Gateway, a platform that enables banks and mobile operators to deliver end-to-end solutions through our payments network.

· A Host of MasterCard Apps: We've launched powerful apps for iPhone® and BlackBerry. One example is the MasterCard ATM Hunter ® App, which helps consumers find the nearest ATM while on the go. ATM Hunter is available globally. · Priceless Giftfinder: Our partnership with Amazon made it easy for consumers to find the right holiday gifts in 2009 while managing their budgets online. · Programa Surpreenda: Portuguese for "surprise," Surpreenda is an online platform that offers consumers in Brazil special rewards and card usage incentives. · The Selection: Our pathway to Priceless® moments for premium Russian cardholders features tailored experiences and special offers from luxury merchants at home and abroad. · Fashion: Across Asia, the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America, we're boosting our fashion profile and delivering valuable offers to consumers through special promotions and events, such as the Asia Fashion Exchange. · Sports and Entertainment: Our sponsorship of popular sporting events includes major golf and soccer competitions -- like the PGA TOUR® and the UEFA Champions League. Furthermore we sponsor Rugby World Cup 2011 and Major League Baseball. Entertainment sponsorships include high-profile events such as the GRAMMY Awards, the BRIT Awards, and Jazz at Lincoln Center.

4

MasterCard Annual Report 2009

Innovation: Advancing New Ways to Make Payments
We continue to make investments in innovative products and solutions that are shaping the future of payments. Among the highlights: · Mobile: Our 2009 launch of the MasterCard Mobile Payments Gateway allowed banks and mobile network operators in emerging markets to advance payments via mobile phones and included game-changing mobile P2P money transfers. In Brazil, for example, we are working to enable consumers to link their mobile phones to MasterCard and Maestro credit and debit accounts. At the same time, in developed markets, our MoneySend P2P money transfer functionality was expanded, allowing consumers to transfer funds between any type of MasterCard or Maestro cards. · inControl: Our development and launch of MasterCard inControlTM represents a leading innovation in cardholder empowerment. The inControl platform helps consumers and corporations manage spending on credit and debit cards by determining when, where, how, and for what purpose the cards can be used. A number of financial institutions in Europe and the U.S. are already offering this functionality. With cost control now top of mind for just about everyone, MasterCard inControl is a timely, convenient solution that addresses today's cardholder needs. · Prepaid: Social Security recipients can now receive benefits from the U.S. Treasury Department more efficiently thanks to MasterCard Direct Express prepaid cards issued by Comerica. In 2010, this program reached the one-million card milestone. On the corporate side, MasterCard worked with Walmart Stores Inc., one of the largest employers, to provide prepaid payroll cards to their Walmart and Sam's Club associates in the U.S. Finally, on the consumer sid side, we partnered with Univision to introduce int a prepaid card that gives the U.S. Hispanic community a safe sa and cost-effective alterna alternative to cash.

MasterCard-enabled phones allow users to manage accounts, pay bills, and, with the addition of PayPass capabilities, to make purchases at participating merchants and points of sale. On the commercial side, we launched a commercial mobile PayPass program in Korea with LG U+ and Shinhan Card. The phones contain a PayPass chip card that allows them to be used not only for contactless payment transactions, but as a contactless travel pass and for identification purposes. At the same time, our person-to-person (P2P) MasterCard MoneySend® platform makes it easier than ever to transfer funds to family and friends, whether across the street or across borders, in 17 countries. Through phones, the Internet, and ATMs, our innovative P2P solutions are advancing worldwide, allowing cardholders to make account-to-card and card-to-card transfers in seconds. P2P options are a particular boon in an age of an increasingly global workforce, allowing workers to send money home instantly, while avoiding the hassle and expense of checks, money orders, and wire transfers. Our penchant for innovation extends to programs for large companies and small businesses as well -- one reason we've been named the world's top corporate card and expense management provider by Global Finance magazine. Throughout the economic downturn, controlling costs has been top of mind for every company. Our response: to work closely with both customers and merchants to develop programs that help companies manage spending while enjoying savings and rewards. One example includes the MasterCard Easy Savings® Program for Small Business, which enables companies in Canada, the U.S., and the U.K. to save on a wide range of goods and services. MasterCard inControl, meanwhile, helps companies manage spending. We're also committed to helping customers control costs and ensure cardholder confidence by providing Expert Monitoring Solutions, a highly advanced suite of fraud prevention products. By enabling financial institutions to identify fraud before it happens, MasterCard is delivering added value to customers and protecting cardholders. Insights That Drive Tailored Payments Solutions MasterCard also leads the way as a primary source of actionable insights and intelligence leveraged by issuers, merchants, and governments in markets worldwide. Based on a wealth of data, our insights are delivered through information services, data analytics, and MasterCard Advisors®, our unique professional services organization. Among our reports, the most widely followed is MasterCard Advisors' SpendingPulse® . SpendingPulse offers timely views of spending on everything from gasoline to apparel and has become vital to understanding consumer trends and behavior in the U.S. and the U.K. In addition, earlier this year, we launched MasterCard Advisors' Merchant Solutions, a new offering that is squarely focused on helping merchants improve performance. Aside from creating a deeper and broader understanding of economic trends, our insights drive the development of targeted,

www.mastercard.com

5

Global Citizenship
At MasterCard, we're proud of our role in society, as both an enterprise and corporate citizen. We strongly believe in the inherent benefits our payments solutions deliver: increasing local commercial activity, driving e-commerce, creating ng efficiencies for governments, and enabling unbanked and underbanked individuals als in remote towns and villages to participate more fully in the global economy. At the same time, our people take pride in being good corporate citizens, whether er promoting education, supporting communities, or coming to the aid of those in need. Some highlights: · Educating New Cardholders: We continue to design and support efforts worldwide to increase financial skills among cardholders in both developed and developing economies. Many such efforts focus on young people, whether in Japan, where a financial education website was a hit among recent college graduates, or in the United States, where young adults participated in the "Are You Credit Wise?" program, which trains college students to teach financial management to their peers. In Latin America, we expanded our consumer education program in all markets and hosted our first series of basic financial courses in one of Brazil's most underserved communities. · Disaster Relief: In early 2010, our people led efforts to help the hundreds of thousands left homeless by the tragic earthquakes that struck Haiti and Chile. MasterCard waived interchange fees on donations made with U.S.-issued MasterCard cards to the American Red Cross, AmeriCares, U.S. Fund for UNICEF, Save the Children, Doctors Without Borders, Partners In Health, World Vision, and the United Way. Similar moves were also announced by MasterCard regional offices. In addition, we made a corporate donation of $250,000 to the American Red Cross while doublematching employee contributions to relief funds.
One MasterCard Pur Purchase with Purpose ini initiative helped fund bi bicycles for children in Cambodia to use t to get to school.

· Promoting a Cause: Last year, MasterCard joined the United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM) in Singapore. As part of the MasterCard Purchase with PurposeTM social responsibility and citizenship platform, we helped stage a two-day UNIFEM "Buy to Save" charity event, offering shoppers a collection of gently used, highend designer clothing, shoes, bags, and accessories at a fraction of their original price. We also gave MasterCard cardholders an extra way to contribute by donating an additional $2 to UNIFEM with every sale.

highly differentiated products and services that meet the needs of today's consumers. A prime example lies in our premium card offerings, which deliver exclusive and personally valuable benefits to affluent cardholders. The past year has seen a number of exemplary program launches, among them the Permata Black Credit Card in Indonesia, offering exclusive travel, retail, and dining privileges; and, the BMO Bank of Montreal World Elite ® MasterCard card, which lets Canadian cardholders redeem points for merchandise, travel, and financial rewards. MasterCard also continues to partner with HSBC on its global Premier card program targeting internationally minded consumers. At the same time, we continue to gain traction in the debit space with our wide portfolio of offerings. In the U.S., for example, we announced a number of significant deals, including those with Fifth Third Bank, FirstMerit Bank, People's United Bank, SunTrust, and Woodforest Bank. In addition, Ally Bank announced that it will begin issuing Platinum Debit MasterCard cards to its online checking account holders. The momentum we experienced in the U.S. extended to other key regions, as well. We also continued to make inroads in debit that support the Single Euro Payments Area initiative and are building on strong relationships with retailers like Carrefour and Tesco. Meanwhile, in Mexico, we launched a Platinum Debit MasterCard card program with Banamex. As we leverage our insights to develop payment innovations that benefit society, we also proactively address legal and regulatory fronts. In Europe, we reached an interim agreement with the European Commission, which recognized the validity of cross-border interchange, and we continue to pursue our appeal of the Commission's 2007 decision on these fees. In the U.S., the enactment of the Credit Card Act, as well as passage of comprehensive financial regulatory reform legislation, has presented us and our customers with unique challenges in operating under new regulatory frameworks. We continue to work closely with lawmakers and regulators to ensure that our voices are heard and that they understand the value and impact of MasterCard's role in the payments industry. In Canada, meanwhile, we applauded the country's move to duality. This decision enables financial institutions to issue credit and debit cards of competing networks, creating new opportunities in a country where MasterCard is already the fastest-growing payments brand.

6

MasterCard Annual Report 2009

A Global Workforce That Makes Things Happen All other factors aside, we know that the best guarantee of success is a corporate culture that encourages leadership, teamwork, and accountability. To that end, we made adjustments to enhance our cross-functional mobility and are shifting resources to local markets to better serve our customers. In 2009 and early 2010, MasterCard was recognized far and wide as a top company and workplace. Fortune magazine rated us one of America's Most Admired Companies of 2009 and 2010; Barron's ranked us 9th in the most recent Barron's 500; and BusinessWeek 50 ranked us 10th in 2009. In addition, Working Mother recognized MasterCard as one of the 100 Best Companies; Leadership Excellence magazine ranked our leadership development program among the best; Training magazine included us on its "Training Top 125" list; and, DiversityInc placed us on its 25 Noteworthy Companies list. These are just a few examples of the accolades we've received. They reflect our firm commitment to building shareholder value, leadership development, and diversity and inclusion, all of which are essential to our growth and prosperity as a global enterprise. We are extremely fortunate to be guided by a Board of Directors that is rich in experience and international representation. It is with great sadness, however, that we acknowledge the passing of Board member Bernard "Bernie" S. Y. Fung earlier this year. Bernie, who served on our Board since June 2006, was an insightful and valued director, serving on our Human Resources and Compensation Committee. His integrity, leadership, and statesmanship contributed to MasterCard's success throughout the years. He is sorely missed as both a colleague and friend. Ready for Growth Innovation, insights, technology, brands, and -- above all -- people. As a company at the heart of commerce we're putting them all together. We're driving new payment solutions; making life easier and more rewarding for consumers; capturing an increasing share of transactions; building revenues for our customers and merchants; driving shareholder value; and, advancing commerce for everyone, everywhere. As we pass the reins of leadership and embrace this time of change and opportunity, MasterCard remains poised to capture the many prospects that continue to emerge in one of the world's most exciting and dynamic industries. Sincerely,

Ajay Banga President and Chief Executive Officer

Robert Selander Executive Vice Chairman

The MasterCard Foundation
The MasterCard Foundation is an independent, private charitable foundation headquartered in Toronto, Canada. It was established at the time of our initial public offering in May 2006, through the generosity of our customer financial institutions. Its mission is to advance effective and innovative programs in microfinance and youth education worldwide -- and its vision is to make the economy work for everyone. The Foundation believes that every person has the potential to transform their lives. The Foundation collaborates with a range of nonprofit and nongovernmental partners, such as BRAC, the Equity Group Foundation, Opportunity International, and Save the Children, among others, to advance self-sustaining and scalable solutions. By increasing access to microfinance and youth education programs in developing countries, the Foundation is helping people of all ages living in poverty realize their potential and achieve broader economic participation. To learn more, visit www.themastercardfoundation.org.

