www.mastercard.com

1

From left to right:

Ajay Banga President and Chief Executive Offi cer Richard Haythornthwaite Chairman of the Board of Directors

Dear Stockholders: On all fronts 2011 was a good year for MasterCard. We delivered strong financial results, including net revenue and earnings per share growth, as well as solid operational performance, with annual gross dollar volume, cross-border volume and processed transaction growth rates in the mid- to high-teens. These results are especially gratifying considering how economic uncertainty prevailed throughout the year. Also satisfying is the fact that we are off to an excellent start against our 2011­2013 long-term financial performance objectives.
Drivers of Growth Our business has global reach and has continued to experience momentum. The components of our growth can be broken into three primary drivers: trends in personal consumption expenditure; movement from paper-based transactions to electronic forms of payment; and our share of electronic payments. Our emphasis on these drivers is evident in our accomplishments as we continue to grow, diversify and build our business. We're growing our business by making investments in our product capabilities and business development. We've secured key deals in the credit, debit, prepaid and commercial space with Huntington, KeyBank, RBS Citizens, Sovereign and SunTrust, just to name a few. In Mexico, we partnered with the government and Banamex to launch commercial credit programs. This is just a small sampling of the inroads we have been making around the world. We're also diversifying our business by geographies and customers. Examples include, but are not limited to, our commercial alliance with China Union Pay; our U.K. public sector procurement wins; our relationship with Western Union, through which consumers around the world can use our prepaid cards to transfer and spend money; our renewed partnership with Poste Italiane, which represents Europe's largest social benefits card program; and our alliance with Airtel Africa. In addition, we're building new businesses through our Information Services; our acquisition of the prepaid card program management business of Travelex (now called Access Prepaid Worldwide); and our investment in mFoundry, considered the most popular mobile banking solution in the U.S. As we strengthen our business, we remain mindful of the Durbin Amendment and its potential impact on us and our U.S. customers. As issuers and merchants comply with the Federal Reserve rules, we're confident that our superior PIN debit offering will result in more U.S. debit cards with our mark on them and new opportunities to grow our debit business. The Power of Innovation Innovation is our focus--period. We're building financial inclusion and revolutionizing the way people pay, whether by using our traditional cards, our Tap & GoTM PayPass technology or mobile devices. In 2011, we forged many strategic partnerships to further drive innovation, including: Intel to secure online payments; Isis to help foster increased usage of near field communications (NFC) for mobile payments; and Google, Sprint, Orange and Samsung Card to drive commercialization in mobile.

2

MasterCard Annual Report 2011

We also formed joint ventures with Telefónica, moves that will lead the development of mobile financial solutions in markets throughout Latin America, allowing us to reach more than 87 million Movistar customers and 65 million Vivo customers. In addition, we used and continue to use MasterCard Labs to test ideas and to challenge our employees to create new solutions. We also developed a roadmap to advance the U.S. electronic payments system, beginning with a migration to EMV chip technology. The roadmap focuses on upgrading the infrastructure that will support the next generation of products and services. These efforts will enable consumers to shop and pay in a way that best fits their needs with a simple tap, touch or click. We believe that our initiatives, along with the intelligence of our technology, data analytics and investments in security, are propelling us toward a world beyond cash. Our People and Social Responsibility In local markets around the world, our employees are on the ground applying their diverse insights and expertise to capture new opportunities while delivering value to our stakeholders. We're proud of our people and thank them for their contributions. We're also proud of our role as a good corporate citizen. In fact, we're committed to furthering financial inclusion through entrepreneurship and, in 2011, partnered with organizations like the Grameen Foundation, the Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship and Junior Achievement, just to name a few. At the same time, we focused on empowering youth, particularly those most in need. This is evident in our work with the Prince's Trust in the U.K. and the International Youth Foundation in India. Social responsibility clearly permeates our culture, as our employees are actively engaged in various philanthropic causes. In 2011, we also harnessed the power of our brand to make a difference. Through our Eat, Drink and Be Generous campaign, consumers and restaurants helped us raise $4 million for Stand Up To Cancer by using their MasterCard cards. An Eye Toward the Future Without question, there is an air of excitement throughout our organization, driven by innovative thinking, new partnerships, positive trends and an overall drive to win.

This spirit has only been heightened by the launch of our vision, mission and values, which underscores our commitment to delivering meaningful benefits to consumers, merchants, business partners, governments and communities throughout the world. As a technology company that's a key player in the payments industry, we're leveraging our technology and expertise to benefit people of all demographics--from the underserved to the affluent--as well as governments and businesses, large and small. Importantly, we are well positioned to capture new opportunities and to continue delivering value to our constituents as well as to you, our stockholders. With 85 percent of the world's transactions still made with cash and checks, there is plenty of room for us to grow and for billions of people to benefit from our innovative products and solutions. We have their best interests in mind and firmly believe that achieving our vision of a world beyond cash will make payments safer, simpler and smarter. To us, that's priceless.

Richard Haythornthwaite Chairman of the Board of Directors

Ajay Banga President and Chief Executive Officer

