Robert W. Selander
President and Chief Executive Officer

For MasterCard, 2005 was truly a remarkable year -- one of the strongest and most memorable in our company's history. Not only did we achieve impressive financial results, we began a historic transformation resulting in fundamental changes to our governance and ownership structure. The momentum of the past year's events culminated in 2006, with our initial public offering on May 25. That date marked a turning point for our organization, providing MasterCard with a distinct competitive advantage in the marketplace. As we celebrate our 40th anniversary in 2006, we also celebrate a new name, MasterCard Worldwide -- a name that captures not only our expanded vision of where we're going, but also the profound impact we continue to have on financial transactions around the world.

3

Letter to Shareholders

Unveiling the New MasterCard Over the past year, we began to articulate a much broader value proposition -- establishing MasterCard not merely as a card company, or even a global payments leader, but as a driving force at the heart of commerce. We are committed to reshaping the way the world does business and delivering benefits to all of our constituents, including, for the first time, public investors. More than ever, we have the ability to displace traditional forms of payment by bringing the benefits of electronic commerce to every corner of the world. We are leveraging a range of major strengths, including a unified global organization, one of the world's most advanced transaction networks, a stellar brand and MasterCard Advisors, the only global consultancy dedicated exclusively to the payments industry.

On May 25, 2006, MasterCard representatives rang the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange, marking the company's debut as a publicly traded company.

Above all, we have worked hard to differentiate MasterCard in the payments industry, with a business strategy focused squarely on the needs of our customers. Armed with a unique business model -- as a processor, franchisor and advisor -- we are helping to build a powerful web of economic connections, driving profitable growth for our customers and delivering value to our shareholders. Demonstrating Strong Performance Clearly, our company delivered exceptional performance in 2005 -- a year in which we continued to manage our business with discipline, transparency and control. We achieved healthy margins, increased our return on equity, generated strong operating cash flow and maintained a solid balance sheet. Around the world, cardholders used MasterCard®-branded cards (excluding Maestro® and Cirrus®) for 19.1 billion transactions, generating worldwide gross dollar volume (GDV) of $1.7 trillion, up 12 percent in local currency terms over a year ago. Revenue, meanwhile, grew by 13 percent, from $2.6 billion to $2.9 billion, a major achievement. We also generated record net income of $267 million for the year as compared to $238 million in 2004. This performance was fueled by increases in credit and debit programs, reflecting solid growth in all of our regions. We continued to deliver impressive results in the first quarter of 2006, during which we achieved record net income of $127 million driven by GDV of $425.9 billion, up 13 percent in local currency terms over the first quarter of 2005. Quarter over quarter, net revenue grew 12 percent to $739 million. As a global leader in online debit, Maestro continues to prove its strength as a highly competitive, flexible and secure debit solution. For the full year 2005, online PIN-based processed transactions, the majority of which were Maestro transactions, grew to over 2.6 billion worldwide, a 15 percent increase over 2004. At the same time, the Maestro brand mark appeared on approximately 601 million cards. In Europe, financial institutions will soon begin migrating from national-use-only debit schemes to global and pan-European solutions to accommodate the requirements of the Single Euro Payment Area (SEPA) initiative. Maestro is firmly positioned as the solution that enables a smooth transition for European banking communities, merchants and cardholders. These results are gratifying, reflecting the company we've become: MasterCard WorldwideTM -- customer-driven, globally connected, delivering value in multiple ways and driving commerce around the world.

4

Fueling Connections to Drive Growth At its most fundamental, MasterCard Worldwide is a link among the world's largest nancial institutions, millions of businesses, hundreds of millions of individual cardholders and millions of merchant locations. Far from being a passive network, we are a powerful business catalyst, promoting the advantages of electronic payments, helping to grow profitable card portfolios, developing innovative payment solutions and, as a result, stimulating global commerce. Nothing is more important to this role than our ability to focus on what matters to cardholders seeking easier, safer, more rewarding ways to pay. Our knowledge of their needs and desires is the foundation of our award-winning Priceless® campaign. This global advertising platform, which has appeared in 106 countries and in 50 languages, gets to the heart of what people care about most: flexibility, convenience and freedom to live life to the fullest. We are leveraging the strength of Priceless s in digital media as well with the recent launch of Priceless.com, a new interactive consumer website that helps drive card usage. Delivering Innovative Solutions This understanding also drives innovation that expands the boundaries of payments and delivers true cardholder value. One such innovation is MasterCard PayPass, our quick and easy Tap & Go contactless payment program that is revolutionizing quick-pay environments ranging from fast-food restaurants to gas stations to mass transit systems. Other innovative payment options include our advanced chip-based smart cards, which offer greater security and a multitude of applications. At the high end of the payments spectrum, the World MasterCard® card is delivering a whole new level of exclusivity and rewards to top-tier and mass-affluent consumers -- a fast-growing opportunity segment in markets worldwide. At the same time, our popular and ever-expanding prepaid offerings include categories from gift to payroll to travel. All said, we continue to enhance the cardholder experience by offering diverse payment options. MasterCard is equally clear about what matters most to businesses -- enabling our business customers to replace inefficient cash and check transactions with electronic payments. Our corporate and purchasing card programs include enhanced transaction data and integration tools that enable corporations and government agencies to reduce costs while increasing productivity and return on investment. Our small business programs, meanwhile, deliver financial flexibility and important safeguards, along with meaningful discounts and cardholder rewards. In the United States and Europe, our popular 2005 "Get Wired" campaign increased usage of MasterCard small business card solutions, offering greater flexibility while making life simpler for busy entrepreneurs. Forging Stronger Ties Growth, of course, would hardly be possible without stronger, more cooperative ties with merchants -- which is why we work hard to offer added value by helping them increase their business, enhance efficiency and lead the battle against fraud and misuse.

PayPass Advances
MasterCard PayPass® , the Tap & GoTM solution, continued to grow, gaining ground throughout the United States and making major inroads in Asia and Europe. To date, 30,000 merchants have installed terminals at quick-pay locations, from fast-food outlets and sports stadiums in the United States, to coffee bars and boutiques in Malaysia, to transit systems in Taiwan and soon in New York City.

Four decades after a group of banks created our predecessor, the InterBank Card Association, MasterCard Worldwide is a major force advancing commerce and serving financial institutions, consumers and businesses in over 210 countries and territories.

5

Letter to Shareholders

In 2005, we delivered value to merchants on many different fronts, from the accelerated rollout of MasterCard PayPass to co-marketing and promotional programs involving global, regional and local partners in markets around the world. Our dedicated website, www.mastercardmerchant.com, continued to grow as a resource that enables merchants to make the most of their relationship with MasterCard. The year also saw the debut of MasterCard Connect, a program that streamlines processing and reduces merchants' costs by connecting merchants directly to Banknet® , our advanced global processing network. In addition, last year we began conducting Merchant Advisory Group Meetings to give merchants a voice in the evolution of MasterCard products and policies. To date, meetings have been held in Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, the United States and, most recently, South Africa. These meetings have effectively brought MasterCard together with top-tier merchants representing all industry categories, including retail, travel and entertainment, and new markets. In addition, we created a Point of Interaction Advisory Group that allows us to work with transaction acquirers, merchants and financial institution issuers from around the world to discuss the future of point-of-sale environments. Clearly, as with all of our constituents, the bottom line is making connections -- understanding what matters to people most and using insight and vision to deliver what they need. Fostering a Dynamic Culture In this highly competitive marketplace, the quality of our workforce is what sets us apart. In 2005, we strengthened our ranks through a range of programs and initiatives aimed at attracting talent, empowering leadership and fostering organizational vitality. These efforts continued to win public recognition for MasterCard, whether by Computerworld, which again named us one of the Best Places to Work in IT; Essence Magazine, which cited us as one of the best places to work for African-American women; Hispanic Magazine, which named us one of the best companies at providing opportunities for Hispanics; or Diversity Inc., which counted us among the top 50 companies for diversity and top 10 companies for executive women. The result, I believe, is a workforce to be proud of, and one dedicated to achieving success by upholding our leadership principles and high ethical standards. As part of our transition to a publicly traded company, we proudly established The MasterCard Foundation in 2006. This sizable charitable foundation is run by an independent board of directors and will focus on providing microfinance programs, as well as supporting youth education causes, around the world. Much of the credit for the formation of this significant charitable endeavor goes to our financial institution shareholders and outgoing board of directors. I am grateful for the leadership and guidance of our former board members. In particular, I want to thank our former chairman, Baldomero Falcones Jaquotot, who led us through this historic transition to a publicly held company. Likewise, we look forward to working with our incoming board, which will preside over the most exciting chapter yet in the MasterCard story. The truth is, even with our many accomplishments, we believe the best is yet to come -- for our industry in general, and for the new MasterCard Worldwide in particular. For despite the explosion in electronic commerce, we have only scratched the surface of the payments opportunity. No company is better positioned than we are to make the most of it -- and to deliver shareholder value -- as we demonstrate our role at the heart of commerce.

Robert W. Selander President and Chief Executive Officer May 2006

6

