Dear Fellow Stockholder:
In my 2003 annual letter to you, I expressed confidence that 2004 would be the year of recovery for Magnetek--that revenues would grow again, that gross margins would climb to the mid-20% range, and that we would be back in the black with positive cash flow by fiscal year-end. All of that happened, and I am equally confident that our Company will do even better this year. Revenues totaled $242.8 million in fiscal 2004, up 20% from $201.8 million in fiscal 2003. Gross profit amounted to $56.0 million (23.1% of sales) for the full year, versus $37.0 million (18.3% of sales) in fiscal 2003. And our net loss for the year was $11.5 million, or $0.42 per share, against a loss of $34.8 million, or $1.47 per share, in fiscal 2003. In the fourth (June) quarter of fiscal 2004, revenue reached a three-year high of $69.5 million, up 28% from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2003. Gross profit amounted to $17.1 million (24.7% of sales), compared to $10.6 million (19.5% of sales) in the year-earlier quarter. Excluding a non-cash item taken to fully reserve U.S. net deferred tax assets, net income amounted to $1.2 million, or $0.04 per share, versus a loss of $5.0 million, or $0.21 per share, in the fourth quarter of 2003. And, the Company generated over $1 million in free cash in the quarter. From a balance sheet standpoint, stockholders' equity increased $32.9 million to $112.5 million during fiscal 2004, while debt declined by over $10 million to $16.3 million. Year-over-year, working capital increased 8% to $65.9 million on our 20% increase in annual revenue. We sold 4.2 million shares of common stock in a private placement in the second (December) quarter, raising approximately $18.5 million. This strengthened our financial position, giving us added liquidity and operating flexibility to pursue our strategic plan. Factors Affecting Fiscal 2004 Performance Major factors that hurt Magnetek's performance in fiscal 2003 abated during fiscal
1

2004, and two of our largest markets-- telecommunications and information technology (IT)--were back on the road to recovery. Magnetek broke into the black in the third (March) quarter, and might have done so sooner were it not for increased spending on strategic initiatives. While capital expenditures actually declined from fiscal 2003, costs incurred to bring our new 65,000-square-foot factory in China up to speed had to be expensed. Selling costs rose in support of our growing distribution channel. And research and development (R&D) spending climbed 23% to $13.7 million. Revenues from the China factory were less than $1 million a month at the beginning of fiscal 2004. By the end of year they had risen to $4 million a month, accounting for 20% of the Company's sales. Manufacturing cost savings boosted gross margins on those sales substantially; and with most of the start-up expenses now behind us, we should see the full impact on Magnetek's profitability this year. We believe we can grow annual revenues in China to $70 million in 2005 without a further factory expansion. We also view China as our Asian marketing base. We originally launched our new factory at the behest of existing customers who were opening facilities there. But it is obvious that the potential for new business in the Asian theatre is immense, so in fiscal 2004 we established a dedicated sales office in Shanghai, and this year we will open an engineering center next to our factory in Shenzhen. Equally exciting is the potential for distributor sales. In fiscal 2003 we had practically zero distributor sales. Then we launched a broad, industry-standard product line designed especially for sale through the distribution channel. Now we are selling half a million dollars worth of product a month through distributors, and they tell us we should at least double that volume this fiscal year.

Worldwide, distributors account for close to $15 billion (25%) of all embedded power product sales annually. To get our share of those sales, we have enlarged our sales and support staff, including marketing communications and information systems personnel, and launched new supply chain and customer relationship management initiatives to synchronize our processes with those of all of our new channel partners. Due to timing and the initial investments involved, we didn't reap many of the benefits of these initiatives in fiscal 2004, but we expect to in fiscal 2005. Plans for Future Growth and Profitability Currently, embedded power products-- subsystems that go into equipment manufactured by others (OEMs)--account for two-thirds of Magnetek's sales. Self-contained systems sold to contractors, integrators and end-users account for a third of our sales. In embedded products, we quoted on 230 OEM custom-design programs during fiscal 2004. Seven of those programs have been cancelled, and 61 are still pending. Of the 162 programs awarded so far, we have scored 88 wins for a capture rate of 54%. Those we lost were due (in descending order) to price, product fit, schedule issues, established supplier relationships, and technical issues. I will stack that record up against anyone in the industry. We must continue to win and grow in the embedded power products business because custom designs for OEMs keep Magnetek in the forefront of power electronics technology. It is that technology which enables us to provide distributors with cutting-edge ``modular'' power products; and it is that technology which enables us to design complex, ``smart'' power-based systems rich in ``software and silicon'' content. Systems typically command higher margins than ``box- and board-level'' products. Markets for systems are more ``vertical'' and diverse, and in such markets there are fewer competitors and higher barriers to entry. That is why almost half of our 2004 R&D investments went into

systems development. And that is why we aim to grow systems to half of Magnetek's revenues--even as our embedded product revenue continues to grow--over the next several years. As we move more of our embedded product manufacturing to lower-cost venues, the higher value and engineering content of our systems allow us to build them at our engineering centers in Europe and North America, close to our customers. Magnetek's Outlook for Fiscal 2005 Magnetek's performance during fiscal 2005, like almost everyone else's, will depend on the general economy. During the ``telecom winter'' of 2002-2003, we were able to increase sales to new and non-traditional customers, most notably consumer product manufacturers. In fiscal 2004, these OEMs accounted for over $37 million (15%) of our revenues, up from virtually zero just a few years ago. To illustrate: Magnetek ``Smart Appliance Modules'' (SAMs) can control practically all of the functions of refrigerators, clothes washers, dryers and other consumer white goods. One of our customers (Arcelik) was just honored by the European Commission for the energyefficiency of its appliances (Wall Street Journal, September 7, 2004). Another (Merloni) topped all telecom and IT companies as it became our largest customer during fiscal 2004. Still, Magnetek's performance in fiscal 2005 will depend on the continued recovery (or at least no relapse) of telecom and IT markets, which accounted for 46% of our fiscal 2004 revenue. At the design-win rate we enjoyed in 2004, we will be happy if telecom and IT experience only modest growth in 2005. This being the case, I believe the biggest positive swing factor for Magnetek in fiscal 2005 could come from systems markets that, although not immune to cyclical forces, tend to march to their own drummers. Briefly, here are a few of our most promising candidates:  Elevator Control Systems. We are developing a ``universal'' motion control system that works with elevators powered

2

by either AC or DC motors and feeds power back into the line during descent, thereby providing energy and cost savings to the end-user. This new, turn-key control system is so advanced that, upon proof of concept, a number of major elevator OEMs intend to source from Magnetek versus manufacturing control systems in-house or buying from competitors. Over the next few years, this could triple the size of our elevator business, which accounted for $17 million in sales in fiscal 2004.  Utility Grid Management. In June, we announced receipt of a $450,000 production order for Magnetek HiQgrid power distribution management systems from NESA A/S, Denmark's largest electric utility. These systems are sufficient to remotely monitor 300 medium-power distribution transformers, and discussions are underway concerning the purchase of another 1,500 systems. NESA is also installing street light monitoring and control systems. We believe that in just the five European cities now installing or testing HiQgrid systems the sales potential is over $50 million, and U.S. opportunities are starting to arise. Rail/Subway Car Power Systems. In August, 2004, the Company received an order from FIREMA, Caserta, Italy, for power converters to retrofit 220 railcars operated by Trenitalia, Italy's leading passenger train operator. Valued at $6.6 million, this order was the first result of a joint venture with FIREMA that includes development of auxiliary power units (APUs) for railcars. We estimate that

the surface/subway car market for advanced power converters and APUs exceeds 5,000 cars in Europe and may exceed 10,000 cars worldwide.  Alternative Energy Systems. We introduced our new Aurora power inverter for residential solar arrays at the InterSolar trade show this June. After the show, we received our first order for 750 systems-- well over $1 million dollars worth--from a German distributor. In July, we introduced Aurora at the Solar 2004 trade show in Portland, Oregon, and we have since received expressions of interest in many times that number of systems. Magnetek is already the leading builder of power conditioners for commercial fuel cells, and during fiscal 2004 we received the first production order for 24 of our new multimode wind inverters.

Systems such as these and sales through distribution generally command higher profit margins than embedded custom power products, but haven't had time to contribute much to revenue or profitability yet. This year they should begin to do so. So I am optimistic about Magnetek's prospects. Specifically, I believe that we can continue to grow revenue at double-digit rates, push gross margins toward 30%, improve earnings per share and generate positive cash flows during fiscal 2005. More importantly, we will be opening up powerful new markets for Magnetek, giving us greater stability and uncommon opportunities for sustained growth in the increasingly ``digital'' world economy.



Andrew G. Galef Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

3

