Dear Fellow Stockholder:
Entering the fiscal year ended June 30, 2002, several of the markets we serve, telecommunications in particular, remained weak. Although industry inventories were being worked down, a ``wait and see'' attitude prevailed with regard to new capital spending programs. That attitude continued throughout our fiscal year, the ``recovery'' always remaining at least ``six months away.'' We have yet to see the recovery. In fact, we saw just the opposite. Our fiscal fourth quarter (ended June 30, 2002) marked the low point of the year in terms of revenue and profit. Yet, on declining sales volume we managed to turn in a profitable performance for the year while most of our industry peers did not. The Company earned $.06 per share for the full year with a loss of $.02 per share in the fourth quarter. This compares to fiscal 2001 earnings, excluding results of divested operations, of $.39 per share for the year and $.12 per share in the fourth quarter. The major problem in our just completed year was a 26% decline in revenue from an adjusted $252.7 million the year before. On the good side, despite the revenue decrease, gross profit margins only declined from 26.4% of revenue in fiscal 2001 to 23.1% of revenue in fiscal 2002. After improving dramatically in fiscal 2001, the Company's operating results were adversely impacted by weakness in telecom and, to a somewhat lesser degree, information technology (IT) markets throughout fiscal 2002. Only Magnetek's market diversity--primarily in consumer products, industrial controls and alternative energy--enabled us to remain profitable for the year.

After improving dramatically in fiscal 2001, the Company's operating results were adversely impacted by weakness in telecom... throughout fiscal 2002.

During the year, orders for `smart' power supplies and regulators for consumer products such as home appliances and audio-visual equipment almost doubled to an annualized rate of over $27 million. In addition, sales of Magnetek industrial controls and power conversion systems increased, nearly offsetting declines in telecom and IT by year-end.

Telecom was responsible for our loss in the fourth quarter. Clearly, the current problems in the telecom industry are systemic rather than cyclical, so its recovery is very difficult to predict. Therefore, we must manage our telecom power business more intensively, cut costs more aggressively, and gain shares of profitable telecom hardware and engineering, furnish and install (EF&I) markets. How are we going about that? First and foremost, we have tightened our management focus. Peter McCormick, whose team has done an outstanding job of building our industrial controls business, has been elected a vice president of Magnetek with corporate-level responsibility for industrial controls. This allows executive vice president Richard Pratt, who previously had overall responsibility for industrial controls as well as telecom power, to focus exclusively on North American telecom power. Under Mr. Pratt, we are implementing a new channel strategy that will enable us to better address the unique power needs of the wireless, broadband, access and wireline segments of the telecom marketplace. At the same time, we believe we will be able to cut telecom selling, general and administrative (SG&A) costs by nearly $1 million a year primarily by consolidating facilities, and we are implementing a new manufacturing resource planning (MRP) system that should reduce operating costs appreciably.

Even during the telecom downturn, substantial investments are still being made in infrastructure upgrades and maintenance.

1

On the marketing side, even during the current telecom downturn, substantial investments are being made in infrastructure upgrades and maintenance. In order to gain a greater share of that available market, we have brought aboard a proven industry sales executive, Shawn Doyle, formerly with Nortel for 19 years, to lead Magnetek's telecom power sales. And we have formed a Commercial Systems unit that will serve as the nucleus for the final marketing integration of our telecom power acquisitions, ADS, J-Tec and LAB Communications. Further, we are seeking and finding new applications for our telecom power systems and services, including light rail communications networks in New York City and Pittsburgh, wireless ``backhaul'' projects (both landline and microwave) and emergency wireless ``E911'' installations.

Despite weak telecom and IT markets, our powerelectronics group continued to score major design wins throughout fiscal 2002.

Except for consumer-related products, we also experienced declining sales in our power supplies business in fiscal 2002. To reverse this trend, executive vice president Antonio Canova has realigned our North American sales organization and brought on board two industry all-stars, Michael Smith and Michael Ehrenberger, to lead the development of Magnetek's domestic OEM and distributor sales channels. We also have expanded our European technical sales force and added application specialists in promising markets such as utility power line monitoring. And we have launched an initiative to win new customers in Asia from our manufacturing center in Shen-Zhen, China, which we opened in fiscal 2001 at the request of existing customers.

Despite weak telecom and IT markets, our power-electronics group continued to score major design wins throughout fiscal 2002. Overall, we quoted on 361 programs and won 104 of them. That was up from 75 wins out of 199 quotes in fiscal 2001, and for the first time we quoted on as many programs in North America as in Europe. However, the question in many cases is when those programs will commence--and our customers' customers decide that. We are currently providing power conditioners for the world's largest fuel cell plant, a 1.4-megawatt installation at Verizon's call-routing center on Long Island, New York. And, we are designing advanced power conditioners for a number of other alternative energy sources, including solar power and micro-turbines. Use of on-site generators is predicted to grow, driven by increasing demands for energy reliability and security. With thousands of installations and millions of hours of operation, Magnetek is already one of the world's leading manufacturers of power conditioners and regulators for distributed power generators. Our industrial controls group as a whole continued to grow and gain market share in fiscal 2002. At the same time, the group was able to cut costs through consolidation of manufacturing facilities and sales forces, resulting in a substantial increase in profit margins toward fiscal year end. Now, we are developing new crane control systems for the marine terminal market and drive systems for the European elevator market, both of which hold great potential.

As of fiscal 2002 year end, we were deriving nearly two-thirds of our revenue from...markets other than telecom and IT.

It is worth noting that, as of fiscal 2002 year end, we were deriving nearly two-thirds of our revenue from industrial controls, consumer products and appliances, power generation, digital imaging, business machines, semiconductor manufacturing, and medical electronics--in short, markets other than telecom and IT. It was Magnetek's market diversity that enabled us to remain profitable for the year, and market diversity is a key element of our strategy, both short- and long-term.

 Programs expected to generate revenues in excess of $1 million each.

2

As reported to you last year, we restructured Magnetek with the express intent of focusing on digital power markets. That we have done, with the added benefits of reducing our debt to practically zero and gaining the attention of ``power technology'' analysts. Four investment firms* initiated coverage of Magnetek in fiscal 2002, and three independent market research organizations** reported on our emergent position in the industry during the year. We are including the most recent of these reports--the August 2002 issue of the Digital Power Report***--with the mailing of our fiscal 2002 Annual Report to all shareholders because it describes what researchers Peter Huber and Mark Mills call the ``highly ordered power industry'' and Magnetek's competitive strategy in it. In our own words: Magnetek's strategy is to leverage our superior knowledge of digital power electronics to provide innovative solutions, including integrated systems and services, in applications requiring precise, reliable and efficient power in diverse, growable market segments with global reach and multiple customers. The strategy is based on four ``legs'':

One of the most important features distinguishing Magnetek from its competitors is the number of our products and systems that are `smart'.

Technological Leadership is the first and most important leg. More than 200 of our 1,600 employees are engineers, over a third of whom hold advanced degrees. We are spending about 5% of total revenue (10% of power-electronics revenue) on new power-electronic product platforms. Counting both new platforms and new applications, we introduced 212 new products in fiscal 2002 compared to 179 in fiscal 2001.

One of the most important features distinguishing Magnetek from its competitors is the number of our products and systems that are ``smart''. All of our industrial control systems are programmable, and 76% of our power control products incorporate digital logic components and software algorithms that enable them to monitor and often control the systems they power. Product Line Breadth is the second leg of our strategy. Historically, most of our power-electronics business was derived from ``custom'' power components defined by single customers. During the past year, we moved aggressively into market-defined products. Dc-to-Dc converters are one example. They must meet certain industry standards such as pin configuration. But they are not commodities because, beyond these basic industry standards, the performance of our converters differentiates them from those of competitors. Now, we are increasing the depth as well as the breadth of our power-electronic product offering in order to gain market penetration through independent electronics sales representatives and distributors, who require full product lines to satisfy their customers. Forward Integration into systems is the third leg of our strategy. We start by designing modular power-electronic sub-systems, then either integrate these ``building blocks'' into our own systems or sell them to others for use in theirs. At the end-user level, we are moving into system engineering, monitoring and control as well. The latest example is our HIQgrid system, which monitors and controls street lights. Successfully tested in Copenhagen, it is expected to reduce street lighting costs substantially when deployed on a citywide basis and may be used in other applications such as automated meter reading. Market Diversity is the fourth leg of our strategy. We develop unique power platforms that convert, condition, control and save energy. At the same time, we scan the marketplace from the utility grid to the Internet for profitable applications requiring very precise, very reliable, efficient power. Examples include fuel cells and other alternative energy sources, semiconductor processing equipment, new modes of transportation, plasma display panels, home appliances, next-generation file servers, and wireless micro-cells. By so doing, we don't become overly dependent on any single market or customer.
Stephens, Inc., Needham & Company, CIBC World Markets, and Wachovia Securities Micro-Tech Consultants, Darnell, Inc., and the Digital Power Group *** The August 2002 issue of Digital Power Report can be accessed on Gilder Publishing Company's Internet website: http://www.powercosm.com/free_reports/free_reports.htm These reports are independent publications. The Company neither adopts nor endorses their contents.
** *

3

In last year's Annual Report, I stated that whatever the impact and duration of the external factors affecting us, Magnetek's performance going forward would be better than in the past as a result of the fundamental strengths we have built into the Company. We outperformed most of our competitors in fiscal 2002, which we had not done the year before, and I believe I was right about the strengths we have built into the Company, which kept us profitable and essentially debt free.

The strengths we have built into the Company... kept us profitable and essentially debt-free in fiscal 2002.

During fiscal 2003, assuming that telecom and IT remain depressed (a fairly safe bet), we continue to count on our non-telecom, non-IT markets to take up the slack. We will have somewhat higher SG&A due to increased R&D investment, marketing costs and pension expense. As we announced in our year-end earnings release, we are reviewing our benefit programs to ensure that they are both competitive and adequate for current employees, while appropriate from an overall cost standpoint. As one result, the Board has decided to discontinue the Company's retiree medical plan. In most cases, this plan simply supplemented Medicare coverage, and supplemental insurance is available from other sources at competitive rates. Under generally accepted accounting principles, the immediate effect of ending the retiree medical plan on Magnetek's income statement will be to add a one-time gain (net of taxes) of approximately $18 million, or $.75 per share, to the Company's fiscal 2003 first quarter results. The effect in subsequent quarters will be to reduce reported income by about $400,000, although there will be an increase in cash flow of approximately the same amount.

Magnetek's technology and marketing strategy put it in an ideal position to ride the digital power supply demand wave for decades to come.

From an operating standpoint, our first fiscal quarter is seasonally our weakest due to summer vacation schedules in Europe, which accounts for approximately a third of Company revenue. However, midway into the first quarter, our book-to-bill ratio was better than 1-to-1, and our 90-day backlog was up to $54 million from $53 million at the end of fiscal 2002. Beyond that, unless there is an unanticipated reversal of current market trends, our performance in fiscal 2003 will depend largely on the pace of growth in our non-telecom businesses and our ability to win greater shares of available telecom and IT markets.

I will simply repeat what I said in last year's Annual Report: I am confident that Magnetek is appropriately sized for today's market conditions and anticipated growth rates. We have the resources to (1) increase new product development, (2) expand our sales and marketing efforts and (3) make appropriate acquisitions. Most important, as the economy and our markets rebound, we believe we will emerge as a new leader in a new industry--digital power--that will grow increasingly important in the future. In the words of Huber and Mills' Digital Power Report, ``Magnetek's technology and marketing strategy put it in an ideal position to ride the digital power supply demand wave for decades to come.'' We hope they are prophetic.

Andrew G. Galef Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

4

