Dear Fellow Stockholder:
Fiscal 2003 was an extremely challenging period for everyone in the electronic power industry. Magnetek's results reflect that fact. While our revenues grew throughout the year, profits suffered due primarily to product mix issues, the U.S. dollar's decline against the euro, losses incurred in the telecom power business, and higher selling, general and administrative (SG&A) costs. Revenue in fiscal 2003 totaled $201.8 million, up 7% from $188.2 million in 2002. However, the Company lost $1.48 per share, including a gain on the termination of a retiree medical plan, increased pension costs, and losses related to the settlement of a lawsuit with a former lender, the divestiture of our telecom service business and non-cash asset impairment charges. This compares with net income of $.06 per share in fiscal 2002. Working capital increased toward the end of 2003 as we carried duplicate inventories while consolidating two plants in Hungary and expanding our factory in China from 15,000 to 65,000 square feet. Debt also rose as a result of the working capital increase and capital spending related to our China expansion, as well as our acquisition of Telemotive Industrial Controls in January and the bank settlement referenced above. Our balance sheet also reflects the fairly dramatic effects of certain adjustments associated with pension accounting. Due to declines in equity values and interest rates, many pension plans, including Magnetek's, became under-funded from an accounting standpoint during 2002 and 2003. In such cases a minimum pension liability must be added to long-term obligations with a corresponding reduction in stockholders' equity. Although history suggests that equity markets will recover and interest rates will rise over time, the impact on equity in the interim can be dramatic. This does not mean that our pension funding is inadequate or that the pension plan poses a near-term liquidity problem. Plan assets exceeded $120 million at fiscal year-end, and after a September contribution of approximately $2.6 million in Company stock, no mandatory contributions will be required through fiscal 2008 under current regulations. Factors Affecting Fiscal 2003 Performance Clearly, Magnetek did not perform up to our expectations in fiscal 2003. From an operating standpoint the year became progressively tougher for us because our telecom service business--acquired as a possible pull-through for power system sales--lost more and more money as the year went on. Telecom service cost us $.10 a share at the bottom line. The year also became progressively tougher for Magnetek compared to most U.S.-based competitors because of the dollar's decline against the euro. This reduced gross margins by 17 percentage points on products manufactured in Europe and sold in dollars. Of course, we recognize that currency issues are part of doing business internationally. However, while others benefited from the weak dollar, it cost us approximately $.17 a share because of our large manufacturing presence in Europe. Planned increases in research and development (R&D) and selling costs also affected fiscal 2003 results. Much of the increase was associated with investments to establish global distribution channels. While we needed to make those investments, they penalized fiscal 2003 earnings by about $.09 a share. Finally, asset impairment and other one-time items cut earnings by $1.11 per share, net. Add them up, and you see the roots of our fiscal 2003 profit problem. We believe that fiscal 2004 will be less challenging, at least in these respects, for the following reasons. Subsequent to fiscal 2003, we divested the service portion of our telecom power business, eliminating its losses while actually increasing the pull-through potential for hardware sales by outsourcing installation services, when required, from various contractors. Regarding currency, we are selectively taking actions to reduce the impact of exchange-rate fluctuations, and we are producing more of the products that will be sold for dollars in dollar-equivalent jurisdictions, such as China.

1

As for SG&A, we have certain expenses, such as pension costs, that have risen. But we fully expect our investments in marketing and development to result in at least a breakeven in 2004, and to provide positive returns from then on. Finally, we do not anticipate any more asset impairment charges. Actions Affecting Liquidity, Profitability and Cash Flow Though many of the factors that undermined Magnetek's performance are behind us or should abate during fiscal 2004, decisive actions have been taken to strengthen the balance sheet and get back into the black. Since the beginning of the new fiscal year, we have completed our China expansion, reduced our working capital and cut our debt. We have replaced our former $16-million domestic bank line with a new $19-million facility backed by our domestic assets. This bank line will remain in effect through fiscal 2006, unless replaced or extended. We also recently negotiated a new European credit line providing nearly $10 million of additional availability on top of approximately $20 million in European credit already in place. Based on current plans and business conditions, we believe that our borrowing capacity under the new domestic bank line, together with our separate European credit lines and internally generated cash flows, affords a good foundation for financing Magnetek's future operations and other commitments. Regarding profitability, we believe we will be operating above breakeven before fiscal year-end. To do so, however, we must continue to grow revenues and increase gross margins. As of mid-September, Magnetek's order backlog stood at approximately $54 million, and fiscal 2004 bookings exceeded billings by 10%. The divestiture of the Telecom service business could add as much as two percentage points to our fiscal 2004 consolidated gross margin. Based on its expected sales and cost savings, our expanded China factory could add two more percentage points to gross margins. These actions alone should push gross margins into the mid 20% range. Additional margin improvement should come from product mix as we shift toward more systems sales, expansion of sales through distribution--a new channel for Magnetek that carries attractive margins--and actions to lessen the impact of currency fluctuations on our European margins. Although we may not see the full impact for a couple of quarters, I believe we are taking the actions necessary to improve gross margins and get back into the black. With our return to profitability, our China expansion completed and stronger working capital management, cash flow should turn positive as well. Plans for Future Growth and Profitability I am convinced that we have the right strategy not only to return to profitability, but also to lead the power technology industry. Magnetek's strategy calls for power component innovation, forward integration into systems, and market diversity. Technologically, our custom product R&D enables us to push the envelope of power density, reliability and on-board ``intelligence''. Forward integration allows us to incorporate our power components into power systems commanding higher margins. Market diversity keeps us from being overly dependent on any single market, and it provides us with the greatest array of growth opportunities. We now have the physical facilities in place to implement our strategy on a worldwide scale, and I am confident we have a management team capable of executing it. But that does not imply perpetuating the status quo. To take full advantage of this Company's potential we will continue to redeploy our physical and human resources. We will market our products, both components and systems, on a continental basis, reflecting differences in geographic markets. But we will utilize our manufacturing facilities for all products on a global

2

scale for maximum efficiency. The unfavorable impact of currency fluctuations in fiscal 2003 underlines the importance of this redeployment, and our rapid expansion in China demonstrates our commitment to it. We must also stand by our commitment to diversity -- in emerging markets especially -- because market diversity is what most distinguishes Magnetek from other ``power supply'' companies. Let me conclude with a timely example. Recently, a number of blackouts have occurred in North America and Europe due to inadequate utility generating capacity and problems with the electric power transmission grid. These events should serve to accelerate the move to distributed power generation and monitoring, in which we have major stakes. Magnetek is already the world's leading provider of power conditioning systems for commercial fuel cells with over 32 Megawatts in the field, and we have engineering contracts underway with a number of leading solar and wind generator companies. In fiscal 2003, we also introduced our own micro-turbine power plant for use on rail and subway cars. The first units are now being tested on the Italian railroad and are performing very well. We also have the technology -- in fact the products, called ``HiQgrid'' and ``Alba'' (dawn) -- capable of monitoring power distribution networks and changing the direct current produced by most alternative energy sources into the alternating current needed by electricity users. Sooner than many imagined, the Utility market and others that we serve, including Transportation and Consumer Products, may equal or exceed Telecom and Information Technology in terms of demand for highly reliable, digital power components and systems such as ours. And we will be the first in line to meet the demand. I believe fiscal 2004 will be the year of recovery for Magnetek. Beyond that, we have the strategy and the plan in place to achieve your Company's full potential.

Andrew G. Galef Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

3

