Dear Fellow Shareholder:
As the Company description on the front cover suggests, Magnetek is restructuring itself--it is, in essence, becoming a new Company. We are in the final stages of divesting our Power Electronics Group (PEG). We expect this divestiture to leave Magnetek substantially debt-free, able to meet its financial obligations, and solidly positioned in markets offering not only long-term stability but also excellent growth potential and profitability (historically in excess of 30%, gross margin). PEG's fiscal 2006 and prior results have therefore been included in "Results of Discontinued Operations". Related adjustments in operating results and asset values are reflected in the Financial Statements that follow and are addressed in Management's Discussion and Analysis on page 5. At first glance, the divestiture of PEG appears to change Magnetek in a big way. And quantitatively it will; as reported in last year's annual report, in 2005 PEG accounted for two-thirds of Magnetek's revenue (although only half of its operating profit, before corporate expense). But upon reflection, the decision to divest PEG simply accelerates Magnetek's often-stated strategy: to concentrate increasingly on high-margin digital-powerbased systems businesses. (See: What is the `New' Magnetek, opposite.) We are as convinced as ever that this strategy will pay off. But what factors led to our rather sudden up-shift in the execution of our strategy, and where will it take us? Those who have read Magnetek's past reports know that our Company has been operating under a burden of legacy issues. During fiscal 2005 and 2006, these issues came to the fore. Specifically:  A patent infringement lawsuit filed against Magnetek in 1998 culminated in a $23.4 million arbitration award on May 3, 2005. We petitioned the U.S District Court for the Northern District of Illinois to vacate the award based on fraud. While the patent in question has since been declared unenforceable in another case in the same Court, we must hold funds in escrow to pay the award until a decision is reached in our case.  We currently retain a pension obligation dating back to the mid-1990s when Magnetek was a $1.5 billion electrical equipment manufacturer. Benefits under this defined-benefit pension plan were "frozen" in 2003; but based on current actuarial measures, we must begin making cash contributions to the pension trust in October of 2007 averaging some $20 million annually for several years. With debt-to-equity exceeding 1-to-1 and such large cash commitments looming, it would have been very difficult to

finance an effective strategy of upward integration into systems. As we announced on May 12, 2006, we engaged Stephens Inc., an investment banking firm experienced in the power technology field, to help us evaluate various cash-raising alternatives, including asset sales and capital market transactions. In the ensuing months, no viable alternative went unexplored. However, capital market transactions were relegated to options of last resort, as they would entail incurring more high-priced debt and/or risking stock dilution. On the asset-sale side, a number of operating units and product lines were assessed, and a few were "shopped" to determine their marketability. Smaller divisions and product lines were ruled out because they are not "stand-alone", their sale would compromise the performance of sister operations, or they would not bring in enough cash. That left the largest stand-alone parts of the Company: the Power Electronics Group (PEG) and Power Control Systems (PCS). Our decision to divest PEG was based largely on the fact that the fragmented power electronics industry is consolidating, as sheer size becomes a competitive factor, and due to cash constraints we could not be a consolidator. Our decision to retain and focus on Power Control Systems was based on our strategic business shift into systems mentioned above. Power Electronics Group Divestiture PEG's products include, primarily, switching power supplies, rectifiers, battery chargers, power converters and power inverters custom-designed for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) who "embed" them in their products. PEG operated at a loss in fiscal 2006, primarily due to inefficiencies and costs incurred in moving highervolume manufacturing to a new factory in China while downsizing factories elsewhere. Nevertheless, PEG made an attractive acquisition candidate because of its state-of-the-art technology, elite engineering staff, impressive customer list, and historical record of profitability. Also, PEG is well along in establishing low-cost manufacturing capability in China, an attractive capability for many prospective acquirers. At the same time, we obviously believe that our divestiture of PEG holds immediate as well as long-term benefits for Magnetek's shareholders. Specifically, we expect net proceeds from the sale of PEG should enable us to meet all of the following objectives by December 2007:  Pay off Long-Term Debt. (While the arbitration case referenced above will have a bearing on this, a decision unfavorable to Magnetek would not prevent us from paying down debt with divestiture proceeds.)  Make a sufficiently large cash contribution to Magnetek's pension fund to reduce or potentially

1

eliminate the need for further contributions to the fund, thus restoring Stockholders' Equity to well above $100 million.  Reduce Corporate overhead, a substantial portion of which is pension expense that would be reduced or eliminated by the aforementioned cash contributions.  Focus on our Power Control Systems business, enabling the Company to achieve gross margins of around 30% with positive operating margins and net income.  Use Magnetek's $146 million of net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs), most of which do not expire until after 2020, to shelter income from taxes.  Generate consistent positive cash flow for investment, both internal and external, in promising growth businesses. In short, given three to six months to consolidate operations and relocate administrative functions, we expect Magnetek to emerge as a solidly profitable company with positive cash flow, negligible debt and outstanding growth opportunities. Prospects in Power Control Systems Going forward, Magnetek will be exclusively a digital power-based systems integrator, serving selected segments of traditional and emerging commercial markets that are becoming increasingly dependent on "smart" power. We will no longer be in the embedded power electronic components business. As we said in last year's annual report, we believe that a key driver of Magnetek's future growth and profitability will be the capability of our products to help generate and utilize energy more efficiently. We have lost none of that conviction or capability by focusing on commercial power control systems. Consider the following examples:  Material handling automation. In April, Magnetek signed an agreement with Eaton Corp. (NYSE: ETN), taking over responsibility for design, manufacturing, sales and service of Eaton direct DC (DDC) crane and hoist drive systems under our OmniPulseTM brand name. Already a clear leader in AC crane and hoist drive systems, Magnetek's addition of the OmniPulse line should further enhance our position in the Overhead material handling market. In North America alone, there are some 3,000 factory cranes running with traditional DC controls that could be retrofitted with energy-saving DDC drive systems over time.  Elevator motion control systems. While savings vary with elevator use, high-rise building owners typically can expect energy savings of up to $2,000 a year per elevator by installing Magnetek's new QuattroTM regenerative drive systems versus non-regenerative systems. Since it represents less than 10% of the cost of a $150,000

elevator retrofit, Quattro can pay for itself in five years. In August, we announced receipt of our first production orders for energy-saving Quattro DC drive systems from Otis Elevator and KONE Corporation.  Commercial energy interfaces. Clean energy is a major potential growth market that is dependent upon digitalpower interfaces to connect fuel cell, wind and solar power sources to the utility grid. Magnetek has been building 250-kilowatt fuel-cell interfaces for United Technologies for more than a decade. Leveraging this technology, we developed multi-megawatt MarinTM wind inverters for large wind turbines. We expect these systems, just introduced, to be the main source of revenue in our Alternative Energy business. Refocusing on Digital-Power-Based Systems Magnetek's transition from, predominantly, a manufacturer of custom power-electronic products for OEM and consumer markets to an Energy EngineeredTM systems integrator changes our role from meeting customer-defined specifications to addressing marketdefined needs. By so doing we stand to increase our profitability substantially; however, we must choose our markets carefully. We must see our way clear to gaining prominent share positions in well-defined market niches with constantly expanding products and services. Our policy is not to compete in commodity markets. Furthermore, depending on the size of the market niche served, our philosophy is always to rank among the top five suppliers to that market, with the goal of being number one. Historically, our Power Control Systems group has done this quite well. Today, Magnetek commands approximately half of the $100 million domestic crane and hoist controls market. In AC-powered crane controls, Magnetek is already the clear leader in North America, with a 73% market share. The global market for both AC and DC crane control systems exceeds half a billion dollars a year, and is growing at an estimated 20% annually. Factoring in new products like the OmniPulseTM DDC drives mentioned above and our TelemotiveTM line of radio remote controls, we believe we have plenty of room for future growth just in overhead material handling. The global elevator motion control market addressed by Magnetek amounts to an estimated $80 million a year, of which we already command approximately 25%. Including aftermarket and OEM outsourcing of motion control subsystems, this market niche is growing at an estimated 24% a year; and with state-of-the-art products such as the Quattro drive systems noted above, we believe that we can double revenues from our elevator line within three years.

2

Large Wind and Coal vs. Oil Dependence We have set our sights on promising energy markets as well. While Magnetek's revenues from alternative energy are still relatively small, dramatic growth is possible due to our advanced technology and market-niche philosophy. In the mid-1990s, Magnetek's Milwaukee-based Power Control Systems group developed the first power interfaces for United Technologies' self-contained 200kilowatt power plant fuel cells. Today, we remain the world's leading builder of commercial-size fuel cell power inverters, with more than 100 installations totaling over 30 megawatts and 1.5 million operating hours in the field. As previously noted, we have turned this "home-grown" technology into multi-megawatt power interface systems for commercial-size wind-turbines, and will launch a new line of commercial solar photovoltaic (PV) power inverters in 2007. Wind power currently represents a $400-million global market for digital power interfaces, and is growing nearly 30 percent annually. Given the worldwide shortage of solar PV materials and cells, and the fact that "large wind" is now cost-competitive with fossil-fuel-generated power, we believe wind power will grow by leaps and bounds in the years immediately ahead. Our new MarinTM wind inverters come in modular "power clusters" that can deliver up to five megawatts of clean alternating current to the utility grid from a single wind turbine. They are designed for the latest wind technology: full-conversion, variable-speed turbines with direct-drive or permanent-magnet generators. Only two independent interface builders deliver this kind of technology in the North American market; Magnetek is one of them. And we are actively targeting the 40% of large domestic turbine builders that don't have internal power interface capabilities. This--plus the fact that we are just entering the large wind business--leads us to believe that Magnetek's revenue growth in this business can be significant for years to come. Geographically, there are significant opportunities in North America alone, with wind power generation expected to grow at over 24% annually through 2010. It is here that Magnetek builds all of its large power inverters, and it is here that our primary alternative energy efforts will be focused. Nor are we counting solely on alternative energy. Magnetek's advanced motion control systems are used in coal mining as well as material handling and peoplemoving. Over-dependence on foreign oil cannot be broken by alternative energy sources alone. For economic as well as environmental reasons, the United States must take advantage of its most abundant domestic energy resource through "clean coal" technology (driven by Federal energy subsidies). So Magnetek stands to benefit from both

alternative and traditional energy sources in the years ahead. 2007: Entering a New Era for Magnetek To summarize: during fiscal year 2007 we expect Magnetek to emerge as a new Company. One able to fund its pension trust, resulting in increased Stockholders Equity, cut corporate overhead in half, increase quarterly gross profit margins to near 30 percent, get back into the black, begin using its abundant NOLs to shelter profits and cash flow, and concentrate full time on its most consistent and promising businesses. Simply stated, the new Magnetek provides power control systems for material handling, people-moving, mining and alternative energy--all markets that are becoming increasingly dependent on digital technology. We are America's largest supplier of digital drive systems for industrial cranes, hoists and movable bridges. We are the world's largest independent builder of digital motion control systems for elevators. We are the leading builder of power conditioners for commercial fuel cells; we are about to enter the large wind market in a big way; and we are a provider of a new generation of digital drive systems for coal mining as well. The opportunities open to us in all of Magnetek's addressed markets are excellent. We are preparing the Company, both operationally and financially, to take full advantage of these opportunities--and to expand upon them. We appreciate your patience through what was a watershed year in fiscal 2006, and we invite your renewed confidence and continued support as we enter a new era for Magnetek in 2007.

3

