We are ready not only with a healthy balance sheet, but also with an engaged team, and a compelling value proposition for our clients.
Dear Manpower Investor:
It was just twelve months ago that I was writing to you about our record year in 2007. What a difference a year makes – things have certainly changed since then. I mentioned in my letter to you last year that 2008 would likely bring unknowns and potential clouds that would either move in or move on. Unfortunately, the clouds of the economic downturn moved in to stay. I committed that we’d be ready for them and we are. We are ready not only with a healthy balance sheet, but also with an engaged team, and a compelling value proposition for our clients.
It can almost go without saying that 2009 will be a challenge. However, as intimidating as the outlook may be, I can say with confidence that we are looking at this year as an opportunity. Our planning process, infrastructure and the strength of our combined assets will pay off during this economic downturn and even more so on the other side of it. Throughout this letter I’ll highlight some of the initiatives that we have put in place and are pursuing that give our team confidence as we move forward in 2009.
As for 2008, revenues were up slightly to $22 billion, an increase of about 1 percent in constant currency. This was primarily driven by the first half of the year, with our European operations performing quite well. Net earnings decreased to $2.75 per diluted share as it was negatively impacted by several non-recurring items including a goodwill impairment charge. Our net earnings, excluding non- recurring items, was $379 million. Also excluding non-recurring items, our operating profit was $647 million, for a margin of
3 percent. This reflects a 7 percent decline from the prior year due to the deleveraging of our expense base in the second half of the year. Cash flow more than doubled and our cash position improved nicely to $874 million. During the course of the year, we were able to purchase 2.2 million shares and maintain our dividend.
2
Shareholder’s Letter Manpower Annual Report 2008

We started 2008 with strong tailwinds from our European operations. As the year progressed, we saw our largest markets fall off very sharply, particularly in the third quarter, as the difficulty in the U.S. spread to the rest of the world. Anticipating that these deteriorations would occur, we took action on our expenses.
We have a track record of doing this well. Manpower has a long history of resiliency through difficult economic times and, in
fact, not just being resilient, but agile in our response to shifting trends – always emerging a stronger company. That doesn’t mean this downturn won’t bring new obstacles and unexpected challenges – it will.
Six Decades of Achievement
In 2008, we celebrated our 60th anniversary. Since the company’s inception in 1948, solving our clients’ biggest problem – finding the right people at the right time with the right skills – has been the essence of what we do. Even today, as we find ourselves in
a more complex global labor market and complicated economic environment than ever before, our clients are still grappling with that same problem. Whether it be Manpower, Right Management, Jefferson Wells, Elan or Manpower Professional, finding the talent that our clients need is what it’s all about – and that’s what both our clients and candidates depend on us for.
Sixty years of doing business is a monumental achievement for any company. Take a moment to consider that the average lifespan of a multinational organization on the Fortune 500 is 40 – 50 years. We’ve definitely surpassed that milestone, and remained a global leader in the changing world of work for six decades, successfully navigating through good economic times and bad.
Despite the ups and downs of economic cycles, Manpower has always been able to manage through and position ourselves for future growth, consistently providing innovative services that our clients and candidates depend on. We always have our finger on
Revenues from Services
in millions ($)
08
07 06 05 04
21,552.8
20,500.3
17,562.5
15,845.4 14,675.0
      Manpower Annual Report 2008 Shareholder’s Letter
3
Manpower has a long history of resiliency through difficult economic times and, in fact, not just being resilient, but agile
in our response to shifting trends – always emerging a stronger company.

Emerging Market Revenue
the pulse of the world of work. Whether it be helping women enter or re-enter the workforce, adapting to young people looking at work in new and different ways, or working with our clients to develop innovative ways to keep the baby boomers engaged in their careers longer, Manpower has been at the forefront of these changing dynamics. Having the insight to identify these shifts,
the agility to adapt to them and the ability to help our clients and candidates understand and navigate them, has been key to our success over the past 60 years and it’s what will position us to take off for the next 60.
When I think about the future of Manpower, I get very excited because I don’t feel like we’ve even scratched the surface of opportunity. There is still so much potential. In many ways, we are a 60-year-old start-up. Not many 60-year-old companies can say the historic core of their business, in our case staffing, is alive and growing. This secular trend in several geographies and sectors generates long-term fuel for our growth. And when that growth is coupled with our prospects for acceleration in the specialty areas, you can see why we feel so optimistic about our business.
Over the years, we have strategically acquired and developed assets, and matured our attributes, but the most valuable asset at Manpower is our culture: the engagement of our team and relentless pursuit of a client-first focus. During 60 years of operation, we’ve gone through several ups and downs, including the infamous double dip in the early 1980s. There are still many peopleinourorganizationwhowerewithusatthattime,and
we have learned how to navigate and take advantage of the opportunity that a downturn presents.
One important lesson we’ve learned is that trying to take advantage ofadownturnoncethedownturnhitsistoolate.Weknowthatit requires a continual process of innovation, lean operations and a team that is committed to our vision and strategy. This combination creates the resilience and capability that has continued to pay off
in millions ($)
08
07
06
05   132.1 04   71.0
489.2
  338.7
217.9
  Emerging market revenue grew 44% in 2008. Key expansion markets grew: India (+40%), China (+15%) and Eastern Europe (+38%).
During 60 years of operation, we havelearnedhow to navigate and take advantage oftheopportunity that a downturn presents.
4
Shareholder’s Letter Manpower Annual Report 2008

for us. Strategic moves such as: introducing Skillware® in 1982 to train candidates and staff on software and business systems; acquiring Elan, Europe’s leading IT outsourcing firm in 2000; and the acquisition of Right Management, the world’s largest outplacement and organizational consulting firm in 2004 – all were made based on an awareness and sensitivity to the trends that drive our industry and the actions of our clients.
Solutions for Now and for the Future
As we continue to navigate these challenging times, there are certain world of work megatrends at play that have real implications for our business. These trends will continue to affect us in a more targeted way once the world’s economies emerge from the current environment. One of the key trends that will drive much of the industry and our clients’ behavior is the aging workforce, which is aggravating the ongoing talent shortage. The current economic downturn and the associated job losses are masking the effect
of this megatrend. But the fact remains that aging baby boomers will continue to exit the workforce, taking with them business acumen and essential skills such as how to manage legacy systems. And this situation is even more acute in the emerging economies. In many ways, the latent demand will actually exacerbate the talent shortage, as there will not be enough appropriately skilled people to fill the void of available jobs, and the upgrading of skills and workforces in general will be stalled.
Another major trend is the notion and reality that the individual rules. This is a significant role reversal, and we’ve seen this taking shape for some time as companies have had to build their employer brand and learn how to manage employees as individuals rather than as a homogenous group. The rise of the “NetGen,” young people with very different expectations and motivations from previous generations, combined with the talent shortage, has shifted the power from the employer to the individual and, as a result,retainingtalentwillbemuchmoreelusive.Thiswillcreate
Evolution of Specialty Gross Profit
in millions ($)
08
03
932
   433
Includes Manpower Professional, Elan, Jefferson Wells and Right Management.
Our strategy has allowed us to improve gross profit from specialty services over the past five years, more than doubling to $932 million in 2008.
Strong Record of Long-Term Revenue Growth
in billions ($)
24 18 12 06
                                       Manpower Annual Report 2008 Shareholder’s Letter
5
93 94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08

We’ve launched MyPathTM, our community-driven online career management experience that will establish Manpower as
the de facto individual career reference and position us as the individual’s trusted advisor.
a velocity of talent churning within organizations, as both of these trends – the aging workforce and the individual rules – become exponentiallymorecomplicatedinlightoftechnologicalrevolutions, athirdworldofworktrendthatwewillcontinuetomonitor. Causing discontinuity as mobile connectivity, dominance of user- generated content on the Internet and social networking become a way of life, in and out of work, technological revolutions are changing the way people and businesses operate.
These three major trends are having a serious impact on our clients, and that’s what drives the development and evolution of our services. Our clients are looking for more from us. They want solutions that work. These solutions cannot be created in a vacuum, and innovation during a downturn must be more than just words. Our innovation is derived from a maniacal pursuit to determine what our clients around the world are asking for, directly or indirectly, and applying solutions locally and then refining and implementing them globally. In response to these trends:
We’ve launched MyPath,TM our community-driven online career management experience that will establish Manpower as the de facto individual career reference and position us as the individual’s trusted advisor.
We’ve invested in training nearly 16,000 Manpower staff members on what it means to deliver a differentiated candidate experience and upgrading the look and feel of our branch offices through an initiative called Branch Experience.
We’ve strengthened our recruitment capability throughout our organization, in the core part of our business and in Manpower Professional; and we’re investing in building a world-class Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO) group.
6
Shareholder’s Letter Manpower Annual Report 2008

We’ve leveraged our network of 4,400 offices across 82 countries and territories to facilitate the movement of people across borders to work or move work to people through our Cross Border ConnectionsTM offering.
We’ve pulled together all of our services, in order and relevance, to squarely address our clients’ needs through Manpower Business Solutions.
It’s this combination of diverse assets that separates us from the competition. This is our strategy in action, and what we have been preparing for years.
So as we move into 2009, we will address these trends with solutions that will unlock value and profitability for our clients and us. What we have presented to the market is only the beginning of our services pipeline. At our company, we develop solutions thoughtfully – not simply replicating and repackaging current solutions with a different name. Our solutions are a confluence
of original thought, client discussion, interviews with individuals, practical thinking and relentless passion. They are not merely labels, but programs and processes that have been institutionalized throughout our company, because we’re obsessed with delivering value to help our clients win. As we head into even more uncertain economic times, our clients will be searching for solutions with impact, where brilliance is presented in simplicity and results – that’s our bar.
The bedrock for us to innovate and perform in these down cycles, in addition to our team, is our financial strength and flexibility. As you look at our balance sheet, you can see that we possess the financial capacity to adjust to disruptions in the near-term. This is not by accident. We have consistently protected our cash, knowing
We’ve invested
in training nearly 16,000 Manpower staff members on what it means to deliver a differentiated candidate experience and upgrading the look and feel of our branch offices through an initiative called Branch Experience.
Manpower Annual Report 2008 Shareholder’s Letter
7

Operating Cash Flows
we are in a cyclical business. It is over the next 12 – 18 months that this durability will be rewarded. In an environment like this, our competitors will be presented with significant challenges, and they don’t have our balance sheet, diversity of footprint, and services to deliver practical solutions.
We couldn’t do this if we didn’t have the finest team in the industry. We have continued to develop our people. Our philosophy of Exposure, Experience and Education to develop leaders is paying off. Our Global / Local approach is part of our secret and predicated on the involvement and development of our leaders across the world. The requirement to be ambidextrous has never been more of an imperative – we must operate the business day to day,
while positioning ourselves for the future. We must optimize local entrepreneurship and maximize global knowledge and collaboration. No team is better equipped for this dual task.
Our team’s energy and engagement will be critical in 2009.
We derive a lot of our energy from what we deliver to society and individuals. Finding a job for an individual is exhilarating for us. From what Right Management does in Career Transition and development through to our core staffing business, we are committed to connecting people to careers.
The natural result is our long-standing commitment to our Corporate Social Responsibility efforts. And this work will not stop. In fact, it’s more essential than ever before. Since opening its doors in 2005, more than 4,000 individuals have enrolled in the Manpower Vocational Training Centers in Tamil Nadu, India, over 3,000 have completed their training and more than 1,600 have subsequently secured employment. In addition to this, whether it be in France, U.K., Mexico, U.S. or many other parts of the world, we have put
in millions ($)
08
07
06
05
04
698.9 93.1
  340.6 91.6 279.1 80.0
191.2 77.6 119.5 67.9
      Free Cash Flow Capital Expenditures
We have a solid balance sheet and strong cash flows. Free cash flow more than doubled, to $698.9 million, in 2008.
Doing well by doing good... our workforce development programs provide an important, sustainable revenue stream.
8
Shareholder’s Letter Manpower Annual Report 2008

nearly 28,000 people to work through our workforce development programs. This has involved, in many cases, training, assessment and, the hardest part, placement of these people. Based on the needs and current labor market, we’ll have more opportunities to impact the communities we live in – so we can do well by doing good. We understand the long-term impact that our sustainability efforts can have on our brand, and how it positively enhances the engagement of our people throughout the world. We work in an organization that values results – not just that we achieve them, but how we achieve them. At the end of the day, this defines the Manpower group of companies.
You can count on us to vigorously pursue the future, while continuously driving excellence in our day-to-day business. I want to thank our investors, who have shown confidence in our business, strategy and team. We are committed to delivering you superior returns. Are we concerned about 2009 from a financial perspective? Yes – it will be a challenging year. But at the same time, we are facing this turbulence with confidence and high expectations – we are certain current events will have a catalytic effect on our future growth and profitability.
We will play offense during this period, but we will strategically and appropriately run some time off the clock, scoring surgically, yet boldly. We will make it happen.
Sincerely,
JEFFREy A. JOERRES
ChAiRMAN, CEO & PRESiDENT FEbRuARy 18, 2009
We work in an organization
that values results – not just that we achieve them, but how we achieve them. At the end of the day, this defines the Manpower group of companies.
In six decades of operation, Manpower Inc. has prospered under the stewardship of just three chief executives: co-founder Elmer Winter (right, 1948 – 76), Mitchell Fromstein (left, 1976 – 99) and Jeff Joerres (center), who has been President and CEO since 1999
and Chairman since 2001. They have guided Manpower to its current position as a $22 billion global leader in employment services.
  Manpower Annual Report 2008 Shareholder’s Letter
9
