Letter to our Shareholders
Dear Shareholders —
As you know, 2001 was a tough year for businesses world- wide and, consequently, for the staffing companies that serve them. While it was difficult for us to show growth in that environment, we know from past history that recoveries usually offer an early opportunity to grow revenues and profits. With this potential opportunity in mind, we used the year to solidify both our operating and financial strengths, focusing on the key strategic areas that we have been building on over the past three years.
For example, our gross profit margin improved by 70 basis points during the year, reflecting the value our customers place on the services we provide. In the major geographies in which we operate, we were able to reduce operating and overhead expenses, and we did so thoughtfully and strategically – by improving our service-delivery process, rather than by eliminating elements that will drive our future growth. We generated more than $193 million in free cash flow – a 49% increase over 2000. This is due, in part, to the fact that our cash flow runs counter to the business cycle; so, as the revenues decreased, the receivables from a higher revenue stream were collected. Even so, we made improvements that went beyond economic cycles,
reflecting the underlying strength of our business. One such area was a two-day reduction in the collection period for our outstanding receivables.
We ended the year with systemwide sales of $11.8 billion and revenues of $10.5 billion. Operating profit was $237.6 million.
The worldwide economy may be slow and timing of a recovery uncertain, but we believe Manpower’s future growth opportunities are certain. Customers of all sizes – from the largest global accounts to the smallest local customers – are all asking for more from Manpower. This is a real opportunity for us because of Manpower’s track record for delivering the best service in the industry.
Exceptional service is, in fact, the core of the Manpower brand – a reputation built over the last 54 years by delivering people with the right skills, quickly and efficiently to our customers.
During the year, we continued to build on our service leadership position in many markets and expanded our presence worldwide, growing our network to more than 3,900 offices, with 235 net office additions in the year. We
added locations in high-potential geographies, including Asia Pacific and targeted countries in Europe – notably Italy and France. Today, our assets and service capabilities are aligned with both long-range market opportunities and near-term demand.
We also continued to expand both the range and reach of the services we provide, focusing on the specialty and professional side of our business, where there are great growth opportunities. We significantly expanded the geographic footprints of both Elan Group Ltd., our European IT staffing subsidiary, and The Empower Group, an independent operating unit that provides human resource consulting services to major customers. And, in July, we acquired Jefferson Wells International, Inc., a respected and fast-growing professional provider of internal audit, accounting, technology, and tax services.
At a time when companies worldwide are experiencing a significant increase in their need for financial professionals – and equally significant pressure to control fixed-expense growth – Jefferson Wells allows us to offer a wide range of specialized services that are strategically important to our customers. Just as important, this acquisition – like those of
 – 24 –
– 25 –

Elan and The Empower Group in the past – demonstrates our overall approach to growth. In making acquisitions, we’re not interested in simply piling on assets or revenues. Instead, we focus on opportunities that will both energize and enrich our core business over the long term and provide an immediate business “fit” – companies that can respond to our customers’ business requirements immediately, without major integration efforts, expenses, or disruptions required by our existing organization.
A similar service focus drives our approach to technology, which we deploy with a straightforward goal: making Manpower the best staffing company to do business with worldwide.
As a result, we continued our investments in 2001 – making substantial progress on our integrated back office in the United States, developing a new front-office system for Europe, and providing access to our capabilities over the Internet. And our customers are responding. Our second generation global e-commerce offering is winning business at a rapid pace as it offers ease-of-use and a dynamic array of features, built on the best industry knowledge available in the world – right here at Manpower.
As important as our strategies and accomplishments are, however, one prevailing fact remains. It takes talented, determined people to accomplish our goals. That’s why one of our major focuses has been on forging a high- performance organization – one that deeply understands its markets, lives up to its promises, and uses its uniquely entrepreneurial culture to capitalize on the opportunities that our changing industry continually presents.
At the core of this effort is alignment – of our strategies to the demands of our customers and our marketplace, and of the daily decisions made by Manpower employees, working in different countries and different cultures – to a shared and global set of values focused on people, knowledge, and innovation. These principles guide and support us every day in achieving the best solutions for our employees and our customers.
In fact, the alignment of our strategies and values translates directly into market leadership with sustainable competitive advantages. It translates into operating leadership – the creation of value by combining productivity, scale, and the sharing of best practices across all of our locations throughout the 61 countries in which we operate.
And, above all, it translates into performance – a company with the willingness, ability, and capacity to deal with change, without losing sight of long-range goals, and create lasting value.
It is our leadership in service, coupled with our values, which will, again, steady us in 2002, through whatever economic challenges may occur in the unpredictable days and months that lie ahead.
Make no mistake: we are confident in our prospects. If the world economy recovers in 2002, as many believe it will, we are better positioned to benefit from the surge in staffing demand that historically follows downturns, and to move aggressively down a growth track in 2003. But, even if the environment remains as sluggish as it is at this writing, we are positioned to perform, thanks to our focus on productivity, profit margins, and strong cash flows.
In closing, I want to thank our customers and shareholders for the support and encouragement they provided throughout the year, and to express our appreciation to our Board of Directors for their contributions. In particular, I want to thank Dudley Godfrey and Marvin Goodman,
who will retire from our board this year, for their years of dedicated service and counsel. I want to thank Terry Hueneke, who retired as Executive Vice President and head of the Americas and Asia Pacific operations, after 28 years of service. Fortunately, Terry will continue as a Director, and our Board will continue to benefit from his experience and insight. In addition, after a short tenure on our Board, I want to wish Nancy Brinker well in her new assignment as Ambassador to Hungary, which she began in August.
Above all, I want to thank the 22,400 people of Manpower worldwide for their efforts throughout 2001. While we accomplished much, we know that looking back is never as important as looking ahead. The difficult year challenged our character and commitment, and without hesitation I can say that we are now a stronger company than we were, even a year ago. All of us clearly understand that what we do every day is much more than work.
Jeffrey A. Joerres
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President March 1, 2002
 – 26 –
– 27 –
