 We entered 2002 anticipating an economic recovery — it didn’t happen. We also anticipated progress at Manpower — it did happen. We took action to further our stated strategies and we emerged from 2002 stronger, leaner and with an even higher level of confidence regarding our leadership position in the industry.
Our systemwide sales were $11.8 billion with revenues of $10.6 billion. Our operating profit was $235 million. We strengthened our balance sheet, generating $228 million in cash flow from operations, of which $115 million was used to reduce our debt levels. We also shaved an additional day from the collection time of our receivables.
We were disciplined throughout the year on expenses. We implemented a cost containment program that institutionalized the management of our key expense drivers, while allowing room for investment in important initiatives and infrastructure to feed our continued growth.
Our team in France deserves to be recognized for another stellar performance, with an increase of nearly 6% in operating unit profit. Completing the year with an operating unit profit margin of 3.7% is a very strong performance, particularly given the weak economic backdrop.
The strength of our performance relative to our primary competition, and the market in general, was rewarded by our shareholders. Our shares finished the year 16% above the S&P 500 Index in 2002. Over the last three years, Manpower’s shares outperformed the S&P 500 by 29%.
 To our Shareholders —
Manpower Inc. 2002 Annual Report

 Today more than ever, we operate in a world where speed is of the essence. It is during these difficult times that work “speeds up” as everyone tries to do more with fewer resources. And it is at times like these that our customers look to us for innovation and answers. In the core of our business we were able to enhance our relationships with our customers by providing them with flexibility, efficiency and the high quality service that they rely on us to deliver.
We have played an integral role with many of our major customers to streamline their work processes, enhance their productivity and position them positively for the future. By offering a broader array of stand-alone services, we have been able to align more effectively with the continuing move toward outsourcing core HR functions like assessment, screening, permanent placement or sourcing, orientation and training to produce results for our global and local customers worldwide.
In 2002, across the world, we succeeded in broadening our base of non-contract customers, which is an extremely important accomplishment for us in order to balance and complement the contractual work that we do for our major accounts. Our ability to produce profitable growth rests on our geographic and service offering diversification. The broadening of our base of customers is integral to our ability to catapult ahead during more robust economic times.
Moving forward is also about productivity and efficiency. Throughout the year, we worked diligently on our efficiency strategy. We reduced our SG&A to 15.8% of revenue and we did this in
  22 Manpower Inc. 2002 Annual Report

 a way that we are confident is sustainable. Our work on improving the intake process for our candidates and the successful pilot of our new front office system in Europe are just a few of the efficiency improvements that we accomplished in 2002.
Our e-commerce tools continue to be implemented across major accounts in various countries, as our customers recognize the efficiency and convenience that we can provide to them through technology that is designed specifically for our industry. Approximately $700 million of our global sales were transacted in 10 countries by more than 50 customers who utilized our e-procurement tools. We will continue to offer innovation to our customers through technology solutions that are designed for use at both local and global levels, with a combination of both built and bought solutions.
Our specialty lines of business are also fundamental to our long-term business strategy, and we continued to invest in expanding these brands in 2002 because we are confident in their long-term prospects. Jefferson Wells International, our financial professional services firm, was a solid business model prior to the issue of auditor independence arising in the U.S. marketplace, and now it is even more so. We have expanded our office network for Jefferson Wells by 50% and invested in both practice methodology and personnel in 2002. We also continued our expansion of Elan, our IT staffing firm, into five more countries in 2002, for a total of 16 countries across Europe and Asia Pacific. We are now deriving 35% of Elan’s total revenue from mainland Europe, furthering our diversification objective.
 23

  In all facets of our business throughout 2002, we stayed true to our course. We put aggressive plans in place to strengthen our relationship with our customers, diversify our revenue, improve productivity and efficiency, leverage technology and, at all times, remain passionate about how we approach the market. Simply put — we know who we are. During times when financial results are difficult to deliver, it is easy to stray from course and lose direction. It is our focus, coupled with execution, which produces results for our customers and shareholders.
2003 may turn out to look much like 2002 — a recovery within sight, but a recovery that doesn’t materialize. Or, in the more likely scenario, demand for our services will be spurred on by a recovery, and the progress that we have made in 2002 will be leveraged to improve our returns to our shareholders.
Regardless of which direction the economic winds blow, we are entering 2003 with confidence that our geographic diversification, cost structure and expanded service offerings can weather any storm, as we have proven for two years, and more importantly, that we can continue to make progress.
I could not write this letter without addressing the topics of investor confidence and social responsibility, which have had a high profile in 2002. You can be assured that Manpower operates with the highest level of integrity — and it is not because we want to be fashionable; it is a deep part of our heritage. We are also proud of our history of responsible corporate citizenship, and we have decided to expand on this topic on the following pages to provide you with more detailed information about our performance.
24 Manpower Inc. 2002 Annual Report

 On a global scale, it is clear that there is great opportunity for our industry to grow, as only a handful of countries have more than 1% of their working population in flexible employment environments, while all mature markets are over 2%. This means that, as the world labor markets mature, we have the potential to double our business in nearly every country in our network. The long-term outlook for our industry in general, and Manpower in particular, is very exciting. Not many industries can say this.
2003 may bring another year of challenging economic circumstances, but I assure you that Manpower will not be standing still. We are focused. We are a strong company. And we refuse to be distracted by short-term circumstances, as we strive to reach our goals. Throughout all of the countries and subsidiaries in our global network, we will continue to make progress “at the speed of work.”
Thank you to all of our employees worldwide, whose hard work and dedication make all of our achievements possible. I also want to thank Ira Harris, who retired from our board, for his 11 years of service as a director.
Jeffrey A. Joerres Chairman, CEO & President February 7, 2003
  25
