Dear Shareholders,
At this time last year, my letter to you addressed the uncertain economic winds thatmightaffectourbusiness.Wefound2003wantingtobetherecovery year, yet it never materialized. Regardless, we moved forward briskly as an organization to expand the scope of the services we offer and improve our organizational efficiency.
Revenue for 2003 was $12.2 billion, an increase of 14.8%, with assistance from currency. On a constant currency basis, our revenue increased 2.2%.The most important accomplishment for the year from a financial perspective was our ability to maintain our gross margin percentage in the face of an industry trend that was going in the opposite direction.We were able to accomplish this by consistently demonstrating our local market expertise to customers, whether they are in France, Japan, Germany, the U.S. or any of the very different local markets in which we operate. In addition, we continued to strengthen our balance sheet.We were able to reduce our debt-to-capital- ization ratio and improve our interest coverage ratio.We continued to have strong cash flows from operations of $223.4 million.
Throughout 2003 we strengthened our business in many ways, continuing to focus on our vision and our strategies,ensuring that our priorities are in line with the services our customers are looking for,and the returns our shareholders expect from us.We made great strides forward in efficiency gains through our e-commerce solutions that continue to lead the industry,and will become even stronger as we implement our third generation e-commerce tools through a new relationship with PeopleSoft, announced in November.
“THE MOST IMPORTANT ACCOMPLISHMENT FOR THE YEAR FROM A FINANCIAL PERSPECTIVE WAS OUR ABILITY TO MAINTAIN OUR GROSS MARGIN PERCENTAGE IN THE FACE OF AN INDUSTRY TREND THAT WAS GOING IN THE OPPOSITE DIRECTION.”
MANPOWER INC. 013 2003 ANNUAL REPORT
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
    
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
In 2003, we completed the U.S. installation of our new back office system for the entire branch network, greatly enhancing our efficiency and improving our invoicing flexibility.We also enhanced the efficiency of our intake sys- tem in our branch offices, primarily in Europe, through the use of candidate self-administration of skill assessment tools, and we are rapidly deploying the same system across the world.
Ontheprofessionalservicesfront,ourJeffersonWellsInternational subsidiary has been very effective in expanding its client base through their Sarbanes-Oxley compliance work for customers, as well as in their general service areas of accounting, audit and risk assessment. Several Fortune 100 companies selected JeffersonWells for their Sarbanes-Oxley compliance work in 2003, and we are now looking at expanding our relationships with these organizations, positioning Jefferson Wells with a very good springboard for growth in 2004.
Our efforts to continually strengthen our business have allowed us to develop much stronger relationships with a vast array of clients throughout the world, from large global customers to small and medium size businesses in the communities where we live and work each day. In short, we are much better positioned than ever before.We have reduced our transaction cost, improved our network footprint with the addition of strategic office locations, balanced our business mix with the acquisition of Right Management Consultants, and strengthened our higher profit margin businesses throughout the world.With each new level of progress that we achieve, we are gaining additional momentum and synergy in the execution of our business strategies.
    014 MANPOWER INC.
2003 ANNUAL REPORT
“WE HAVE REDUCED OUR TRANSACTION COST, IMPROVED OUR NETWORK FOOTPRINT
WITH THE ADDITION OF STRATEGIC OFFICE LOCATIONS, BALANCED OUR BUSINESS MIX WITH THE ACQUISITION OF RIGHT MANAGE- MENT CONSULTANTS, AND STRENGTHENED OUR HIGHER PROFIT MARGIN BUSINESSES THROUGHOUT THE WORLD. “

This constant,disciplined focus on strengthening and improving our business is an imperative, not an option. Every day the marketplace continues to grow more difficult,with pricing challenges in today’s competitive envi- ronment, shifts in labor trends creating new skill shortages for the near-term labor market,and the growing job migration to lower-cost labor environments as an ever-present threat to several national economies. Although we recognize the difficult marketplace, challenges such as these are not new to us. In fact, in many ways, these difficulties are to our advantage as we are well positioned in so many different areas to help our customers navigate their workforces through the turbulent times in the employment and business cycles.
Our leading position in the marketplace throughout the entire world is based on a simple principle:local passion and global efficiency. As you can see from this year’s annual report, Manpower is engaged on several levels to add value to our customers, from the most local of companies, to some of the largest and most renowned global organizations. Maintaining a strategic balance between our local labor market knowledge and our global service capabilities and efficiency opportunities will continue to be an important competitive differentiator as we go forward. Locally, we must remain attuned to the marketplace, as different marketplaces change at different rates and in different cycles.The flexibility that is built into our business model is absolutely essential for us to stay locally meaningful.
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 MANPOWER INC. 015 2003 ANNUAL REPORT

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 We believe our unique global/local balance is mandatory in order for us to lead the industry in innovation.Innovation cannot occur as effectively as we need it to happen in today’s labor market unless we are close enough to the local market to recognize changes and develop strategies to adjust accordingly. Our local strategy entails a close connection to the community to understand the needs of our local customers and the various economic and legislative issues that affect them. It enables us to attract and retain the best people in the community and to ensure that Manpower is recognized as a great place to work. Our strong community involvement also enables us to give something back through our expertise in workforce development to help unemployed and disabled people improve their skills and find jobs in which they can succeed. The Manpower brand must,and does,live locally.
The Manpower brand must also transcend borders.The promise of integrity in our business practices,the highest standards in our service delivery, and quality employment opportunities permeate all 4,300 offices, regardless of their location or business segment.
The advantages of being a global corporation must provide returns to you, the shareholders, and it does. At the global level, our innovation comes from the ability to see change occurring across many borders simultaneously, anticipate the next stage of evolution and optimize our service offerings accordingly. The global level is also where we identify the greatest opportunities for efficiency gains.
    016 MANPOWER INC.
2003 ANNUAL REPORT
“OUR LOCAL STRATEGY ENTAILS A CLOSE CONNECTION TO THE COMMUNITY TO UNDERSTAND THE NEEDS OF OUR LOCAL CUSTOMERS AND THE VARIOUS ECONOMIC AND LEGISLATIVE ISSUES THAT AFFECT THEM.”
 
For example, we develop technology that can be replicated across many geographies to create competitive advantages at the local level where we compete with thousands of companies that do not have the resources to develop their own tools. At the same time, this development at the global level reduces our cost infrastructure across the network.This approach has worked very effectively with our advances in front and back office systems in particular.
Conversely, much of our innovation occurs through the use of our national operations as R&D incubators for new service offerings and cutting-edge business tools. As one of our markets sees an opportunity or has an innovative idea,our entrepreneurial culture empowers them to develop and try it. Our knowledge sharing systems enable other markets to understand their innovation and watch its progress.The most successful ideas and innova- tions are evaluated at the regional and global level to determine if they can be replicated for other markets, or perhaps throughout our global network. Much of our progress over the past few years in building our higher margin permanent placement and professional staffing services is attributed to the strength of our local R&D incubators.
We can only execute our global/local strategy by having the best team of employees throughout the world – a team that is passionate and involved in their local markets, and in step with global initiatives.That is how Manpower is built.That is why we are confident about the future.
No year is easy to predict,and 2004 will be no exception.As I write this letter, the economy looks more promising but, as we all witnessed in 2003, this is no guarantee that a labor recovery is imminent. Regardless of how the
“AT THE GLOBAL LEVEL, OUR INNOVATION COMES FROM THE ABILITY TO SEE CHANGE OCCURRING ACROSS MANY BORDERS SIMULTANEOUSLY, ANTICIPATE THE NEXT STAGE OF EVOLUTION AND OPTIMIZE OUR SERVICE OFFERINGS ACCORDINGLY.”
MANPOWER INC. 017 2003 ANNUAL REPORT
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
     
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
economy shifts and turns, 2004 will be another year of progress for Manpower. We will continue to shape the face of Manpower,and what the Manpower brand represents to our customers, prospective customers, employees and the public at large.
The temporary staffing part of our business is, and will remain, the timbers on which our business is built.The growth in the temporary staffing industry shows that there is a tremendous opportunity for us in all geographies. Over the last several years, we have added services, including permanent placement, IT and other speciality staffing, and professional services.We’ve now added Right Management Consultants, the premier career transitioning and organizational consulting firm in the world, which is almost double the size of its nearest competitors.
As we look to 2004 we will be setting new standards in the industry as to what is required in order to serve customers throughout the entire employment life cycle.We are raising the bar on what is required to be able to work with companies – large, medium, or small – in fulfilling their needs from recruitment of permanent, contract and temporary employees, to assessing their skills, providing comprehensive training and career transitioning services. With the acquisition of Right, which will be absorbing our Empower Group subsidiary, we have also more than doubled the size of our organizational consulting group, making it the largest of its kind in the world.This service offering alone will differentiate us from our competitors in the added value
    018 MANPOWER INC.
2003 ANNUAL REPORT
“AS WE LOOK TO 2004 WE WILL BE SETTING NEW STANDARDS IN THE INDUSTRY AS TO WHAT IS REQUIRED IN ORDER TO SERVE CUSTOMERS THROUGHOUT THE ENTIRE EMPLOYMENT LIFE CYCLE.”

we can provide to customers as they call on us for assistance in designing their workforce to match their business needs. All these factors lead to a bright future for Manpower and its group of companies to affect the market and raise the bar within the industry,which is exactly what we are going to do.
The most rewarding part of my position is working with an excep- tional team of people – the best in the industry – which becomes stronger, deeper and better every year.We have persevered through some extremely difficult periods together, and at no time was there hesitation or wavering when it came to our customers and our values, and for that I would like to thank the entire team worldwide for their efforts in 2003.
I would also like to thank the Board of Directors for the support they have given to the organization,and welcome our new directors,Stephanie Burns, President and CEO of Dow Corning, and Jack Greenberg, retired Chairman and CEO of McDonald’s.
Finally, I would like to thank all of our shareholders for their confidence and trust in Manpower as a long-term,sustainable investment.
JEFFREY A. JOERRES CHAIRMAN, CEO & PRESIDENT FEBRUARY 9, 2004
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
  MANPOWER INC. 019 2003 ANNUAL REPORT
