 Dear ManpowerGroup Investor,
These are extraordinary times. We’re constantly navigating rapid changes in how we live and work, and we’re acutely aware of how economic, political and geopolitical events are more interconnected than ever before. These events are happening more frequently, and they’re undeniably having a direct impact on labor markets. Clearly, tomorrow looks nothing like yesterday, and accessing talent has never been more complex. ManpowerGroup understands this better than anyone, and we used that to our advantage in 2013.
LettertoInvestors ManpowerGroup2013AnnualReport 11

Operating in a time of certain uncertainty requires agility, and in 2013 we increased ours. There’s no doubt we have more work to do, but the strides we made have built confidence across our organization that no matter what comes our way, we’ll make faster turns and gain the competitive advantage.
OuR 2013 PERFORMAnCE
As planned, 2013 was a year of simplification and recalibration. Although it was something of a nascent concept little more than a year ago, we were solid in our thinking and steadily gained momentum. While we have always prided ourselves on our agility, last year we doubled-down, accelerating our efforts to simplify our organization, programs, delivery and technology—all while maintaining focus on what’s valued most by our clients. We made difficult decisions to shed what, over years, had come to weigh us down or wouldn’t be sustainable in the future.
However, what remained sacrosanct was our culture. Our mission to connect people to meaningful work and help our clients win has remained constant. Proof that we kept our culture intact can be seen in the results of our annual survey, which showed our colleagues were equally or more engaged than the previous year. Just as impressive, we saw a dramatic increase in engagement among our first- and second- line managers; clearly a sign that all levels of our leadership are taking greater ownership for driving the success of ManpowerGroup. Simplifying operations and intensifying our client focus energized our organization and gave us the momentum necessary to improve financial results, though we still have more to do.
Our revenue remained challenged, finishing the year down 2% in constant currency, compared to 2012. Our gross margin, aided by the French payroll tax credit CICE, was flat for the year, while our expenses were managed very well. As a result, we increased operating profit by 24% and net earnings by 46% in constant currency. Our earnings per share grew 47%, even after restructuring charges, while our cash flow improved by $90 million.
As I’ve written in the past, we are pressing ahead in building our business mix and gross profit margins. We continue to drive value through our strong and connected brands, built on insight gained from hundreds of thousands of client conversations and a deep understanding of the macroeconomic forces that shape our world. The result is a suite of innovative workforce solutions that have never been more relevant or necessary, as seen in the notable progress made by our family of brands in 2013.
Overall, our teams worldwide delivered strong performance in 2013, with several operations contributing substantial results. For instance, the Netherlands success- fully implemented our new Manpower delivery model, which was well-received by clients, candidates and colleagues alike. The team strategically consolidated branches, reduced costs by $9 million annually and increased website traffic to 2.6 million visits per year. Clearly, Manpower Netherlands is setting the standard for the ongoing evolution of how we connect companies and talent.
12 ManpowerGroup2013AnnualReport LettertoInvestors

Operating Profit*
In Millions ($) 800
600 400 200
Our operations in Spain also deserve recognition. Despite challenging market conditions, they worked hard and showed tenacity, yielding great results. After experiencing revenue contraction in the first half of the year, they ended the year strong, with 15% organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter in constant currency, and a 62% jump in profitability for the year, excluding restructuring charges.
In the U.S., profits grew by 40%, excluding restructuring charges and 2012 legal costs. While revenues were slightly off market, we are well-positioned for more growth, which we’ve already seen inklings of in early 2014. We expect more to come.
OuR BRAndS
With flexibility and agility in increasingly high demand, Manpower remains our calling card and the centerpiece for solving many of our clients’ challenges. With 65 years of history behind it, Manpower is our most trusted and well-known brand, putting more than 600,000 people on assignment each day, for businesses of all sizes, across 80 countries and territories. It has a presence in all of our markets, from the most mature to those just opened.
In 2013, we also introduced a multi-channel sales and delivery model for our services, designed to meet our clients’ evolving needs. It maximizes our branch structure through consolidation, where appropriate, and leverages centralized recruiting hubs and virtual recruiting, all aided by technology. This market-focused delivery model will fuel Manpower’s growth as it’s adopted more broadly in 2014. It will also likely increase demand for services like talent mapping, where we use our extensive knowledge of local markets and data to help clients more efficiently find, recruit, train and sustain talent.
Net Earnings*
In Millions ($) 400
800 700
 300
600 500
     200
400 300
  100
200 100
  000
’09 ’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 ’09
’10 ’11 ’12 ’13 *Excludes Non-Recurring Items as discussed further on the financial highlights page. *Excludes Non-Recurring Items as discussed further on the financial highlights page.
            LettertoInvestors ManpowerGroup2013AnnualReport 13

Our professional talent business, Experis, is poised for improvement, after seeing revenue decrease by 6% in constant currency in 2013. We, of course, are not satisfied with this, even though gross profit margin stayed steady. With more clients gaining appreciation for the depth and scope of this offering, and how it builds more streamlined and agile operations, we are committed to marked improvements in 2014. Although about 70% of our Experis business is in information technology talent, we’ve made solid strides in engineering, which was up 19% in constant currency. In addition, 2013 saw the introduction of Project Mayflower, a growing, sought-after service that takes full advantage of our global footprint by recruiting and placing talent, primarily from India, into other countries. This is another testimony to our clients’ trust in our ability to handle a highly complex service with great care. We’ve also worked hard to improve our recruiting expertise in vertical markets such as oil and gas and healthcare.
ManpowerGroup Solutions gained solid traction in Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO) and Managed Service Provider (MSP), which are also the fastest-growing solutions in the industry. Our RPO and MSP offerings were both named number one in the world, ranked as the largest in the industry by NelsonHall and Staffing Industry Analysts, respectively, and as the global industry leaders by Everest Group. In 2013, RPO alone earned 92 contracts and 100 projects, while MSP managed nearly $9 billion in spend under management globally. Talent based outsourcing experienced a decline, as it correlates to the demand for core staffing.
Right Management delivered a 45% increase in operating unit profit in constant currency in 2013, excluding restructuring charges, and saw an uptick in demand for career management. There was added interest in talent management as well, where we help companies find, assess, develop, engage and align people around their business strategy. We believe there is exceptional opportunity ahead on this front.
                                                                              Business Line Gross Profit
In Billions ($)
    14 ManpowerGroup2013AnnualReport LettertoInvestors
tal Manpower 2.3 3.4
Experis 0.6 ManpowerGroup Solutions 0.3 Right Management 0.2
Right Management ManpowerGroup Solutions Experis
To
           manpower

The transition from capitalism to talentism has definitely taken hold.
OuR ChAnGInG WORLd
It was deeply satisfying to see thought leaders in business, academia, government and media validate the Human Age and all its complexities in 2013. In the three years since we first announced the arrival of the Human Age—where talent is the key competitive differentiator—the concept has steadily gained momentum and now the transition from capitalism to talentism has definitely taken hold.
In that time, we’ve seen rapid change shake the social, economic and technological forces that impact the world of work. These forces have become more intertwined, like an ever-tightening Gordian Knot, prompting new demands for innovation and productivity. As we advise clients and prospects so often, the solution is a more agile and flexible organization. Those who know how to find, cultivate and sustain talent, will win in this complex environment. It’s gratifying to see more come in lock-step with us and to witness their insatiable appetite to drive purposeful change to accelerate their success.
Looking ahead, even more shifts will impact how business is done. Already we’re seeing people reorganizing themselves, socially and professionally, around the idea of “co”—where shared production, innovation, investment and consumption is creating communities of loyal stakeholders. Even in business, collaborative success is potentially gaining greater favor. It’s a powerful concept that’s integral to the Human Age and to defining how we work with clients, candidates and our colleagues.
On the other hand, big data and its value, remains somewhat nebulous for many Human Resource and business leaders. Although we’ve heard a lot of buzz about how big data can do everything from predict an influenza outbreak to solving U.S. energy issues, it remains mostly unseen what can be done with all the information that is available. That said, forward-thinking companies are already building advanced data analytics into their HR function. We’re also witnessing increasing client expectations to provide access to the best data, as well as advanced analytics and insights to give them a competitive advantage. Clearly, this will be another area of potential growth in the near future.
LettertoInvestors ManpowerGroup2013AnnualReport 15

We’re continuing to pursue our goal of 4% operating profit margin.
We’re also mindful of what we call the “rise of voices” where technology has given great power to individuals or groups, allowing them to speak out and be heard unlike any other time in history. This continuous conversation has increased the sophistication and expectations of consumers, a significant consideration for companies looking to succeed. It’s also the fuel for movements and uprisings, especially among youth, whose unemployment rate has long exceeded that of any other age group. As we look to solve these and other workforce challenges, we are increasingly mindful of the rise-of-voice dynamic and its rapidly growing influence on the world of work.
OuR OPPORTunITy
There’s no doubt growth will be harder to come by than in previous periods of economic recovery. However, the changing landscape, the way work gets done, and how companies are seeking out agility is a pitch right into our wheelhouse
of expertise. That doesn’t mean it will come easy. We must continue to execute superbly while increasing the depth of our offerings, especially in our higher-margin areas, like ManpowerGroup Solutions, including RPO and MSP. We have to do better with Experis; with the strategic investments and decisions we made in 2013, it has all the makings for greater success.
In 2013, we simplified our organization, programs, delivery and technology with an urgency and laser focus that boosted our innovation and productivity. It created a bounce in our step across the organization. We increased the speed in which we make decisions and established greater clarity and accountability among our people. Most of all, we delivered results, a credit to our organization’s DNA and eagerness to collaborate across brands, borders and functions. We’re now working out of shared locations, our sales teams are cross-selling and our leaders are taking on broader responsibilities, particularly at the country level.
I’m certain our collaboration has sent a strong message to our clients and made a positive impact on our profitability. Still there’s more opportunity out there. We need to be more aggressive and creative in driving growth, which remains a top priority. We’re continuing to pursue our goal of 4% operating profit margin and are buoyed by the impact of our recalibration efforts.
16 ManpowerGroup2013AnnualReport LettertoInvestors

Growth is one of the most important means to achieving higher profitability in 2014. Although we cannot completely go against the grain of macroeconomic challenges, we can bend them ever so slightly. Considering the reduction in our expenses over the past year, we have the potential to create sizable operating leverage. We are optimistic that we are on a better trajectory, but are always mindful of the certain uncertainty plaguing the labor market and global economies.
OuR nExT ChAPTER
As I told our colleagues at the close of the year, 2013 was about celebration—as we acknowledged our company’s 65th anniversary—but more so, transformation.
As we worked through many challenging decisions, I thought often of one of my heroes, Mitchell Fromstein, who passed away on November 7 at the age of 85.
I succeeded him as CEO in 1999. We remained in touch over the years, and I can confidently say he never lost his passion for the business. During his tenure, Mitchell fought tooth and nail to create breakthroughs in our industry, like Skillware and the Predictable Performance System, and he never lost sight of our mission to do well by doing good. He consistently took this company to new heights, even through a hostile takeover in 1987. Mitchell will be missed, but I can assure you that we will double our efforts to protect his legacy, especially now as more change comes.
As ManpowerGroup continues to grow and focus on simplification, change remains our constant. For us, change is not episodic. We never take it lightly, and we’re purposeful in our actions. We don’t make change for sport, only when it has a direct correlation to better results.
A great example of this is in the recent decision of the Board of Directors to name Jonas Prising as Chief Executive Officer and me as Executive Chairman, effective May 1, 2014. Years of thought and planning went into that decision, and we are assured that Jonas’ appointment, along with the creation of the Chief Operating Officer role and a new leader for the Asia Pacific and Middle East region, will only accelerate our success in the future.
We don’t make change for sport, only when
it has a direct correlation to better results.
LettertoInvestors ManpowerGroup2013AnnualReport 17

I have spent 15 years as the CEO of this company and have enjoyed every single minute. But I must tell you what’s been most gratifying was the last nine months as I saw the executive team come together, gaining strength and confidence. It gave me and our Board of Directors all the confidence we needed to be certain that a change in leadership is the exact right thing to do, and now is the right time.
I would like to thank the Board of Directors for the last 15 years of challenge, encouragement, and most of all, support for viewing the business for the long term.
I am convinced this has created much more sustainability for ManpowerGroup, from the board room to our branch offices. It has been a thrill and a privilege to lead this organization and to be the CEO of such a storied company with such a strong culture. Finally, I must say thank you to our shareholders who have been with us for such a long time. I am optimistic for our future and all that’s to come as we move into ManpowerGroup’s next chapter.
JeffRey A. JoeRRes
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer*
ManpowerGroup
*Executive Chairman, effective May 1, 2014
  Jonas Prising
Jeffrey A. Joerres
18

I am proud and honored to lead ManpowerGroup.
BEGInnInG OuR nEW ChAPTER
It is with great excitement and pride that I look forward to stepping into the role of my three predecessors on May 1. As incoming CEO, I look at the foundation that has been laid over the past 65 years, the most recent 15 years under Jeff’s leadership, and I am thrilled to lead ManpowerGroup’s continued journey of growth and innovation.
We live in a time of rapid change. The reality of new innovations and technology is turning well- established assumptions and frameworks into strategies of the past. This pace of change is unlikely to slow, and it will significantly impact the world in which we live and the environment in which ManpowerGroup operates.
Not a day goes by without major news coverage of labor market issues, whether it be youth unemployment in the Middle East, educational attainment in Brazil, the aging workforce in Japan or immigration policies in the U.S. and the European Union. ManpowerGroup has a profound understanding of these dynamic labor issues, and has thrived in an environment that requires organizations to be increasingly agile. This knowledge, coupled with our understanding of clients’ needs to find the right skills at the right time, has allowed us to match millions of men and women to the right job opportunity. Our mission is to excel as
a business and contribute to the well-being of the communities in which we live and work. Our founders expressed this mission as “doing well by doing good,” and this duality of purpose is what fuels my
personal passion for the business. I know the same is true for ManpowerGroup colleagues across the globe; we connect unique individuals to meaningful work, every day.
As I look beyond the current labor market dynamics, I see fundamental changes that will provide our organization with tremendous opportunities. In the Human Age, job and wage opportunities will not be distributed evenly, by skills or geography. Businesses will increasingly rely on their workforce to be organized in new ways. Organizational agility, responsiveness and capability are foundational for long-term success. Our workforce expertise will help our clients succeed by harnessing talent wherever and whenever it is needed and providing predictable talent outcomes
in a world of unpredictable circumstances.
Rapid change will continue to impact the world of work. I am proud and honored to lead ManpowerGroup as we begin a new chapter in our journey of growth and innovation. Together with our shareholders, clients, candidates and colleagues, we will continue to leverage our strong foundation to advance our recruitment and talent management solutions to drive business performance.
JoNAs PrIsING
President*
ManpowerGroup
*Chief Executive Officer, effective May 1, 2014
 LettertoInvestors ManpowerGroup2013AnnualReport 19
