To Our Shareholders:
What do you do? It’s the first question anyone asks when they meet you. It’s also the question that is asked when you’re faced with a problem. In 2006, the answer to that question will be, “call Manpower.” You’ll have to read on to learn more about that. But first, I’d like to give you a glimpse back at 2005, which marked another solid year for Manpower.
The Manpower team across the globe worked diligently on executing every day, while building a platform for the future. Revenues for 2005 exceeded $16 billion, a 7.7% increase in constant currency over 2004. Our profitability also increased, as our EMEA region (Europe, Middle East and Africa – excluding France) increased profitability by 37%, our U.S. group increased profitability by 39% and our Asia Pacific region increased profitability by 36% – all outstanding performances that will continue to deliver benefits for us and our shareholders in the future. Many of the operations that we have been investing in for several years started to contribute significantly to revenue growth, as well as operating profit, in 2005.
2005 was a particularly satisfying year, as growth came from so many different areas of the business, giving us
even more energy and momentum to move forward.
Jeffrey A. Joerres Chairman, CEO & President
 
We improved our operating profit by 11%, to $436 million compared to last year’s $396 million. We also managed our capital effectively, increasing our free cash
by 59% to $190 million and reducing our debt, bringing our debt-to-capitalization percentage from 29% to 26%. We finished the year at $260 million of net income, an 8% increase over 2004.
2005 was a particularly satisfying year, as growth came from so many different areas of the business, giving us even more energy and momentum to move forward. The core of our business is clearly on track, with outstanding growth rates from across the world. We are seeing the continuation of a secular trend in the use of contingent staff, regardless of the geography of the world. Many countries have opened their labor laws, and many companies have opened their minds, to the concept of optimizing the talent flow required in their businesses. These trends are illustrated by growth rates like 26% in Elan, 13% in Italy, 19% in Germany, 28% in Southeast Asia and 41% in Argentina. Clearly this is an exciting time for the core part of our business – providing the world with the best talent available.
In addition to the pure secular growth in more mature markets, Manpower has made significant progress in emerging markets. Our move into China has been both well thought out and well executed. We have approached China for the long run, ensuring that our efforts continue to build on our brand and work well with the dynamics of that particular labor market. In 2005, we substantially increased our presence in China through two separate tracks: operationally and in partnership with the Chinese government. From an operational perspective, we were able to increase our revenue by 71%, doubling the number of full-time permanent placement recruiters to over 100.
Our international partnership office with the Shanghai government is not only a great brand builder for us, but also is our way to contribute to development of the burgeoning labor market in Shanghai, and potentially, in other cities. It allows us to work with
the government in diagnosing and assessing talent availability, creating the roadmap for training and development initiatives by both the public and private sectors. We are confident that both Manpower and the Chinese labor market will benefit from
this venture.
2 Manpower 2005 Annual Report Letter to Shareholders

We have also moved rapidly in the Indian market, where many of our clients have,
or are planning to have, major operations. We’ve enhanced our presence dramatically in India by bringing in a new management team and improving operational execution. We’ve also expanded through a landmark joint venture with ABC Consultants, doubling our revenue in 2005 and making us the industry leader for permanent recruitment in India’s high growth sectors.
We now have more than 2,000 dedicated permanent placement recruiters worldwide, clearly making us one of the top permanent recruiters in the world.
It’s not just the emerging markets that are looking at using Manpower for permanent recruitment – it’s the whole world. We have seen a structural change as companies have reorganized themselves and are creating much more of an industrial strength process to bring talent into their organizations. We have led the employment services industry in bringing permanent recruitment services to the marketplace, and we now have more than 2,000 dedicated permanent placement recruiters worldwide, clearly making us one of the top permanent recruiters in the world.
Letter to Shareholders Manpower 2005 Annual Report 3

Recruitment process outsourcing also is a high-growth area for our business, giving us the unique advantage of being able to manage all of the employer’s permanent, contract and temporary employment needs, efficiently and effectively. We offer these services consistently worldwide for both large and small clients, and our client base continues to grow, particularly among our multinational clients.
Jefferson Wells did well in 2005, bouncing off the tremendous surge in business we had in 2004 as a result of Sarbanes-Oxley. It was our goal to diversify our business mix and expand our geographic network in 2005, and we achieved this goal. We added more than 600 clients and expanded our presence within our existing client base. Sarbanes-Oxley work, which is immensely important to our business, now only comprises a third of Jefferson Wells’ total revenue, which reached an all time high of $380 million.
All in all, it was a solid year for Manpower. We were able to build on our strengths and produce results for our shareholders. But that was yesterday. Tomorrow is what really counts, and that’s where we’re focused.
On February 21, Manpower introduced our newly refreshed brand – the first time we have changed
our brand in our 58-year history.
4 Manpower 2005 Annual Report
Letter to Shareholders

Beyond the financial performance of 2005, there is something much bigger that we have accomplished within Manpower over the past year, the culmination of a major stage in the journey that we have undertaken over the past several years. I suspect, by now, you have noticed something different about this year’s report. On February 21, Manpower introduced our newly refreshed brand – the first time we have changed our identity in our 58-year history. Our new logo, which is on the cover of this book, conveys the spirit of our new brand, which is about showing the many colors of Manpower, and the variety of services that we provide to our clients and the individuals that we help every day to find jobs and transform their careers.
Our new five-color logo - which forms an abstract “MP” for Manpower – has been rolled out around the world on hundreds of offices and will cover the entire network by year end. The logo is also now revealed on all of our advertising and external communications, to signal a shift in Manpower and a shift in the way that we believe our stakeholders should look at the contemporary world of work.
Our new tagline, as you may have guessed, is “What do you do?” People all over the world are defined, in part, by their jobs. If they’re not happy in their jobs, what do they do? They come to Manpower – 4 million of them found permanent, temporary and contract jobs with us in 2005.
As you’ve already read throughout this letter, our clients – both corporate and government – are facing tremendous challenges and changes in today’s labor markets. What do they do? They call Manpower to help them with their most difficult employment issues, to make their jobs easier, and to help them win in the changing world of work.
Our new brand is about much more than a logo. It is about a company that began 58 years ago providing temporary employment to women and men in administrative and industrial positions, and has now evolved to be the acknowledged thought leader in the employment services industry, helping the world’s largest companies and governments to navigate the many challenges in today’s labor market and devise strategies that will enable them, and the individuals they represent, to succeed despite talent shortages in highly skilled positions and long-term unemployment among those with fewer skills, or skills that have become obsolete.
Letter to Shareholders Manpower 2005 Annual Report 5

A few short years ago, we began a journey to broaden our service mix so that we could better serve both large and small clients around the world who were seeking our help on a broader range of employment issues. We have made some strategic acquisitions, and we have developed new services organically at the same time. We have transformed our client service model to enable us to deliver new services like permanent recruitment and recruitment process outsourcing without distracting from our core business of temporary and contract employment services. We have added powerful offerings to our service mix with Jefferson Wells, a leading financial services company, and Right Management, the largest career transition company in the world.
There is still a long way
to go in our journey, but
we are thrilled to share
our progress in a more visible way through the launch of our new brand, which marks the completion of a major milestone
in the creation of today’s Manpower.
6 Manpower 2005 Annual Report
Letter to Shareholders

These changes have required a huge effort by our talented team around the world, and we are excited to see it all coming to fruition. There is still a long way to go in our journey, but we are thrilled to share our progress in a more visible way through the launch of our new brand, which marks the completion of a major milestone in the creation of today’s Manpower.
As part of the transition to the new Manpower brand, you will see that our vision, values and strategies have been modified to align with the company that we are now, and have set our sights on being. Our vision is now: “We lead in the creation and delivery of services that enable our clients to win in the changing world of work.” Our revised business strategies have retained three areas of focus, which are Revenue, Efficiency and Organization & Culture. In addition, we have added Innovation and Thought Leadership, which are central to our plan for the next stage in the Manpower journey. In the contemporary world of work, we believe it’s all about understanding what’s now and what’s next for employers and individuals, and delivering services that help both groups to succeed. Our increased focus on Innovation and Thought Leadership are intended to expand the distance between ourselves and our competitors in these two key areas, further differentiating the value proposition that we can offer to clients worldwide.
The most important aspect of our new brand is the way that it is delivered internally, through a distinct change in behavior among our team worldwide. We believe that we are the most exciting company in the industry due to the training that has been delivered to all of our employees worldwide over the past several months to feed the internal engine and enable all of us to deliver on the new brand. The training has enabled every person to understand what the brand is about, what we expect of leadership and how we expect client service to be delivered.
Letter to Shareholders Manpower 2005 Annual Report 7

We lead in the creation and delivery of services that enable our clients to win in the changing world of work.
Thank you to our shareholders for trusting in us to deliver a superior value proposition in our market and a superior return on your investment. I would also like to express my sincere appreciation to Lord Dennis Stevenson, who has retired from our Board of Directors after 18 years of providing us with his advice and counsel. Most of all,
I thank our 27,000 employees for their passion for the business, commitment to serving our clients and dedication to helping over 4 million people to find permanent, temporary and contract jobs in 2005.
The journey continues...and the best is yet to come. Regards,
Jeffrey A. Joerres Chairman, CEO & President February 9, 2006
 8 Manpower 2005 Annual Report
Letter to Shareholders
