Dear Manspowergroup Investor
I’m especially pleased to report that 2011 was
another year of significant progress toward
differentiating us from everyone else in the industry,
while delivering superior results. Sure, it’s easy
to make broad sweeping statements, but we
back it up.
It was a short 12 months ago that we announced
at the 2011 World Economic Forum Annual Meeting
in Davos that, based on our research and insight,
we could see the world was entering a new era
–
the Human Age. Yes, it was a pretty bold claim, but
we had prepared ourselves for the opportunity and
led the world to this conclusion, confidently defining
an era at its dawn, rather than after it had passed.
Here we are, a year later, and the Human Age
has emerged as the new ecosystem that the world
is adjusting to and now the focal point for how
government and business leaders explain what is
occurring throughout labor markets everywhere.
We know the Human Age concept is resonating,
and our bold statement that “Talentism is the new
Capitalism” has taken root far beyond the
boundaries of ManpowerGroup. We are shaping the
agenda of some of the most influential organizations
and minds in the world, evidenced by those who
are echoing our claim. Klaus Schwab, World
Economic Forum Founder and Executive Chairman,
was quoted in the news stating “The old model
was Capitalism, the new model is Talentism,” noting
that the new model will center on human talent.
Schwab’s statement came just ahead of the
2012 World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in
Davos, the theme for which was “The Great
Transformation
–
Shaping New Models”
–
or as
ManpowerGroup would call it... “The Human Age.”
Entering the Human Age means that individuals
and companies will be playing by different rules,
developing different ways to get work done,
and continuously evolving together to address
the countless challenges confronting them.
Therein lies our opportunity to deliver Innovative
Workforce Solutions.
2011 marked one of
the most important
chapters in our history...
As I look back on 2011, I am proud of what we
accomplished. It marked an important chapter in our
history. 2011 was clearly a pivotal and transformative
year for ManpowerGroup. We invented what
it means to be an innovative workforce solutions
company; we organized our family of brands to
demonstrate our unique position to help our clients
navigate the complexity of the Human Age and
win: because their success leads to our success.
We established our ability to deliver consistently
strong results even in slumping and difficult
economic conditions. We hit record revenue for
ManpowerGroup of $22
billion and record sales of
$23
billion. Our operating profit of $545 million
before reorganization costs was a hard-fought
increase of 61% which outpaced our competitors.
Earnings per share before a fourth quarter
$20
million reorganization charge was $3.24, an
88% increase. Our efficiency and productivity
improved nicely with our expense as a percent of
gross profit improving by 4 percentage points
to 85.3%. Our single most important advantage is
that we arguably have the hardest working, most
knowledgeable management team around; and
it continually pays off in industry insight, leadership
and financial results.
As compelling and rewarding as 2011 was, we all
know that is nothing more than yesterday’s news.
Today, 2012 and beyond, is here and there will be
nothing easy about it. The world is desperately trying
to adjust to a new ecosystem. The Human Age
continues to emerge as global upheavals converge
and conspire to stretch structures, systems and
norms to what seems to be the breaking point.
It is requiring an adjustment and redefinition of
almost every aspect of our lives. This complex and
chaotic era is one of dramatically increased and
unpredictable risk and is resulting in fundamental
structural changes on many fronts – clearly talent
and the labor market.
The world is adjusting to a new ecosystem
Financial, economic, demographic, geopolitical,
technological, ecological, and value systems
have been redefined, redesigned and reinvented.
The ecosystem that has been dominant in the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development (OECD) for the last 50 years is no
longer sustainable in today’s environment, as
an economic bifurcation is growing between the
“rich” OECD countries and emerging markets,
increasing the risk of nationalism and protectionism.
The world of work continues to undergo pivotal
transformations, all connected if not in their cause,
then certainly in their effect, as we adjust to a new
ecosystem: the Human Age.
The degree of instability in the global economy and
the financial markets, along with political-social
instability in many societies leads us to the conclusion
that the series of crises we are experiencing is
much more than a traditional recession. We are
living in a period of fundamental change from one
system of capitalism to another. The Human Age
is creating an entirely new ecosystem in which
each element of our environment, and the way they
interact, is changed.
While the world is not flat, “glocalization” is the
way of the world in the Human Age. Nearly every
situation is specific and localized, yet we are more
interconnected around the globe than ever before.
The growing economic bifurcation is in turn causing
social bifurcation to rise. Exclusion phenomena are
becoming more concerning, and could accelerate
social tensions to increased violence. The younger
and older generations feel increasingly “excluded”
or “lost,” and the magnitude of these exclusions has
become a serious social problem worldwide. The
talent mismatch – the paradox between the scarcity
of talents and high unemployment, and a world of
work trend that we identified nearly a decade ago –
is not only massively contributing to the world’s
various degrees of bifurcation, but will continue and
become more acute.
Clearly, all of this has implications for so many
things, but I would argue the most dramatic is talent
and the labor market. The Human Age is creating
new challenges for innovation, productivity and
talent. Those new challenges call for new solutions,
grounded in proven expertise and backed by a
trusted brand. That’s where we come in.
We have systematically positioned our
company well for
2012 and beyond...
Over the past 12 months alone, we made many
strategic moves to position ourselves for success
–
sustainable success based on the simple axiom of
if our clients win, we win. We know based on the
agility required to win in the Human Age, we have
to anticipate our clients’ needs. I clearly believe
we are building strong and connected brands that
offer our clients the service and solutions they
can bank on as they make it through this high wire
act chapter in the Human Age.
The world is moving faster than the pace at which
work models are changing, and will continue to
shift. This is why we deepened our commitment to
delivering the best global and local solutions
–
seamlessly. To further that, we created our new
Southern and Northern Europe regions, and aligned
our organization model to foster collaboration for
speed and solutions. We have strengthened our
functions to drive efficiency and productivity across
the company, as well as strengthened our practices
and centers of excellence to ensure we continue to
drive differentiation within our brands, and to drive
innovation in our workforce solutions when we
uniquely combine our assets to help our clients win.
Companies have gotten much better at making
trade-offs
–
and doing it with supersonic speed.
They’ve gotten much better at creating “timed”
projects
–
or projects/work that can be completed
in “short bursts” with realized returns, while driving
a long-term strategy. Information Technology (IT) is
one of the best examples of this. IT work is less
episodic in nature, as the life cycle of those projects
tends to be shorter. The skills required for such
work is required in a “just-in-time” fashion, so it
doesn’t make much sense for companies to hire full
time people for work of this nature. This is why we
invested in our global go-to-market strategy for our
professional resourcing and project-based solutions
brand Experis. Our selective acquisition of WDC in
India and full integration of COMSYS, Jefferson Wells
and Elan have enhanced and strengthened our
position. It’s what our clients want. Experis, which
stands for experts and experience, represents our
expertise and precision in attracting and matching
highly skilled professionals in the verticals of IT,
finance and engineering, all of which continue
to frustrate clients as the most in-demand positions
in their workforce, and perpetually top the charts
in our survey as the hardest jobs to fill.
The skills
mismatch is real...
Economic slowdown and uncertainty in many parts
of the world means fluctuating demand for products
and services. As a result, companies have increased
sophistication in their ability to predict workforce
needs and raised the bar when it comes to time and
quality of hires. The global economy is faced with an
ongoing skills mismatch, in which an over-supply of
available workers magnifies an under-supply of skills
currently required. It seems pretty hard to believe
with such high unemployment, but it is all too real.
Of course, demand or robust GDP growth trumps
all. So, if demand remains soft, companies will be
able to call the shots
–
requiring a high specificity
of skills because they can. Employers can’t afford
to mis-hire and are being rewarded for holding
off on hiring until they find the perfect fit as it
keeps their expenses down, saving their budgets.
In the meantime, they are able to meet the tepid
demand they are experiencing by doing more with
less and squeezing more productivity out of their
existing workforces.
We are seeing companies hire “just in time,” adjusting
talent just as they would any other resource. They
can dial down hiring as demand softens, and
they can turn it up just as quickly as demand picks
up again. CEOs seem to have a “hyperactive index
finger.” They can hit play, slow motion, pause or
fast forward instantaneously when it comes to the
hiring activity in their workforce. In the past it would
take 30 to 60 days for such a message to filter
down through an organization, now they can halt
hiring within 48
hours or less. This all fits together in
the same agility mosaic. Companies are relying on
ManpowerGroup more, moving people in and out
of their business as the work and demand for their
products and services shift. This will only continue,
resulting in a secular trend, as companies look
long-term to create sustainability and agility in their
business, foreseeing a more flexible workforce.
Today’s environment requires us to be global and
our talent to be mobile. In the past, businesses
needed to preserve their structures. Now and in the
future, it’s about ensuring you have the most agile
business structure and understand which work
models you need
–
when you need them
–
in
order to generate the productivity and innovation
necessary to navigate uncertainty and anticipate
trends. Companies have had to multi-footprint
themselves, physically and virtually, and so now
the question becomes “where is the best person
I need, when I need him/her?”
Our Move to Innovative Workforce Solutions was right on cue.
We made decisions, invested, executed and now
in many ways, we are a different company. That
doesn’t mean we are running from what we had
–
far from it. We are continuing to grow our core
business at a rapid pace. It does mean we added.
We have added real strength to our brands and have
connected them to provide powerful solutions. As
a result, companies are relying on ManpowerGroup
more to provide a spectrum of solutions, each
being the best but when combined, the solutions
become defined in how the company operates
and wins in their respective market, proving that
our move to solutions was the right one.
With $1 billion in revenue and growing, our
ManpowerGroup Solutions offerings are helping
companies to drastically reduce the time-to-value,
which is dramatically affecting profitability. Through
our Strategic Workforce Consulting offering, we
are helping clients develop a robust workforce
strategy that aligns priorities around talent needed
and accounts for external and internal demographic
forces in the Human Age, ensuring the execution
of their business strategy.
Whether it be temporary or permanent, contingent
or contract, talent is amassed through many flavors
of recruitment. Recognized as the global leader
in Recruitment Process Outsourcing (RPO) by
Everest Industry Analysts, we added over 125 new
engagements in 2011 bringing us to more than
250 RPO clients that we expertly recruit for to find
the people they need to execute their strategy.
The demand for RPO will only continue to grow as
companies come to realize how the function of
HR is evolving to play a more strategic role and or
no longer have the luxury of maintaining a deep
recruiting bench in-house.
And with the key question that companies ask being
“where can I find the best person?” it no longer
matters if the talent is around the corner, or around
Productivity, innovation, collaboration and creativity
in the Human Age will require organizations to
optimize talent that focuses on defining, assessing,
developing and measuring the effectiveness of
leaders at all levels to unleash human potential.
This is why we brought Right Management into
closer and stronger alignment with our family of
brands. We are helping organizations navigate
these complexities to unleash the potential of their
workforce, advising how to structure flexible work
models, transitioning the skills a company needs
–
where and when they need it, as well as creating
innovative people practices to effectively develop
leaders, help individuals manage their careers and
help organizations manage their talent.
From the executive management level to the
factory worker level and everything in between,
we are experiencing and anticipating growth,
and seeing opportunity in all parts of our business,
around the world. Our emerging markets, from
China to Brazil, are firing on all cylinders as we
are realizing return on our investments and strong
solutions uptake, particularly in Asia Pacific.
Last year’s acquisitions solidified our dominance
in China and we’re leveraging our calling card,
Manpower, to help companies recruit, assess and
match skills better for better results. Yes, we made
investments and have executed. Our foundation
has never been stronger
and we’re just on the
ground floor of growth.
We are a company with heart that makes unleashing potential humanly possible...
Our core contingent and permanent staffing
business, Manpower, is the most trusted brand in
the industry and we couldn’t be more proud of
it. At 64 years old, the business our company was
founded on continues to grow and gives us the
authority to reinvent our relevance in the most
natural, human and contemporary ways. 2012 is
already on its way to being another banner year for
our company. This year marks the 50th anniversary
of our Manpower Employment Outlook Survey,
and with over 65,000 employers surveyed each
quarter around the world, it serves as a global
hiring confidence index and the cornerstone of our
thought leadership. If he were still with us today,
this year also marks the 100th birthday of our co-
founder Elmer Winter, who passed away a little over
two years ago. The passion for connecting people
with the dignity of work and the sense of mission
that all work is honorable is what we were founded
on and is laced in the culture of our company,
continues to thrive and is celebrated as much, if not
more today, than it was over 60 years ago.
There is no better example of this than our
ManpowerGroup Japan and Asia Pacific team.
It was less than one year ago that the 11 March
earthquake, followed by tsunami and nuclear
meltdown all happened, completely seizing up the
country. Our colleagues in Japan did all the right
things: shifting swiftly, yet judiciously, into disaster
recovery mode and executing plans to find every
last associate, handle families with care, and
manage clients’ needs in the most effective way.
ManpowerGroup Japan’s efforts were so efficient,
impactful and most of all
–
human
–
that they not
only set the standard by which our industry would
respond to the disaster, but they also exceeded their
2011 financial performance goals. The leadership
that our ManpowerGroup Japan colleagues
demonstrated in not only what they did in terms of
performance, but how they did it exemplifies the
ManpowerGroup Experience. They have made us
all proud and our collective hat goes off to them. It
is with that great pride, admiration and appreciation
that we honored the ManpowerGroup Japan
leadership team with the 2011 ManpowerGroup
Power Award, which I presented to them in person
in early January.
It is this passion and purpose, and drive for results,
that unite the people of ManpowerGroup and make
it a great, if not
–
and I think my 31,000 colleagues
around the world would agree
–
the best, place to
work. As shareholders of this great company, I invite
you to share in the pride I feel for ManpowerGroup’s
ability to be recognized as one of the best
companies for leader development, as one the
World’s Most Ethical Companies, and one of
the World’s Most Admired by Fortune. This winning
combination doesn’t come from being rule-
based and reciting superficial spin for short-term
profitability. Rather, it comes from being principle-
based and empowering our people to be great
brand ambassadors committed to the company’s
long-term sustainability and profitability.
I want to take this time to thank our colleagues
around the world for what they do every day to break
ManpowerGroup out from the pack and make
innovative workforce solutions humanly possible.
I want to thank our board for their continued
dedication and support of our strategy, our
management and our leadership. Their commitment
is critical to our success.
And I want to thank you, our shareholders,
for weathering the volatility of our stock price,
which is at times subject to the unnecessary
hyperbolic influence of mass media. Trust that
we are committed to long term sustainable
earnings and value creation.
We are off and running. We are at the same
time appropriately cautious, as we are prepared
to navigate a potentially disruptive European
environment. As I write this letter, Europe feels as
though they are on a slow but steady path of repair,
but needless to say, anything can happen. This
means we must be on guard and on top of our
game in 2012. It will be about disciplined execution
–
operationally as well as strategically. We will build
on the platforms that we put in place in 2011 to
strategically drive differentiation, diversification,
and efficiency and productivity. We have the
expertise, global footprint, and relationships to
lead in a borderless, even sometimes hostile,
recruiting environment to keep employers focused
on finding and developing the talent they need,
and unleashing potential to help everyone we work
with achieve more than they imagined.
We make winning humanly possible.
Jeffrey A. Joerre
Chairman, CEO, And President Manpowergroup