Dear Manpower Investor:
2007 was a record year for us in terms of both revenue and income. This did not happen by accident.
For the past decade, we have worked tirelessly to balance our business so that it is now a stronger, more flexible and more resilient company than ever before. The balance that we promised you was centered
on diversifying our services, our network and our client mix.
This diversification, which is driven by anticipating the market and client needs, has improved our profit margins, reduced our sensitivity to economic cycles and increased our strategic value to clients. And in 2007, we delivered.
We finished the year with revenues of $20.5 billion, an increase of 17 percent over 2006 or 9 percent in constant currency. Net earnings from continuing operations improved to $485 million, a 59 percent increase and net earnings per share from continuing operations – diluted reached $5.73 per share in 2007, an increase of 65 percent. Both of these amounts include the benefit of a modification to the payroll tax calculation in France, which had a significant favorable impact on our results in 2007. Excluding this impact, however, our net earnings from continuing operations improved an impressive 30 percent, while net earnings per share from continuing operations – diluted increased 34 percent.
2 Shareholder’s Letter

Return on Invested Capital (ROIC)(a)
 2007
2006 2005 2004 2003
14.9%(b) 18.0%
 13.3% 11.4%
10.9% 9.8%
   (a) Return on Invested Capital is defined as operating profit after tax divided by the average monthly total of net debt and equity for the year. Net debt is defined as total debt less cash and cash equivalents. (b) Amounts exclude the impact of the payroll tax modification in France. (See Note 1 to the consolidated
financial statements for further information.)
A closely watched metric within our company is our operating profit margin, which expanded 30 basis points to 3.3 percent, excluding the favorable impact of the French payroll tax modification. Our free cash flow also improved dramatically to $341 million, a 22 percent increase. The efficient use of capital, coupled with the substantial increase in operating profit (excluding the impact of the payroll tax modification), yielded an increase in economic profit of 52 percent.
Over the past decade, we have added specialty services to provide clients with a broader array of solutions to their workforce management challenges, and this effort has paid off. We have made acquisitions for strategic value rather than simply to “buy” revenues. And we have invested for the future to grow these businesses, as well as the new services that we have launched organically, including permanent recruitment, professional staffing and recruitment process outsourcing. These investments have resulted in our specialty businesses growing five-fold over the last decade, and making a tremendous impact in 2007. At the same time, revenues from our core temporary recruitment business increased 17 percent worldwide in 2007 or 9 percent in constant currency, demonstrating the continued secular growth.
A great example of our specialty business is our organizational consulting services in leadership development, assessment and coaching, delivered under our Right Management brand, which grew
16 percent in 2007 or 10 percent in constant currency. We are confident these services will be substantial strategic and growth engines for us in the future, as both emerging and mature markets continue to be challenged and constrained by talent shortages, and have a growing need to develop the next generation of leaders. Right Management also launched a new, contemporary outplacement product called RightChoiceTM in2007,whichhasbeenextraordinarilyeffectivein increasing our market share, due to its appeal to both client companies and individuals.
Meanwhile, 2007 was a year for investment in the future for our Jefferson Wells brand, as we continued to expand our international network and establish operations in new markets. This had a negative impact on Jefferson Wells’ profit, but we are confident the payoff will be handsome for our clients and investors.
Over the past decade, we have added specialty services to
provide clients
with a broader array of solutions to their workforce management challenges, and this effort has paid off.
  Shareholder’s Letter 3

Net Earnings Per Share from Continuing Operations – Diluted
($)
$ 5.73
Net Earnings Per Share from Continuing Operations – Diluted increased 65%, 34% excluding the French payroll tax modification.
$1.70
$2.61
$2.81
$ 3.48
$5.73
 2007
 2006
 2005
 2004
 2003

Permanent Recruitment Gross Profit as a % of Total Gross Profit
11% 10% 9% 8% 7% 6% 5% 4%
Our newest services, which have been developed organically, made terrific progress in 2007 as the complexity and speed of the talent market accelerates and clients are looking for answers — answers that yield results. Our permanent recruitment services in particular, which increased revenue 34 percent in constant currency in 2007, are one of the answers to these complex issues. We added 900 permanent recruiters, bringing us to a total of 3,600 recruiters worldwide, which contributed to us placing over 127,000 people in permanent jobs in 2007. And we expect to add more recruiters in 2008 to meet the continuing demand for these services in virtually every market across our network.
Another service that is gaining momentum is Manpower Business Solutions (MBS), where we take on the management of customized, large-scale recruiting and workforce-intensive initiatives for our clients. Over several years, we have developed expertise in outcome-based pricing engagements that have high visibility and impact for our clients. Our ability to manage and staff vital business functions for our clients, whether they are located on-site at the client location or elsewhere, is second to none in delivering quality service and improving efficiency. The myriad of opportunities for MBS extends to everything from managing and staffing call centers in the Netherlands to setting up, managing and staffing a parts planning and delivery coordination center in Hungary. Our recruitment process outsourcing service, where the entire recruitment process is managed by us, is also extremely popular with our clients,
as we can perform the recruitment function more efficiently than they can internally. MBS is a natural extension of our client relationships.
Manpower Professional is an area that has not grown at the pace that satisfies us. However, we are encouraged by the great performances we saw in our professional staffing services in the EMEA and Asia regions. Our Elan brand, which provides IT staffing across Europe, surpassed $1 billion in business for the first time, increasing revenue by 35 percent in 2007, or 24 percent in constant currency. We know there is potential
to do much more with our professional staffing services, as our clients are increasingly asking for these services in more markets and with more capability, so that we can provide the talent they need in their organizations. We’re looking forward to a strong 2008 for this business.
         2003 2007
 Our Elan brand, which provides IT staffing
across Europe, surpassed $1 billion in business for the first
time, increasing revenue by
35% in 2007,
or 24% in constant currency.
 Shareholder’s Letter 5

Systemwide Offices
 2007
2006 2005 2004 2003
Offices across 80 countries and territories allow us to meet the needs of clients in all industry segments.
4,498
 4,365 4,429
4,338 4,041
    Our core temporary staffing business, which is extremely healthy from
a secular perspective, is an area that we continue to develop, as there
is still ample opportunity for growth. It is a luxury to be a 60-year-old business and continue to see growth opportunities in the original service area, which remains a major growth driver. One reason for this growth
is that many of our markets are still in the early stages of labor market development, marked by recent shifts in labor policy or legislation that have introduced flexibility for the first time in the past five years or less. For example, we have been providing services in Germany for many years, but we are in a major growth mode there now due to changes
in the German government’s labor market strategies. In these markets, the advent of flexible staffing has created a form of renaissance in the workforce, making it more agile, talented and relevant.
In emerging markets, there is tremendous potential, as employers are impatient and are confronted with talent challenges that are equally as complex as in mature markets. These markets are in the early stages of adopting temporary staffing to create workforce flexibility, including countries like India, China, the Middle East, Vietnam and much of Eastern Europe, where we have secured market leadership positions and have established our brand presence based on the quality of our service and integrity of our people. Our revenues in these emerging markets increased to $222.6 million in 2007, an increase of 61 percent (44 percent in constant currency), which was driven by India (+119%), China (+49%) and Eastern Europe (+52%).
Over the past year, we have broadened our geographic presence, expanding into seven new countries and territories for a total of 80, and expanding our office network by another 100 offices, to a total of 4,500. In a year when some of our largest operating units were down or flat in revenue, our geographic diversification fueled our record performance.
In the past few years, we have organized many of our operations to better focus on the small/medium size businesses (SMB). The value we can offer to SMBs is substantial and it also creates balance in our portfolio. We finished 2007 with more than 50 percent of our revenues in the SMB category – clearly progressing in the direction we have been working toward. As an example, Manpower France increased their SMB revenues by 17 percent in 2007, while the overall business there grew at
It is a luxury to be a 60- year-old business and continue to see growth opportunities in the original service area, which remains a major
growth driver.
 6 Shareholder’s Letter

Emerging Market Revenue
in millions ($)
222.6
Emerging market revenue growth in 2007 exceeded expectations in our three key expansion markets: India (+119%), China (+49%) and Eastern Europe (+52%).
15.0
33.9
70.1
138.1
222.6
 2007
 2006
 2005
 2004
 2003

80
Over the past year, we have broadened our geographic presence, expanding into seven new countries and territories for a total
of 80, and expanding our office network by another 100 offices, to a total of 4,500.
 seven percent. Smaller companies are coming to us in larger numbers than ever before to help them with talent management issues, and we have a strategy in place to rapidly enhance our ability to provide more focused service for these clients. We know they will continue to need us more in the years to come as talent shortages make it more difficult for them to attract and retain the right people, and we are prepared to be the best choice available to them in the marketplace.
In 2007, we continued to focus on investing resources in the right places and removing unnecessary costs from the business. These efforts have fueled our network expansion and service development that will drive future growth. We are also investing in technology to continue streamlining and powering our business, as well as in our brand and our people.
We built a new world headquarters in 2007, which combined employees from four different locations into one, and the efficiencies we gained by bringing everyone together enabled us to develop the building without increasing our costs. As an added benefit, it is a “green” building, which is currently under review for a LEED rating, the U.S. benchmark for the design, construction and operation of high performance green buildings that are created to the highest standards of human and environmental health.
Our headquarters is only one example of our commitment to social responsibility and sustainability, which we consider to be one of our most important investments. In 2007, we released our first social responsibility report and it energized our team to do even more. From our inception in 1948, we have been the industry standard in helping the underprivileged to find their way to sustainable jobs through our workforce development programs. In the past few years, we have extended this work to help victims of disasters and refugees to get jobs and training to help them get a new start in the world after tremendous trauma. We’re also working to end today’s form of slavery, known as human trafficking or forced labor. These are important efforts to help individuals, families and communities to build a better future. Our CSR programs are also important elements of building the Manpower brand worldwide and establishing the kind of character and substance that can be expected of us when we put down roots in a community.
Our CSR programs are also important elements of building the Manpower brand worldwide and establishing the kind of character and substance that can be expected of us when we put down roots in
a community.
 8 Shareholder’s Letter

People Placed in Permanent, Temporary and Contract Positions
 2007
2006 2005 2004
*Temporary and contract only
5 Million
 4.4 Million 4 Million
  2 Million*
 In so many ways, the Manpower of 2008 is a much more robust company than ever before. We have put a tremendous amount of diligence, forethought and energy into creating systemic changes that are
now driving our progress, and it’s very satisfying to see those efforts paying dividends.
The Manpower team around the world is better than ever, and we have focused our core competencies of talent attraction, retention and training internally to ensure that we have the best talent in the industry because we know that building and growing our business at the pace we aspire to reach will require a great team. For example, we have implemented
a rigorous Leadership Success Model for our Global Leadership Team, and are driving that success model throughout the organization. The results are already evident. We have also been able to attract top talent from the outside to bring in fresh skills and ideas that complement our existing team. Our brand is attractive to those who are interested in being involved with the hottest global topic – talent.
This focus on talent has also been extended beyond the five million people we placed into permanent and temporary positions in 2007, to also engage individuals who may not be currently seeking a position with us. Our aim is to attract and develop relationships with individuals who are seeking help in navigating their career now, and may become candidates or clients for us in the future, or refer others to us as a reliable source of career expertise. In 2008, we will be expanding our Web presence to ensure we are well-positioned to meet the talent requirements of our clients throughout the world.
Our 2008 plan also calls for us to continue exercising our leadership in emerging markets to help clients, candidates and governments
to navigate the best course for their rapidly changing workforces. Manpower plays a vital role in partnering with governments worldwide to position their labor markets to have the right skills to enhance their economic growth engines, and we anticipate this consulting role will continue to grow in importance in the coming years.
In so many ways, the Manpower
of 2008 is a much more robust company than ever before. We have put
a tremendous amount of diligence, forethought and energy into creating systemic changes that
are now driving our progress, and it’s very satisfying to
see those efforts paying dividends.
 Shareholder’s Letter 9

 We are committed to running a marathon at sprint speed. This means we will continue to focus on accelerating our initiatives and building upon the momentum we have created over the past decade.
Our accomplishments must come at sprint speed, but with the longer term view of the marathon never escaping our minds.
The 33,000 people who comprise the Manpower team in every corner of the world work passionately and vigorously to help our clients win. They do it with a sense of integrity and a sense of mission, which brings uniqueness to the Manpower group of companies and superior returns to our shareholders. Thanks team.
33,000
The 33,000 people who comprise the Manpower team in every corner of the world work passionately and vigorously to help our clients win.
We are committed
to running
a marathon at sprint speed.
 10 Shareholder’s Letter

                Like every year, 2008 brings many unknown variables, and there are currently clouds overhead that are cause for concern about the state
of the U.S. economy, in particular, and the world economy in general. Some experts are forecasting recession, while others are predicting
that the situation will improve. We cannot predict precisely what the economy will bring, but we are better positioned to weather economic turbulence than ever before. If a downturn comes, we’ll be ready. We’ve been through this before, and our view is that it is the perfect opportunity to invest in key areas of the business and expand our market share, while improving the value of our services. If the clouds clear and sunny days lie ahead, we’re off to the races. The strength of our service portfolio, geographic network and client mix provide us with the strong, sturdy platform to forge ahead unwavering, regardless of which way
the wind blows. Regards,
Jeffrey A. Joerres
Chairman, CEO & President February 15, 2008
  