   TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 William J. Shaw
President and
Chief Operating Officer
J.W. Marriott, Jr.
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Our balance sheet is in good shape, which is especially impor- tant given the state of the capital markets. At year-end, we are appropriately leveraged with long-term debt totaling $3 billion. We have minimal debt maturing through 2011 and substantial additional liquidity available under our credit facility. Coupled with modest investment spending this year, we expect our debt levels will decline in 2009 despite the business climate.
We acted quickly in 2008 to control costs throughout the organ- ization. We reduced centralized cost allocations and staff expenses, often by adjusting employee hours and delaying filling open posi- tions. We closed less productive timeshare sales offices and deferred new business initiatives. Throughout this effort, we paid careful attention to hotel owner returns while maintaining strong guest satisfaction and preserving jobs where possible.
Since 1980, Marriott’s core business model has been to manage and franchise hotels, rather than own them. With long-term agree- ments, this strategy has allowed tremendous growth while mini- mizing leverage and risk in a cyclical industry. It has facilitated a growing market share, rising brand equity, substantial revenue per available room (RevPAR) premiums and decades of strong returns to owners and franchisees. By minimizing our capital investments and recycling those investments we do make, we maximize our financial flexibility and cash flow. This strategy allows us to operate a steady ship when times are tough and thrive when the business climate improves.
In 2008, our revenues from base management and franchise fees rose 3 percent despite a 1.5 percent decline (in constant dollars) in systemwide worldwide RevPAR. We also benefited from new fee revenue generated by the addition of more than 33,000 rooms and residential units.
At year-end 2008, we operated or franchised 3,178 lodging properties across 18 brands in 66 countries and territories. Looking forward, we’re building tomorrow’s foundation with a deep pipeline of new managed and franchised hotels worldwide. More than
800 hotels, totaling over 125,000 rooms, are under construction, awaiting conversion or approved for development. Sixty percent
of these are already under construction or conversion, and another 10 percent are financed. About a third of these new rooms are full- service, and more than a quarter are outside North America. We expect to open more than 30,000 rooms in 2009 alone.
We anticipate that the credit crunch and a weak demand envi- ronment will reduce new hotel construction this year and new hotel
It’s official—the credit crisis and eroded consumer confidence are both contributing to a global recession and a tough economic environment. Just about every business has been impacted, and Marriott International is no exception.
But while 2008 was a difficult year, it also demonstrated Marriott’s strength. We responded quickly to the downturn, remaining focused on profitability as well as “People, Places and Purpose,” which are highlighted in this annual report.
Despite the tough business environment, particularly late in the year, revenue totaled $12.9 billion; income from continuing opera- tions totaled $359 million; and diluted earnings per share from con- tinuing operations were $0.98. Our earnings reflected restructuring costs and other charges totaling $124 million after-tax or $0.34 per diluted share. These charges were largely due to the downturn in the economy and difficult credit environment.
6 MarriottInternational,Inc.2008

    2008 MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. AWARDS 100 Best Global Brands
(BusinessWeek)
Marriott Rewards Named Best Frequent Guest Program — Americas
(Freddie Awards)
100 Best Companies to Work for and one of America’s Most Admired Companies (FORTUNE®)
Best Places to Launch a Career (BusinessWeek)
Working Mother 100 Best Companies Hall of Fame
(Working Mother)
2008 Best Places to Work in IT (Computerworld)
Top Companies for Executive Women (National Association for Female Executives)
Top 50 Companies for Diversity (DiversityInc)
40 Best Companies for Diversity (Black Enterprise)
50 Best Companies for Supplier Diversity (Hispanic Enterprise)
100% Score on Corporate Equality Index Report (Human Rights Campaign)
Best Corporate Reputation in Services Industry (Global Pulse 2008)
Company Member (FTSE4Good Index)
A World’s Most Ethical Company (Ethisphere)
2008 ENERGY STAR® Sustained Excellence Award (The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency)
Green/Eco Hotel — Global Vision Award (Travel + Leisure)
Tops in Travel & Leisure (Ceres Investor Coalition)
  openings beyond 2009. However, similar to previous downturns, we also believe we will see more hotels converting to our brands as owners seek to improve their returns.
The year 2009 marks the 25th anniversary of our timeshare business. Starting with one resort in 1984, we operated 67 resorts including 42 in active sales at year-end 2008. Timeshare owner satisfaction remained strong in 2008 and 53 percent of sales came from owners purchasing additional weeks or referrals of friends and family. Occupancy rates at our timeshare resorts remained above 90 percent as our owners continued to enjoy their vacations.
However, with weak consumer confidence and a more difficult financing environment, contract sales declined 23 percent in 2008 and we completed fewer than expected note sales. Our fractional and residential products were particularly impacted by the weak demand environment. In response, we dramatically slowed new development, increased marketing and purchase incentives, and substantially reduced costs. While the timeshare business faces
a challenging environment, we expect it to be both profitable and a net cash generator in 2009.
Revenue Generation
Responding to the challenging lodging demand environment in 2008, we deployed a range of promotions to maintain loyalty among existing customers while also attracting new ones. Our new Sales Force One strategy enabled us to cast a wider net for valuable business customers in 2008. In the leisure transient segment, quick-to-market promotions such as “RejuveNation” offered dis- counts for weekend stays. And with “No Blackout Dates,” more than 30 million members of Marriott Rewards®, our award-winning guest loyalty program, can redeem points every day of the year.
Technology remains one of our strongest competitive advantages. Marriott.com, the seventh largest consumer retail Web site in the world, accounts for 20 percent of Marriott’s gross property-level sales. The site generated $6.2 billion in gross property-level revenues in 2008, up nearly 19 percent from a year ago. Property-level sales from our international Web sites increased 66 percent, and guests booked over $2 million via our new Marriott Mobile booking engine in the last part of 2008.
As more of our customers use social media, we’ve connected with more than 400,000 of them on YouTube, Twitter, Facebook, Marriott Rewards Insiders, and through our blog “Marriott on the Move.” And we’re especially pleased that blog visitors have gone on to book $2.7 million in gross property-level sales on Marriott.com.
MarriottInternational,Inc.2008 7

   Reinvention and Innovation
While we are focused on operating as efficiently as possible, we remain committed to investing in our brands for the long term. By reinventing them to be relevant and fresh, we drive customer and owner preference and higher RevPAR.
In cities worldwide, many of your favorite Marriott hotels have been transformed. The owners of the Atlanta Marriott Marquis completed a $138 million renovation this year. The hotel’s stunning lobby—m.i.greatroomTM, a prototype for the Marriott Hotels & Resorts brand—has become a popular meeting spot for Atlantans and visitors alike.
Renaissance Hotels & Resorts is nearing completion of a three- year $2 billion makeover by owners and franchisees, including two milestones in 2008: a $24 million renovation of the Renaissance New York Hotel Times Square and a $128 million restoration of The Blackstone, A Renaissance Hotel, in Chicago.
Building on its reputation for offering unrivaled experiences, Ritz-Carlton opened hotels in Sanya and Guangzhou in China in 2008.
Our Courtyard brand, which celebrated its 25th anniversary
in 2008, just opened its 800th hotel in Shanghai, China. In North America, Courtyard is undergoing a $500 million makeover by owners and franchisees over the next three years. By the end of 2009, nearly 150 hotels will feature a new, exciting lobby experience where guests can socialize, relax, work or entertain. These redefined Courtyards are making a significant impact with customers, whose overall perceptions of the brand have improved by 15 percent.
While we continue to refresh our existing portfolio, we’re also exploring new brand development opportunities. By the end of 2011, we expect to open four Edition hotels, a new lifestyle boutique brand developed in partnership with visionary Ian Schrager.
Social Responsibility
We’ve always believed that in addition to operating our company profitably, we must do it responsibly. We are focused on five signature issues that leverage our expertise and resources to
sustain communities where we do business: shelter and food, the environment, readiness for hotel careers, vitality of children and embracing diversity and inclusion.
In April, we announced our strategy to reduce our environmental footprint and combat climate change, which we developed in part- nership with Conservation International. The plan calls for reducing waste, water and energy; greening our supply chain; building greener hotels; engaging employees and guests to take action; and helping to protect the rainforest. Several groups have recognized us for taking these steps, including Ceres, an alliance of investors and environmentalists, and Climate Counts.
We are broadening how we think about global diversity
and inclusion, reaching across cultural borders to compete for customers and talent worldwide. In this competitive marketplace, we must continue to embrace the unique talents and experiences of our employees—who speak more than 50 languages in
66 countries and territories—to help us meet the changing
needs of our customers.
Optimism for the Future
Although the near-term business outlook remains uncertain, we are confident in the future of our industry, and our company. With more than 80 years in business, 50 of those focused on the hotel industry, we have been through many difficult economic cycles. Each time, we have emerged a stronger and better company. With the best people, great places worldwide and a strong sense of purpose, we are excited to continue building economic prosperity in the communities we call home.
  8 MarriottInternational,Inc.2008
J.W. Marriott, Jr.
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
William J. Shaw
President and
Chief Operating Officer
