To Our Shareholders
[r] J.W. Marriott, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
[l] William J. Shaw
President and Chief Operating Officer
 Over the past 75 years, Marriott has prospered through many economic cycles and political climates. In 2001, the technology sector meltdown and belt-tightening by major industries left the U.S. economy in its worst slump in a decade. Following September 11, the threat of terrorism and a softening global economy provided the most chal- lenging travel environment any of us had ever faced.
While the entire travel industry was hammered by these unprecedented events, we watched with pride as Marriott associates repeatedly rose above the chal- lenges. The world may have changed forever during 2001, but today we face the future with a renewed sense of pur- pose and conviction.
Marriott’s performance in 2001 demonstrated that we are well prepared for economic difficulty.
Net income totaled $236 million, and diluted earnings per share were $.92. Our earnings reflected restructuring and other charges totaling $271 million pretax. These charges were largely due to the downturn in the economy after the terrorist attacks on September 11 and included severance, hotel development cancellations, charges for loans and guarantees primarily related to 15 hotels, the closure of administrative facilities, the decision to exit a companion- style, moderate-priced assisted living brand, as well as other charges for both our lodging and non-lodging businesses.
Our balance sheet remained strong. We completed $663 million in asset sales, including $46 million in the fourth quar- ter. Earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) coverage of interest was 4.1 times in 2001.
Marriott opened nearly 50,000 lodging rooms in 2001, and at year-end, we oper- ated or franchised 2,398 lodging properties across 18 brands in 65 countries.
 Our highly diverse, strategically located portfolio of brands presented clear advan- tages this year. While international travel declined, intra-country demand remained strong in most nations. Drive-to markets were stronger than fly-to destinations. Select-service and extended-stay hotels performed better than large convention properties. Our 71 percent U.S.-operated hotel occupancy remained significantly above the industry average of 60 percent, and we maintained our market share premium (measured in revenue per available room, or “REVPAR”) over
our competitive set.
Marriott Lodging operating profit
totaled $756 million in 2001 (excluding restructuring and other charges), a decline of 19 percent from the prior year. While disappointing, our performance compared favorably to the lodging industry’s esti- mated 27 percent profit decline in 2001.
Over 50 percent of our lodging operating income (excluding the impact of restructuring and other charges) came from relatively stable base management and franchise fees. Base management and franchise fees remained flat with 2000 levels, reflecting the 10 percent decline
in REVPAR during the year, offset by the 12 percent increase in the number of rooms under Marriott flags. Despite the decline in REVPAR, we still earned over $200 million in incentive management fee revenue due to strong cost control.
Marriott Vacation Club International contributed 20 percent of Marriott Lodging operating profit in 2001, and operating profit increased 8 percent over the prior year (excluding restructuring and other charges). While the business successfully rolled out seven new prop- erties and a new brand, profits were constrained by higher marketing costs in a softer demand environment. One- third of sales in 2001 came from repeat
  Marriott opened nearly 50,000 lodging rooms in 2001, and at year-end we operated or franchised 2,398 lodging properties.
Marriott International, Inc. 2001 Annual Report     6

  [l]
Our associates take pride in offering the world-class service customers expect from Marriott International.
[r]
A sunlit view of the rotunda in the Bucharest Marriott Grand Hotel, Marriott's first property in Romania.
 customers or customer referrals, reflecting high customer satisfaction.
Marriott Distribution Services reported a $1 million loss during the year (excluding restructuring and other charges). The business suffered from the soft economy, transportation inefficien- cies related to new customers, and the loss of a major contract in 2001. We are undertaking a strategic review of this business in 2002.
Marriott Senior Living Services showed significant operating improve- ment in 2001, with results increasing as the business focused on operating excel- lence. The business also benefited from strengthening demand at maturing facili- ties and slower industry supply growth. Profits increased to $17 million in 2001, excluding a $60 million charge stemming from our decision to actively pursue the sale of our Village Oaks retirement com- munities and $2 million in other charges.
Marriott’s strong overall results are
a testimony to our broad distribution, solid business model, powerful brand culture and experienced hotel managers, as well as our decisive response to the year’s unique challenges.
As the economy slowed early in the year, we aggressively cut costs and improved efficiencies wherever possible. At the same time, we developed contin- gency plans to be implemented if condi- tions warranted.
Following September 11, as travel industry conditions worsened, we acted
 quickly. Across the company, we reduced staff, adjusted associate hours and delayed filling vacant positions. We modified restaurant menus and hours and deferred new business initiatives.
We won accolades from our hotel owners and franchisees for our strong, immediate response to the changing environment. Through a variety of cost- containment measures at the property level, our hotels were able to operate profitably at lower occupancy rates. By taking equally aggressive measures at the corporate level, we were able to provide essential services to properties at a reduced cost.
Our efforts would have been meaning- less, however, unless we also maintained customer satisfaction. We increased our usual keen focus on traveler needs and essential services, and worked hard to minimize any impact on our customers. We also took aggressive steps to build on our existing strengths, increase our visi- bility and leverage the power and prefer- ence of Marriott brands.
We offered a variety of promotions to get Americans traveling again and accel- erated the launch of our nationwide advertising campaign, “Come Out and Play,” which generated $100 million in revenue and 1.25 million room nights
in 2001.
Marriott Rewards, our frequent stay program, was an important tool in driv- ing new demand in this environment. With a worldwide membership of nearly
  7     Marriott International, Inc. 2001 Annual Report
We won accolades from our hotel owners and franchisees for our strong, immediate response to the changing environment.

[l]
Situated on California’s Gold Coast near great shopping, entertainment and leisure options, Marriott Vacation Club’s Newport Coast Villas
is the perfect choice for a relaxing getaway.
[r]
Our “spirit to serve” philosophy invites our guests to relax and leave the details to us.
   16 million, Marriott Rewards is the largest and most preferred loyalty program in the lodging industry today. In 2001, Marriott Rewards was named “Best Hotel Rewards Program in the World” by Business Traveler magazine for the fifth consecutive year.
We aggressively marketed to Marriott Rewards members throughout the year. We were encouraged to find that our most frequent travelers not only remained loyal to Marriott, they main- tained an energetic travel schedule, generating an increasing percentage of our revenue.
Leisure travel also represented a growing proportion of our business dur- ing the year. Marriott encouraged leisure travel by developing weekend promo- tions and forming new partnerships with organizations like the American Automobile Association.
We also introduced several new prod- ucts, including a business-to-business Travel Card and a new “stored value” Gift Card that replaces our previous paper certificates.
State-of-the-art systems, programs and technology continued to fuel Marriott’s success.
Our reservations system remained
the best in the industry. For the fourth straight year, Marriott held the industry “Triple Crown”: the lowest cost per reservation, the highest contribution to occupancy, and the highest revenue gener- ated per call. Reservations made through Marriott.com grew by 72 percent to
 yield $715 million in revenue. Our
focus on rational pricing continues to improve our reaction time to changes
in market demand, allowing us to maxi- mize revenue even in a challenging busi- ness environment.
Our associates are the best in the world. This year they have made us especially proud. We’ve received mes- sages from around the world – from customers, business partners and neigh- bors in our communities – praising
their efforts in the face of extraordinary events, as well as the exceptional service and comfort they provide every day. We earn our associates’ loyalty with a culture of fair treatment even in difficult times.
We remain committed to diversity throughout our business. Marriott was selected by Working Mother magazine
as one of the “100 Best Companies for Working Mothers” for the eleventh con- secutive year, and by Fortune magazine as one of the “Top 50 Companies for Minorities” for the fourth consecutive year. We were also recognized by
Fortune magazine for the fifth consecu- tive year as one of the “100 Best Com- panies to Work For” in America, ranking third among companies with 100,000
or more employees. In addition, we received the “Catalyst Award” from a prestigious non-profit research organiza- tion for our innovative approach and success in fostering women’s leadership.
Minorities and women now represent nearly 25 percent of corporate officers
  Conversions accounted for nearly 40 percent of our new room openings in 2001.
Marriott International, Inc. 2001 Annual Report     8

that Marriott brands accounted for nearly 20 percent of all new hotel rooms under construction and in per- mitting in the U.S.
International expansion remains a key to Marriott’s growth. Three- quarters of the worldwide lodging industry is outside the U.S. While our international presence has increased eleven-fold over the past decade, we still have less than a 1 percent market share outside the U.S. This presents a tremen- dous opportunity. Nearly one-quarter of the rooms in our development pipeline are in non-U.S. markets.
Overall, our vision remains unchanged: to be the world’s leading provider of hospitality services.
Our company is solid. Our business model works. Our brands are strong and highly preferred by customers and owners. And, of course, Marriott’s enduring culture and great people con- tinue to be our two most valued assets.
Hospitality remains a major long-term growth industry. One-tenth of the global workforce is associated with the travel and tourism industry. As communications and technology bring the world closer togeth- er, it has emerged as a critical contributor to global economic prosperity.
We continue to work hard – in partnership with our owners, franchisees, associates, customers and shareholders – to build a great tomorrow at Marriott.
We appreciate your support. As we celebrate our 75th anniversary year, we look forward to a bright and promising future together.
J.W. Marriott, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
William J. Shaw
President and Chief Operating Officer
March 1, 2002
and 62 percent of managers in our company. Diverse vendors account for
5 percent of our domestic spending, or $151 million in 2001. The number of properties owned and operated by women and minority franchisees has increased more than 21 percent over the past two years.
This may have been our most challenging year ever, but we accom- plished a great deal. We are cautious about 2002 but remain very optimistic about the longer term. While we antici- pate that early 2002 will continue to reflect challenging business conditions, we hope to see improvement in demand by the second half of the year.
The good news is that new supply growth in the lodging industry should slow dramatically in 2002 and 2003. PricewaterhouseCoopers expects U.S. room supply to grow less than 1 percent in 2003, the lowest level in a decade. Lower supply growth will position the industry for a rebound in pricing power. Combined with the efficiency improve- ments made in 2001, it will also position Marriott well for increased profit growth in 2003 and 2004.
Our strong relative performance has encouraged hotel owners, franchisees and lenders to favor our brands as they consider branding alternatives. They know the strength of the Marriott brand will improve their business, even when people are traveling less. Conversions accounted for nearly 40 percent of our new room openings in 2001.
Our hotel development pipeline features over 300 hotels with more than 55,000 rooms, including over 36,000 rooms under construction. Owners or franchisees are developing over 95 per- cent of the pipeline. Including conver- sions, we expect 25,000 to 30,000 rooms will open in each of 2002 and in 2003.
There is still plenty of room for expansion. Our U.S. market share
of rooms increased from 4.7 percent to 7.9 percent in the last 10 years. At year- end, Lodging Econometrics reported
 Our company is solid.
Our business model works. Our brands are strong
and highly preferred by customers and owners.
    Celebrating Marriott’s 75 Years of the “Spirit to Serve”
  9     Marriott International, Inc. 2001 Annual Report
