To Our Shareholders
of schedule. Adjusting our historical share prices to reflect the 2006 two-for-one stock split, our share price also reached a record high in 2006.
LEADING THE WAY
This success is due to multiple factors. Our business model, broad brand portfolio, and innovative programs and initiatives give us a competitive advantage not easily matched.
By managing and franchising rather than owning hotels, we can grow much faster, leveraging our management and brand-building capability. Faster unit growth, in turn, drives greater market share and brand equity, which encourages owners and franchisees to develop yet more hotels flying our flags.
With 18 brands, Marriott has the broadest lodging and timeshare portfolio in the world. Our lodging brands operate with significant RevPAR premiums over competitors. Despite our industry leader- ship, we continue to innovate to make our products even better.
Guests have enthusiastically embraced changes we’re making in our guest rooms — featuring luxurious bedding, the latest tech- nology, including our new “plug and play” connectivity panel, and, now, a completely smoke-free environment in the United States and Canada. This year, we’ll introduce the “great room” — a rev- olutionary transformation of public space in select Marriott and Renaissance hotels, designed for today’s travelers, who smoothly transition between work and play. Besides enhancing the guest experience, we expect the “great room” to generate new incre- mental property-level revenue from food and beverage sales.
At Renaissance Hotels & Resorts, our owners and franchisees are revitalizing the brand with nearly $2 billion of investment expected in new construction, property conversions and renovation projects worldwide over three years. The Renaissance Schaumburg Hotel & Convention Center, a signature property outside of Chicago, opened in 2006 and features the latest technological, architectural and “savvy service” innovations coming soon to other properties. The Renaissance New York Hotel Times Square is being dramatically renovated and will be the prototype for a cool, new urban look, and Eden Roc, a renowned Renaissance Resort and Spa in Miami Beach, will become one of the finest hotels in Florida.
Our preeminent luxury brand, the Ritz-Carlton, is capitalizing on the demand for luxury goods. In Los Angeles, both a Ritz-Carlton and a JW Marriott hotel will be part of “LA Live,” a unique complex that will combine sports, retail, residential and convention center space opening in 2010. In Asia we have new Ritz-Carlton hotels planned for Tokyo, Shanghai and Beijing.
Our Ritz-Carlton Club fractional and residential properties are increasingly popular with new projects in sales in the Bahamas, South Beach Miami, Hawaii and San Francisco. Some of our vaca- tion ownership projects are structured as joint ventures enabling Marriott to apply its branding and hospitality expertise with relatively modest capital investment. We expect roughly one-third of our time- share, fractional and residential contract sales to come from joint ventures by 2009, increasing profits while also increasing our ROIC.
We continue to renovate and reinvent our limited-service brands. More than 500 Courtyard and Residence Inn hotels feature our newest generation of style and design, including new properties that have opened in the last few years as well as the nearly 250 Courtyard and Residence Inn properties that have completed renovations. An addi- tional 150 Residence Inn hotels are scheduled for renovation in 2007. These renovated and reinvented hotels yield much higher guest satisfaction measurements and profits.
  J.W. MARRIOTT, JR.
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
WILLIAM J. SHAW
President and
Chief Operating Officer
MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL ENJOYED AN EXCEPTIONAL
year in 2006, and we are celebrating 80 years in business and 50 years of hotel industry leadership in 2007. As we look to the future, our continued growth will be defined by our premium brands and a commitment to innovation and service.
The lodging demand environment has rarely been stronger. Modest hotel industry construction in urban locations in the United States in recent years ushered in improved pricing power in 2006. North American company-operated comparable Revenue Per Available Room (RevPAR) increased nearly 9 percent in 2006, largely driven by pricing. Including the impact of foreign exchange, international company-operated comparable RevPAR was stellar for the year, growing over 12 percent as the strong global economy drove international travel.
In 2006, our owners and franchisees added more than 23,000 rooms to our system, demonstrating confidence in our brands. Over the next several years, we expect owners and franchisees will invest nearly $20 billion to expand the Marriott International system, attracted by guest preference for our products and strong room rates, occupancies and property-level profits.
We also delivered impressive financial results in 2006. With both unit expansion and RevPAR growth, management and fran- chise fee revenue increased 19 percent to a record $1.2 billion. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations reached $1.66. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $970 mil- lion and share repurchases and dividends returned nearly $1.7 bil- lion to shareholders. Pre-tax return on invested capital (ROIC) reached 22 percent, exceeding our 20 percent goal well ahead
MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2006 | 9

The repositioned SpringHill Suites shows great promise as the preferred brand for active, style-conscious GenXers who enjoy travel and are looking for an upper-moderate tier hotel. Completely redesigned, the new concept will soon be introduced to many of the brand’s more than 150 existing hotels.
TownePlace Suites, our moderate-priced extended-stay brand, has also been repositioned to better reflect its local surroundings, and the brand expects more than 90 renovations in the next 18 months. We also have great news to report on Fairfield Inn — our “prune and plant” strategy is working: nearly 40 hotels have left the system in the past two years, and a record 100 newly designed hotels are in the pipeline.
Across all of our brands, we remain focused on finding innovative ways for technology to enhance the guest experience. Business travelers rave about “eFolio,” which provides emailed copies of hotel bills. At the Redmond Marriott Town Center in Washington, tech-savvy guests are checking in using handheld PDAs. In some Marriott and Renaissance hotel lobbies in North America, guests can print their airline boarding passes from dedicated computer stations — a service that is really “taking off.”
Selling to customers the way they want to buy is as important as catering to them upon arrival, and we enjoy a tremendous strength in our distribution channels. In fact, Marriott.com is one of the top retail web sites in the world, generating property-level Internet sales of $4.3 billion in 2006, 35 percent higher than 2005. Marriott.com accounted for 87 percent of the company’s Internet sales in 2006. Our sales teams are recognized as the industry’s best, having just been named Selling Power magazine’s top global sales team of 2006, and innovations at our Event Booking Centers have enhanced our outreach to smaller groups.
Another important competitive advantage is Marriott Rewards,® our award-winning guest loyalty program. With 26 million members and 2,700 participating properties in 65 countries and territories, Marriott Rewards is a powerful engine driving customer satisfaction, repeat business and the growth of our brands.
LOOKING FORWARD
In October in Paris, we held our first conference outside the United States for the investment community, where we presented the com- pany’s business outlook through 2009. We described our bullishness about the capacity of our business model to deliver strong fee income and generate significant net cash from operating activities in varying RevPAR environments. We reviewed how diluted earnings per share, excluding our synthetic fuel business, could rise by 15 to 25 percent compounded over the next three years. And at the same time, our ROIC could reach the mid-to-high 20s in percentage terms by 2009. The robust cash flow from our business, combined with owner and franchisee preference for our brands, provides us with the flexibility and strength to opportunistically grow and improve our system, while returns to shareholders continue to increase.
Over the next three years, we plan to add 85,000 to 100,000 hotel rooms worldwide, with nearly a third of those opening outside North America. With a less than 1 percent market share outside the United States, Marriott’s experienced global development engine, proven business model of managing and franchising, and preferred brands should drive powerful growth. Economic growth in China and India has fueled huge middle classes that will travel as never before. By year-end 2009, we expect to have a portfolio totaling nearly 600,000 rooms, including 120,000 outside North America.
In the shorter term, our all-important group business bookings have been off to a good start in the first few months of 2007, and
10 | MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2006
our Marriott brand bookings for 2007, as compared to the prior year pace, are up nicely. With our product and service enhancements leading the way, we expect a good year.*
MAKING A DIFFERENCE
As a global leader in hospitality, Marriott takes its role as a corporate citizen very seriously. With our associates, we work with charitable organizations, governments and international agencies to help thou- sands of people around the world. This includes supporting pro- grams that help educate and develop an emerging global workforce, benefiting both our communities and the company.
In particular, Marriott supports and respects the protection of human rights. In fact, we amended our human rights policy in November. This includes standing against human trafficking and the exploitation of children. To help break the cycle of poverty that often makes at-risk youth vulnerable, Marriott supports programs and part- nerships that train and help them find meaningful employment.
Diversity across our enterprise remains an integral part of our suc- cess, and our board of directors helps drive our progress. The com- pany has pledged to have 500 minority- and women-owned hotels in its system by 2010, and to spend $1 billion with diverse suppliers. At the end of 2006, we had already reached $400 million in spend- ing and had 400 hotels open or in the pipeline owned or managed by women or minorities.
Marriott is committed to environmental stewardship, helping to preserve natural surroundings and reduce resource consumption. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has recognized these efforts, naming Marriott an ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year for the last three years. Marriott was the first company to join the EPA’s Climate Leaders Program, pledging to reduce greenhouse gases by 6 percent per available room by 2010.
OUR SPIRIT TO SERVE
While we’ve set the stage with new products and services, a supe- rior business model and financial strength, our success wouldn’t be possible without our more than 150,000 associates and their enduring “Spirit To Serve.® ” We retain great talent in large part because of our strong company culture, which promotes oppor- tunities for our associates.
Opportunity has defined the Marriott legacy and inspires our future. As we mark our 80th anniversary year, Marriott has great reason to celebrate, with good economic trends, strong travel demand and our powerful growth engine pointing toward sustained outstanding performance. But as always, we’ll continue to innovate, look for ways to improve our business and better serve our cus- tomers. Because, as J. Willard Marriott, Sr. said when he and his wife, Alice S. Marriott, founded this company in 1927, “Success is never final.”
J.W. MARRIOTT, JR.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
WILLIAM J. SHAW
President and Chief Operating Officer
* Please see “Risk Factors” later in this report for information about forward-looking state- ments, risks and uncertainties.
  