To Our Shareholders
  J.W. MARRIOTT, JR. [RIGHT] CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
WILLIAM J. SHAW [LEFT] PRESIDENT AND CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER
the past year has been remarkable in significant ways.
A favorable economy pushed lodging demand higher, which—combined with our business model—helped
us deliver incredibly positive results: People are traveling more and staying with us; hotels are more profitable; and owners and franchisees are adding more of our properties to their portfolios. In 2005, we accelerated transformation of our “new look and feel” of all Marriott brands, which is raising guest satisfaction even further. Our new bedding initiative is virtually complete, and as we continue to introduce new styles and designs across our brands, we expect positive results in 2006 and beyond.
In 2005, strong worldwide economic expansion, combined with modest industry supply growth, helped us achieve record levels of revenue and earnings. In addition, owners and franchisees added 22,000 rooms to our system — 40 percent of which were full service; rev- enue rose 14 percent; operating income grew 16 percent; house profit margins increased 180 basis points; and diluted earnings per share from continuing operations reached a record level of $2.89. Net cash provided by operating activities totaled $837 million; and share repur- chases returned a record $1.65 billion to shareholders.
LODGING DEMAND GROWS
Several trends suggest that we can sustain this strong performance. We expect lodging demand to remain robust. Perhaps more importantly, lodging supply growth remains in check. Smith Travel Research estimates that 2005 U.S. lodging supply increased only 0.4 percent, while demand grew 3.3 percent. Further, it expects U.S. lodging demand growth to exceed supply growth in 2006, and at this early stage sees a similar pattern as the most likely outcome in 2007.
In 2005, Marriott’s primary customers—business travelers — were traveling near pre-2001 levels. Group meeting attendance and spending exceeded expectations, while leisure guests filled hotels, restaurants and spas. With travelers recognizing that Marriott’s brands represent the highest value and quality in the industry, our U.S. hotels enjoyed an 18 percent revenue per avail- able room (RevPAR) premium to direct competitors.
Over the next five years, we expect owners and franchisees to invest more than $5 billion in property improvements, reflecting our “new look and feel.” One of the most transformative changes is the new bedding, which is now in almost all Marriott-branded hotels.
In addition to high-thread-count sheets and multiple pillows, the replacement of traditional bedspreads with freshly laundered linens is making Marriott’s bedding the cleanest and freshest of any major hotel chain.
The new Marriott Hotels & Resorts and Renaissance Hotels & Resorts guest rooms are another major component of Marriott’s new style, design and comfort, and early results are outstanding. In consumer research, eight out of 10 business travelers said they would be willing to pay more for the new, innovative room. Guests are responding to the contemporary residential design and home-like warm colors. Technology is “plug and play,” thanks to Marriott’s exclusive high-tech connec- tivity panel that links laptops, iPods and other personal entertainment equipment with a state-of-the-art 32-inch high-definition TV and sound system.
We continue to focus on service, leveraging our understanding of guests and technology, through such industry-leading initiatives as “Spirit To Serve Our
Guests.” Today, guests can use the Web to order room service prior to arrival or track Marriott Rewards points toward a dream vacation. Their preferences, for foam ver- sus feather pillows, for example, are instantly recognized when they call reservations. And at select hotels, guests can check in and out at kiosks. Wireless check-in via remote devices is the next big opportunity.
Our brand enhancements are drawing leisure travelers who seek relaxation and rejuvenation at our nearly
150 resorts, 80 spas and 60 golf courses. Fueling leisure growth is our timeshare segment, whose four brands enjoyed unprecedented worldwide segment revenue of over $1.7 billion in 2005. The brand portfolio includes timeshare, fractional and whole ownership offerings in the United States, the Caribbean, Europe and Asia.
Consumer demand for luxury goods and services, including lodging, is increasing. Worldwide comparable RevPAR of our luxury brands increased 13 percent in 2005. Anchored by The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company and complemented by the JW Marriott Hotels & Resorts and Bulgari Hotels & Resorts brands, our unsurpassed luxury portfolio includes nearly 95 hotels, plus an outstanding pipeline of future properties in prime destinations, including multiple locations in China, as well as Tokyo, Moscow and Bali.
Our select-service and extended-stay brands also continue to innovate. Residence Inn — the pioneer in the extended-stay segment — has now refreshed 95 properties, with 24 properties scheduled for 2006. In early 2006, Residence Inn celebrated its 500th hotel with a new prop- erty in the heart of New York City. In addition, the rein- vention of our Courtyard brand, which recently celebrated its 100,000th room with the opening of a property in Moscow, is virtually complete. Guests love the new look and it shows—reinvented properties enjoy improved guest satisfaction scores and RevPAR premiums.
In 2005, we debuted our newest brand extension, Renaissance ClubSport, a new concept that features the exceptional décor, dining and service of the Renaissance Hotels & Resorts brand, plus world-class sports and fitness facilities. We expect to open 15 ClubSport properties across the United States over several years.
4 | MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2005

To promote these exciting changes, Marriott has adopted a bold new marketing approach—the visually stunning advertising campaign you see in airports world- wide, and on the cover of this report.
GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES
While we have more than doubled our market share
of rooms in the United States over the last 15 years to approximately 8.5 percent, our market share outside the United States is less than 1 percent, leaving considerable opportunity for expansion. Identifying new international opportunities is a priority. As of year-end 2005, we managed or franchised nearly 400 hotels and more
than 100,000 rooms outside the United States, with 70 additional hotels and 18,000 rooms under development. During 2005, we expanded in such markets as Malaysia, India and China. In fact, Marriott currently operates 32 hotels in China, with 14 properties under construction, and additional projects in the development pipeline.
In 2005, we added nearly 6,000 rooms by reflagging competitors’ hotels to ours. When a hotel brand meets guest needs better than its competitors, guests are willing to pay more, providing stronger returns for investors. Ultimately, owners and franchisees invest in our brands because our guests prefer them.
Marriott also invests to fuel growth, including over $1 billion in 2005 alone, comprised of capital expendi- tures, joint venture investments and loan advances. We expect that most of the company’s investments will be returned to us through asset sales or loan repayments. In 2005, over $1.4 billion was recycled in this manner. Combined with strong profitability, this increased our
return on investment capital (excluding our synthetic fuel business) from 14 percent in 2004 to 16 percent in 2005. As a result of an investment in 2005, we now operate
46 formerly franchised Marriott Hotels & Resorts and Renaissance Hotels & Resorts properties in the United Kingdom, allowing us to benefit from higher fees over time and to expand our presence there. We also facilitated new ownership of more than 25 Renaissance hotels world- wide, accelerating rollout of a new style and design at those properties.
LEADING TODAY . . .
The Marriott system continues to grow, with a healthy pipeline of hotels. Over the next three years, we plan to add approximately 25,000 new rooms annually, including many in sought-after destinations. Guests will have more choices across more brands in more locations than ever. In addition, owners see the benefit of leveraging size and scale, creating more efficiencies and cross-selling oppor- tunities while driving down operating costs.
Our strategy works. Preference for our brands among frequent business travelers remains outstanding. As evi- denced by our strong credit ratings and investment grade notes, we have one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry. And we are delivering exceptional cash flow growth and returns to shareholders.
As always, our associates are the key to our success, and are the most highly skilled and engaged in the hospitality business. They give Marriott a significant competitive advantage and were instrumental in producing outstanding results in 2005, despite the year’s devastating hurricanes. Their “spirit to serve” makes Marriott an industry leader.
Marriott’s culture of caring service extends to everything we do. Through many charitable programs and partner- ships, we help thousands of people. We are paying attention to the environment, too. In 2005, we were recognized as
a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s ENERGY STAR “Partner of the Year” for reducing electric energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions by 64,000 tons annually.
We also remain firmly committed to representing the communities where we operate. We have actively sought new opportunities for minority- and women-owned businesses, and have significantly increased diversity in management positions.
. . . OWNING TOMORROW
Marriott is ready to deliver what our customers want, when they want it, the way they want it. Our superb brands, products and services are reaching a new audi- ence and dramatically changing the perception of travel. We are building for tomorrow’s success, always looking for ways to innovate and enhance our business. And we are doing it with a style all our own.
J.W. MARRIOTT, JR.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
WILLIAM J. SHAW
President and Chief Operating Officer
    M MARKS THE SPOT
Marriott’s mSpotSM was the hippest live billboard ever to light up Times Square. Bill Marriott and his sons John, Steve and David unveiled a glass-enclosed guest room replica showcasing the company’s latest innovations in design, luxury bedding and bath, and technology. A series of live performances by Ciara and other top music stars, national radio personalities and special guests electrified the crowds.
MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 2005 | 5
