 To Our Shareholders:
This was a year of unique challenges, achievements and milestones for Marriott International. Our business model and competitive advantages, as in other tough times, helped us outperform the hospitality industry.
As a result, despite the industry’s most significant decline in over 50 years, our earnings increased, our balance sheet grew stronger, and our significant liquidity and debt capacity increased. The fundamentals of our business model are solid, and we grew our market share around the world, adding 31,600 lodging rooms. By year-end, we operated or franchised nearly 2,600 properties across 18 brands in 67 countries and territories. Above all, as we bring our
75th anniversary year to a close, our “spirit to serve” is stronger than ever.
In 2002, net income from continuing operations totaled $439 million. Diluted earnings per share from continuing opera- tions were $1.74, a 66 percent increase over 2001. Cash flow from operations increased 28 percent. Despite the difficult environ- ment, our total debt net of cash reserves declined by $400 million during the year. We completed $729 million in property sales and negotiated dispositions that should yield an additional $259 million in proceeds in early 2003. In 2002, our earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization from continuing operations was $707 million, 8.2 times our interest expense.
Even in this weak travel environment, we were able to achieve 70 percent average occupancy – far above the U.S. industry average of 59 percent.
How? First, our offerings meet a broad spectrum of con- sumer needs. We offer travelers – from government employees
to business groups to vacationing families – an extraordinary selection of price ranges, locations and brands. Second, travel- ers recognize that our brands represent the highest value, con- sistency and quality in the industry. And third, our growing portfolio of hotels creates economies of scale that enable us to provide the industry’s most valuable frequent traveler program, reservation systems, and sales and marketing programs.
Profits from our lodging business totaled $707 million in 2002. Revenues from base management and franchise fees totaled $611 million, a 3 percent increase over 2001. REVPAR (Revenue Per Available Room) declined 5.7 percent in Marriott’s North American company-operated hotels during the year, offset by the 6.4 percent net increase in the number of our domestic rooms under Marriott flags. Due to effective cost controls, we also earned $162 million in incentive management fee revenue.
Internationally, company-operated comparable hotel REVPAR increased 2.2 percent in constant U.S. dollars. International house profit margins increased over 1 percentage point, and the number of rooms increased 5.8 percent outside the U.S. Business remains weak in Latin America and Europe, while we’ve seen signs of improvement in Asia.
The decline in travel had less impact on our timeshare business, as leisure travelers continued to invest in opportuni- ties to vacation with friends and family. Some of our newest resorts generated greater-than-expected contract sales during the year. Our luxurious Ritz-Carlton Club in Bachelor Gulch, Colorado, reported $36 million in contract sales. Two of our Marriott Vacation Club destinations, Marriott’s Aruba Surf Club and Marriott’s Aruba Ocean Club, reported a combined $69 million in contract sales – nearly double our expectations. In all, our timeshare business generated $1.2 billion in revenue and $183 million in profits in 2002.
The year also offered a unique opportunity to strengthen our focus on our core lodging business, improve return on invested capital and increase shareholder value by exiting the distribution and senior living businesses. We sold the busi- ness at nine of our distribution centers to competitors, and closed four other centers. We also announced that Marriott Senior Living Services would be sold to Sunrise Assisted Living, Inc. Although the asset writedowns, severance and reduction in inventories triggered by these dispositions reduced our 2002 after-tax profits by $171 million, we
  J.W. Marriott, Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (right) William J. Shaw President and Chief Operating Officer (left)
 6
MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC.

expect these transactions to generate cash proceeds in excess of $400 million, which we plan to use to repurchase our common stock.
We maintained our efforts to generate sales and revenue, particularly for short-term group business where competition has been most intense. We placed particular emphasis on attract- ing special segment customers, including seniors, government travelers, fraternal and religious groups, and wedding planners.
We offered a variety of promotions, including Marriott Rewards’ “Take Two” offer, which generated incremental rev- enue and brought the total Marriott Rewards membership to over 18 million. In October, we re-launched the “Take Two” campaign with a new Courtyard advertisement featuring U.S. football heroes Steve Young and Jerry Rice.
Technology continues to be an important business tool. With nearly six million visits per month, Marriott.com helps us reach tech-savvy customers. Reservations through Marriott.com grew 53 percent versus 2001 and generated
gross revenue in excess of $1 billion. In 2002, we made Marriott.com faster, easier to use and more accessible than ever. Together with others in the industry, we introduced Travelweb.com for consumers who wish to comparison shop based on price, amenities, location or brand. More than 800 Marriott hotels joined in the venture, which adds revenue and provides another channel for customers to
reach us.
Our results in 2002 clearly demonstrate the soundness of
the Marriott business model, which is built around our propensity for growth, a strong brand portfolio that provides outstanding value, and a culture that celebrates change and values responsiveness.
By focusing on managing and franchising, we can rapidly add hotels to our portfolio and increase our global distribution. This allows us to grow and enhance the value of our brands.
Our development pipeline currently has nearly 300 properties with more than 50,000 rooms, including over 28,000 rooms under construction or pending conversion to
our brands. Over 40 percent of the hotels in our pipeline are full-service. Including conversions, we expect to open 25,000 to 30,000 rooms in each of 2003 and 2004.
In the U.S., our market share of rooms increased to 8 percent, from 3.4 percent 15 years ago. At year-end, Lodging Econometrics reported that Marriott brands accounted for nearly 20 percent of all new hotel rooms under construction, under conversion or in permitting in the U.S.
International expansion is also vital to our company’s growth. While our international presence has increased nine- fold over the past decade, we have a less than 1 percent market share outside the U.S. This presents a tremendous growth opportunity, which is why approximately 25 percent of the rooms in our pipeline are in non-U.S. markets.
Marriott offers the best and most diverse portfolio of high- quality lodging brands in the industry, and that strength serves as the foundation for customer, owner and franchisee prefer- ence, steady growth and long-term profitability.
   Growth
By focusing on managing and franchising, we can rapidly add hotels to our portfolio and increase our global distribution. This allows us to grow and enhance the value of our brands.
 7
MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC.
Travelers prefer Marriott brands by a substantial margin. In a 2002 independent survey, Marriott Hotels & Resorts, our flagship brand, was preferred over the next leading lodging competitor by two to one. Outstanding customer service; con- sistent, high-quality products; and the most expansive geo- graphic distribution in the industry drive this loyalty, which, in turn, enhances our growth prospects.
Owners and franchisees also prefer Marriott brands. They demonstrate that preference by purchasing, building or con- verting their hotels to our brands in increasing numbers. In 2002, franchisees and owners converted 6,700 rooms, repre- senting over $1 billion of real estate, to the Marriott system. In a 2002 survey of our owners and franchisees who own multiple brands, Marriott was preferred over the next leading competi- tor by six to one.
Our unique ability to swiftly and skillfully meet the changing needs of our guests, owners and franchisees is our hallmark and the key to our success. As the travel industry grows more com- plex, our strengths become even more apparent.

New additions to our portfolio of hotels enable us to be where our guests want us to be. In 2002, we opened our 2,500th hotel, the 950-room JW Marriott Desert Ridge Resort & Spa in Phoenix. Desert Ridge boasts the two largest ball- rooms of any resort in Arizona and a 28,000-square-foot world- class spa. In its first full month of operation, Desert Ridge ran at 80 percent occupancy.
Existing properties were also renovated and expanded. New bedding, furnishings and, in the case of Courtyard, a major interior redesign, were featured during the year.
Today’s travelers also require state-of-the-art communication tools. Since 1999, we have led the lodging industry in offering
guests high-speed internet access. In 2002, we announced plans to offer wireless high-speed internet services. By March 2003, 400 hotels in the U.S., the U.K. and Germany had completed installation of the new wireless system – the largest deployment in the industry.
Hotel owners and franchisees also have changing needs and interests. They have grown and become more active in the man- agement of their properties. The economic climate has adversely affected them as well. Even so, many owners and franchisees have praised our quick response to the unstable and unpre- dictable economic conditions over the last two years. In partic- ular, they are pleased with our efforts to cut operating costs and maximize their cash flow while maintaining high service stan- dards. Owners are also pleased with our concerted effort to provide better and faster reporting systems to meet their needs.
We applaud the changes underway in corporate America to improve investor confidence. We have always maintained that uncompromising ethical standards are necessary to sustain a competitive advantage, as well as the pride and trust of our associates and shareholders. Building on this foundation, we have enhanced our financial reports to disclose more informa- tion than ever.
Our board of directors is highly independent, with eight of the 11 board seats held by non-employee directors with considerable experience in international business, finance and marketing. We also have the strongest, most-seasoned and cohe- sive management team in our industry. Marriott’s senior offi- cers have an average of 22 years with the company, while their direct reports have an average tenure of 15 years.
As always, tough times bring out the best in Marriott’s asso- ciates. None of our accomplishments in 2002 would have been possible without their hard work, dedication, professionalism and “spirit to serve.” Thanks to them, we’ve successfully navigated the most challenging environment imaginable. At
   Focus
The year also offered a unique opportunity to strengthen our focus
on our core lodging business, improve return on invested capital and increase shareholder value.
 Marriott, how we do business is just as important as the busi- ness we do.
We are proud of our 2002 results. While it is difficult to visualize any significant near-term improvement in our industry or the economy in general, we are well-positioned to capitalize on the inevitable recovery. Our goals are to continually grow and improve our business no matter what obstacles we may face. We look forward to opening terrific new hotels around the world, pursuing exciting growth opportunities, and doing what we do best– providing world-class service to our customers.
J.W. MARRIOTT, JR.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
WILLIAM J. SHAW
President and Chief Operating Officer
March 1, 2003
  8
MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC.
