  J.W. Marriott, Jr.
Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board
A Message From the Executive Chairman
This year’s annual report invites you to “See the World,” featuring iconic landmarks around the globe. We’re working hard to make sure you can do just that by staying in our hotels. When I started as chief executive officer in 1972, we had one hotel outside the U.S., in Acapulco, Mexico. Today, we have more than 600 properties out- side the U.S., and nearly 70 percent of our hotel rooms under construction are beyond North America’s shores. It’s an exciting time to be in the lodging business.
2012 was an outstanding year; my first as the company’s executive chairman. Our strong performance is a tribute to the commitment and hard work of our associates
all around the world and the exceptional quality of our properties. As we continue to evolve as a company, we’re staying true to our core values—Putting People First, Pursuing Excellence, Embracing Change, Acting with Integrity and Serving Our World. Our strength lies in these values and helps propel our vision of making Marriott the #1 hospitality company in the world.
“Take care of your associates and they’ll take care of the guests” was the philosophy of our founder, my father — J. Willard Marriott. At Marriott, caring for people and the community is part of who we are. Around the globe, we
offer our associates fair treatment, respect and oppor- tunities for personal and professional growth. We know that when we feel valued and respected, it helps make our guests feel that way too.
Marriott has a longstanding reputation for excellent customer service, which dates back to the start of our company more than 85 years ago. To fulfill our vision, Marriott continually seeks innovative and creative ways to meet the needs of guests. We maintain high stan- dards in every aspect of our business, from human rights to environmental and social sustainability. We’re gratified to regularly earn recognition for our commitment to our customers and associates.
We empower our associates to get involved in community service projects and initiatives all over the world. As we grow globally, Marriott is focused on critical areas of need where we can serve the communities where we operate ... shelter and food, the environment, readiness for work, the well-being of children and global diversity and inclusion. Worldwide in 2012, our associates raised $4.3 million for their communities during company-spon- sored events and volunteered nearly 460,000 hours.
Last year, I visited more than 200 hotels across the globe. Wherever I travel, I see the dedication, passion and pride that our associates display every day. This
is who we are; our business is to welcome travelers. We don’t manufacture machines or produce consumer goods. We provide outstanding service, fabulous desti- nations and exceptional experiences.
On behalf of all associates, we invite you to join us. And when you do, we’ll be there to welcome you at our more than 3,800 properties across the globe. Wishing you great travels!
          2010 2011 2012 2010 2011 TOTAL FEES TOTAL ROOMS
(Dollars in millions)
2010 2011 2012 RETURN ON INVESTED CAPITAL1
1 See page 92 for additional information on this non-GAAP measure, including a reconciliation, our reasons for providing this measure and limitations on its use.
2012
14% 13%
$1,185 $1,303
$1,420
618,104 643,196
660,394
35%

  Arne M. Sorenson
President and
Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders
It’s exciting to be at the helm of such a tremendous company, working with a talented and experienced team to grow the business and increase shareholder value. I appreciate Bill Marriott’s confidence and support.
More of you are traveling internationally than ever—in 2012, the United Nations’ World Tourism Organization reported that more than 1 billion trips were taken by people who traveled outside their borders. We are setting our sights to get to 2 billion! It’s an ambitious goal; that’s why I joined the board of Brand USA, and attended the
2 MArrIOTT INTErNATIONAL, INC. 2012
World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, where we urged governments around the world to adopt “smart visa” policies to stimulate global travel. Travel creates jobs and spurs economic growth. From Turkey to China; from russia to the United Arab Emirates; and in the U.S., governments are increasingly thinking about interna- tional travel and tourism as trade, and they are working to remove barriers and be more strategic in granting visas and welcoming visitors.
2012 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
2012 was an excellent year for our company. Here are some of the highlights:
3 For the full year 2012, diluted earnings per share
(EPS) totaled $1.72. Adjusting the prior year for the timeshare spin-off and other charges, EPS increased 31 percent and adjusted Earnings Before Interest Expense, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) rose 16 percent.1 Full year fee revenue totaled $1.4 billion matching peak 2007 levels. Incentive management fees alone rose 19 percent. return on invested capital reached 35 percent in 2012.1
3 revenue Per Available room (revPAr) for the com- pany’s worldwide comparable systemwide properties increased more than 6 percent in 2012 and average daily rates rose nearly 4 percent. We saw revPAr improve around the world despite economic weakness in Europe and political uncertainty in the Middle East. In North America, a strengthening economy and mod- est industry supply growth pushed both room rates and revPAr higher.
3 Marriott rewards®, our award-winning guest loyalty program, and our new The ritz-Carlton rewards® pro- gram, together surpassed 41 million members accounting for more than half of our room nights worldwide.
3 Marriott.com, one of the top consumer retail sites in the world, accounted for more than $8.1 billion in property-level gross revenues in 2012.
3 During 2012, we opened 125 properties with over 27,000 rooms. We acquired the Gaylord brand with valuable long-term management agreements; opened high-profile hotels such as the JW Marriott Essex House in New York City; increased our Autograph Collection distribution now spanning four continents; and expanded our Greater China hotel portfolio to 62 properties. Our hotel development organization had an outstanding year signing a record 57,000 rooms worldwide. Our worldwide pipeline of rooms under construction, approved for development or pending conversion reached nearly 130,000 rooms.
3 Our portfolio of luxury brands—BVLGArI Hotels & resorts, The ritz-Carlton, JW Marriott, and our latest luxury lifestyle brand, EDITION, together reached over 180 properties and more than 50,000 rooms worldwide.
1 See pages 18 and 92-95 for additional information on these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations, our reasons for providing these mea- sures and limitations on their use.
  Officially recognized as the world’s tallest hotel at a height of 355 meters, only 26 meters short of the Empire State Building in New York City, the JW Marriott® Marquis® is Dubai’s world- class convention and business destination hotel.

 3 We repurchased 31 million shares in 2012 for approxi- mately $1.2 billion. Including $191 million in dividends, we returned more than $1.3 billion to shareholders during the year.
STRATEGY FOR SUCCESS
As we grow globally, we remain committed to the endur- ing core values that set us apart, and the talented people who make this company great. Our vision remains to be the best hospitality company in the world. Our strategy combines our unique culture with an extensive portfolio of global brands, a customer-focused sales organization, tremendous guest loyalty and a broad distribution of hotels at multiple price points. By focusing on manag- ing and franchising hotels, rather than owning them,
we drive strong shareholder value and high return on invested capital.
With 18 lodging brands our portfolio power allows us to meet the development strategies of individual owners and franchisees and propel distribution and growth.
By emphasizing brand distinction under the Marriott International umbrella, guests can stay with us even as their travel needs and budgets change.
Our flagship brand, Marriott Hotels & resorts, continues to broaden its leadership and distribution around the world while changing to meet new customer expecta- tions. New service initiatives and a marketing campaign will be introduced in 2013. The new lobby concept, already available in more than 200 hotels, should be found everywhere by 2015.
Our luxury brands are thriving with a new ritz-Carlton in Vienna, Austria and the star-studded opening of the JW Marriott Marquis Dubai, the tallest hotel in the world. EDITION, our newest luxury lifestyle brand, combines an energetic atmosphere, attitude and style, showcasing some of the best dining and entertainment options. Sophisticated public spaces, finishes, design and details serve the experience, instead of driving it. The EDITION London is scheduled to open in 2013. Other EDITION hotels are planned for Los Angeles, Calif.; New York, N.Y.; Miami Beach, Fla.; Abu Dhabi
in the United Arab Emirates; Sanya, China; Gurgaon, India; and Bangkok, Thailand.
Our acquisition of the Gaylord brand and hotel manage- ment company in 2012 adds fuel to our already leading group and meeting portfolio. These incredible hotels bring a fresh, new focus on entertainment, lots of great opportunities to surprise and delight our guests, and enhance our leadership in the major meeting market. Gaylord should benefit from Marriott’s strong reservation system, sales organization, frequent traveler program, and back-of-the-house systems.
Since the launch of the Autograph Collection three years ago, the brand already has nearly 40 hotels open and another 22 in the development pipeline. From gilded palaces to modernist icons to exotic escapes, every
2 MOXY launched March 5, 2013 and is not included in the brands listed on the “Marriott International at a Glance” page.
hotel is a landmark of individuality. As a member of the Autograph Collection, owners of independent hotels can take advantage of Marriott’s powerful distribution and marketing channels while remaining unique.
Demand for our Modern Essentials brands—Courtyard, Fairfield Inn & Suites, residence Inn, SpringHill Suites and TownePlace Suites—is increasing in North America as well as globally. There are significant opportunities for FairfieldSM with unique market-driven designs in India and Brazil, while our SpringHill Suites brand will soon reach a milestone 300th hotel with its first property in New York City. Celebrating its 30th anniversary, Courtyard’s rapid growth around the world should allow this power brand to reach 1,000 hotels by year-end 2014.
In early March,2 we announced our newest brand, MOXY HOTELS,SM a European economy 3-star concept that appeals to the fast emerging millennial traveler, combin- ing contemporary stylish design, approachable service and affordable prices. We expect to add 150 franchised MOXY properties over the next 10 years.
LOOKING AHEAD
We are focused on next generation travelers. Nearly half the people on this planet are under the age of 25. They will increasingly be our new customers, and what they want, we will deliver. That includes technol- ogy leadership and mobility, along with style, choices and experiences.
We’re also ramping up mobile booking and other flexible, intuitive technologies, and we’re building and investing in social media to better understand—and deliver—what guests want. In 2012, FORTUNE® named us to its “Social Media Star” list, which recognizes com- panies for their innovative use of social media to improve their businesses.
We are very well positioned to keep driving global growth. Our four continental regions—The Americas, including the Caribbean and Latin America; Asia Pacific; Europe, the Middle East and Africa—all saw major growth in 2012 (see highlights from each region begin- ning on page 4). Our continental structure provides close-to-market leadership—a key driver to our success. Our increasing nimbleness allows us to be efficient and insightful about markets and cultures around the world.
If we get all these things right—and we will—we’ll continue to be rewarded with hotel owner preference, sharing our success with our trusted partners.
On behalf of our hotels and the 325,000 associates at managed and franchised properties around the world, we invite you to “See the World” and stay with us.
MArrIOTT INTErNATIONAL, INC. 2012 3
 