                                        BUILDING A DYNAMIC FUTURE
March 2005
Building a Dynamic Future
We are pleased to report that in 2004 your Company achieved record sales, net income and earnings per common share, and Masco’s share price reached an all-time high.
Our success was in large part due to a change in strategic direction to focus on increasing shareholder value by improving the Company’s return on invested capital (ROIC) through strong internal growth, share repurchases and balance sheet simplification.
The new strategic direction, which we announced in early 2003, was designed to benefit our shareholders by leveraging the critical mass of brands that we developed in 1997 through 2002 through our acquisition of a number of leading home improve- ment and building product companies. During this period of rapid growth, our goal was to broaden our product and services offerings to customers and consumers, to make Masco more important to a dramatically consolidating customer base, includ- ing home centers and homebuilders, and to address the increasing globalization of
  Richard A. Manoogian
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Alan H. Barry
President and Chief Operating Officer
our markets.
While we were successful in building what we believe is one of the world’s leading providers of home improvement and building products and services dur- ing the period prior to 2003, we did not create satisfactory shareholder value, we increased debt as a percentage of total capitalization and we experienced a decline in ROIC.
Our recent change in strategic direction has focused the resources of the Company on improving return to share- holders and contributed significantly to our record results in 2004.
4 ~ Masco Corporation

                                        Financial Highlights for 2004
NET SALES AND OPERATING PROFIT
Net sales from continuing operations were a record $12.1 billion, a 14 percent increase over the $10.6 billion that we achieved in 2003. Since the Company had no acquisi- tions of significant size during the past year, virtually all of this increase was from internal growth.
 NET SALES AND OPERATING PROFIT
Dollars in Millions
Net Sales
$12,074 10,571 8,831 7,705 6,506 5,577 17%
 Year
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
5-Year Growth Rate
Amounts have been restated to exclude discontinued operations.
Operating Profit
$1,569 1,484 1,267 1,011
888 807 14%
   Net sales from North American operations, accounting for 82 percent of the Company’s sales, increased 13 percent to $9.9 billion in 2004 from $8.8 billion in 2003. Net sales from International operations, principally in Europe, increased 21 percent to $2.2 billion in 2004 from $1.8 billion in 2003.
Income from continuing operations for 2004 was $930 million compared with $790 million in 2003, including non-cash, after-tax charges for goodwill impairment of $141 million ($168 million pre-tax) and $47 million ($53 million pre-tax) in 2004 and 2003, respectively. Earnings from continuing operations were $2.04 per common share compared with $1.61 per common share in 2003. Excluding the charges for goodwill impairment, earnings from continuing operations were $2.35 per common share and $1.70 per common share for 2004 and 2003, respectively.
2004 Annual Report ~ 5
 
                                        BUILDING A DYNAMIC FUTURE
 Our operating profit margins from continuing operations, as reported, were 13.0 per- cent in 2004, compared with 14.0 percent in 2003. Excluding goodwill impairment charges, operating profit margins were 14.4 percent and 14.5 percent in 2004 and 2003, respectively. These margins were adversely affected by increased commodity costs not recovered due to the normal delay from a timing standpoint in implementing selling price increases to customers, costs associated with the Sarbanes-Oxley legisla- tion, increased energy and freight costs, stronger foreign currencies resulting in increased International sales that have lower margins, product mix and relatively higher sales in product segments with somewhat lower margins.
CASH FLOW
In 2004, the Company achieved free cash flow (defined as cash from operations less capital expenditures and before dividends) of over $1 billion, for the second consec- utive year. Our cash flow has benefited from improved balance sheet management, particularly related to working capital management.
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
Capital expenditures for the year, including discontinued operations, were $310 mil- lion compared with $271 million for 2003. We continue to invest capital to support internal growth opportunities across our businesses. Depreciation and amortization for 2004 was $237 million compared with $244 million for 2003.
LIQUIDITY
The Company ended 2004 in a strong financial position with cash and marketable securities in excess of $1.5 billion, even after using approximately $900 million to repurchase common shares for retirement. In keeping with our commitment to reduce the Company’s financial investments, our marketable equity securities and bond funds portfolio was reduced to $263 million at year-end compared with $517 million at the end of 2003.
The Company renegotiated its debt agreements with its banks and replaced its then existing credit agreements with a $2.0 billion five-year revolving credit agreement payable in November 2009. At year-end, there were no borrowings under this new agreement.
6 ~ Masco Corporation

                                          Hansgrohe faucets
 2004 Annual Report ~ 7
 
  Ginger mirror and light fixtures, Mirolin bathtub, Newport Brass vanity & plumbing fixtures
                                        BUILDING A DYNAMIC FUTURE
BALANCE SHEET
Our focus on balance sheet management in 2004 resulted in the following:
• Accounts receivable at the end of 2004 were 49 days, compared with 53 days for 2003;
• Year-end inventories increased slightly to 49 days, compared with 48 days in 2003;
• Accounts payable days at year-end improved to 36 days, compared with 35 days
in 2003, as the Company continues to negotiate more favorable supplier terms; and
• Working capital at year-end (defined as accounts receivable and inventories less accounts payable) improved to 16.8 percent of sales, from 18.1 percent a year earlier.
CAPITALIZATION
Consistent with our commitment to improve ROIC, we continued to aggressively man- age our capital base by repurchasing 31 million common shares in 2004 for approxi- mately $900 million. In the past two years, our com- mon shares outstanding have been reduced by 66 million through share
repurchases.
Debt as a percent of total capitalization at the end of 2004 was 44 percent, compared with 43 percent at year-end 2003.
8 ~ Masco Corporation

                                        Strategic Redirection
During the past two years, Masco has undertaken a critical forward-looking strategic planning initiative designed to identify opportunities to further strengthen the Company, grow our market leadership positions and enhance long-term shareholder value.
  STRATEGIC AGENDA
STRATEGIC AGENDA
  Return on Invested Capital
Average Annual Internal Sales Growth
Average Annual Sales Growth through Acquisitions
Average Annual Operating Profit Margins
Cash Flow
Average Annual Return to Shareholders, including Dividends
2004 Goals
Improve
6–8%
5% or less
13–15% Above Average
12–15%
2004 Results
12.0% compared with 11.1% in 2003 14%
Less than 1%
13.0%
Free cash flow exceeded $1 billion
29%
      2004 Annual Report ~ 9
 
  LEADERSHIP PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
                                        BUILDING A DYNAMIC FUTURE
10 ~ Masco Corporation
Dollars in Millions
  Cabinets and Related Products Installation and Other Services Plumbing Products
Decorative Architectural Products Other Specialty Products
Leadership Sales
Other Sales
Total Sales
2004 Sales
$ 3,131 2,771 2,468 1,606 1,159 $ 11,135 939 $12,074
Percent of Total
26% 23% 20% 13% 10% 92%
8%
100%
   Your Company spent a number of years and significant resources developing a criti- cal mass of businesses that provide leadership products and services and highly rec- ognized brands. These brands target diverse price points and distribution channels in the home improvement and building products and services industries. That strategy proved effective, solidifying our position in the marketplace while simultaneously improving our importance to customers.
Today, over 90 percent of our sales are represented by products and services that we believe are leaders in their respective market niches—a position unmatched by any other company in the markets in which we compete. Having built this critical mass, we are now focused on improving value for our shareholders by:
• Leveraging synergies;
• Refining our business portfolio;
• Enhancing new-product development;
• Focusing on key customers; and
• Sourcing products and components from Asia.

                                          Delta faucet, KraftMaid cabinetry
 2004 Annual Report ~ 11
 
                                        BUILDING A DYNAMIC FUTURE
  Milgard windows
 12 ~ Masco Corporation
 
                                        Leveraging Synergies
We are leveraging synergies among operating companies through the establish- ment of product platforms, each under the direction of a Group President with responsibility for the performance of operating companies within these platforms. These product platforms are:
• Cabinets;
• Plumbing Products;
• Decorative Architectural Products, including coatings; • Installation Services; and
• Other Specialty Products, including windows.
In each of these platforms, global steering committees are focusing on sourcing initia- tives, shared best practices, cost-reduction efforts, joint marketing programs and manufacturing rationalization.
This process is perhaps best illustrated by Masco Contractor Services (MCS), which today supplies and installs products in approximately 50 percent of the new homes built in the United States. We are leveraging our unique installation services capabil- ities and relationships to enhance our sales of other products by offering our builder customers installation of more than 20 separate categories of products. We are excited about the opportunities to provide logistical advantages to our builder customers by installing both insulation and non-insulation products, including Masco-manufactured products such as cabinets and windows. Through our broad installation and distribution system, Masco is the only company that currently offers homebuilders nationwide installation services.
Although MCS is the undisputed leader in providing installation services, our serv- ices revenues currently represent only a small portion of the installation costs of building a home, offering significant opportunities for future growth.
2004 Annual Report ~ 13
 
                                        BUILDING A DYNAMIC FUTURE
Portfolio Review
In order to improve profitability and improve returns on capital deployed, we continue to review our portfolio of companies, concentrating on those that fully support our strategic alignment and competitive core, perform to our expectations and are less susceptible to foreign competition. Through consolidations and divestitures in 2004, we reduced the number of operating units from 63 to 47; we expect further consolidation as we continue to streamline our operations.
During 2004 and early 2005, Masco divested the following six European companies: Alma Küchen, The Alvic Group, Gebhardt Ventilatoren, Jüng Pumpen, E. Missel, and SKS Group.
ORGANIZATION RESTRUCTURING
In 2004, we also consolidated a number of our operating companies:
• We structured our plumbing products operations into a single platform and have several consolidations underway.
• We have refined the organizational structure and the strategic focus of our cabinet businesses to better serve our builder customers and our retail customers.
• PowerShot, a manufacturer of fastening products, was assimilated into Arrow Fastener.
• European operations were structured into three platforms, resulting in the reduc- tion of reporting units from 29 to 19.
These organizational changes should enable Masco to continue to drive worldwide synergies and cost savings in the future.
 14 ~ Masco Corporation

                                        ACQUISITION STRATEGY
Historically, Masco’s goal has been to grow the Company’s sales through acquisition at an average annual rate of five to 10 percent. As part of our strategic redirection, we have reduced our annual sales growth target through acquisition to five percent or less. Likely candidates would be “bolt-on” acquisitions that meet our financial crite- ria and add a product extension, geographic presence or a new service or manufac- turing capacity to one of our existing product or services platforms. There were no significant acquisitions in 2004.
 Watkins Hot Spring Solana spa
2004 Annual Report ~ 15
 
  Behr paint, Milgard windows
                                        BUILDING A DYNAMIC FUTURE
New-Product Development
To enhance market share growth, in recent years we have intensified our focus on new-product development. We esti- mate that currently 25 to 30 percent of our manufactured product sales come from products that have been introduced during the past three years.
Milgard Windows continued its new-product initiatives and, in 2004, in order to expand to markets in the eastern U.S., introduced its new double- and single-hung windows and fiberglass French and sliding doors. Fiberglass is relatively new to the window market and provides dimensional stability that is impervious to outside ele- ments. The unique combination of fiberglass with a finely crafted interior wood veneer was hailed by Woman’s Day Special Interest Publications as the most innovative new product of 2004.
In architectural products, Behr also introduced several new products in 2004, includ- ing Behr Semi-Transparent Concrete Stain, Behr Wet-Look Sealer and Log Home and Barn Finishes.
A number of exciting new plumbing
products have been introduced in early
ˆTM
2005. These include the Simply PUR filtra-
16 ~ Masco Corporation
tion faucet, a faucet system developed in partnership with Procter & Gamble that offers a convenient and easily changeable filter, and the H Okinetics TechnologyTM that
2
changes the shape of water droplets to
create a warmer, more luxurious shower experience, using less water.

                                          DeltaSimplyPUˆRTM filtrationfaucet
 2004 Annual Report ~ 17
 
                                        BUILDING A DYNAMIC FUTURE
 For 2005, Bath Unlimited is launching three new bath-accessory designs available to builders, architects and specifiers: an old-world style, a traditional design and a Southwest theme; and Hansgrohe introduced CitterioTM, a new high-end line of faucets.
In Installation Services, MCS is installing a variety of new products, including closet organizers manufactured by other Masco operating companies. In addition, MCS introduced its new Diamond ClassSM Level for its Environments for Living® program, that offers significant improvements in comfort and energy savings to homeowners.
THE SEVEN PILLARS OF THE ENVIRONMENTS FOR LIVING® PROGRAM
                                                                                                                                                              18 ~ Masco Corporation

                                        Customer Programs
Customer programs are driven by research in consultation with our builder, retailer and wholesaler customers. These programs are designed to provide incentives for mutual growth and to help our customers better market our products to con- sumers. For example, a recent study conducted by our Builder Cabinet Group identified consumer model-home shopping and buying behaviors to help our builder customers ensure that their cabinet choices, design centers and marketing programs present products and upgrade options in ways that best address consumers’ needs and interests.
KEY RETAILER PROGRAM
Since 1986, the Key Retailer Program has grown significantly with 2004 sales reaching $3.7 billion, compared with $3.4 billion in 2003. Building on the customized programs that we offer to our retailer customers, we have established value- added programs at both the corporate and oper- ating company levels.
These newly expanded programs include: transportation, logistics, inventory replenishment, technology, consumer research, product development, visual merchandising, advertising and brand management.
BUILDER ALLIANCE PROGRAM
Since its establishment in 1987, the Masco Builder Alliance Program has been contin- ually enhanced to reflect the needs of the marketplace and the voice of our customers.
                                                                                                                                    2004 Annual Report ~ 19
 
  Masco Contractor Services, Milgard windows
                                        BUILDING A DYNAMIC FUTURE
The Masco Builder Alliance Program serves builder customers through a wide range of customized initiatives, including Masco database management, targeted product-based rebate programs, design center support services and other value- added services.
In 2004, Masco continued to finalize a number of national arrangements with key homebuilders that incentivize our customers to make us their primary installer of insulation and other building products. Arrangements have now been executed with five of the top 10 U.S. homebuilders with additional arrangements expected to be finalized in 2005. We continue to increase sales through penetration of non-insulation installation services.
20 ~ Masco Corporation

                                        Asia Sourcing
As Asian countries have become major manufacturing centers with lower costs for labor, land and facilities, we have expanded our operations there, and now have approximately 1,400 employees and approximately 400,000 square feet of manufacturing and distribution space in China. In 2004, we outsourced over $400 million of products and components compared with over $200 million in 2003, resulting in significant cost savings.
Our established capabilities in China provide a base for further expansion of manu- facturing and assembly in that country, and are already allowing Masco to serve Asian consumers as the markets for our products grow.
 Moores cabinetry
2004 Annual Report ~ 21
 
                                        BUILDING A DYNAMIC FUTURE
Improving Shareholder Returns
We continue to focus on initiatives that enable the Company to create value for our shareholders. In 2003, the Company established a goal of achieving a 15 percent ROIC by 2008 or sooner. For the 12 months ended December 31, 2004, ROIC was 12.0 percent compared with 11.1 percent in 2003. In both 2004 and 2003, the Company returned more than $1 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.
SHARE REPURCHASE
The Company has continued its active share-repurchase program; in 2004 approxi- mately 31 million common shares were repurchased and retired. During the first two months of 2005, the Company repurchased an additional six million shares of Company common stock (including approximately two million shares which were subsequently reissued for the long-term stock incentive award plan).
We believe that our shares continue to be attractively valued and, depending on mar- ket conditions and other factors, we expect to continue to be relatively aggressive in our share-repurchase program.
DIVIDENDS
In 2004, the quarterly cash dividend was increased to $.18 from $.16 per common share. This 12.5 percent increase reflects our favorable long-term outlook, strong bal- ance sheet and cash flow, and recent positive changes in the tax law. This marks the 46th consecutive year in which dividends have been increased.
 22 ~ Masco Corporation

                                        Corporate Responsibility
SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
In an effort to inform our shareholders of Masco’s economic, environ-
mental and social performance, in 2004 we published our first
Corporate Sustainability Report, which can be viewed on Masco’s web
site at www.masco.com. Sustainability is the concept that guides Masco
in measuring and continuously improving our performance with the
intent of ensuring that our business activities contribute to the well-
being of society and the environment. The report is intended to pro-
vide stakeholders with a balanced and reasonable picture of Masco’s sustainability practices, outcomes and activities.
GOVERNANCE
Independent Directors
In 2004, we continued to enhance our corporate governance through the addition of a new independent director, Dennis W. Archer, Chairman of Dickinson Wright PLLC, a Detroit-based law firm, former two-term mayor of the city of Detroit and former Associate Justice of the Michigan Supreme Court. His addition to the Board increased the number of independent directors from seven to eight. All members of the Audit Committee, Organization and Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee are independent.
Code of Business Ethics
To reinforce our commitment to ethical business practices, we are continuing to develop processes and systems to enhance our ability to communicate requirements, confirm compliance and train employees in ethical behaviors and expectations related to our Code of Business Ethics program. For example, in 2003 we installed a toll-free employee ethics “hotline” and introduced comprehensive Internet-based ethical and legal compli- ance training programs to our U.S. employees. We have translated our Code of Business Ethics into additional languages for distribution internationally, and are adapting our eth- ical and legal compliance training for our International operations.
 2004 Annual Report ~ 23
 
                                        BUILDING A DYNAMIC FUTURE
Future Outlook
We continue to view the future with excitement and optimism, and we expect continued improvement in both sales and earnings in 2005. In addition to the strategic initiatives outlined in this report, your Company continues to benefit from a broad offering of brand-name products and increasingly diversified installation services, new-product development and strong representation in all channels of distribution for our products.
Despite the market advantages that we have established and maintained, Masco con- tinues to face a number of challenges, including increasing commodity costs and pric- ing pressures and competition from certain import products.
Macro-economic factors, such as slower economic growth, relatively higher commod- ity, energy and freight costs, and anticipated increases in mortgage interest rates, may have a negative impact on our businesses. Nevertheless, we believe that our market leadership positions, our market share growth, our business mix of new construction and remodeling and our broad array of leading brand-name products and services will enable us to achieve another year of record sales and earnings in 2005.
We greatly appreciate the proven commitment, capabilities and enthusiasm of our over 60,000 employees who contribute to the achievement of our financial and oper- ational objectives. We look forward to their continued efforts as we strive to make 2005 another record year with sustained increases in returns to our shareholders.
Richard A. Manoogian
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Alan H. Barry
President and Chief Operating Officer
   24 ~ Masco Corporation
