                                                  Building Solutions
                                          To Our Shareholders:
We are pleased to report that, once again, Masco Corporation achieved record sales in 2005 and that our share price reached an all-time high early in the year. It is disappointing, though, to report that our 2005 earnings did not meet our initial expectations. After achieving record sales and income in 2004, it was our goal to continue that trend. However, in 2005, along with many other companies, we were adversely affected by significant and unanticipated increases in com- modity and raw materials costs.
Energy costs such as oil and natural gas reached record heights last year, compounded by the impact of the closure of several refineries due to the tragic Gulf Coast hurricanes. At the same time, the costs of raw materials including fiber- glass insulation, copper, resins and titanium dioxide (a key component of paint), also increased to unprecedented levels. We believe that we will offset a great majority of these cost increases by the end of the first half of 2006. The lag time in implementing selling price increases with larger customers in 2005, however, resulted in profit and margin loss this past year.
In addition to implementing price increases, we are addressing these escalating costs through restructuring, consolidation, manufacturing rationalization, headcount reductions and other profit improvement programs, including sourc- ing from emerging markets in Asia.
During 2005, we consolidated a number of our businesses to leverage synergies, share best prac- tices and reduce costs where possible. We also divested companies that did not fit strategically.
2005 Masco Corporation Annual Report 2 Building Solutions
Business consolidations, together with divesti- tures, have reduced our business units from 67 in early 2003 to less than 40 at year-end 2005.
While these initiatives resulted in additional costs and charges in 2005 and will result in costs and charges in 2006, we believe that these actions will have reduced annual costs by $200 million by the end of 2007 and will improve the Company’s long-term earnings outlook.
Going forward, we are greatly encouraged by the “Building Solutions” that Masco has devel- oped. Building Solutions is a strategy that is built on a unique value proposition that is end- user driven and focuses on continual differenti- ation based on understanding our customers and market opportunities. We continue to exe- cute our strategic plan by Building Solutions for our customers through innovative products, services and processes to increase shareholder value.
We are committed to growing with all of our customers by Building Solutions to meet their needs. Our added focus on the installation side of our business creates growth as we offer both products and installation services on a national scale for our builder customers. Our capabilities have expanded to allow us to offer paint, win- dows and cabinets as part of the installation process. Providing both our builder and retailer customers with consumer-desired products, as well as other value-added solutions such as consumer research aimed at converting shop- pers into buyers, remains a top priority.
 
                                         Building Solutions through innovation, we place great emphasis on new product and process development and have established incentive programs with additional funding towards this effort. You will see many of these outstanding new products later in this report.
We believe that over 90 percent of our sales are from products enjoying a leadership position in their respective market niches—providing our customers with the market and brand strength necessary to remain competitive.
We continue to focus on enhancing Building Solutions to increase shareholder value. In 2005, we returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through share repurchases (31 million common shares) and dividends. We also increased our dividend by 11 percent, making 2005 the 47th consecutive year in which dividends have been increased.
We recognize that in today’s highly competitive global economy, we must continually review our strategies and businesses to maintain an edge over our competitors and remain important to our customers. We are placing significant emphasis on growing our talent base, providing top-flight leadership programs to hone the skills and advance the capabilities of our future lead- ers. We are confident that we are building the right solutions and the right management team to further strengthen our leading positions in the global marketplace.
We are proud of the many achievements that our Company made in 2005. As we work to achieve our goals moving forward, we want to recognize the commitment and contributions of our more than 60,000 employees, who continue to play a vital role in Masco Corporation’s ongoing success.
Richard A. Manoogian Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Alan H. Barry
President and Chief Operating Officer
ALAN H. BARRY
President and Chief Operating Officer
RICHARD A. MANOOGIAN
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
   