 2
MARCH 2008
To Our Shareholders:
During Masco’s more than 75-year history, we have rarely witnessed more challenging times than the difficult economic environment we are currently experiencing. Companies throughout the new home construction and home improvement industries have been hit hard, including Masco. Even our repair and remodeling sales, which histori- cally performed well during new home construction downturns, are lagging as consumers defer major remodeling of their kitchens and bathrooms.
Throughout the year, we continued to take actions to mitigate the impact of deteriorating eco- nomic conditions. We significantly reduced costs
by divesting non-strategic businesses and consoli- dating plants and, over the past four years, have reduced the number of our operating units from 67 businesses in 2003 to 29 businesses currently. We continued to selectively invest capital in our businesses to maximize returns and, in the past 18 months, have lowered our headcount by 11,000 employees (22 percent of our North American work- force). We continued to introduce new products to build solutions for our customers. Even with these actions, our sales declined seven percent in 2007. In the past 51 years, this is only the second sales decline Masco has experienced.
brand portfolio positions us to compete at multiple price points across all distribution channels. In addition, our scale and our ability to generate and sustain strong cash flow give us the ability to main- tain and grow relationships throughout the markets in which we do business.
Over the past few years, Masco has signifi- cantly invested in customer service support for our major customers. We now have more than 1,000 full-time employees working with our retail and wholesale customers on merchandising, inventory management, promotions and training. Masco is able to customize our dedicated support to align with specific customer needs. For example, we have more than 200 kitchen design trainers whose main focus is supporting our retail and dealer custom- ers. This competitive differentiation and expertise uniquely position us to improve the consumer’s in-store experience.
Our distribution and installation capabilities are a significant competitive advantage. We provide industry-leading delivery to our retail, wholesale and homebuilder customers.
Masco is well positioned in all three of our key distribution channels. We provide both pre- mium and house brands to our retail customers. For the new home construction market, in addition to traditional wholesale and dealer channels, we
These challenging times, however, have
been the catalyst for further differentiating Masco
from our competition. We believe that Masco’s have a direct-to-builder model that allows us to sell unique market strength is the combination of four Masco products, third party products and installa- key factors – our scale, customer service support, tion services directly. To our wholesale and dealer distribution and installation capabilities and lead- customers, we provide merchandising expertise and ing brands – that continue to distance us from the product and sales training.
competition, even in difficult times. Perhaps most importantly, over the years
Masco Corporation 2007 Annual Report asco
Masco’s scale and broad product offerings Masco has developed a critical mass of leading are unmatched in the new home construction and brands that are well respected. Our brands create home improvement markets. The breadth of our and drive end-user demand in both the new home
M

  Timothy Wadhams
President and
Chief Executive Officer
Richard A. Manoogian
Executive Chairman
construction and home improvement markets. We leverage our collection of brands by taking advan- tage of the natural synergies that exist among them, and we continually support our brands through new product innovations. The cumulative strength of these key areas is the foundation of our Company and has enabled us to continue to solidify our position in the marketplace.
Even in this difficult economic environment, we were able to raise our quarterly dividend for the 49th consecutive year. We maintained a strong bal- ance sheet and also returned $1.2 billion to share- holders through share repurchases and dividends.
Our competitive differentiation, together with our more than 52,000 talented, dedicated
and committed employees worldwide, form a solid foundation for future success. In recent years, when we faced the retirement of a number of senior executives, the depth of our existing talent and our reputation as an outstanding employer allowed us to promote from within as well as recruit excep- tional talent from outside to join Masco. Today, with almost 75 percent of our senior management team new to their current positions within the last five years, we have developed a leadership team that will carry us into the future.
As we reflect on 2007, we would especially like to thank our former President and Chief Oper- ating Officer, Alan Barry, who retired at the end of 2007. We are all indebted to Alan for his dedication to Masco during his many years of service and for his guidance in helping to build the Company we are today.
In looking at 2008, the slowdowns in new home construction and in consumer spending con- tinue to negatively affect our business. We expect 2008 to be even more challenging than 2007. As a result, while forecasting future business conditions in the current uncertain economic environment re- mains challenging, we currently estimate that 2008 sales will decline high-single to low-double digits compared with 2007.
We are responding to today’s economy, while, at the same time, using our collective strength to build solutions for future growth. We are working to create a stronger Company, positioned
to benefit when the industry recovers. We continue to believe that our focus on developing and leverag- ing our collective strengths will result in significant benefits for our shareholders, customers, consumers and employees.
Richard A. Manoogian Executive Chairman
Timothy Wadhams
President and Chief Executive Officer
   3
o
