BUILDING SOLUTIONS FOR THE FUTURE
MARCH 2007
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
While Masco’s sales were up six percent in the first half of 2006, the second half of the year brought some of the most challenging economic conditions in our history, resulting in full-year net sales from continuing operations being up only two percent. During 2006, a year defined by lagging consumer confidence and commodity volatility, housing starts were down approxi- mately 13 percent, with most of the decline coming in the second half of the year. In fact, the housing starts run rate in late 2006 was over 20 percent below the comparable period in 2005. In addition, consumers increasingly decided to cancel or defer home buying and major remodeling projects.
We faced the challenges of 2006 head-on. Our strategy of simplifying and refining our portfolio of companies remained consistent. We main- tained our focus on strategic growth, reduced operating costs, continued to divest non-strate- gic businesses and simplified our organizational structure. Over the past three years, we have reduced the number of our operating units, through consolidations and divestitures, from 67 businesses in 2003 to 31 businesses currently.
We are proud that 2006 marked a milestone of 50 years of sales growth for Masco; our quarterly dividend was raised for the 48th consecutive year; and, we maintained a strong balance sheet with good liquidity. The Company returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through common share repur- chases (29 million shares) and dividends. Even though we achieved relatively high cash flow in 2006, we were disappointed that our earnings for the year did not meet our expectations.
We are in the midst of a dynamic and challeng- ing economic environment and expect 2007 to be even more difficult than 2006. While some economists believe that the new housing market is stabilizing and the downturn is nearing the bottom, others are less optimistic. Given recent business trends and excess inventories of unsold existing and new homes, we expect further declines during 2007 in total housing activity.
In 2007 we will continue to take tough and strategic actions. Consistent with our overall growth strategy, we will continue to manage the business for difficult short-term economic times by pursuing a variety of initiatives to offset cost increases and improve operating profit in the future. We will cut capital expenditures, and, by the end of the first quarter of 2007, we will have lowered our Company-wide headcount by 8,000 employees (16 percent of our U.S. workforce). Throughout the Company, we are restructuring to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in the supply chain and, at the same time, we are investing in systems and manufacturing capabil- ities for the future.
While the low point in housing starts may not be realized until sometime later in 2007 or 2008, we still believe that the long-term fundamentals of the industry are sound. In addition, our key retail customers continue to grow and expand into new markets. To meet future expected de- mand for our products, we are bringing new manufacturing facilities on line to better serve our customers. We are increasing global sourcing and improving synergies among our business segments. We continue to attract and retain highly- talented people who are able to apply their business knowledge within a highly competitive global industry. Masco will continue to invest in talent, training, innovation and systems to ensure that the Company’s foundation remains strong.
We consider 2007 as a transitional year and expect to resume our growth in 2008. While busi- ness trends will likely result in lower sales and earnings for 2007, we continue to believe that we will achieve our longer-term goal of creating shareholder value and improving our return on invested capital to approximately 18 percent by 2010. Although the current challenges facing the residential building and remodeling markets are numerous and complex, Masco is operating from a position of strength on many fronts, and we remain focused on building solutions for the future—for our customers, our shareholders and the Company.
2 | Building Solutions 50 Years of Sales Growth

   RICHARD A. MANOOGIAN
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Masco has the scale, size and expertise to customize our retail service approach to uniquely align with our large and growing strategic cus- tomers. We serve international markets from 18 different countries. Our dedicated retail service companies support our major home improve- ment customers in the U.S. and Europe. More than 1,000 Masco associates provide training and sales support for Big Box retailers, as well as kitchen and bath dealers. Additionally, Masco has the ability, through Masco Contractor Services (MCS), to go the last mile to almost any job site for our homebuilder customers across the country.
The extensive capabilities of MCS further differ- entiate us and provide a significant growth opportunity. MCS has relationships with 90 of the top 100 U.S. homebuilders. We source, distribute and install more than 20 different product cate- gories and install products in approximately one- half of all new homes built in the U.S. Currently, for each home in which we do work, MCS realizes average revenue of approximately $3,000 selling and installing insulation, cabinets, fireplaces, paint, windows, gutters, decorative hardware and other building products. In the future, MCS has the potential to grow that average per home revenue significantly. For example, we believe that average per home revenue could grow to approximately $20,000 if each new home were to include all of our current core products and services, including paint and windows.
In addition to strategic alliances with retailers and homebuilders, Masco is focused on giving the consumer more choices in styles and price points. Providing great selections and great
ALAN H. BARRY
President and Chief Operating Officer
products result in consumers choosing Masco brands. We believe that the majority of all new homes built in the U.S. contain Masco products and services and that more than 90 percent of our sales are from products and services enjoy- ing a leadership position in their respective markets. Our brands give consumers the designs, choices and quality they want when making important purchases that they may make only once in a decade, or even once in a lifetime.
The key to our future success is the strength of our more than 57,000 employees worldwide. We have the capability to manage the business for difficult short-term economic times and are pursuing a variety of initiatives to offset cost increases and improve operating profit in the future. We remain committed to organic growth, cash flow generation, improving return on in- vested capital and generating significant returns for our shareholders. While Masco’s culture has evolved, the founding principles that value indi- vidual initiative, innovative management, entre- preneurism and excellence remain unchanged. We believe that by the end of 2007, we will be an even stronger Company than we are today.
Richard A. Manoogian Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Alan H. Barry
President and Chief Operating Officer
      MascoCorporation2006AnnualReport | 3
