           To Our Shareholders:
During the last 10 years, Mattel has built a global toy company, boasting the most diverse and strongest portfolio of brands in the toy business, with the largest and most robust international footprint. Through disciplined and consistent management, we have stabilized and expanded the business, repaired the balance sheet and generated very significant cash flow.
At the same time, we have created the best play for our consumers, fostered a company and culture where the best want to work, and built a great place
for our shareholders to invest. Together, we have created the largest and most profitable toy company, with shareholder returns outpacing the industry and the S&P 500®1 over the last 10 years.
I’d like to share with you our vision for Mattel’s sustainable future success. I underscore the term “sustainable,” as we are in this
for the long-term by being conservative in how we approach managing the business, by taking sensible risk and by delivering sound, fundamental improvement.
We know brands. In fact, Mattel boasts two-thirds of the top 12 properties in the U.S. toy industry for the 2010 holiday
1 Information provided by STANDARD & POOR’S
2 The NPD Group/Consumer Tracking Services (Q4 2010)
season2, including Barbie®, Hot Wheels® and American Girl®. We are bringing our expertise in play to new and unexpected spaces, reaching kids and adults where they are and where they play today – like only Mattel can.
Our portfolio approach to brand management is key to making Mattel the destination for top entertainment brands. As you know, we recently added Toy Story®3, Thomas & Friends® and WWE® to our ever-expanding entertainment portfolio.
One of our greatest strengths is our ability to bring play to children around the world, with our International business representing more than
50 percent of gross revenues for many key brands, validating the progress we have made and the opportunity to move our overall contribution from International beyond 50 percent of sales.
Over the decade, we have demonstrated that we can grow
not only in established markets, but also in emerging and developing markets. How do we do it? We take a long-term view of our investment in those markets. We invest in
the infrastructure and building brand awareness, and establishing our brands as the aspirational brands in the market. This strategy will serve us well as the middle class continues to grow in Latin America, Eastern Europe and Asia.
This global success is based
on our ability to hire and retain the best talent in the industry by creating a company where employees want to work. We have just been recognized by FORTUNE Magazine for the fourth year in a row as one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For.” And for the third consecutive
year, we have been recognized as a leading corporate citizen by CRO Magazine.
And as important as any other accolade we receive, we are proud of the recognition of our unparalleled commitment to bringing play to children in need. We make a commitment every year to contribute 2 percent
of pre-tax profit to support philanthropic activities, whether it’s through our philanthropic partnerships with organizations such as Special Olympics or the Mattel’s Children’s Hospital UCLA, or through one-on-one volunteer engagement by our employees.
As the decade closed in 2010, Mattel had a very good year.
First, we delivered strong financial results,withrobust revenue growth across our portfolio of brands and markets. We sustained gross margins
of about 50 percent. We also successfully completed the first phase of our Global Cost Leadership program, all of which resulted in an operating margin of 15.4 percent, putting us, for the first time in several years, within our long-term goal of between

15 and 20 percent. Earnings per share grew 28 percent to $1.86.
We also performed well in the marketplace; sales of our products at retail grew nicely.
Our toys – from Barbie® and Ken®, the stars of Disney Pixar’s Toy Story®3, and toy-of-the-year Sing-a-ma-jigsTM by Fisher-Price to the sold out Monster High®
– were well represented on holiday “must have” toy lists and, most importantly, on children’s wish lists around the world.
We generated significant cash flow, which we deployed to create value for our shareholders by increasing the annual dividend to 83 cents per share – up
11 percent, and by repurchasing 18.6 million of our shares. In total, we returned about $700 million
to shareholders in 2010. And, earlier this year, your Board of Directors announced another increase in the dividend and began paying it quarterly.
For 2011 and beyond, I want
to frame our performance and future expectations around the concept of Total Shareholder Return, or TSR. TSR is the combination of share price appreciation and dividend payout, driven by three key factors:
profit growth; price/earnings
(P/E) multiple; and cash yield.
Let me walk you through the drivers of our TSR performance during the last decade and how delivering on our strategic priorities and long-term goals should enable us to build consistent, superior value for you, our shareholders.
Over the last 10 years, Mattel has delivered 9 percent annual TSR, consistent with the top third of S&P 500 performance.
(The S&P 500 index TSR was less than 2 percent.) Mattel’s 9 percent TSR was driven by 5 percent profit growth and 7 percent free cash flow yield, partially offset by a 3 percent reduction in the P/E multiple.
In the most recent five-year period, Mattel delivered 14 percent TSR, driven by 6 percent profit growth, free cash flow yield of about
6 percent, and an increase in the P/E of about 2 percent. This performance places us in the 90th percentile of the S&P 500. Our TSR performance in the last three-year period was very similar, but slightly better at
15 percent.
Our objective going forward is
to consistently outperform the S&P 500 benchmark and deliver top third to top quartile
Total Shareholder Return. Management’s compensation
is well aligned with this goal.
Every year you have
come to expect a word
or phrase that becomes our rallying cry for the year ahead. This year that word is “Accelerate.”
As we look to 2011 and beyond, we have three overarching global strategic priorities, all designed to accelerate our performance:
Deliver CONSISTENT growth by continuing the momentum in our core brands, by optimizing entertainment partnerships, building new franchises, and working to expand and leverage our international footprint;
BUILD on the progress we made on improving our operating margins through at least sustaining the gross margin and delivering another round of cost savings; and
Generate significant CASH FLOW and continue our
disciplined, opportunistic and value-enhancing deployment.
To further align Mattel’s senior leadership team with the company’s global strategic priorities, at the start of the year, we announced the appointment of Bryan Stockton, Mattel’s former President of International, to the newly created position of Chief Operating Officer. Bryan now oversees all the day-to-day operations of the business.
I am confident the office of
COO will bring focus to help accelerate innovation and growth across brands and markets,
and further leverage our scale and global structure as the world’s largest toy company.
Our fundamentals are strong, our management experienced and we are keenly focused on top tier TSR performance for our owners. While it’s been a fun and productive decade at Mattel, I’m confident that our best days are yet to come.
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
          