  one
To our shareholders
MATTEL EXPERIENCED SIGNIFICANT CHANGE DURING 2000 AND WE HAVE ALSO MADE PROGRESS TOWARDS RESTORING THE STRENGTH OF OUR BUSINESS.
  The most visible change occurred in the company’s leadership. In May, I joined Mattel as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer after spend- ing 23 years at Kraft Foods, most recently as Kraft’s President and Chief Executive Officer. After 10 months, I can say that I am truly delighted to have made the decision to join Mattel. It is a pleasure to work for a company with such incredible brands and talented people. Clearly, I believe we have a promis- ing future ahead of us.
I also am fortunate to have very skilled leaders as part of the senior management team.
In addition to Mattel veterans Adrienne Fontanella, President, Girls/Barbie; Matt Bousquette, President, Boys/Entertainment; Neil Friedman, President, Fisher-Price Brands, and Kevin Farr, Chief Financial Officer, we recruited three new executives who will help us strengthen our business and execute our growth strategy.
Joe Eckroth, our Chief Information Officer, came to Mattel in August from General Electric Company, and is leading our global information technology functions and e-business initiatives. As Executive Vice President of Business Planning and Development since November, Bryan Stockton, a 24-year veteran
of the food industry, is devoting his efforts to developing strategies that will help us refocus on our core toy business. And Tom Debrowski, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Operations, is a global manufacturing and logistics executive with 29 years of experience, primarily at The Pillsbury Company. He also joined us in November, and is responsible for overseeing our procurement, manufacturing and distribution functions. Both individually and collectively, these well-seasoned executives are experts in their fields who are focused on delivering outstanding results.

  two
  Our first priority as a management team was to articulate a vision that defined success for Mattel, and to establish strategies that would support that vision. Simply stated, our vision is to create and market “the world’s premier toy brands for today and tomorrow.” We intend to reach our vision by building brands, cutting costs, developing people and keeping our promises.
“Refocus” is the one word we chose to use on the cover of this annual report, because – in one word – it describes our mission going forward. Our new vision refocuses Mattel on its core business – toys; its core competency – building brands; its opportunity for global growth, and its leadership position with children and their parents.
Consistent with our strategy of returning to our roots, we sold The Learning Company in October to Gores Technology Group. The Learning Company was not a good fit with Mattel, and it quickly became clear that we did not need to own a software company in order to capitalize on the growth potential of the interactive games category. To ensure our continued participation in this impor- tant segment, in January of this year we forged worldwide licensing partnerships with two leaders in the interactive arena – Vivendi Universal Publishing and THQ. These partnerships are consistent with our brand building strategy, in which Mattel provides the content from its vast library of power brands,
while Vivendi Universal Publishing and THQ pro- vide software development and distribution expertise. As licensing agreements, these partnerships enable us to improve earnings as royalties grow, and require no capital investment. This strategy for extending into the interactive segment will provide attractive oppor- tunities for growth going forward.
For 2000, Mattel’s domestic sales increased
4 percent, while international sales declined 3 percent due to foreign exchange rates. In local currency, our international sales grew 6 percent for the year. Worldwide sales for our major brands increased across all divisions: Barbie grew by 5 percent; Hot Wheels was up 2 percent; American Girl advanced 7 percent, and Fisher-Price posted a strong 26 percent gain.
In the United States, the world’s largest toy market, sales within the Girls division grew 10 per- cent, led by 9 percent growth in Barbie and the suc- cessful launch of new products, including Diva Starz. Sales in our Infant and Preschool division grew 3 percent as strong core Fisher-Price perfor- mance offset weakness in licensed character brands. Our domestic Wheels business, which includes Hot Wheels, Matchbox and Tyco R/C, gained market share. However, sales fell slightly below year-ago levels as relatively high retail inventories were adjusted down throughout 2000.
As expected, our U.S. Entertainment business declined from record 1999 sales related to Toy Story 2

  three
  movie-related products. Additionally, we restruc- tured our relationship with Disney in 2000 to focus on infant and preschool products, which is a more profitable business for us. Finally, we introduced our Harry Potter products late in 2000, which registered strong sales during the holiday season, and we are optimistic about the potential of these products given the upcoming worldwide release of the first Harry Potter movie in the fall of 2001.
Looking at our international performance, our business in Europe, the world’s second largest toy market, grew slightly in local currencies, revers- ing a four-year decline. Latin America sales grew at double-digit rates for the year, led by exceptional performance in Mexico. Our Canadian business, benefiting from new strategies, also performed well to achieve nearly double-digit growth. While more work needs to be done to complete the turnaround of our international business, we are increasingly confident about our future, as second-half 2000 sales advanced 10 percent in local currencies, follow- ing two years of decline.
For 2000, worldwide income from continu- ing operations was $293.3 million or $0.69 per share, excluding restructuring and non-recurring charges, compared with $326.7 million or $0.76 per share in 1999. Including non-recurring charges, full-year earnings per share from continuing opera- tions were $0.40.
Throughout the company, we are increasing our focus on profitability and cost reduction. Our margins have deteriorated in recent years, and we intend to reverse that trend. To jump start our cost reduction initiative, we announced a financial realign- ment plan in September, which will achieve $200 million in savings during the next three years. Early progress is on-track with the established targets.
The deployment of our cash flow has also been scrutinized. As a result, 2000 capital spending was cut and we took the painful action of reducing the dividend paid to shareholders. The cash we save will be used to reduce debt, and thereby strengthen our balance sheet, providing substantial benefits to shareholders in the years to come.
Going forward, we will not only invest in our brands, we will also invest in our people. It takes talented people to innovate and execute better than the competition, and we are fortunate to have the very best employees in the toy industry. In order to achieve this objective, we recently launched a new, comprehensive Strategic Plan for Human Resources, a first in Mattel’s history.
We also added depth to the Board of Directors, with the election in 2000 of board mem- bers Eugene Beard and Ralph Whitworth, and the recently announced election of G. Craig Sullivan, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Clorox Company. The Board supports strong

  four
  corporate governance principles and management accountability for enhancing shareholder value.
Finally, focusing our efforts to ensure indus- try leadership for Mattel is paramount. Therefore, we are committed to helping improve the communi- ties we serve. We continue to advance our work with the Mattel Independent Monitoring Council (MIMCO), whose role is to develop standards for working conditions and to monitor the performance of our plants around the world in meeting those standards. In response to MIMCO’s recommenda- tions, we have made new capital investments in China. And our charitable support allows the Mattel Children’s Hospital at UCLA to continue its pioneering research while beginning construction of a new, world-class facility.
Looking ahead, we have four priorities for Mattel:
1. To strengthen core brand momentum in the U.S. and abroad;
2. To execute the financial realignment plan, and deliver the cost savings announced in September;
3. To improve supply chain performance and customer service levels; and
4. To develop our people, and improve our employee development processes.
I am honored to lead Mattel. When I joined the company in May, I committed to building our brands, cutting costs and developing our people.
We have subsequently turned those objectives into action, and have refocused the company on strategies that have historically provided top-tier returns to shareholders across the entire consumer goods sector.
We have defined success for Mattel and, most important, you have my unwavering commit- ment to achieving it.
Sincerely,
Robert A. Eckert
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
March 22, 2001
 