 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
The bad news for 1999 unfortunately has overshadowed the good news. We are all painfully aware of the negative effect the acquisition of The Learning Company and its subsequent perfor- mance had on our results for 1999. These well-reported difficulties obscured the fundamentally strong performance of Mattel’s core brands and sectors. In the seasonally important fourth quarter, core product sales were up 13 percent in the U.S. – Barbie grew by 11 percent and Fisher-Price by 14 percent. Mattel Entertainment was up 70 percent, Wheels recorded a world- wide sales increase of 6 percent and Pleasant Company achieved a 4 percent growth in sales. These solid performances represent a strong endorsement of Mattel’s strategy, and serve as the underpinning for our optimism for the future. This gives us confidence that Mattel remains a truly great company, with the very best people, a compelling underlying strategy and resources for sustainable growth.
OUR CORE BUSINESS: BRANDS AND MANAGEMENT
In February, the Board of Directors created the Office of the Chief Operating Officer comprised of the five presidents who are in charge of Mattel’s brands: Adrienne Fontanella for Barbie and Girls’ products; Matt Bousquette, Boys/Entertainment; Neil Friedman, Infant and Preschool including Fisher-Price; Bernard Stolar, Mattel Interactive; and Pleasant Rowland, Founder and President of Pleasant Company and creator of American Girl. We could not ask for five more talented individuals to lead the company’s operations at this critical time.
Mattel’s five business unit presidents include, left to right: Bernard Stolar, President, Mattel Interactive; Pleasant Rowland, President, Pleasant Company; Neil Friedman, President, Fisher-Price Brands; Matt Bousquette, President, Boys/Entertainment; and Adrienne Fontanella, President, Girls/Barbie.
1
 
  BARBIE AND GIRLS’ PRODUCTS
At $1.5 billion in annual sales, Barbie remains the most successful toy of all time. The 11 per- cent increase we saw for domestic Barbie sales in the 1999 fourth quarter demonstrates the success of a complete repositioning of the brand, the benefits of which will be further seen in 2000. Everything from logotype to packaging to the look and feel of the dolls themselves has been renewed and freshened to be more relevant to today’s girl.
All of this has been done under the direction of Adrienne Fontanella, who became President of the Girls’ business in March 1999 and has infused new life into Barbie, creating fresh enthusiasm for this 41-year-old classic. Adrienne joined Mattel in 1996 with responsibility for Barbie licensing and tripled that business in three years while positioning Barbie as a lifestyle brand. New for this year, she has taken Barbie to the categories of activity toys and electronics, and has expanded the girls’ business with new lines such as Diva Starz and Miracle Moves Baby.
2

 BOYS/ENTERTAINMENT
The Wheels category – which includes Hot Wheels, Matchbox and Tyco R/C – is our largest boys’ business at more than $750 million in annual sales. Our Wheels business has more than tripled in the last three years under the leadership of Matt Bousquette, President of Boys/Entertainment. Matt rejoined Mattel in 1995, having served in boys’ toys marketing in the 1980s.
He also leads our Entertainment category, which includes Nickelodeon, Disney, and our all- new Max Steel extreme sports action figure line tied to an animated series on Kids’ WB! Mattel Entertainment capitalized on the box office success of Toy Story 2 in 1999, and Matt and his team brought home one of the most sought-after licenses of all time earlier this year when Warner Bros. Worldwide Consumer Products named Mattel the worldwide master toy licensee for Harry Potter. Toys based on the best-selling books will debut later this year, and a more exten- sive line will be introduced in 2001, timed for the release of the first Harry Potter movie.
   
INFANT AND PRESCHOOL/FISHER-PRICE
The Fisher-Price brand, which has been a trusted household institution for generations, has
a vitality and appeal to parents beyond anyone’s expectations and remains the dominant preschool brand in the world at $1.6 billion in sales. Leading the strong momentum of this brand is Neil Friedman, who joined Tyco in 1995 from Universal Studios with 24 years of toy experience and came to Mattel with Tyco in 1997.
Neil’s career accomplishments include the phenomenal success of such products as Tickle Me Elmo and Bounce Around Tigger, and this year’s Fisher-Price line holds the same kind of promise. The new Fisher-Price Robotic Puppy, Let’s Pretend Elmo and Ask Me More Eeyore will steal the hearts of children all around the world. New technology is evident throughout the Fisher-Price line, and most notably in the Intelli-Table, which results from a
4
collaboration with Microsoft Corporation. This progressive early learning toy allows children to be exposed to computer applications away from the computer, and features motivating sounds, lights and activities that advance with a child from toddler to preschooler.
  
PLEASANT COMPANY
Mattel’s acquisition of Pleasant Company in July 1998 gave us a first-class business that has con- tinued to grow. Internet sales accounted for $15 million of this growth, which helped us reach our goal of $60 million for company-wide Mattel Internet sales in 1999. Pleasant Company has also capitalized on innovative concepts such as the American Girl Place retail store.
Pleasant Rowland, founder of Pleasant Company, has been Vice Chairman of Mattel while continuing as President of Pleasant Company. The American Girl brand, a beloved favorite of girls somewhat older than those who play with Barbie, appeals to the sensibilities of girls of that age in a way no other doll product can do. In addition, Pleasant Company, through its successful catalog operation, has propelled Mattel forward in the world of direct-to-consumer marketing.
MATTEL INTERACTIVE
Our weaker than expected overall results in 1999 primarily reflected problems with The Learning Company. This acquisition, which was undertaken to support a still-persuasive e-commerce and interactive strategy, coincided with a slowdown in CD-ROM sales, leading to inventory problems and discounting, which resulted in an operating loss totaling approximately $206 million, pre-tax, before restructuring charges. Nevertheless, our Mattel Interactive division has good potential based upon its technology, its market position and its brands such as Reader Rabbit, Carmen Sandiego, The Oregon Trail and The Print Shop, along with traditional Mattel brands like Barbie, Hot Wheels, Matchbox, Fisher-Price and American Girl. In February, at the American International Toy Fair in New York, we debuted an extremely well-received range of
   
 interactive products, including new IntelPlay introductions resulting from our partnership with Intel. As with last year’s very successful QX3 Microscope, the Digital Movie Creator and Computer Sound Morpher will allow children to see and do things they’ve never done before.
We are very pleased to have Bernard Stolar heading Mattel Interactive. Bernie became part of the Mattel family in January of this year, with a solid background in establishing and transforming interactive brands. Having helped launch Dreamcast for Sega and Playstation for Sony, Bernie is the right leader to establish Mattel as a player in the interactive arena.
STRATEGY
The growth strategy which Mattel has developed combines all of the company’s strengths
in order to cross-capitalize on our key attributes. Our strategy consists of three components.
6

 1. Direct-to-Consumer: Catalogs and Internet
We are enhancing our direct communication with the consumer through catalogs and the Internet. Mattel’s acquisition of Pleasant Company gave us unsurpassed expertise in direct-to- consumer marketing that is being applied to other Mattel brands. Last year we introduced a very successful Fisher-Price catalog and re-launched the Barbie Collector catalog, and there will be more catalogs to come in 2000.
As for the Internet, we have a Mattel shopping site that specializes in collector, cus- tomized, specialized and close-out product. But the real strength of our Internet strategy is in the individual sites linked through the main nexus of Mattel.com, where we are able to show- case our world renowned brands in ways that will also benefit the traditional retailer. The enthusiastic response to these brand sites is undeniable – Barbie.com, for instance, received 180 million hits this past December, and Hot Wheels.com had 78 million. The worldwide web is the perfect place to have a more direct relationship with the consumer.
2. Interactive
The second component of our strategy is to create a seamless connection between our valuable brands and new high quality, technologically sophisticated products. This approach predated our merger with The Learning Company, and we still regard this mission as sound and capable of creating a substantial contribution to our company’s growth and profitability. Just as our pur- chase of Pleasant Company gave us resources that we have leveraged across brands to enhance direct marketing opportunities, so too we will be able to use the knowledge and resources gained from The Learning Company.
3. Mattel International
The third pillar of our strategic approach is related to Mattel International. Mattel is dedicated to becoming a truly global company. To this end, two years ago we unveiled Mattel’s “market by market” approach to international growth, in which we adapt proactively to local tastes, economic conditions and pricing, rather than viewing the rest of the world as an extension of our U.S. strategy. Wheels was the first of our major categories to implement the new approach. Last year, Wheels sales grew 20 percent in international markets, and we expect to build further on that excellent start, applying this strategy to Barbie and Fisher-Price this year.
7
 
 As you know, the board is stewarding the operations of the company while conducting the search for a new Chief Executive Officer. Bill Rollnick now serves as Chairman and Ron Loeb
is acting CEO. We are working closely with John Vogelstein and Tully Friedman, who are the other members of the Executive Committee. The board’s loyalty to Mattel is strong, based on its deep connections with the company, and it is committed to playing its part in this period of significant change. We are extremely fortunate to have in place the five members of the Office of the Chief Operating Officer to execute our strategy properly, as we search for a permanent Chief Executive Officer to whom these executives will report. We also have an outstanding new Chief Financial Officer, Kevin Farr, who brings his many years of experience as Corporate Controller to his new position and will play a key role in the future of the company.
We want to express our thanks to the other executives who are helping to position Mattel to take advantage of its solid underpinnings. In particular, we want to thank Ned Mansour, who has helped shepherd Mattel through this recent period of change and will leave the company at the end of March, and Joe Gandolfo, who has led our manufacturing organi- zation for 10 years and will retire in April.
Strong brands, a strategic vision and the best people transformed Mattel from a dream 55 years ago to the $5.5 billion, Fortune 500 company it is today. The very same formula – terrific brands, a proven strategy, and effective implementation – will help the top toy, tech- nology, entertainment, education and family products company to regain its luster, and to pros- per for many years to come.
Ronald M. Loeb
Acting Chief Executive Officer
William D. Rollnick Chairman
March 17, 2000
Ronald Loeb, Acting Chief Executive Officer, left; and William Rollnick, Chairman
8
   