 to our shareholders:
2005 BROUGHT BOTH CHALLENGE AND SUCCESS.
The year 2005 was a year of mixed results. We had many successes, but we also faced our share of challenges with sales decreases in our Barbie® brand and pressures from external costs, including higher raw material and transportation costs driven by record petroleum prices.
Despite these challenges, there were some very bright spots in our portfolio, including record years for American Girl, Fisher-Price and our international business.
American Girl had its best year yet, growing 15 percent to more than $400 million in sales. Fueled by the success of Fisher-Price® Friends, and in particular Dora the Explorer,TM Fisher-Price continued to grow worldwide. International growth was driven by our success in the Asia-Pacific and Latin America regions. Additionally, the BatmanTM property proved to be more than just a box office hit, and gross sales in our Other Girls category grew 25 percent, led by new introductions that included Disney Cinderella, Pixel ChixTM and Winx.TM*
Despite the business challenges we encountered in 2005, we still generated $467 million in cash flow
from operations due to industry-leading net income and stable working capital. We also tightly managed capital expenditures. We utilized our cash to reward long-term investors, first by increasing the dividend by 11 percent to 50 cents per share, and second by taking advantage of what we believed was an undervalued stock price by spending $500 million to repurchase our shares. In fact, over the last three years, we have returned more than one and a half billion dollars to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. And we still ended 2005 with a strong balance sheet that included just about $1 billion in cash.
Earlier in 2006, we streamlined our workforce, primarily at our company’s worldwide headquarters, with the majority of the approximately 200 job reductions relating to the consolidation of the Mattel Girls and Boys Brands and Fisher-Price Brands divisions. This decision was an extremely difficult one, particularly considering the impact this action had on our employees and their families, but necessary to create a “One Mattel” structure and eliminate redundancies for a leaner, more agile organization.
The foundation is now in place, and we are ready to begin the next chapter in Mattel’s progress: WIN.
*Information required by SEC Regulation G regarding gross sales, a non-GAAP financial measure, appears on page 48 of the enclosed Mattel, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K
   
        
 our game plan
WE WILL WIN IN THE MARKETPLACE BY DOING THREE THINGS: ENHANCING INNOVATION, IMPROVING EXECUTION AND FURTHER CAPITALIZING ON OUR SCALE ADVANTAGE.
INNOVATION
We know it as technology, but what the child sees is pure magic. Mattel always boasts some of the most innovative
toys in the marketplace, and 2006 is no exception. Inspired by Barbie® doll’s sixth princess movie Barbie® in the 12 Dancing Princesses, the Let’s Dance! Barbie® doll allows girls to literally dance with Barbie.® When a girl wears a motion-sensor bracelet and shoe clip, the doll actually follows the girl’s dance moves.
My SceneTM Fab FacesTM doll has an innovative, movable face feature that allows girls to create fun expressions on the dolls’ faces like frowns, pouts, smirks and smiles.
Pixel Chix,TM which was launched last year, returns in 2006 with the Pixel ChixTM Love-2-ShopTM Mall. The more your Pixel ChixTM works, the more money she has to spend on all the cool things in the mall.
Since 1996, the big question of every holiday shopping season is always the same: “What’s the next Tickle Me Elmo?” In 2006, we are celebrating the tenth anniversary of Tickle Me Elmo with T.M.X. It’s so incredible that we’re keeping it a secret to be revealed September 20th on national television.
Mattel’s toy line supporting this summer’s Warner Brothers Entertainment, Inc. motion picture Superman Returns features role-playing toys that enable kids to demonstrate Superman’s epic powers. The SupermanTM
In April, American Girl Place® Los Angeles officially opens its doors. The 40,000 square-foot experiential retail site is located at The Grove, Southern California’s renowned shopping and entertainment destination. Like its sister stores in Chicago and New York, American Girl Place® Los Angeles will feature an array of engaging experiences, such as dining in the American Girl® Cafe or seeing a live musical in the American Girl® Theater.
EXECUTION
This is the basic backroom blocking and tackling. In 2006, we are continuing to focus on improving the efficiency of our supply chain by implementing Lean supply chain tools and methodologies, which reduce waste. We will also help retailers keep inventories clean, as they were in 2005. We’ve streamlined our sales force leadership in the U.S., fully staffed cross-functional business teams and developed customer account plans on a global basis to build retailers’ toy sales and profits.
SCALE
As the world’s largest toy company, we can realize significant cost savings when we make purchasing decisions based on a “One Mattel” philosophy. We are also focused on further tightening our supply chain through centralized e-procurement initiatives and the rationalization of our manufacturing and vendor sourcing.
 
  our values
HOW WE WIN IS JUST AS IMPORTANT AS WHAT WE ACHIEVE.
In order to win in the marketplace and win with employees, it is imperative that we have a strong foundation of values and a corporate culture that unites each of us to a common purpose. Last year, Mattel introduced a new set of values that were organic in nature as they were generated from within the organization, not from the top down. The theme revolved around what makes Mattel so unique in the marketplace: our core competency, play. At Mattel, we “play to grow” by seeking continuous improvements in the business and rewarding excellence. We “play together” through dynamic teamwork and collaboration. We “play with passion” by infusing unparalleled creativity and innovation into every aspect of work, loving what we do and having the courage to make a difference. We always “play fair” by treating others with dignity and respect and acting with integrity each and every day.
PLAY TO GROW
Turning the tide on the Barbie® brand is one of our key initiatives as we look to grow the company, but equally important is continuing to build our brands in the global market. In 2005, international gross sales were up 5 percent, primarily driven by our success in the Asia-Pacific and Latin America regions. As I have said on previous occasions, well-run consumer goods companies generally derive 50 percent of their sales from international markets. We are now well on our way to attaining this benchmark as international gross sales comprised 44 percent of our 2005 total gross sales, up from 31 percent just five years ago.*
PLAY TOGETHER
Combining the formerly separate Mattel Girls and Boys Brands and Fisher-Price Brands divisions
is an important step in playing together by creating an organizational structure that further facilitates best-practice sharing and teamwork. Playing together, however, goes beyond internal reporting relationships. For 2006, we are recommitting to foster industry-leading retail customer partnerships with a streamlined U. S. sales leadership team that emphasizes collaboration, cooperation, category expertise and win/win growth.
PLAY WITH PASSION
Few things speak to the values imbedded in our corporate culture more than the philanthropic works Mattel and its employee volunteers support around the world every day. We celebrated the much anticipated re-launch of the Mattel Children’s Foundation in 2005 with new programs that included global grant making for the first time in the Foundation’s history and exciting new community partnerships.
In 2005, Mattel donated approximately three million toys and the Foundation awarded 72 domestic and 34 international grants, funding programs in virtually every country in which we operate, including Mexico with funding for The Ser Humano Home, a home for children with AIDS that provides health programs, psychotherapy and education through theater; the United Kingdom with funding for Thames Valley Adventure Playground Association, which provides specialized playground equipment for children with disabilities; Australia with funding for the Starlight Children’s Foundation, which provides mobile entertainment units designed to wheel right up to hospital beds with the aim of providing a positive distraction to seriously ill and hospitalized children; and India with funding for the Pratham India Mumbai Initiative, which assists in creating libraries to enhance the reading and learning abilities
of economically underprivileged children in both rural and urban areas across Mumbai.
*Information required by SEC Regulation G regarding gross sales, a non-GAAP financial measure, appears on page 48 of the enclosed Mattel, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K
  
 
 PLAY FAIR
And when we win, we do it fairly. Since 1997, Mattel has been the acknowledged industry leader in establishing factory employee standards, monitoring compliance through independent audits and publicly reporting on our progress. In 2005, we began successfully transitioning workplace audits from the proprietary Mattel model to industry-wide standards, which are based on our own methodology. To date, more than 200 toy companies, retailers and manufacturing facilities have committed to following the International Council of Toy Industries CARE (Caring, Awareness, Responsible, Ethical) Process protocols for employee health, safety, working conditions and welfare. That means, regardless of the toy brand consumers buy, they can be assured that the employees who produced that product were treated fairly.
Your Board of Directors provides important oversight on what we achieve and how we achieve it. For the second year in a row, Mattel has again been recognized for its commitment to corporate governance and has received the highest overall global rating of 10 from GovernanceMetrics International (GMI), placing Mattel among the top 1 percent of more than 3,400 global companies. In March 2006, Dominic Ng, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, East West Bancorp, joined Mattel’s Board. Dominic is an accomplished global leader and we look forward to his contributions to Mattel.
We have a solid foundation, a straight-forward game plan and an organization committed to success. At Mattel, we play to grow, we play together, we play with passion and we play fair.
AND WE PLAY TO WIN, FOR YOU, OUR OWNERS. Sincerely,
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
  