 To Our Shareholders:
I am writing this letter having just completed one of my busiest months as CEO. February 2013 started with our fourth quarter and full-year 2012 earnings call, which was quickly followed by a formal presentation to the financial analyst community during New York Toy Fair and an extensive series of meetings with many of our investors across the country.
I ended the month meeting with my senior management team to discuss our future goals and how we can best achieve them.
In short, February gave me great perspective on how our consumers, customers and owners are viewing our business. It also helped crystallize what I need to do to continue to lead this great organization.
Having heard many different perspectives over the past few weeks, I believe it is safe to
say the overall response to our performance in 2012 has been quite positive. Consistent with that view, as I have mentioned before, my motto is to be “happy, but never satisfied,” and this describes my thoughts about the performance of Mattel in 2012.
As they do every year, consumers all around the world showed up for the holiday season, and Mattel was once again a big hit, as our brands
were well represented in their toy, video and consumer product purchases. This, in turn, pleased our retail partners and allowed us to deliver solid results.
In 2012, we had record sales, eclipsing $7 billion in total gross sales for
the first time. Additionally, we grew NPD share in both the U.S. and the Euro51. It also marked the fourth straight year where we had strong gross margins and tight cost management, which drove expansion of our adjusted operating margins. All of these achievements resulted
in adjusted EPS growth of 13%2, and our second consecutive year of generating more than $1 billion in operating profit.
With results like that, it should not come as a surprise that 2012 was also a strong year for our stockholders. We raised our dividend by 35%, paying an annualized dividend of $1.24. For the year, our stock price increased 32% and our Total Shareholder Return was 37% — putting us in the 86th percentile of the S&P 500®3.
In my 2011 letter, I laid out our four key strategies for delivering success and achieving our full potential: developing a plan for growth; structuring for growth; nurturing our talent; and accelerating innovation.
I believe we have made tremendous progress against these strategies.
1 NPD US Consumer Tracking Service, Euro 5 Retail Tracking Service.
2 Adjusted earnings per share excludes an $87.1 million after-tax impact on net income ($0.25 per diluted share)
related to a $137.8 million litigation charge taken in the fourth quarter of 2012. Adjusted earnings per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. The information required by Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation G regarding these measures is available on the “Investors” section of corporate.mattel.com under the subheading “Financial Information.”
3 Thomson Reuters; Total Shareholder Return measures stock appreciation and assumes reinvested dividends.

  “My motto is to be happy, but never satisfied.”
 2012 Annual Report 3 corporate.mattel.com

 Consider the following in 2013:
PLAN FOR GROWTH We aligned around a plan for growth that focused on growing our core brands, launching new franchises, optimizing our entertainment partnerships and expanding and strengthening
    our international footprint.
Our growth in 2012 was in fact
led by our own core brands and specifically the momentum from our Girls portfolio, which includes our latest franchise, Monster High®. While Barbie® continues to be the No. 1 doll property, in three short years Monster High has become the No. 2 doll property worldwide4. In fact, Monster High has now grown
to be a $1 billion brand at retail5.
Our other core girl’s brand, American Girl®, continued to excel and grew double digits in 2012.
Also in 2012, Hot Wheels® grew with its successful Team Hot Wheels® campaign and its focus on core vehicles, tracks and playsets.
Fisher-Price® continued its transition from a U.S.-centric business to a global brand leader with sales
growing faster internationally than in the U.S., as the brand continues to gain global traction. We also had great success in our Fisher-Price Friends division with the acquisition of HIT EntertainmentTM and its flagship Thomas & Friends® brand. This gave Mattel not only its fifth core brand, but full ownership of more properties in the Fisher-Price Friends portfolio.
We continued to see great success with our entertainment partners. Disney Princess® grew globally along with Jake and the Never Land PiratesTM. Batman® saw significant growth, driven by the summer movie release, and Disney Pixar CARS® and WWE® continued to deliver strong results as they remain evergreen properties.
Internationally, we grew 4% in a very challenging economic environment, which included strong currency headwinds. For the first time, Mattel achieved more than $1 billion in gross sales in Latin America. We also continued our growth in Asia, anchored by China and India, and grew our European region despite the many challenges the continent faced.
So, you can see, we are making solid progress against our growth plan. While having a plan to grow is certainly important, let me comment briefly on our other three key enablers: structure, talent and innovation.
  4 NPD US Consumer Tracking Service, Euro5 Retail Tracking Service.
5 Mattel Financials.

 STRUCTURE FOR GROWTH In 2012, we successfully reorganized our business structure into the Global Brands Team/North America Division model, which was outlined in last year’s letter.
Our Global Brands Teams now focus more of their creative energy on growing our brands globally, while our North America Division now focuses on planning more closely with our retail customer base. I believe this new structure was a critical piece of our strong financial performance: global revenues were up, gross margin was up and inventories were lower for both Mattel and our domestic retail customers.
NURTURE OUR TALENT We also made great strides building our talent base in 2012.
During the year, we added or rotated some outstanding leaders to our executive team. In February, we promoted Jean-Christophe Pean,
a proven leader in our international business, to lead the transition of our U.S. operations into the North America Division. In April, we announced the promotion of Jean McKenzie, an experienced Mattel and Disney executive, to run our American Girl business upon the retirement of Ellen Brothers. In September, we announced the hiring of Jessica Dunne, a veteran Disney licensing executive, to head up our consumer products business.
ACCELERATE INNOVATION Finally, let me touch briefly on innovation, the lifeblood of the toy business.
In 2012, our products and brands continued to resonate with our consumers. For the year, we had
six of the top 20 toys sold in the
U.S. and managed five of the top
10 properties6. Our consumers and our retail partners count on Mattel
to bring fun, creative and innovative ideas and products into the marketplace each and every year. Our innovation wasn’t just focused on toys as we had incredibly creative innovations in advertising, marketing and retail executions around the world. We continue to work to enhance our culture of innovation and growth where our employees have the opportunity to reach their full potential and where parents, grandparents and kids around the world can engage with our brands
in a safe and fun way.
                                                                             6 NPD US Retail Tracking Service.
  2012 Annual Report 5 corporate.mattel.com

 Visit us online at
corporate.mattel.com
to find out more about our global initiatives.
In addition to delivering strong overall financial performance, we also made important investments in the Company’s future. For example, we acquired HIT Entertainment, opened three new American Girl stores, established a subsidiary in Russia and expanded our digital capabilities to help our brands engage with consumers. We also made investments in our infrastruc- ture, including improvements in
and expansion of our manufacturing and IT capabilities to improve productivity and enable growth.
Looking to the future, I am optimistic about our plans for 2013. We remain bullish on the toy industry and continue to see growth opportunities. I believe we have laid a great foundation to grow our business
in an industry that has significant room to expand globally.
We plan to grow our brands long term, whether core, franchise or our partner brands, in the U.S. and even faster outside of the U.S. We have yet to realize the full potential of the Fisher-Price brand around the globe. Our Girls portfolio, which we believe is the most competitive and attrac- tive in the toy industry, has great momentum. We’re excited about
the global potential of our second new franchise, Max Steel®, and we will launch its toy line this Fall. We also are excited by the many more creative franchises to come.
Today, our International business
is about half of our sales and we believe it has the potential to grow to 60%. HIT Entertainment gives us not only the classic brand Thomas, but also the opportunity to leverage strong heritage brands like Bob the Builder® and Fireman Sam®, and
the opportunity to introduce new properties like Mike the Knight® around the world. New digital platforms should help us to deepen consumer engagement with our brands globally. The potential for our new leaders to drive our business to even higher levels is energizing.
Maybe what excites me most as I look to the future is that I strongly believe we have the best people in the toy business. Yes, I know I may not be impartial here, but our ability to attract and retain the best talent in the industry is a great asset
for Mattel. I am happy to say that, for the sixth year in a row, Mattel was ranked among FORTUNE
Magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work For.” Also, in 2012,
we launched our fourth Global Citizenship Report, “We Believe Play Matters,” which highlights Mattel’s commitment to operating as a responsible member of the global business community. Underscoring our efforts, Mattel was recently listed among the “World’s Most Ethical Companies” for 2013 by Ethisphere Magazine. Mattel employees around the world contribute daily to these efforts, embodying the company values to Play with Passion, Play Together, Play to Grow and Play Fair.
To wrap things up, I want to take
a moment to recognize and thank Bob Eckert for his 11 years of service to Mattel as its CEO and his 12 years as Chairman. The transition between Bob and me has been very smooth, thanks to Bob’s leadership and support. He will be missed and we wish him well.
We also transitioned leadership
on the Board of Directors with the retirement of Tully Friedman. Tully was an outstanding member of the Board of Directors for 28 years and served as independent Lead Director for almost five years. With Tully’s retirement, Chris Sinclair, a member of the Board of Directors for 15 years, has been elected by the Board to serve as its indepen- dent Lead Director. Craig Sullivan also left the Board of Directors last May and I want to thank him for his contributions to Mattel.

      “We remain bullish on the toy industry and continue to see growth opportunities.”
  2012 Annual Report 7 corporate.mattel.com

 