  For nearly seventy years, Mattel has been inspiring imaginations, fueling the innovative spirit and creating the future of play for millions of children around the world.
Today, Mattel, Inc. and its family of companies comprise the world’s largest toy company with a strong portfolio of brands and toys that children and their parents have cherished for generations. Our portfolio includes some of the most iconic toys of all time, from Barbie® and Hot Wheels®, to American Girl®, Fisher-Price® and Thomas & Friends®. Parents trust Mattel to deliver hours of fun for their children, and our shareholders trust us to bring long-term value to their investment.
We are proud to be a leader in the toy industry,
which we believe is healthy at $80 billion globally and 5% annual growth.1 In the next five years, the global population is expected to grow by 400 million, including a dramatic socioeconomic shift that will see more than 250 million new families join the middle and upper classes.2 Per capita spending data also suggests tremendous opportunity in emerging markets when compared to mature markets like the U.S. and Western Europe. For example, today in India, spending per child on toys is $1 compared to $280 in the U.S.3 From an industry perspective, there is considerable room for growth and much to be optimistic about as we look to the future.4
1. Euromonitor
2. Euromonitor
3. Euromonitor
4. Mattel internal analysis
5. Mattel Financials; Mattel internal analysis 6. Mattel Financials; 2012 adjusted EPS
7. Mattel internal analysis
Mattel led the toy industry with $7.1 billion in gross sales in 2013, and had more than $900 million in net income, nearly 30,000 employees in offices across 40 countries and territories and products for sale in more than 150 markets.5 In 2013, we delivered our fourth consecutive year of growth with sales up 1% worldwide and our fifth consecutive year of EPS growth, with an increase of 4%. Our gross margin increased to 53.6% up from 53.1%, the fifth straight year at or above 50%.6
Importantly, we also returned nearly one billion dollars to shareholders in 2013 in the form of dividends and share repurchases.7
In 2013, we invested in a number of areas to help us plan and structure for growth, including ongoing strategic investments in emerging market infrastructure, like China and Russia, as well as new American Girl stores and strategic IT systems. We were also successful in the development of new franchises and innovations in our core brands, particularly in our girls portfolio, which boasts the top four doll franchises in the world—Barbie, Monster High®, Disney Princess® and American Girl.
2013 Annual Report
MATTEL, INC.
           Bryan G. Stockton
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
   
MATTEL, INC.
2013 Annual Report
 The new Ever After High® fashion doll franchise, which will continue to roll out globally in 2014, got off to a good start in 2013 with strong early engagement metrics showing girls spending an average of 20 minutes with our content each time they visit the website.8
the chance to customize their own Hot Wheels car, and with the new and improved Barbie Dream House®, which was the No. 1 Barbie product during the holidays.11
Our international business continued to grow, particularly in emerging markets, with sales nearly tripling in Russia and nearly doubling in China. We are succeeding in these emerging markets through our approach to first gather insights into what connects best with moms in each location and then develop localized campaigns to engage and drive consumers to purchase.
Executing against our growth strategies goes hand- in-hand with our focus on how we are addressing the dynamic nature of our industry. Last year was clearly a transformative year for the toy industry— and for retail as a whole—as shifting consumer behavior brought about an acceleration of change in the retail landscape.
The consumer path to purchase continues to evolve
in 2014 with many more touch points today than there have been in the past. Kids and parents are consuming content in different and diverse ways, requiring a far more nuanced approach in order to convert consumer engagement to sales. Yet we also know from research that traditional toy play time has so far remained consistent despite the evolution of digital play. What
we learned from 2013 is that we need to deepen our connectivity at each touch point along the path and
be more focused on consumer engagement and conversion across all of our platforms.
     For American Girl, sales across all channels grew in 2013, driven by great products and an effective omni- channel marketing and sales strategy.9 American Girl bucked retail trends, expanding its brick-and-mortar footprint while still achieving incredibly high online sales numbers—the highest in the brand’s history. New store economics are strong, nearly doubling the revenue in a given market and bringing in between 50-60% new customers to the brand.10
We continued to innovate within our core brands with products like the Hot Wheels Car Maker, which pays homage to a classic toy with a modern twist, giving kids
                             2
8. Mattel internal analysis
9. Mattel internal analysis 10. Mattel internal analysis 11. Mattel internal analysis
top 4 doll franchises in the world

  2013 Annual Report
MATTEL, INC.
           Our integrated approach to digital engagement continues to extend our brands and deepen the connection with moms and children alike, placing Mattel in a strong position to both adapt to and benefit from changing consumer behavior. Collectively, more than 35 million Facebook® fans are liking, sharing, commenting on and exploring content across our pages.12 Our YouTube® videos have more than one billion views and more than 60 million people have downloaded our mobile applications.13 Our digital eco-system is incredibly strong, as we have become a trusted source for compelling and engaging content. Next, our objective in 2014 is to further leverage our more than one billion digital consumer touch points across all channels to further drive sales.
In the toy business, we also know that when you innovate, you grow; therefore, a core component of our growth strategy is to ensure our products, marketing and content continues to evolve to meet consumers when and where they want to engage with us.
This imperative is evident throughout all of our
brands, and forms the foundation for how we intend to strengthen our business in 2014 and beyond, with a number of new product innovations and brands coming to the marketplace.
12.Mattel internal analysis 13.Mattel internal analysis 14.Mattel internal analysis
We continue to have strong relationships with our entertainment partners and have some exciting launches lined up for 2014. We will partner with Marvel® to launch a co-branded range of Hot Wheels cars and action sets, and will take vehicle play to a galaxy far, far away through a new partnership with Star Wars®, which will lead to the creation of a whole range of Hot Wheels co-branded cars and action sets from the universe of Star Wars targeted to kids of all ages.
Another key pillar of our global growth strategy is
the launch of new brands—either through organic development or strategic acquisition. In 2014 we will be crossing into some exciting frontiers in our boys portfolio. For the first time in a decade, we are entering a new category with the launch of BOOMco.TM, a line
of toys that promises to engage and excite kids in high- energy, physical play. This move will extend Mattel’s reach into the approximately $700 million global blaster category.14 Earlier this year, we also announced our intent to enter the growing construction toy category
by agreeing to acquire MEGA Brands Inc., the No. 2 player in construction. Our strategy is that upon closing, this acquisition will allow Mattel to use our scale and global platform to create growth opportunities for all
our brands.The acquisition also creates the exciting opportunity to grow MEGA Brands considerable RoseArt® arts & crafts business.
              3

MATTEL, INC.
2013 Annual Report
 At Mattel, we are incredibly proud of our world-class brands, our global marketplace and our long-standing customers. And while these are powerful elements of our growth strategy, they are not what make Mattel the global leader in our industry. At our core, Mattel is one of the most creative companies in the world for one reason and one reason only: our talented, dedicated and creative workforce focused on creating the future of play.
I believe we employ the best people in the toy business, and our ability to attract and retain the best talent is the most important asset we have at Mattel.
I also know that our people care deeply about the world in which we operate. Together in 2013, Mattel and our employees made a difference in the lives of more than five million children around the world. More than 10,000 employees donated more than 120,000 hours of volunteer time to better the lives of children in need.15 Our Mattel Children’s Foundation® donated more than $21 million dollars last year to support causes around the world—from helping to eradicate pediatric AIDS to supporting after-school programs
in various U.S. inner cities.16 Giving back to our community is a part of who we are, and it is another powerful example of our commitment to bringing smiles to the lives of children around the world.
In addition to actively supporting the communities in which we operate, Mattel is also a committed partner in bettering our environment. In 2013, Mattel was named one of the “World’s Most Ethical Companies” by Ethisphere Magazine and was ranked No. 2 on Corporate Responsibility Magazine’s “100 Best Corporate Citizens” list. In 2012, we set sustainability
goals to reduce the environmental impact of our business and continued to make progress toward limiting our impact on the environment this year. For example, to reach our goal of improving packaging efficiency by 5% by 2015, we have identified and begun work on opportunities to reduce the amount of packaging used across our brands.
Also in 2013, we selected projects from our facilities around the world that will help us achieve our overall sustainability goals, from Brazil to China to the U.S., allowing us to reduce waste, improve efficiencies, decrease carbon emissions and promote a culture of sustainable growth. We believe that sustainability can be good for business, good for the environment and, simply, is the right thing to do.
In all that we do, day in and day out, my colleagues around the world never forget why we come to work each day—to create great play experiences that develop creativity, fuel imaginations and ultimately foster the innovative spirit in millions of children around the world.
In closing, I want to thank all of you, our shareholders, for your ongoing support and belief in Mattel. We are proud to have you as members of the Mattel family, and we thank you for your support as we work to create the future of play for generations to come.
      Sincerely,
Bryan G. Stockton
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
 4
15.Mattel internal analysis 16.Mattel internal analysis
