          TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Regardless of industry or circumstance, 2008 was a most challenging year. The myriad issues that affected the global economy impacted everyone: Mattel’s investors, employees and our supply chain partners. While Mattel’s performance was clearly below expectations in 2008, we did make progress on several strategically important fronts, which should augur well for your company once the economy and consumer spending stabilize.
In 2008, consumer spending for discretionary items – like toys – slowed considerably, and our retail customers tightly managed their own inventories as the global recession continued to deepen. Mattel’s revenues declined 1 percent for the year, with the entire decline attributable to the holiday season as sales fell 11 percent during the fourth quarter. We experienced sales shortfalls across most of our brands and throughout many of the countries we serve. Lower sales, combined with higher costs, resulted in earnings per share of $1.05, which compares to $1.54 in 2007; not a good year.
On the encouraging side, the toy industry performed relatively well in 2008 compared to other categories, as it has done during previous times of recession. And, for the full year and in the all-important holiday season, we outperformed the competition and increased our share of U.S. toy sales.
As we close a most difficult year, it is important to recognize a
few bright spots. First, American Girl® achieved record revenues. The team’s success is a testament to prudent retail expansion and terrific marketing.
Additionally, our creative teams continue to display industry-leading innovation, and as a result, we have been awarded new toy licenses for World Wrestling Entertainment’s WWE®, Disney/Pixar’s Toy Story and HIT Entertainment’s Thomas & FriendsTM, which will help the company grow in 2010 and beyond.
Our product quality and our oversight of vendor manufacturers have improved. And lastly, we are winning the ongoing MGA Entertainment litigation in which we have won (among other things) a unanimous jury verdict against MGA and its CEO. While this has been a long and expensive process, it is important to defend our business on principle and expose a competitor’s wrongdoing.
In looking at 2009, the year will bring much excitement,
but also obstacles. We will need to roll up our sleeves and be disciplined in our execution throughout the coming months.
The theme of this year’s report is “Deliver.” Companies that deliver improved execution during the tough times will be the ones best positioned to capitalize on the economic turnaround, which will most certainly occur.
To deliver, we aim to improve execution across the supply chain and throughout the company by realigning our infrastructure; trimming our number of stock keeping units (SKUs); and reducing capital spending by doing only business-critical projects and doing them exceptionally well. The result should be improved cash flow, which we intend to deploy to increase cash balances, lower debt and continue to reward shareholders, primarily through dividend payments.
To be successful in 2009, we also need to continue to bring magic to the lives of children through innovative new toys, as well as the revitalization of our classic and time-honored brands. This year,
we are celebrating an incredible milestone for the Barbie® brand. For five decades, Barbie has inspired girls of all ages to dream, discover and celebrate their girlhood. With 108 careers and counting, Barbie is a constant reminder that girls can be whoever they want to be. And 2009 represents a new chapter in the
Barbie brand’s history – one which will be our most exciting ever to add to the Barbie legacy.
As corporate responsibility continues to play a central role in
how we operate, we are enthusiastic about the publication of our third Global Citizenship Report, which will focus on our efforts to create safe and high-quality products, ensure that employees throughout our supply chain are treated fairly and achieve progress on the management of our environmental impact. And we’ve been recognized for our efforts by CRO Magazine which named
Mattel #7 on its 2009 “100 Best Corporate Citizens” list.
In economic downturns like this, charitable organizations are squeezed by greater demand for services. While our giving amounts will be impacted in 2009, our commitment to giving back remains firmly intact through grantmaking and toy donations, as well as our employee volunteer and brand-specific programs.
In order to manage successfully through difficult times, it is important to have an engaged workforce. I am extremely proud that, for the second consecutive year, FORTUNE Magazine has named Mattel to its “100 Best Companies to Work For” list, moving up 22 spots to rank among the top 50 best employers in the U.S.
Moving forward, our vision is unchanged: “The World’s Premier Toy Brands – Today and Tomorrow.” Our agenda is clear:
deliver improved execution to position the company for the future. Our promise is simple: reward investors, run the business well and responsibly, and make kids’ lives fun.
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 