  To Our Shareholders:
     am excited to be Mattel’s sixth Chief Executive Officer in 67 years, and honored to continue the legacy of such visionaries as Mattel founders Ruth and Elliot Handler; Herman Fisher and Irving Price, the name- sakes of Fisher-Price; Pleasant Rowland, founder of American Girl; and Reverend W. V. Awdry, creator of Thomas & Friends®.
First and foremost, I would like to acknowledge and thank Bob Eckert for his tremendous contributions to the company during the last decade. Bob is a great business partner, friend and mentor, and I am fortunate to still be working closely with him as he remains Chairman of the Board.
Looking back on 2011, it was
a year of some significant challenges. Most notably, the retail environment continued to be cautious throughout 2011 due to retailers’ concerns about consumer spending in the uncertain global economic
environment. The year proved to be a transition period for Fisher-Price with the expiration of the Sesame Street license and our strategic re-positioning of the brand.
We managed our business accordingly as these challenges played out during the year. We maintained momentum in our core brands, such as Barbie®, Hot Wheels®, American Girl® and our new brand franchise, Monster High®, as well as with key entertainment properties, such as Disney Princess® and CARS 2®. As a result, 2011 marks our third consecutive year of solid performance: revenues and operating
income grew by 7% and 15%, respectively; our portfolio of brands performed well around the globe; Point of Sale (POS) grew nicely; and we gained category share according to NPD’s most recent data. In fact, Mattel had four of the
top five properties for the 2011 holiday season.1
 1 NPD Data, US Toy Industry, Q4 2011
 3

 In 2011, we continued to build on our operating margin im- provements by delivering gross margins consistent with our long-term target of about 50% for the third year in a row and leveraging Mattel’s scale. Mattel remained disciplined
and generated approximately $665 million in cash flow from operations, which the Board of Directors deployed consistent with our focus on increasing Total Shareholder Return (TSR). We also invested
in our portfolio of
intellectual properties
by acquiring HIT Entertainment, the
home of such iconic
brands as Thomas & Friends, Mike the KnightTM, Angelina BallerinaTM, Bob the Builder® and Fireman SamTM.
We continued to drive our focus on the power of play through Corporate Responsibility. In its second year, the award-winning Mattel 12 Days of PlayTM pro- gram embodies a creative approach to giving with Mattel employees worldwide foregoing holiday parties to create extraor- dinary, magical play experiences for underserved children around the world. And on the sustain-
ability front, we announced the Mattel Sustainable Sourcing Principles, which will advance the use of sustainably-sourced paper and wood fiber in our packaging and products.
All in all, we are proud of Mattel’s performance in 2011!
All in all, we are proud of Mattel’s performance in 2011!”
Effective with this year’s stockholder meeting, Tully M. Friedman, a 28-year Mattel director, and G. Craig Sullivan, an 11-year Mattel director,
will retire from Board service.
I want to personally thank
Tully and Craig for their years of service to Mattel and for their thought-leadership during their tenures. In the wake of Tully’s and Craig’s retirements,
the Board has elected
Dirk Van de Put, president
and chief executive officer of McCain
Foods Limited, and Trevor A. Edwards, vice president of global
brand and category management of NIKE,
Inc., as Mattel directors. We look forward to the
global insights and experience Dirk and Trevor will bring to the Board.
Lastly, as we look back on 2011, we were saddened
by the loss of Elliot Handler. Elliot was one of the founders of Mattel along with his
wife, Ruth. Elliot leaves behind a legacy that we will continue to build upon – to bring joy
to children and parents around the world.
     4

  2011 ANNUAL REPORT
     Since I was appointed CEO, there are a handful of core questions that I am asked repeatedly:
• What will remain the same?
• What’s going to change now
that you are CEO?
• How does Mattel plan
to achieve its vision?
What will remain
the same?
One thing that will remain the same is our commitment to achieving consistent growth and financial performance
— this means Mattel will continue to strive to be a very well-run consumer goods company. We’ve delivered a strong three-year trend of margin expansion, cash flow, earnings and share price growth, as well as disciplined capital deployment, all of which have resulted in strong TSR gains. We’ve also accelerated our sales growth in the past two years. Mattel will continue to be a company that can weather economic storms — not only boasting the best brands, but also the industry’s most expansive global sourcing, manufacturing and distribution organizations, and a best-in- class commercial country and customer management system. When you look at our portfolio of brands and countries, the discipline of our strategies and the quality of our organization, we’re well-positioned for
future growth.
Having said all of this, one thing I have learned from my 11 years
at Mattel is that the toy industry is always changing — I call it the “continuity of change.”
In the last decade, we’ve seen changes in the retail landscape as retailer strategies have evolved and online shopping has become a significant channel of distribu- tion for toys. Countries and economies are ever-changing. The burgeoning middle class in Latin America and certain parts of Asia is creating a whole new generation of toy-buyers. And children are always changing.
I know this from comparing how my own kids played with how my granddaughter plays. The play patterns are similar between the generations,
but today’s toys need to keep pace with rapid changes in technology, fashion preferences and cultural trends. Mattel
is always changing and evolving too, which has helped us to remain the world’s No. 1 toy company.
What’s going to change now that I am CEO?
One of my guiding principles in life is “to be happy, but never satisfied.” This is the approach I am taking in my new role at Mattel.
    5

I am very happy with the current state of our business. We have ...
• Phenomenal brands
• A highly-successful franchise
launch with Monster High
• A great acquisition with
HIT Entertainment
• Strong entertainment partners
• An incredible global
infrastructure
• An organization that is
never satisfied and
• Standout results
With that said, I want Mattel to achieve its full potential in the marketplace. These existing components of our business set the stage for great opportunity to drive our performance and
to do even better.
How does Mattel plan
to achieve its vision?
We remain focused on four keys to delivering success and achieving our full potential: plan for growth; structure for growth; nurture our talent; and accelerate innovation.
1 | Plan for Growth
Our plan for growth has four components: grow our core businesses, both brands and countries; launch new brands, like Monster High; optimize our
entertainment partnerships by living our credo partner with the best and be the best partner; and expand and strengthen our international footprint.
Our core brands are strong. For the second year in a row, Barbie gained NPD share and continued its five-consecutive- year reign in 2011 as the No. 1 property in the toy industry
for the holiday season.2 Consumers responded well to the innovations in Hot Wheels with Wall TracksTM, and American Girl reached a major milestone, hitting the half-billion-dollar sales mark. And we are making great progress with Fisher-Price. When it comes to new franchises, Monster High is performing beyond anyone’s expectations, having been launched in more than
35 countries.
Our proven leadership in brand management — whether it be a 50-year-old iconic brand like Barbie or an up-and-comer like Monster High — combined with our global reach, makes us the strategic partner of choice for anyone owning toyetic intellec- tual property. The business is
growing and entertainment currently comprises about a quarter of our total revenues. Mattel manages a diverse and evergreen entertainment portfolio, and we treat these entertainment licenses like our own brands — we constantly innovate the product and work with our customers to maximize their global reach. That is why you see such strong evergreen brands in our portfolio, like CARS®, Disney Princess,
Toy Story®, Mickey Mouse® Clubhouse, Batman®, WWE® and Dora the Explorer®. These properties are consistently on toy shelves around the globe.
Our Latin American business has reached the “sweet spot” where growth and scale intersect. The business achieved a major milestone in 2011, growing 14% and almost reaching the $1 billion sales mark. Asia had another solid year of performance, and we are particularly pleased with the development of our businesses in China and India. Both countries represent examples of patient and disciplined investments in brands and infrastructure to create a strong foundation for future growth.
     2 NPD Data, US Toy Industry, Q4 2011
 6

 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
             “Mattel is a company of outstanding brands, people and values.”
      7

2 | Structure for Growth
The second component of
our strategy is to structure
for growth. During 2011, we created a new North America Division and Global Brand Teams. This new structure recognizes the opportunity to move decision-making for the U.S. business closer to the retail customer and our toy consumers. Additionally, it gives our brand teams the ability to approach the business and creative process more globally, recognizing the growth potential outside the U.S. as more consumers join the middle class in Latin America, Eastern Europe and Asia.
3 | Nurture Our Talent
The third component of our strategy is to nurture our talent. The toy industry is very cre- ative; therefore, we recognize that even with the best brands in the industry, people drive the results. Because of the short product development cycle and the need to create hot new toys every year, great talent has the ability to quickly and significantly impact the business. Mattel is fortunate to have world-class talent across all functions and geographies,
and we are well-positioned to continue to attract and retain the best talent. In fact, in 2012, Mattel was again named among FORTUNE’s “100 Best Companies to Work For” — our fifth year in a row. To succeed in some of the new category growth areas, we will continue to develop our existing
talent by focusing on skills training, sound resource allocation and global assignment opportunities to better develop our leaders. Recognizing the fast pace of change in brand management, toy technology and the digital world, we will need to grow the creative and business leaders of tomorrow, and we are committed to that end.
4 | Accelerate Innovation
The fourth and final component of our strategy is to further develop a culture of innovation at Mattel. Over the last decade, our culture has evolved successfully; but like all
great companies, we need
to continue this evolution of our culture in order to remain competitive. Mattel’s continued success will be based on finding the optimal balance between continuity and
change, and we need to keep pace with where the industry and kids are going. We will do this by leveraging our brands, insights, creativity and know- how across all divisions and geographies — something we call “One Mattel.”
Mattel is a company of out- standing brands, people and values. As we transition to new leadership, we are committed to building upon the original legacies of those who came before us. This is an exciting time to be a part of Mattel — whether as an employee, a partner or an investor. I hope that you are looking forward to the journey as much as I am.
Sincerely,
Bryan G. Stockton
Chief Executive Officer
   8
