Dear Fellow Shareholders:
McDonald’s Corporation continued moving forward in 2012 despite a challenging environment, as we remained committed to meeting the ever-evolving needs of our customers around the world.
Guided by the Plan to Win, the McDonald’s System of franchisees, suppliers and employees continued working to make our brand more modern and in step with consumers everywhere. Your Board of Directors is pleased with the company’s continued focus on driving customer relevance and enhancing all aspects of the McDonald’s experience.
We continue to manage our business for the long-term, while staying committed to driving near-term growth. Our focus remains on leveraging the hard-earned competitive advantages that differentiate Brand McDonald’s in the marketplace and building a stronger, more pro table company.
McDonald’s strong, consistent leadership positions the company well to continue achieving these goals. We recognize Fred Turner, one of McDonald’s pioneers, who passed away recently and left a legacy of excellence for all to follow, and recently retired CEO Jim Skinner for his remarkable tenure– and now President and CEO Don Thompson and his global leadership team. Don is a tremendous leader with a deep knowledge and passion for our brand, and his team is skilled, seasoned and committed to raising the bar on all those things that drive our success – from our food and service to our convenience and value.
We believe that McDonald’s will continue to skillfully navigate through the current business environment to drive growth and deliver shareholder value. We remain con dent in the company’s overall strategies, its strong leadership and the many talented employees around the world who deliver for our millions of guests every day.
McDonald’s Board of diverse and experienced business leaders remains committed to overseeing the company’s direction and advancing strong corporate governance. We eagerly embrace our responsibilities to help ensure the strength of this great brand moving forward.
On behalf of the entire Board of Directors, it is an honor and privilege to serve you, our shareholders.
Very truly yours,
Andy McKenna

Chairman
