 To Our Valued Shareholders:
I am proud to say that’s what McDonald’s continues to do. Our determination and pursuit of excellence drive our success in any operating environment.
As this Annual Report indicates, 2011 was another strong year for McDonald’s. Global comparable sales increased 5.6%, our ninth consecutive year of same store sales growth. Operating income grew 10% in constant currencies and we continued to extend our market share lead around the world. In addition, we returned $6 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends paid, and we delivered a 35% total return to investors, making us the top performing company in the Dow Jones Industrial Average for 2011.
Today, McDonald’s is serving a record number of guests — nearly 68 million people every day. Our menus are more extensive, diverse, and relevant than any time in our history. We are elevating our brand experience in entirely new ways, from digital ordering to delivery to newly reimaged restaurants. And we are strengthening our commitment to both the communities we serve and the larger world around us.
In short, McDonald’s is positively touching more lives and meeting the needs of more people in more ways than we ever have.
Our success continues to be truly global, with all areas of the world contributing. Some highlights include the U.S. adding more than 350 million customer visits in 2011, Europe continuing to grow and now generating about 40% of our overall revenue, and Asia/Paci c, Middle East, and Africa doubling its income contribution to our business over the past six years. Such balanced growth highlights our deepening connection with customers everywhere, as well as the underlying strength of our business in today’s ever increasing global economy.
Our performance is driven by two key factors. The rst is our ongoing commitment to the Plan to Win, which has served as our operations roadmap for the past nine years. The plan focuses on the core drivers of our business—People, Products, Place, Price, and Promotion, or the ve “P’s.” It keeps us disciplined around building our brand holistically and enhancing the customer experience across our entire business — from our menu and service to our value and convenience. For us, success continues to be about listening to customers and getting better at all the things — large and small —
 Albert Einstein once remarked that “In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.” I believe he was telling us that even in the toughest
environments, hard work and continuous improvement can pay off.

that matter most to them.
The second is the collaboration of our System partners. From our world- class franchisees, who are dedicated to running great restaurants and being leaders in their communities; to our unparalleled global suppliers, who provide us with safe and high quality products each and every day; to our talented company employees led by President and Chief Operating Of cer Don Thompson and our exceptional global leadership team. And, of course, our restaurant managers and crew — the 1.7 million men and women who work to deliver the best experience every day in our more than 33,000 restaurants worldwide.
All of these groups remain strongly aligned around our common goals, while making their unique contributions to our success. In addition, our talented and diverse Board of Directors provides sensible guidance and strong corporate governance as we work together to deliver shareholder value.
With our entire System united and focused, we intend to keep building our business by capturing the tremendous opportunities identified in the Plan to Win.
We’ll do it by delivering even greater excitement around our food, beginning with our iconic core favorites—Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets and French Fries—and evolving our menu with new and innovative local offerings. We’ll continue expanding our growing line of McCafé beverages, from specialty coffees to real fruit smoothies, differentiating our brand as a beverage destination. We’ll stay focused on adding greater choice and balanced options around the world, from wraps to oatmeal to new Happy Meal alternatives, as we stay in step with our customers’ needs.
We also will continue to modernize our restaurants to provide a superior experience for our customers, as well as our managers and crew. We’re adding new features and technologies that are making the drive-thru, ordering, and payment processes easier. In addition, we’re moving ahead on our reimaging efforts, remodeling a growing number
of restaurants with our contemporary new designs. With roughly 45% of our interiors and 25% of our exteriors reimaged around the world, we still have ample opportunity to keep reshaping our brand and delighting our guests with our updated restaurants.
Of course, making the McDonald’s brand even more accessible is another important priority. Continuing to deliver strong value across every price tier, extending our operating hours at more locations, and strategically opening new restaurants in both emerging and mature markets will make us more available more often, when and where our customers want us.
As we keep elevating all of these aspects of our business, we’re strengthening our

brand as well. We will continue to use our size, scope and resources to make a positive difference for children, families, and communities around the world. Giving back is a part of our heritage, so we remain committed to taking leadership action across the broad spectrum of sustainability — including nutrition and well-being, a sustainable supply chain, environmental responsibility, employee experience, and the community.
As McDonald’s Chief Executive, I am immensely proud of our performance and greatly appreciative of your investment in our brand. We do not take your support — or our continued success — for granted. We know the business environment remains challenging, with struggling economies and consumer confidence still fragile. Our gains will continue to be hard won.
So we will keep heeding Mr. Einstein’s words and seizing the opportunities to succeed. We remain relentlessly focused on our customers and delivering even better ways to meet their needs. With our strong System alignment, our proven Plan to Win, and our commitment to outstanding execution, I am con dent we will continue to grow and deliver sustainable business results for the long-term benefit of our shareholders.
As always, thank you for your investment in Brand McDonald’s. I look forward to future success for this great brand. ’11
Sincerely,
Jim Skinner
Vice Chairman and CEO
