To Our Valued Shareholders:
Our founder, Ray Kroc, made a statement about how we operate our business that is as relevant today as it was 60 years ago: “Take calculated risks. Act boldly and thoughtfully. Be an agile company.”
2012 was a testament to our resilient business model, the talented and aligned System of McDonald’s franchisees, supplier partners and company employees, and our broad experience in every type of operating environment. We grew global comparable sales 3.1% and Systemwide sales 5%*. We increased operating income 4%* and diluted earnings per share 5%*. And, we returned $5.5 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
We grew market share despite the at to declining trend in the informal eating-out industry. The key: our ability to remain focused on our Plan to Win and our three global growth priorities to optimize our menu, modernize the customer experience and broaden accessibility to Brand McDonald’s. Most importantly, we’re doing it with franchisees, suppliers, company employees, managers and crew who are proud to be af liated with us, and with a talented and diverse Board of Directors who provide sage guidance and strong corporate governance as we work together to deliver shareholder value.
Every day, 69 million customers visit our restaurants because we offer great-tasting food, exceptional service, and a clean, modern and engaging restaurant experience – all at a reasonable price.
We continued to build our business through our menu focus by encouraging markets to learn from each other and scale proven solutions. New products like McWraps from Poland or our McCafé specialty beverages that originated in Australia complement classic favorites – like the Big Mac, our Quarter Pounder with Cheese, our Egg McMuf n and our World Famous Fries – to give our customers compelling reasons to visit.
We also made signi cant progress toward becoming more modern and relevant. Nearly 60% of our restaurant interiors around the world have been re-imaged, and we expect to reach 50% with our exteriors by 2015. And, we continued evolving how we talk with our customers through our creative, digital and social media efforts.
In our journey to be accessible whenever and wherever our customers want McDonald’s, we added 1,439 new restaurants in established markets including the U.S., France, Germany and Australia...as well as in emerging markets like China, Brazil, India and Russia. We also grew delivery in APMEA and evolved our value offers to always have something for our customers with Value Lunch in China, P’tit

Prix in France, our Loose Change Menu in Australia and our Dollar Menu in the U.S., to name a few.
When I proudly took on the role of CEO, I became even more motivated by the fact that within our success lies even greater opportunity. There is much more potential we can capture and we have a clear, straightforward vision for growth. We must continue driving enduring, pro table growth. We must strengthen consumers’ trust in our brand. And, we must always champion talent and leadership development.
I have no doubt we will serve more customers more often...that our customers will be more loyal...and that our restaurants will be more pro table. We’ve continued to invest in our operating platforms, our restaurants, our global food pipeline, our people and the customer experience. Moving forward, our challenge is two-fold: 1) be even more nimble in synthesizing the lessons we learn, sharing insights across borders and scaling proven solutions, and 2) increase our appeal by anticipating, innovating and seizing opportunities through the Plan to Win and our three global growth priorities.
Growing our business is about appealing to and serving more customers. It’s also about leveraging our incredible iconic brand to build consumers’ trust in us and drive long- term sustainable growth. We need to make sure our customers feel good about eating at McDonald’s and want to visit us again and again... that they feel good about the way we treat our people...and that they feel good about the deep connections we make in the communities where we operate.
It’s clear that outstanding people are the reason for the success of a dynamic global business like ours. We are a leading developer of today’s workforce and tomorrow’s leaders, whether franchisees, leading citizens who started as crew, or those who aspire to grow with and through McDonald’s. In this increasingly demanding marketplace, our collective charge is to do everything we can to strengthen our people and help them achieve their best.
On behalf of the entire McDonald’s System, please accept our sincere gratitude for your investment and con dence in our direction.
The late Fred Turner – our rst grill man and the visionary who helped Ray transform his dream into reality – once said, “Satis ed customers will assure a vigorous and
growing McDonald’s System.” I’m energized by our opportunity to continue being a bright spot in our customers’ day and con dent in our ability to grow our business as we become even more relevant and more trusted all over the world.
Sincerely,

Don Thompson
President and CEO
