 Fellow Shareholders:
I am pleased to report that 2007 was another year of strong financial performance and growth.
Comparable sales increased 6.8 percent, marking our fifth consecutive year of comparable sales growth.
Revenues for the year reached a record high at $22.8 billion, with full-year operating income growth of 19 percent in constant currencies, excluding the impact of the Latin America developmental license transaction.
Notably, each area of the world contributed to our sales and profit performance. This across-the-board success was coordinated by an exceptional operating team led by Ralph Alvarez, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and the four area of the world Presidents who report to him – Jose Armario in Latin America, Tim Fenton in Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa, Denis Hennequin in Europe and Don Thompson in the United States.
If leadership displays a certain character over time, at McDonald’s today we are clearly defined by our System’s alignment toward enhancing the customer experience at our 31,000 restaurants around the world through a relentless focus on our Plan to Win.
In a company with the local footprint and global reach of McDonald’s, this is a genuine achievement. When you consider the incredible number of moving parts that comprise the McDonald’s System, you can begin to appreciate the focus and discipline required to keep all elements of our System – franchisees, suppliers and company employees – working together effectively on behalf of our customers worldwide.
This achievement was delivered by all three legs of our System ... committed franchisees who embraced our Plan to Win and made the necessary investments in their restaurants and their people to provide a better experience for our customers ... suppliers who consistently delivered high quality ingredients
at the best prices possible ... and company people worldwide who made smart, customer-focused decisions around new products, new technologies and other restaurant innovations that propelled our business forward.
Jim Skinner, Chief Executive Officer (seated, right) and Ralph Alvarez, President and Chief Operating Officer (left)
In the world of business, most CEOs talk about teamwork. In the world of McDonald’s, I talk about “Systemwork” – a strategically aligned effort, by a remarkably diverse group of people, which in 2007 resulted in exceptional operating performance.
One important by-product of this alignment is our increased emphasis on collaborating throughout our System for
the benefit of our customers and, ultimately, our shareholders. Throughout 2007, we shared best practices ... research and development ... new product successes ... in sum, the benefits of the experiences gained from running 31,000 restaurants.
When I look ahead to the next several years, I’m confident this alignment and collaboration will be a distinct competitive advantage.
Like no other restaurant brand, McDonald’s has the size, brand strength and capacity that provide unparalleled scope and opportunity to facilitate growth efficiently.
3
 
 4
 The Big Mac – a favorite of customers worldwide
In 2008, I see this playing out across the universal Plan to Win growth drivers of our business:
• Better restaurant operations
• Branded affordability
• Menu variety and beverage choice
• Convenience and daypart expansion • Ongoing restaurant reinvestment.
Each of these drivers represents an opportunity to grow by increasing capacity at our restaurants, further enhancing our relevance and providing consumers with more reasons to visit McDonald’s more often.
My confidence in McDonald’s is also reinforced by the priorities we set when we committed to our growth strategy of being better, not just bigger.
First, we are more customer-focused with a goal of being more relevant to our customers in their daily lives. Next, our commitment to be more fiscally responsible has shifted our resource allocations to efforts that directly impact customer relevance. Finally, we’ve made development of our people – from recruitment and training to talent management and leadership development – one of our highest priorities.
Today, after continuous improvement against each of these
imperatives, I am proud to report that McDonald’s is a better $1.50 company ... by every important measure.
Our customer satisfaction scores are on the rise. Stated simply, we are running better restaurants. As a result, customers are visiting us more often – with a double-digit growth in guest counts versus 2004.
Average annual sales at our restaurants have grown dramatically. In the United States, for example, average annual restaurant sales increased 15% to $2.2 million during the same period. And, our owner/operators are sharing in this success, recognizing a higher average cash flow that enables them to re-invest in their restaurants, enhancing our overall customer experience.
  2007
 2006
$1.00 $0.67
$0.55
Dividends have increased every year since we paid our first in 1976
 2005
 2004
 
 The focus on people through talent management and leadership development is delivering improved business performance and strong succession planning around the world. As a result, we are proud to see McDonald’s recognized among companies known for their leadership by prestigious publications and organizations.
Concerning fiscal responsibility, we have made discipline
our watchword. We are generating a more reliable cash flow, investing capital wisely to ensure the highest returns over the long-term, and being prudent with the overhead we spend to support growth. Our franchising initiatives have brought our restaurant ownership mix to 78% franchised, 22% Company- operated. Return on incremental invested capital has consistently exceeded our high teens target. At the same time, our general, selling and administrative expenses have consistently declined as a percentage of sales and revenues.
Most important to our valued investors, this combination of restaurant performance and financial diligence has enabled us to increase shareholder value significantly.
Since 2004, the compounded annual total return on our stock is 25 percent, more than double the Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 Index during the same period. Our cash dividend is a big contributor to this overall return, increasing more than 170 percent in the last three years. In 2007 alone, through a combination of share repurchase and dividends, we returned $5.7 billion to shareholders, and ...
we are on track
to fulfill our target to return $15 billion to $17 billion from 2007 through 2009.
By all these measures, McDonald’s has performed very well. We are proud of our results and equally enthusiastic about our ability to succeed in 2008 and beyond. Through a combination of operations excellence and leadership marketing,
we are operating
from a position of
strength and prepared
to capture the growth
opportunities in the
marketplace.
I am confident we will continue to meet our long-term financial targets:
• 3-5% average annual sales and revenue growth
• 6-7% average annual operating income growth
• Returns on incremental invested capital in the high teens.
I am confident because we have an exceptional Board of Directors ... an outstanding global leadership team ... committed franchisees ... passionate suppliers ... the best trained restaurant staff ... and highly experienced company people – all of whom are aligned and focused on delivering a better experience for
our customers.
Thank you for your continued confidence and investment in McDonald’s. We look forward to enjoying more success with you in the future.
Sincerely,
Jim Skinner
Chief Executive Officer March 17, 2008
5
 