- EDITORIAL -

"People are at the source of change and progress: that's why we create and develop strategies that harness the value of human capital and personal relationships."
Sebastien Tondeur
Chief Executive Officer

Managing, Connecting and Innovating for the Future
hat motivates your customers, members, employees or any stakeholder to listen to your message? How can you differentiate yourself? In our digitalised and content-rich mobile world, it's all about finding new ways to manage, connect and innovate. Communicating and engaging with your audiences has never been more dynamic or challenging. We believe that when people come together, magic happens. Having 48 offices in Europe, the Middle East, India, Africa, the Americas and Asia-Pacific gives us a deep understanding of global business cultures. We have mastered the intricacies of working with Companies, Associations and Governments to create immersive and authentic experiences that really build community. It is not just about who attends events, it's about who engages. Associations and Companies are collaborating with strategic partners to develop robust solutions to tackle emerging challenges such as: - Changing stakeholder expectations - Unlocking and navigating the overwhelming volume of data and content - Operating in a global system and building marketplaces - Diverging technology platforms to reach and engage diverse target audience groups - Risk and security of information flow

W

- Managing regulatory changes - Building socially and environmentally sustainable organisations The backbone of our expertise is Live Experience Management, which is founded on creating powerful and enriching events through leveraging all aspects of live communications. Capturing and distributing relevant and meaningful messages via Content Communication Services creates more resonance with the target audience. Developing business strategies which truly connect people, objectives and content requires consulting expertise to strengthen relationships and boost organisational performance. From strategy to execution, we drive change with our Engagement Solutions. We deliver our services with inventiveness, dedication, integrity, respect and professionalism. Our clients can be assured of MCI's commitment to Corporate Social Responsibility, our Supplier Code of Conduct and our Business Code of Professional Ethics. Please visit page 26 to explore the Core Values that drive MCI. Thank you for taking the time to read about how we work together with our clients to create solutions that make a real difference to their organisations.

Editorial

Engagement Solutions

03
Listening to Client Needs

16
People Connection Strategies

04
Live Experience Management

20
Our Driving Force

08
Content Communication Services

24

12

Sebastien Tondeur
Chief Executive Officer
editorial -- 03

02

