Content
03 14
Editorial

Editorial
T
he meetings and events industry has undergone a phenomenal transformation in the last 25 years. My father Roger Tondeur's dream began when he founded MCI in 1987. Our main task when MCI started was to provide logistical support for clients, helping them to produce their events on time, on budget and on brand. Whilst this continues to be fundamental, the industry offering has become much more sophisticated and global. Our complete range of services, including creative, technology and content solutions, continues to develop to meet the evolving needs of our clients. With our fully integrated offices in 23 countries and growing, MCI is today considered a key global player in relations and connections management. What we do now is based on the principle of building community ; that is helping our clients create and nurture links and connections amongst their stakeholders. Face-to-face interaction is the ingredient that encourages cohesion amongst people, fosters strong teams and helps build brands and organizations that reach higher and perform better. With the client's long term strategy placed firmly at the heart of our approach, we strive to gain a meaningful insight into their industry ­ whether it's healthcare, energy, technology, financial or automotive. Working together with clients to help them define, achieve and build on their organizational objectives, wherever they are in the world, we create solutions that bring measurable results. Our clients can focus on their core business, knowing that they have a partner on their path to performance. MCI has been instrumental in helping forward-looking organizations fulfill their dreams of growing globally and reaching out to new markets. We know that our client's performance is supported by our quest to offer solutions and technologies that are cutting-edge and ahead of the latest trends. Our business model is founded upon innovation and sustainability. By being part of key industry associations and sharing knowledge, we stay ahead of the trends. Creating opportunities for the learning and development of our own talent through our MCI Institute, we keep our offer relevant and skill set fresh for our clients. We convert these ideas into working processes and systems that we share throughout our global teams. Personally, I am passionate about how we help our clients maximize the value of their content, extending its lifecycle, creating new revenue streams and reaching out to new audiences. We enhance clients' face-to-face interactions with the latest meeting design techniques, digital content activation and audio-visual technologies. I am also proud to support our commitment to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR). We were the first events agency to sign the UN Global Compact and we produce an annual Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) compliant CSR report. What we do would not be possible without our MCI talent. The diversity of our teams gives us our unique approach to solving client challenges. By being a team and having fun together, we find original and creative solutions for our clients and strengthen our own community. We support our talent's personal and professional dreams and have created an annual "Dream Day" when we encourage our people to be inspired and to aspire. It's amazing to see how MCI has evolved and continues to innovate and develop to take our customers into the future. I am excited to be part of this journey.

04 24 38
2
QR Code link on the cover : www.mci-group.com

A Collaborative Approach

Building Community

Dreaming the Future

32
Meet MCI

Highlights and Perspectives

Sébastien Tondeur
Chief Executive Officer

Note to readers : Get to know MCI even better by downloading a QR (Quick Response) Code Reader for your smartphone and visiting us online and across social media networks.

3

