To Our StockholdersMcKesson delivered another outstanding performance in fiscal year 2008. Our company's ability to build and maintain strong customer relationships and sustain continued operational excellence propelled us to above-market revenue and earnings growth. We also made key investments and leveraged our diverse assets to expand our range of service and product offerings to deliver innovative solutions for our customers.
Extending our track record of superior stockholder returns
Fiscal year 2008 was a year of milestones for McKesson. In January, we marked our 175th anniversary, a distinction rarely achieved in American business. Our revenues grew 9% to reach $101.7 billion, exceeding $100 billion for the first time. Perhaps most gratifying, we received numerous awards and significant recognition from our customers and industry groups for our superior service and solutions. I am very proud of our employees, whose efforts made these achievements possible. Our progress in fiscal year 2008 continued our track record of superior financial performance and stockholder returns. During the five-year period ending March 31, 2008, both our revenues and earnings per share (EPS) grew at a compound annual growth rate exceeding 8%. Over that time, McKesson's stock price more than doubled, outperforming both the S&P 500 Index and the Value Line Health Care Index. McKesson's stock price has also outperformed the shares of all other major pharmaceutical wholesalers since October 2004. Our financial strength over the past three years enabled us to make three major investments that create opportunities to increase stockholder value. In fiscal year 2008, we significantly enhanced our presence in the fastest-growing sector of the pharmaceutical market by acquiring Oncology Therapeutics Network (OTN), a leading distributor of specialty pharmaceuticals. In 2007, we made our largest acquisition since 1999 by joining forces with Per-Se Technologies, Inc. (Per-Se), gaining a collection of financial and administrative solutions for hospitals, physicians and retail pharmacies. Our acquisition of D&K Healthcare Resources (D&K) in fiscal year 2006 expanded our footprint among independent pharmacies in the Midwest. These are prominent examples of investments that create new avenues of growth and enhance the value we deliver to customers and stockholders. Drawing on our formidable array of assets, we are serving

customers in ways that truly set McKesson apart in the marketplace. We are the healthcare industry's most complete solution provider, with the ability to deliver distribution and supply chain services, software solutions, claims processing capabilities, consulting services, pharmacy management systems, hospital automation, disease management programs and many other innovative offerings that satisfy our customers' needs. We are combining our capabilities in bold new ways to create unique, innovative solutions that expand and redefine the segments in which we compete and drive improvements across the entire healthcare spectrum.

Building mutually rewarding relationships with our customers and manufacturer partners
At McKesson, we succeed when our customers succeed. Our ability to build mutually rewarding, long-term relationships with our customers leads to future business opportunities and superior returns for our stockholders. We take pride in the value we deliver to our customers and are particularly gratified when they acknowledge the role we play in their success. In Distribution Solutions this past year, our U.S. Pharmaceutical business renewed agreements with CVS Caremark, Rite Aid, Safeway, Cigna, Humana and Costco. We also received "Business Partner of the Year" honors from Kinney Drugs. In the hospital segment, we were the only wholesaler to receive the "2008 VHA Service Excellence Award," as recognized by VHA's membership, which includes 28% of the nation's community-owned, not-for-profit hospitals, and by the leadership team of Novation, the nation's largest hospital group purchasing organization. On the Technology Solutions side of our business, 18 McKesson products were rated in the top three in their categories in the 2007 "Year-End Top 20: Best in KLAS Awards" report issued by KLAS Enterprises, an independent monitor of healthcare information technology vendors. Our manufacturer partners who produce branded and generic pharmaceuticals recognize the integral role McKesson plays in the overall supply chain. The majority of our U.S. pharmaceutical distribution agreements with manufacturers are structured to ensure that we are compensated for the services we provide. These agreements provide a significant source of stable, predictable revenue to McKesson and tremendous value to pharmaceutical manufacturers. McKesson is continually focused on expanding these relationships beyond distribution to include anti-counterfeit pedigree solutions, clinical trial sourcing, streamlined shipping and other strategic programs that help manufacturers grow profits and cut costs. As we move into fiscal year 2009 and beyond, McKesson has never been stronger or more capable. Our 175th anniversary theme -- Taking Care Forward -- celebrates our proud healthcare legacy while focusing attention on the future and the remarkable opportunities we have at McKesson. Healthcare has reached a critical point, and we are uniquely qualified to make a difference through our unparalleled capabilities, longstanding customer relationships and strong competitive position in the markets we serve. Our mission is to advance the healthcare system by advancing the success of our partners, and we are fulfilling this mission across every customer segment.

Helping pharmacists play an expanded role in care delivery
Today, pharmacies face unprecedented challenges posed by declining reimbursements, new federal and state regulations, and increasing competition. With our expertise and solutions, we are helping pharmacies navigate these challenges while helping them

operate more efficiently and effectively. In doing so, we help free pharmacists to devote more time and attention to providing care, and we empower them to earn new sources of revenue by delivering expanded clinical services. Our Health Mart® franchise offers comprehensive solutions that help independent pharmacies attract new business, maximize the value of existing customer relationships and enhance operational efficiency. In fiscal year 2008, Health Mart grew by more than 600 new stores, bringing the total to more than 1,850. The growth of Health Mart contributed to another excellent year for our generics business, which grew sales by 11%, significantly above overall market growth for generics. We have expanded our industry-leading OneStop Generics® program to serve regional chains and hospital group purchasing organizations. For larger pharmacies and chains, McKesson invests in strategic programs like central fi ll, bulk repackaging and pharmacy management systems to help our customers maximize their operational and financial success. The acquisition of Per-Se significantly enhanced our pharmacy systems offering by providing a new, contemporary software platform for retail chain and mail order customers. We support all pharmacy customers with a robust infrastructure that includes Supply Management Online, our customer Internet portal that accounts for more than $2 billion in pharmaceutical orders each month. Our RelayHealth intelligent network processes 70% of all retail pharmacy claims nationwide. We continue to build and strengthen relationships within the pharmacy segment by combining our assets in unique ways to help pharmacists and patients. Formed last year, McKesson Patient Relationship Solutions (MPRS) engages pharmacists in using their counseling skills to help patients stay on their prescribed medications. MPRS provides 225 adherence programs that are supported by more than 50 pharmaceutical manufacturers. One feature of this program, our LoyaltyScript® card, is used by 11,000 patients each day. We are also encouraged by our Medication Therapy Management pilot program, a unique service that strengthens communications among pharmacists, physicians and payors to improve patient outcomes by helping patients increase medication adherence and reduce adverse drug events.

Connecting hospital caregivers for a safer, more patient-focused experience
McKesson continues to extend its lead in providing hospitals with solutions that improve quality and patient safety, reduce the cost and variability of care, and improve resource and financial management. We are the only company with a complete suite of patient-safety solutions from the loading dock to the patient bedside. We are also benefiting from opportunities in our growing roster of "One McKesson" customers who use our products and services to address multiple needs through the combination of McKesson-provided information technology, automation and pharmaceutical distribution solutions.

One of these customers is St. Luke's Episcopal Healthcare System in Houston, which recently added extensive new clinical IT functionality to its three hospitals and 18 clinics. St. Luke's also added more than 300 McKesson AcuDose-Rx® medication dispensing cabinets, a superior, yet affordable software and hardware solution that drives patient safety and process efficiency. This was the largest contract ever signed in McKesson's automation business. St. Luke's is also a McKesson pharmaceutical distribution customer. Our focus on innovation has kept our software offerings among the highest-rated in the industry. In fact, over the past three years, we have had 20 products ranked within the KLAS top three, several of which have received either a "Best in KLAS" or a "Category Leadership" designation multiple times.

Helping physicians deliver better care and improve practice performance
With the acquisitions of Per-Se, Practice Partner® and OTN over the past two years, we have significantly expanded our customer base and solution set in the physician office segment. We now deliver a full range of solutions to physicians, from medical supplies, equipment and vaccines, to electronic medical record and practice management software, to outsourced billing and collections services. A portion of the assets we acquired from Per-Se helped us form RelayHealth, McKesson's "connectivity" business, which provides powerful capabilities to each one of our customer segments. In the physician segment, RelayHealth facilitates ePrescribing and online patient-doctor consultations known as webVisits® , innovations that provide cost and efficiency benefits to physicians and improve patient care. Strengthening our position in the fast-growing specialty pharmaceutical market, the OTN acquisition expanded our physician customer base by almost 6,000 oncologists, rheumatologists and other providers. We also gained OTN's state-of-the-art Lynx® technology platform that automates practice management for oncologists and other physicians.

Helping payors provide their members with the best, most cost-effective care
In our payor business, we offer a range of services to the public and private sectors that help manage the cost and quality of care. We are the largest provider of disease management programs to state Medicaid agencies, helping millions of people with chronic diseases lead longer, healthier lives. In the private sector, we provide clinical decision support tools to health plans, employers and large medical groups that help create better health outcomes for their members. We renewed all expiring disease management contracts in fiscal year 2008, a strong validation of the value we deliver to both payors and patients. For example, working with the Illinois Department of Healthcare and Family Services, we helped the state of Illinois achieve nearly $34 million in net savings in one year. On the software side of our payor business, the contracts we

signed with Aetna and CIGNA were the two largest in the history of that business. Altogether we serve more than 85% of payors and continue to sell these customers new products and services that strengthen the relationships we have with them. Hospitals also use these products. Last year, 300 hospitals signed contracts to use InterQual® Criteria, our suite of industry leading clinical decision support tools. This represents a 40% increase over the previous year.

Executing our strategy for stockholder value creation
Our strong operating performance has produced significant cash fl ow from operations, strengthening our balance sheet and enabling us to pursue a more aggressive strategy for stockholder value creation. Taking a portfolio approach to capital deployment over the past three years, we have spent $8 billion to reshape the organization in a manner that is consistent with our evolving strategy. From fiscal year 2006 through 2008, we completed a total of $3.1 billion in strategic acquisitions. Many of these were smaller acquisitions that enhanced our value proposition to customers in both distribution and information technology. Our larger acquisitions, including D&K, OTN and Per-Se, created opportunities for us to broaden our portfolio of innovative solutions and deliver them to an expanded customer base. Recently, we announced two new acquisitions that advance our long-term strategy. In May, we acquired McQueary Brothers Drug Company, a regional distributor to more than 400 independent and regional chain pharmacies in the Midwest. This acquisition expands McKesson's distribution footprint in the independent pharmacy segment and provides fertile, new ground for growing the Health Mart franchise and expanding the McKesson OneStop Generics program. And in Technology Solutions, we acquired Rosebud Solutions (Rosebud), a provider of software to track and manage instruments, endoscopes, tissue implants and other hospital assets. Rosebud's solutions will help our customers make healthcare safer and more cost-effective. We are not afraid to take a hard look at our existing businesses. Since 2006, we have divested non-strategic or underperforming businesses such as the acute care division of our Medical-Surgical business, which we sold in fiscal year 2007, as well as our pharmacy outsourcing business, McKesson Medication Management, the bulk of which we divested in April 2008. We regularly review our portfolio of assets to determine the optimal mix for future value creation. Our portfolio approach to capital deployment has included an aggressive share repurchase program. Over the past three years, we have repurchased $3.7 billion of outstanding McKesson common stock. Based on our positive outlook

for the business, in April 2008 the Board of Directors authorized an additional $1 billion share repurchase program, bringing the total authorization then available to $1.3 billion. We are also committed to returning capital to stockholders, and earlier this year, the Board approved a policy to double our quarterly dividend from 6 cents to 12 cents per share.

Summary and Outlook
The fundamentals of our business are stronger than ever. Across the full range of our operations, we have not seen the impact of a slowing economy or tightening credit markets. We had strong top-line growth in both Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions in fiscal year 2008, and while revenue growth rates have slowed, we maintain a positive outlook for fiscal year 2009. Celebrating our 175th anniversary is an occasion for all of us at McKesson to reflect on our history of achievement in healthcare. We are very proud of the role we have played in the advancement of this important industry. As we move into fiscal year 2009 and the next chapter in our legacy, our business has tremendous momentum. We're very pleased with our progress, but we're not stopping here. Our goal is to continually exceed the expectations of our customers, employees and stockholders. Our financial stability, unparalleled product mix and enviable customer base position McKesson for continued leadership and success in the years ahead. We believe the best is yet to come -- for McKesson, our customers and the healthcare system as a whole. I would like to thank our employees for their hard work and commitment, our customers for their loyalty and partnership, our suppliers for their collaborative approach and dedication to our mutual success, and our stockholders for their continued support.

