In January 1999, the world's largest healthcare supply management company came together with the world's largest healthcare information technology company to provide customers with a single source for enterprise-wide solutions to reduce costs and improve quality. Today, as that strategy is being emulated by competitors and new market entrants, we still find no other company that is as well-positioned as McKesson HBOC, Inc. Our mission, to advance the health of the healthcare system by advancing the success of our partners, reflects the commitment of our employees to make a positive impact every day on the quality of care experienced by patients. McKesson HBOC, Inc., continues to have market-leading positions and significant revenue momentum from which to extend its growth. For the second consecutive year, revenues excluding sales to customers' warehouses increased in excess of 20 percent. Healthcare supply management revenues were up 24 percent, to $26.8 billion. This above-market growth advanced McKessonHBOC's position as the nation's largest distributor of pharmaceuticals and medical-surgical supplies and provides a strong base for sales of additional products and services from our comprehensive set of solutions. McKessonHBOC's offering ranges from supply chain management to pharmacy automation, pharmacy outsourcing and a full set of systems and programs for independent pharmacies, drug chains, the pharmacies of food stores and mass merchandisers, and hospitals and long-term care facilities. We were not satisfied, however, by the operating profit performance in this segment. To address this, we have placed the leadership for all pharmaceutical and medicalsurgical distribution activities into a single operating unit and put in place a stronger, more integrated management team to take advantage of our comprehensive offering. This team is undertaking a series of initiatives designed to improve business processes and efficiencies, including company-wide implementation of the proven Six Sigma approach to deliver higher quality and financial returns. The goal is to expand supply management operating margins and maintain a strong revenue growth rate. In late April, McKessonHBOC joined with four of the nation's other largest healthcare distributors to announce the formation of an independent, Internet-based exchange, further positioning the company to help advance industry health. The exchange will focus on creating new standards and efficiencies in product ordering and contract management, promising to revolutionize the healthcare supply chain. The new exchange is projected to begin operations by the end of calendar 2000 and will complement the many eSupply activities underway across the supply management business. McKessonHBOC's information technology revenues of $1.2 billion continue to lead the industry. McKessonHBOC has the largest presence in domestic health systems and hospitals, with solutions in 65 percent of the nation's largest hospitals and more than half of the nation's health systems. We also serve a significant share of the nation's large physician practices, payors and homecare organizations, with a broad set of information solutions ranging from stand-alone products to comprehensive outsourcing and consulting services. Key initiatives are underway to meet the needs of our information technology customers, including products and services to reduce medication errors and enable compliance with new regulations such as those which will be required by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). Helping customers improve efficiency while complying with HIPAA represents a major business opportunity. Webenabling existing and new McKessonHBOC products to leverage the power of the Internet for customers' benefit should provide additional opportunities to grow this business. With its large installed base and breadth of value-delivering solutions for customers, McKessonHBOC is well-positioned for long-term revenue and profit growth. In addition, information technology plays a key role in McKessonHBOC's e-commerce strategies. For example, our materials management software is installed in more than 1,100 hospital sites, where it runs the purchasing and inventory of supplies and equipment in these enterprises. This software is a valuable connection to eSupply activities at both McKessonHBOC and at the emerging industry exchanges being formed to gain supply chain efficiencies. A recently formed Corporate Solutions Group will focus on bringing the company's combined information and supply management offering to more customers, more quickly. To rapidly bring new physician and medical management solutions to market, the company recently formed a new business unit, iMcKesson. The goal of iMcKesson is to use the power of the Internet and other innovative, emerging technologies to share information real-time and drive improved clinical outcomes, cost efficiencies and increased satisfaction for all healthcare participants.

iMcKesson's immediate focus is on new offerings to physicians and payors, designed to connect the participants in the healthcare system and improve lives. iMcKesson is launching an ASP (applications service provider)-delivered physician office solution that supports:
Administrative and clinical connectivity, including claims, eligibility, prescribing, clinical orders and clinical hospital reports, Web-based practice management, Web-based clinical applications, including orders and results, and medical record documentation, Patient-physician communications, including personalized content and messaging.

In addition, iMcKesson today provides a comprehensive suite of medical management products and services designed for the effective and efficient delivery of clinical care. Extending from our evidence-based, industry standard clinical practice guidelines, these products and services will increasingly leverage the Internet to ensure that patients are directed to the appropriate care setting, and that their episode or disease is effectively managed. The potential of these offerings is so great, and the need for action so urgent, that dedicated focus and leadership is required at the highest level. Therefore, David Mahoney, who has been overseeing the development of several eHealth initiatives, will become CEO of iMcKesson and devote his full energies to its rapid and successful build-out. John Hammergren will become CEO of all other operations of McKessonHBOC which include Information Technology, Supply Management, Automation, the Pharmaceutical Partners Group and corporate functions. Each of us will have singular responsibility and accountability to the Board of Directors for the financial and strategic performance of his respective organization. In addition, we will manage sustainable partnerships between the two business units to continue to create value for the company overall. The sale of our Water Products business in early 2000 for more than $700 million in cash after taxes completed McKesson HBOC, Inc.'s transition to a dedicated healthcare company. Early in the year, an investment in WebMD was harvested, delivering $169 million in cash, and a private placement of $335 million of long-term debt was completed. These transactions reduced the company's debt-to-capital ratio to a historic low, significantly strengthening the balance sheet and providing financial flexibility to take advantage of opportunities to build value. With the organizational changes to enhance focus, and the initiatives taken across the company, we believe the necessary actions are underway to create long-term shareholder value on a sustained basis. A chart showing the strategic evolution of McKesson HBOC, Inc., over the past decade follows this letter. The chart maps, through internal development and acquisitions, the transformation of a drug wholesaler with other non-strategic businesses into the most-comprehensive healthcare services company in the world. We are confident that our far-reaching penetration of healthcare sites, large installed base of information systems and unique offering of products and services that deliver measurable value to our customers, provide a significant competitive advantage to execute our strategy for improved financial performance and value creation.
JOHN H. HAMMERGREN
Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer

DAVID L. MAHONEY
Co-President and Co-Chief Executive Officer

