Letter from John Hammergren

Dear Fellow Stockholders, I am pleased to report that McKesson continued its strong performance in fiscal 2012, generating double-digit growth in both revenues and earnings. Once again, our financial results were driven by outstanding execution, deep customer relationships, and a broad portfolio of solutions that enable better business performance, improved care delivery and greater connectivity across the industry.

McKesson grew revenues to a record $122.7 billion, an increase of 10%. Full-year adjusted earnings per diluted share was $6.38*, up 20%, and cash flow from operations totaled $2.9 billion. We ended fiscal year 2012 with cash and cash equivalents of $3.1 billion, providing the financial strength and flexibility to make investments that position us for future growth. Distribution Solutions fueled our strong performance, with revenues for the segment up 10% and adjusted operating profit up 13%*. U.S. pharmaceutical distribution revenues also increased 10%, reflecting market growth and new business with existing customers. We are particularly proud that the Department of Veterans Affairs renewed its distribution agreement with McKesson, enabling us to continue serving our nation's veterans. Across the distribution segment, we enhanced our value to customers through our unmatched service levels, global sourcing capabilities and customized solution offerings. In Technology Solutions, we increased revenues 4% to $3.3 billion and grew adjusted operating profit by 21%*. We continued to expand our solution set for hospitals and health systems, payers, pharmacies and physician practices, with a focus on helping them use information technology to address their financial, clinical and integration needs. We are working closely with our customers in all markets to help them prepare for near-term requirements and to position them for long-term success in a world of evolving payment models, greater consumer empowerment and increased pressure to improve quality and efficiency. Throughout the year, we used our strong balance sheet and cash flow to create value for our stockholders. Among the many highlights, we acquired the independent banner and franchise businesses of the Katz Group Canada Inc., extending our market leadership in Canada. Looking forward, we plan to continue our portfolio approach to capital deployment with a mix of acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends and internal capital spending. Fiscal 2013 will mark McKesson's 180th year as a company, and I am more optimistic than ever about our future. Working in partnership with our customers and suppliers, McKesson is uniquely positioned to help improve the business and clinical performance of all sectors of the industry, leading to better care for patients, and ultimately better health for all. On behalf of the Board of Directors and our employees, thank you for your commitment to McKesson.

John Hammergren Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer McKesson Corporation

*See Appendix A to this 2012 Annual Report for a reconciliation of earnings per share and operating profit as reported under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP") to adjusted earnings per share and adjusted operating profit. Non-GAAP measures such as adjusted earnings per share and adjusted operating profit should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP.

