Letter from John Hammergren

Dear Stockholders, I am pleased to report that McKesson completed a strong fiscal 2013, led by outstanding performance in Distribution Solutions. Our continued success in serving our customers helped McKesson's stock reach a fiscal year high of $111.55 during March.

For the full year, McKesson had revenues of $122.5 billion compared to $122.7 billion in fiscal 2012. The company generated cash from operations of $2.5 billion, and ended the year with cash and cash equivalents of $2.5 billion, providing us with the financial flexibility to continue developing and acquiring new capabilities that will help our customers improve their performance. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013, for example, we completed the acquisition of PSS World Medical and have begun the process of bringing together the best of our combined businesses to help our customers improve efficiency and deliver better care to their patients. In addition, during the year we completed several acquisitions that expanded our capabilities in new growth markets such as population health management, capacity management, and provider business performance. As we expanded our portfolio in growth areas, we also took a number of strategic and operational actions to position McKesson for the future. In the fourth quarter, we announced our intention to exit our International Technology and Hospital Automation businesses, and to sell our minority stake in Nadro, S.A. de C.V., a privately held pharmaceutical distributor in Mexico. During the course of fiscal 2014, we will complete our 180th year as a company--a milestone that makes me both humble and proud. It's amazing to reflect on how much the world and the healthcare industry have changed since our founding. We've gone from horse-and-buggy doctors to a modern infrastructure of high-tech care delivery. During that impressive span of time, McKesson has played an integral role in healthcare--delivering medicines and medical supplies, supporting care providers, and connecting the healthcare system more tightly together. And yet, even with all of that history behind us, it is the future that excites me the most. Healthcare is experiencing unprecedented change, and our customers are looking to us more than ever as they respond to the new challenges and opportunities ahead of them. Going into fiscal 2014, I am confident that we will continue our tradition of outstanding performance. We are well positioned in attractive growth markets and have tremendous financial strength, deep customer relationships, and a leadership team with the experience and insight to not only anticipate the development of the healthcare system, but to help shape and accelerate its progress. On behalf of the Board of Directors and our employees, thank you for your commitment to McKesson in our continuing pursuit of better business health for the industry and better health for us all. John H. Hammergren
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer McKesson Corporation

