Dear Shareholders: McKesson celebrates its 183rd year in business this year, and while I am very proud of our long track record of growth and success, I believe our future is even brighter than our past. Never in the history of our industry have we seen so much change, from rapid convergence and consolidation, to the implementation of new, value-based care models, to an increase in consumerism. Across every sector, healthcare is changing before our eyes, and McKesson is at the nexus of the transformation. I'm delighted to be writing my 15th chairman's letter in which I can reflect on our accomplishments in the past fiscal year and share my perspective on why we are so well positioned for the new future of healthcare. While fiscal 2016 was a year of many successes, it also included some new challenges, which I'm proud to say we responded to quickly and decisively. Your company ended the fiscal year in excellent shape, poised for continued growth in fiscal 2017 and beyond. A Healthy Fiscal 2016 I am pleased to report that McKesson generated revenues of approximately $190.9 billion in fiscal 2016, up 9% year over year in constant currency, and adjusted earnings per diluted share of $12.08, up 10%, again in constant currency.1 McKesson saw a drop in our stock price in fiscal 2016. There were a number of contributing factors to this movement, including the softening of generics price inflation, some customer losses due to acquisition activity and general weakness in stock prices across the healthcare sector. But this was balanced by a strong operating performance across the company. In our Distribution Solutions segment, we saw major customer wins, expanded our global pharmaceutical sourcing and procurement scale, grew the number of banner and retail pharmacies in our networks, and continued to execute on our planned Celesio acquisition synergies. On the Technology Solutions side of the business, we saw a strong performance that reflects our focus on key growth areas, specifically revenue and payment management for payers and providers, imaging and workflow solutions, and other offerings that support the transition to value-based care models. In response to softening generic price inflation as well as customer consolidation, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we also took steps to reduce our cost structure and improve efficiency. In total, we generated cash from operations of $3.7 billion during the year, repaid approximately $1.6 billion in long-term debt, and ended the year with cash and cash equivalents of $4.0 billion. Further, we maintained our long-standing portfolio approach to capital deployment. The company had internal capital spending of $677 million, spent $40 million on acquisitions, repurchased approximately $1.5 billion of its common stock and paid $244 million in dividends. As stewards of your investment, we continually balance the need to invest in the business, pay down debt, and return profits to you, our shareholders. The Future of Better Health McKesson helps our customers improve their business health, deliver better care, and work more effectively with other organizations across the healthcare ecosystem through an extensive suite of healthcare distribution services and technology offerings. We believe we are extremely well positioned, especially in the businesses where we see the greatest growth opportunities, including specialty, retail pharmacy and manufacturer services. Our scale, our reputation for operational excellence and our broad value proposition allow us to build deep, long-term relationships with our customers and supplier partners.

Revenues

$190.9B

Adjusted EPS

10%

INCREASE

1

1

See Appendix A to this 2016 Annual Report for a reconciliation of earnings per share as reported under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) to adjusted earnings per share (non-GAAP). Adjusted earnings per share is a non-GAAP measure, which should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, financial results prepared in accordance with GAAP.

Expanding Scale. Two years ago, we acquired Celesio, which gave us a strong foothold in Europe and helped us drive significant global purchasing synergies. We advanced our position further in fiscal 2016 with the announced acquisition of the pharmaceutical distribution division of UDG Healthcare in Ireland and an agreement to acquire more than 200 pharmacies operated by Sainsbury's in the United Kingdom. In the U.S., we successfully renewed a number of significant existing customer agreements while winning major new accounts. For example, we expanded our distribution agreement with Albertsons, assuming responsibility for the sourcing and distribution of generic and brand pharmaceuticals for nearly 1,700 Albertsons in-store pharmacies across the company's 33-state operating area. This five-year partnership will allow Albertsons customers to benefit from McKesson's proprietary OneStop® Generics program and the efficiency of McKesson's daily direct-to-store service model for pharmaceutical products.

Your company ended the fiscal year in excellent shape, poised for continued growth in fiscal 2017 and beyond.
Retail Pharmacy. Retail pharmacy--including independents, retail banner and corporate-owned stores--represents a key growth opportunity for McKesson. In fiscal 2016, we made significant progress in expanding our retail presence in Europe through the growth of our European Pharmacy Network. In Canada, we announced the acquisition of Rexall Health, which will significantly strengthen McKesson's position in the Canadian pharmaceutical supply chain. Through the planned acquisition of Rexall, McKesson will acquire approximately 470 retail pharmacies, with strong concentrations in two of Canada's fastest-growing regions, Ontario and Western Canada. Health Mart®, the U.S.'s fastest-growing independent pharmacy franchise, extended its tremendous track record of growth during fiscal 2016, ending the year with more than 4,600 stores or approximately 19% growth over the prior year. The support and services offered by Health Mart help locally owned Health Mart pharmacies gain access to preferred networks, bring more patients into their stores through local marketing solutions, and offer new patient services that improve their bottom line while creating more value for their patients. Specialty Pharmaceuticals. Specialty drugs make up roughly one-third of today's pharmaceutical spending, and are expected to drive significant ongoing growth in the pharmaceutical market. Because we see the clear opportunities for increased market leadership, we took several steps in fiscal 2016 to expand our footprint in the specialty market. We made two significant acquisitions: Vantage Oncology and Biologics. Vantage Oncology is a leading national provider of integrated oncology and radiation services, and Biologics is an oncology pharmacy services company that offers specialty pharmacy and patient support services specifically in the areas of oncology and other complex therapeutic categories. Together, these acquisitions will significantly enhance McKesson Specialty Health's services to patients, providers, payers and manufacturers. Innovating for a Healthier Future McKesson has a long history of innovation within healthcare, dating back to 1833 when we created the first national drug distribution system in the United States. At every step of our evolution, we have always looked for opportunities to do things better, differently, so that we can increase the value we bring to our customers. Building the systems, infrastructure and tools that will power tomorrow's healthcare industry remains a high priority for the company. We accomplish that with both internal and external investments as well as strategic partnerships. As a founding member of the CommonWell Health Alliance, McKesson has worked closely with industry stakeholders to help bring to life the U.S.'s first and only national network dedicated to the safe and secure exchange of patient information across all care settings. CommonWell's vision is to allow patients and caregivers to access and share their health data, which we believe will empower and engage healthcare consumers.

To date, nearly 4,400 provider sites in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico have gone live with CommonWell services, and an additional 3,500 sites have committed to using CommonWell services in the future. Last year, we also took a bold step forward in healthcare innovation by creating McKesson Ventures, our own corporate venture fund. McKesson Ventures targets companies that both catalyze and benefit from the key changes taking place in the healthcare ecosystem. The McKesson Ventures team helps its portfolio companies leverage McKesson's extensive industry knowledge and deep relationships with key stakeholders across the entire spectrum of healthcare, including payers, providers, pharmacies, manufacturers and health systems. Our collaborative relationship with our portfolio companies gives McKesson greater insight on industry trends and potential disrupters, helping inform our long-term strategy. Investing in Tomorrow's Leaders Speak to any of our approximately 68,000 associates worldwide and they will tell you that McKesson is a special place to work. Why? Because they know they play a critical role in ensuring that a patient in a hospital, pharmacy or doctor's office receives the treatment they need. The mission we share as a McKesson family -- enabling better care and better health for patients--unifies us across the globe. We are proud that the products and services we deliver, combined with the deep partnerships we form with our business partners, make a real difference in people's lives. To support this mission, we place a great deal of focus on recruiting the best people and helping them perform at the highest level through career development and leadership training. We aspire to have each McKesson associate feel that they will have a long and fruitful career with the company. We apply extra focus and energy to develop our high performers as we look to create a robust pipeline of future leaders. The tenure and experience of our management team ensure that we simultaneously deliver excellent results while planning for McKesson's long-term success. Across the company, we demonstrate our commitment to better health in personal ways, as well. From the more than 10,000 employees who have achieved platinum or gold status in our wellness program to the 12,500 employees who came together in 184 locations to create comfort kits for cancer patients, better health truly starts with each of us. Our shared ICARE (integrity, customer-first, accountability, respect and excellence) and ILEAD (inspire, leverage, execute, advance and develop) principles guide all that we do. These foundational values help advance our company across every dimension to create maximum value for our customers and make McKesson a great place to work for our associates. Focus Ahead I expect the pace of change in our industry will only accelerate during fiscal year 2017. Although these challenges can be daunting, they present significant opportunities for McKesson as our business partners look to us to help them navigate through the turbulence and strengthen their own competitive standing. Ultimately, I believe there are few companies better situated for success in the global healthcare market than McKesson. Our extensive assets, global scale, market knowledge and experienced management team put us in a unique position among our industry peers. We put our shareholders' investment to work in the smartest way possible to ensure we continue to lead in the markets in which we compete. We are committed to meeting our customers' needs--today and tomorrow. I couldn't be more excited about what the future holds--and I hope you are, too. Our company has never been more aligned with our fundamental mission: helping our customers achieve better business health in the name of better health for all. On behalf of our entire organization, thank you for your ongoing commitment to McKesson. John H. Hammergren Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer McKesson Corporation

