2 0 0 3

a letter from your

M D C MA NAG E M E N T T E AM

S T R E N G T H
"2003 WAS THE STRONGEST AND MOST SUCCESSFUL OF OUR 32 YEARS IN BUSINESS. THE MILESTONES WE ACHIEVED THIS YEAR NOT ONLY HELPED US DELIVER THESE OUTSTANDING RESULTS, BUT THEY ALSO PUT US IN POSITION TO EXCEL IN 2004 ."

- L a rry A. Mizel, Chairman and Chief Executive Off i c e r
ANOTHER STRONG YEAR
2003 was another year of record-setting performance for MDC . We ach i eved new highs for rev enues, net income, home orders and ho me closings. And both our homebuilding and mortgage lending businesses produced the best results in our history. The hard work, skill and commitment of our more than 2,800 em p l oyees resulted in our closing 11,211 homes and generating revenues of $2.9 billion and net income of $212 million, or $7.00 per share ­ a record for the sixth consecutive year. During the third qu a rter of 2003, we proudly delivered our 100,000th h ome since we bega n building homes in 1977. This milestone demonstrates our tradition of success in, and commitment to, this industry. The strong demand for new homes in most of our markets, combined with our successful expansion in new and ex i s ting market s , con tri buted to our record 12,630 home orders in 2003, which is almost 30 percent higher than in 2002. Despite some concern in the investm ent com mu n i tythat the housing m a rket was slowing, we actually ex tended our string of record mon t h ly home orders to 22 months, with a 40 percent ye a r- over- year increase in Decem ber. These strong orders contributed to our highest ever year-end backlog of 5,593 homes, valued at $1.6 billion, enabling us to begin 2004 with great momentum. The primary factors con tri buting to our su ccess in 2003 were our disciplined financial managem ent and com m i tm en t to excell en ce. New purchasing stra tegi e s , tech n o l ogy initi a tives and other operati onal improvem ents hel ped us to bet ter m a n a ge our resources and stren g t h en our alre ady solid financial po s i ti on. in 2003. Du ring the ye a r, Standard & Poor 's, Moody 's Inve s tors Servi ce and F i tch Rati n gs issu ed ra ti n gs upgrades of M DC 's senior notes, all at the "investment grade" l evel . These acti ons place MDC among an elite group of only five homebuilders that have received investment grade ratings from all three agencies. E ach agency recogn i zed our out s t a n d i n g returns, disciplined approach to expansion, incre a s edgeogra phic diversification of our opera ti on s , con s erva tive land acquisition policies and strong balance sheet. Ach i eving these upgrades has been a long-standing goal for our Company and is a source of tremendous pride for all of us at MDC.

STRENGTHENED BALANCE SHEET
Our balance sheet has never been more solid, and our perform a n ce in 2003 furt h er strengthened our financial position. Among our accomplishments, we: · Accumulated more than $1 billion in stockholder's equity by the end of 2003.

INVESTMENT GRADE PERFORMANCE
We are parti c u l a rly pleased that our positi on as a perform a n ce leader in the h om ebuilding indu s try was validated by the three major credit rating agencies

4 5

2 0 0 3

a letter from your

M D C MANAG E M E N T TE AM  c o n t i n u e d )

· Is su ed $350 million of 5 1/2 percent 10year senior note s , and red e em ed ou r $175 million of 83/8 percent senior note s . · Lowered our ne t debt-to-capital ratio to .24, one of the lowest in our industry. · Generated a 140 basis point increase in our return on average equity, exceeding 20 percent for the sixth year in a row. · En d edthe year with almost $780 million in cash and borrowing capa ci ty, with no outstanding borrowi n gs on our $600 million homebuilding credit faci l i ty. Our primary objective has been to translate the strength o f our balance s h eet and our su peri or retu rns into shareowner value. We have sought to accomplish this with a balanced p rogram focuse d on investments in our Company's gro wth, complemented by share repurchases and the payment of divi dends. Accordingly, in the first qu a rter of 2003, we repurchased an equivalent of almost 800,000 shares of MDC common stock at an average restated cost of just over $33 per share. This price is lower than our year-end stockholders'

equity per share of $34.40. In addition, in August, we raised our quarterly dividend by over 70 percent to $.125, which is among the highest in our industry.

to make MDC a better place to work, we have been able to attract, develop and retain the high-caliber people needed to continue profitable growth. Our achievements in 2003 give us great confidence that we can continue as one of America's top homebuilders in 2004 and beyon d . Looking ahead , we are position ed to capitalize on an improvi n g econ omy, s trong dem ogra phic tren d s and competitive advantages available to large,well - c a p i t a l i ze dbu i l ders like MDC. As a result, we ex pect 2004 to be another great year for our Company. To our employee s , whose ded i c a ti on and h a rd work made this year so su ccessful, we ex tend our sincere apprec i a ti on . We also apprec i a te the work of our su bcontractors and other business partn ers who have hel ped us become a bi gger, s tron ger Company. Our su ccesses have been made po s s i ble by the com m i tm en t and vi s i on of our Boa rd of Di rectors , for wh om we are extrem ely gra tef u l . And finally, on beh a l f of our en tire managem ent team, we ex press our gra ti tu de to yo u , our shareown ers, for the con ti nu ed support of our Company.

CONTINUED EXPANSION
The big story for MDC in 2003 was growt h . We con ti nu ed to expand in most of our ex i s ting market s , wh i ch we ex pect to fuel the majori ty of our growt h in 2004. We initi a ted start-up opera ti ons in five new market s , with Houston and San Antonio expected to produ ce hom e cl o s i n gs in 2004, and Chicago, West Florida and Philadel ph i a / Delaw a re Valley contributing to our growth in 2005. And finally, in Septem ber, we acquired the assets of Crawford Homes, a small builder in Jacksonville, giving us immediate entry into this market. One of the hallmarks of MDC is our experienced management team and our highly skilled staff. As the Company grows, we have an increasing need for capable leaders throughout our organiz a ti on . By i n s ti tuting training and development programs for staff at all l evels, as well as other initi a tives de s i gn ed

LA R RY A. MIZEL
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

DAVID D. MANDARICH
President and Chief Operating Officer

PARIS G. REECE III
Ex e c u tive Vi ce Pre s i d en t and Chief Financial Of f i cer

6 7

