DRIVING LONG-TERM SHAREOWNER VALUE
Our ongoing success drives us toward our ultimate goal of creating long-term value for our shareowners. To that end:  We invested more than $1.0 billion of additional capital in our homebuilding operations, which enabled us to produce an exceptional 2005 after-tax return on average stockholders' equity of more than 30%.  In the 2005 fourth quarter, we paid a $0.25 per share dividend, which was 39% higher than the 2005 third quarter and 117% higher than the dividend paid in the 2004 fourth quarter. In the past 24 months, MDC's quarterly dividend has almost tripled, and has increased by almost 1,500% over the last ten years.  In October, MDC's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 4.0 million shares of the Company's common stock, increasing the number of shares available to be repurchased under its prior authorization by 1.9 million. MDC's adherence to a disciplined operating strategy is intended to limit risk for our shareowners, while permitting us to grow earnings and improve operating returns over the past decade. This strategy builds on a tradition of sound management and planning, which emphasizes a disciplined land acquisition policy and stringent market selection techniques. We target first-time and first-time move-up buyers as our primary customers, a group that typically comprises the majority of homebuyers in the United States. In addition, the number of repeat move-up buyers at higher price points continues to grow, with some customers returning to buy their second, third or fourth Richmond American home.

A BLUEPRINT FOR GROWTH
Our successes in 2005 can be attributed in part to our highly effective land strategy, which is governed by our conservative operating model. In addition to strict review of spec inventories and backlog, this model requires a disciplined and critical underwriting of our land acquisition transactions and, perhaps most importantly, a focus on maintaining control of a limited, two-year supply of entitled lots in most markets or subdivisions in which we build. By limiting our lot commitments and diversifying our geographic profile, we have enhanced our ability to react to changes in market conditions. We have the flexibility to change price points, product or location within a given market, or to allocate capital to markets that have a greater potential for improved performance. This approach has not only helped us to capture a top-three market share in both Phoenix and Las Vegas, where demand has been very strong, but also to maintain our position among the leaders in Colorado, where demand has been softer. Additionally, it has allowed us to increase capital allocations to many of our other long-standing operations, as well as to our relatively new operations as opportunities arise. As a result, we have strengthened our presence in most of our markets across the country, including a top-five market share in nine of the nation's strongest markets. Our dedication to geographic expansion is evident in the fact that two of those top-five positions are in Salt Lake City and Jacksonville, markets we entered in the past three years. As we look to 2006, we are excited about anticipated growth in several of our other new markets, including Florida, Delaware Valley and Illinois, where we expect to capitalize on our expanded geographic footprint.

CONTINUED FINANCIAL STRENGTH
Overall in 2005, MDC demonstrated to customers, employees and shareowners that, in today's changing marketplace, we have created a solid foundation for ongoing success, exemplified by the following:  Stockholders' equity at Dec. 31, 2005 increased 38% to almost $2.0 billion.  In January 2005, we increased our homebuilding line of credit to more than $1.0 billion, with the ability to raise it another $250 million, subject to additional commitments from our banks.  In July 2005, we issued $250 million of 5 3/8 % senior notes under our medium-term notes program.  Our financial flexibility improved with an increase in our shelf registration to $1.0 billion, with $500 million earmarked for our medium-term notes program.  Our cash and available borrowing capacity at year-end 2005 totaled more than $1.2 billion. In 2006 and beyond, we intend to maintain our conservative operating structure, which should prepare us well for a variety of market conditions.

A GROUNDBREAKING YEAR AHEAD
Following our best-ever year in 2005, and given our record year-end backlog with a sales value 27% higher than a year earlier, our 21% year-over-year increase in active subdivisions and the anticipated contributions from some of our newest divisions, we look to the future with optimism. We believe we are well-positioned to produce new Company highs for home closings, revenues and earnings in 2006. Going forward, we will continue to build upon our national reputation. We have created a foundation for success based on homebuilding expertise, industry leadership and targeted land acquisitions-- strategic attributes that should reap rewards in 2006 and beyond. 2005 was a year of tremendous accomplishments. We could not have achieved these successes without the dedication and support of our employees, customers, suppliers and our Board of Directors. To each of these groups, along with our shareowners, we offer our gratitude and appreciation.

DAVID D. MANDARICH
President and Chief Operating Officer

LARRY A. MIZEL
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

PARIS G. REECE III
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

