TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
   “Our 2015 full-year results reflect the impact of our initiatives to date. We believe our capabilities and competencies as well as our backlog and operating income have significantly strengthened McDermott in an extremely challenging market.”
2015 was a year of significant progress.
When I last wrote, we were in the middle of
an operational and financial turnaround. This turnaround is now complete with progress being driven by improved execution and a change in culture, which build a strong financial foundation. I am especially pleased that all areas were operationally profitable on an adjusted basis in the fourth quarter of 2015.
We enter 2016 confidently with over 80 percent of expected 2016 revenues in backlog and a strong bidding pipeline.
Our 2015 full-year results reflect the impact
of our initiatives to date. We believe our capabilities and competencies as well as our backlog and operating income have significantly
strengthened McDermott in an extremely challenging market.
We also furthered improvements to our reputation and relationships with major customers and business partners, as shown
by orders of $3.7 billion in 2015, compared
with $1.1 billion in 2014. Additionally, our consistent focus on customer engagement and the recognition of McDermott’s strong brand reputation was demonstrated through signing the second Long Term Agreement (“LTA II”) with Saudi Aramco, and more recently, winning the significant ONGC Vashishta award in India. This success also exhibits our ability to balance the geographic portfolio while remaining a leader in the Middle East. Our firm commitment
MCDERMOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 1

LETTER CONTINUED
   to addressing customers’ needs and focus on maintaining relationships allows us to win work in this competitive environment.
DELIVERING PROJECTS THE
“MCDERMOTT WAY”
Our success begins with a vertically integrated offering and strong project execution as our world-class workforce is able to develop innovative solutions to meet the complex needs of our customers and execute to McDermott’s global quality and safety standards. The installation and hook up of PEMEX’s PB-Litoral jacket and topsides marked McDermott’s first use of the ‘floatover’ method of installation in Mexico, and we successfully completed this project ahead of schedule. We earned special commendations from Saudi Aramco for the Karan 45 project progressing ahead of schedule and the Abu Ali cables project being completed ahead of schedule. Also, we successfully completed the Manifa Field Development’s offshore installation scope and are currently
executing the Lump Sum project awarded under the LTA II according to schedule. We have achieved all agreed-upon milestones on the INPEX Ichthys project, including fabrication of most of the large lifted structures in the Batam Island yard. Our scope of work on this project continues to be the industry’s largest subsea project to date. We have also successfully completed all of the offshore work on the complex Brunei Shell pipeline replacement project, which required over 2.5 million man- hours and involved approximately 2,800 people working offshore for the 2015 campaign.
TAKING THE LEAD WITH QHSES
McDermott continues to maintain an industry leading safety performance. We remain dedicated to the health, safety, environment
and security of our employees, contractors
and customers, with notable achievements in safety in many areas of our operations. These achievements include our Jebel Ali yard reaching 30 million man-hours lost time incident (“LTI”)
2 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

                                                                                            MCDERMOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 3
QHSES McDermott remains dedicated to the
health, safety, environment
and security of our employees, contractors and customers, with notable achievements in safety in many areas of our operations. These achievements include our Jebel Ali yard reaching 30 million man-hours lost time incident free, Marine Operations reaching 5 million man-hours LTI free and the Derrick Barge 27 reaching
12 million man-hours and
12 years LTI free.
     
 People Our success
begins with a vertically integrated offering and
strong project execution as our world-class workforce is able to develop innovative solutions to meet the complex needs of our customers and execute to McDermott’s global quality and safety standards. We strive to focus on talent and strengthening our now significant core capabilities
to further our operational
and financial success in 2016 and beyond.
                                                                                                                               4 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

LETTER CONTINUED
   free, Marine Operations reaching 5 million man-hours LTI free and the Derrick Barge 27 reaching 12 million man-hours and 12 years LTI free.
CONTINUED FINANCIAL DISCIPLINE
As mentioned last year, we undertook the McDermott Profitability Initiative (“MPI”) to increase organizational efficiencies, centralize various front and back office functions and leverage global scale. We are now substantially complete with MPI, which has successfully brought change to our overall cost structure and addressed our fixed costs, while still maintaining the revenue and capacity potential of the company. As a result, our legacy loss project portfolio has decreased from five material projects at the end of 2014 to two material projects at the end of 2015.
As part of our new cost culture, we proactively seek new ways of continuously improving
our cost structure. As such, we initiated the Additional Overhead Reduction program
(“AOR”) in the fourth quarter of 2015. This program will include personnel reductions affecting direct operating expense as well as SG&A and is expected to be substantially completed in the first quarter of 2016.
BUILDING OUR REPUTATION
Our reputation in the market continues to grow and our relationships with major customers and business partners continue to strengthen. This improvement was exhibited by our entry back into the offshore market in India through winning the ONGC Vashishta project in consortium with Larsen and Toubro, as well as our successful partnership with Heerema on the INPEX Ichthys project in Australia. As for our organization,
we strive to focus on talent and strengthening our now significant core capabilities to further our operational and financial success in 2016 and beyond.
ENHANCING OUR CAPABILITIES
We are also on track for delivery of our new flagship vessel, the derrick lay vessel 2000
MCDERMOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 5

LETTER CONTINUED
   (DLV 2000). The DLV 2000 will add high-end capabilities and versatility to our existing fleet. As the new flagship of our fleet, the DLV 2000 will allow us to utilize a single vessel on projects requiring a combination of pipelay, heavy lift
and deck space for structures and offshore workforce accommodation that would normally be executed by multiple vessels. We expect the DLV 2000 to provide us with a key asset for
field development in remote locations through the combination of these versatile construction capabilities and fast transit speed. The DLV 2000 is scheduled to work in 2016 and 2017 on the INPEX Ichthys and Woodside Greater Western Flank Phase II projects in Australia, respectively.
STRATEGY IN ACTION
As we execute our strategy in 2016, we are focused on the execution of current projects
and bidding new work to secure 2017 and 2018 backlog through the increased capabilities and competencies of our organization, leveraging our relationships with customers and partners, and maximizing our vertically integrated capabilities
as a differentiator. We also expect to remain focused on maintaining our new standard of operational execution. Given the continued backdrop of a lower-for-longer oil price environment, our order intake focus remains centered on three core themes:
• Markets where capital is available for investment
• Brownfield and producing basins with the lowest production costs
• National oil companies who remain committed to their production levels
We will concentrate on the items that we can control including customer alignment, asset utilization, cost management and liquidity culture. With our newly developed cost culture,
I believe we are more cost competitive than ever and will strive to remain so in the future as we scale our business to match customer demand.
LEVERAGING THE MOMENTUM
McDermott has completed the turnaround phase we started in 2014, and I believe we
6 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

                                                                                                                         MCDERMOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 7
Project Management
McDermott earned special commendations from Saudi Aramco for the Karan 45 project progressing ahead
of schedule and the Abu Ali cables project being completed ahead of schedule. Also, we successfully completed the Manifa Field Development’s offshore installation scope and are currently executing the Lump Sum project awarded under the LTA II according
to schedule.
       
 Partnerships Our reputa-
tion in the market continues
to grow and our relationships with major customers and business partners continue to strengthen. This improvement was exhibited by our entry back into the offshore market in India through winning the ONGC Vashishta project in consortium with Larsen and Toubro, as well as our successful partnership with Heerema on the INPEX Ichthys project in Australia.
                                                                                                         8 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

LETTER CONTINUED
    are well positioned with the right culture and organizational structure to address the current macro cycle, as well as markets when they return. With a substantial portion of expected 2016 revenue in backlog, we look forward to a solid year.
I would like to acknowledge the employees of McDermott and thank them for the hard work and dedication through the turnaround process. Their drive and focus has resulted in a stronger McDermott.
I would also like to thank McDermott’s investors, customers and partners for your continued commitment and support. Your loyalty is extremely important as we leverage the momentum of 2015 and look to the future.
Sincerely,
David Dickson
President and Chief Executive Officer
      MCDERMOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC. 9
