“McDermott produced many accomplishments during 2005 but without question, I generate the most pride from the generosity, persistence and determination demonstrated by McDermott’s employees.”
Fellow ShareholderS
our company, McDermott International, Inc. (“McDermott”), is a world- wide energy services company, providing engineering, procurement, construction and installation services and manufactured products through its three “franchise name”subsidiaries. The overarching theme between the businesses is energy – whether the source is coal, nuclear or oil & gas. The
world’s appetite for energy is growing, and McDermott is well-positioned to assist its customers in supplying it.
BWX technologies, Inc. (“BWXt”) provides nuclear components, equipment and services, primarily for the u.S. navy, and it manages and operates (“M&o”) various sites for the u.S. Department of energy. BWXt serves our nation’s defense industry and is the primary business reflected in our “government operations” segment. J. Ray McDermott, S.A. (“J. Ray”) is a leader in marine construction services for the worldwide offshore oil and gas industry. J. Ray’s operations are reflected in our “marine construction services” segment. together, govern- ment operations and marine construction services are the primary business segments represented in McDermott’s consolidated financial statements in the attached Form 0-K. our third subsidiary, the Babcock & Wilcox Company (“B&W”), returned to McDermott’s consolidated financial statements in March 2006 as our “power generation systems” segment, reflecting a transformational change for our company.
B&W was deconsolidated from McDermott’s financial statements after its Chapter  bankruptcy filing in early 2000. B&W’s insolvency was never related to its normal business operations, but rather was the result of an overwhelming number of claims filed against it alleging exposure to asbestos. even in bankruptcy, McDermott still managed and operated B&W, and, like our other businesses, B&W has enjoyed a strong improvement in its results. As you will read below, the revised bankruptcy settlement reached in 2005 enabled McDer- mott to retain B&W for our shareholders.
the StoRMS oF 2005
While most of this letter will focus on the positive developments and strong financial results that McDermott produced in 2005, my first comments surrounding the last 2 months must begin with the storms we endured. the year started in the aftermath of the tsunami that flooded much of South east Asia, and was followed by the devastating hurricanes that pounded the u.S. Gulf Coast. As a worldwide operator, McDermott has employees and operations in both of these affected regions. our company was truly blessed that there was no loss of employee life and secondarily, that our operations were largely unscathed. our luck in no way should imply these events were easy to navigate. homes, communities, businesses and lives were lost; governments and relief agencies were tested as never before.

2005 AnnuAl RepoRt
“ The overarching theme between the businesses is energy – whether the source is coal, nuclear or oil & gas. The world’s appetite for energy is growing, and McDermott is well-positioned to assist its customers
in supplying it.”

As you’ll read later, McDermott produced many accomplishments during 2005 but without question, I generate the most pride from the generosity, persistence and determination demonstrated by McDermott’s employees. the Company and its employees contributed over $ million to the relief efforts for these disasters. our new orleans-based co-workers quickly relocated to houston and kept the company moving forward despite the unimaginable turmoil in their personal lives. other McDermott workers opened their homes, hearts and communities to those affected. In all, we pulled together in the face of adversity and kept McDermott moving ahead.
CoMpletIon oF ReMAInInG pRIoRItIeS
on the cover of last year’s annual report we highlighted six key priorities that we sought to resolve during 2004. Most of these were checked as completed symbolizing a successful year. however, two critical items remained: Resolve B&W’s Chapter  Bankruptcy and Grow J. Ray’s Backlog.
For the past several years, I had indicated in my letter to shareholders that B&W’s Chapter  proceedings would likely be resolved through one of two paths – either the previously negotiated settlement, which included giving all of B&W’s operations to a plaintiffs’ trust, or the preferred path: that B&W would emerge from bankruptcy through passage of national asbestos legislation (the “FAIR Act”). however, early in 2005 we concluded that there was a third, more favorable option and that our shareholders shouldn’t have to depend on legislation to retain ownership of B&W. After months of negotiations, we announced in August a revised settlement agreement that enabled McDermott to retain ownership of B&W regardless of the status of the FAIR Act. After fighting the asbestos battle for six years now, it is truly gratifying that McDermott has retained B&W as a contributing subsidiary with its asbestos past put behind us.
the second priority remaining from 2004 related to J. Ray’s backlog. Since the second half of 2002, the primary focus for our marine construction business had been to improve execution and profitability. We saw no reason to add new major projects if we questioned our ability to deliver them profitably. During this time, J. Ray’s earnings and performance improved dramatically, but its backlog had declined, reaching a low-point of $930 million at June 30, 2005. As J. Ray began the process of rebuilding backlog, it followed a regimented approach: bid on projects selectively, improve its controls and processes, identify risks and contingencies, and importantly, maintain the financial disciplines it has set for itself. In the third quarter of 2005, the trend ended abruptly – as J. Ray recorded approximately $ billion of new awards. Going forward, J. Ray’s markets appear strong and its prospects look bright for additional awards for the foreseeable future.
Although these two items were not finished in the desired calendar year (i.e. 2004), we never took these issues off our list. With our diligence in 2005, we can now consider these items complete as well.
2005 – A SpeCIAl YeAR
Despite the challenges we faced, 2005 will be remembered as an unprecedented year in terms of our accomplishments and success. A few of the major highlights include:
• B&W and McDermott negotiated the revised settlement for B&W’s Chapter , were
successful in resolving any potential objections to the plan, received the necessary court
approvals, obtained exit financing and effected the settlement on February 22, 2006.
• BWXt-led consortia received multi-year extensions to continue the M&o activities at the pantex and Y-2 sites, and BWXt joined in the winning consortium for the los Alamos
“ Despite the challenges we faced, 2005 will be remembered as an unprecedented year in terms of our accomplish- ments and success.”
 national laboratory contract.
MCDeRMott InteRnAtIonAl, InC.
2

“The energy industries we serve look to be in an upturn, and McDermott will have B&W contributing again in 2006 and beyond. Our success and achieve- ments have not gone unnoticed. McDermott shares appreciated 143% in 2005.”
• As part of the DynMcDermott petroleum operations consortium, BWXt won the national Malcolm Baldrige Award for Quality in service operations for its work at the Strategic petroleum Reserve.
• J. Ray was awarded $.8 billion of new work from customers across the globe, formed a new joint venture with Keppel FelS for offshore floating production platforms, continued to build its cash reserves and signed a $05 million letter-of-credit facility.
• the corporate group achieved success as well. the major credit rating agencies upgraded their ratings on McDermott and our subsidiaries. We redeemed over $50 million of medium- term notes, negotiated new credit facilities at BWXt and B&W, added two new members to our Board of Directors and additional talent to our senior management team, relocated our corporate offices to houston and shared in the accomplishments of our segments.
• McDermott’s consolidated results, still excluding B&W’s performance, reflected these achievements and our focus on execution. McDermott earned $98.0 million of net income, or $2.72 per fully diluted share.
After 2005, I’m as optimistic about McDermott as I’ve ever been. the energy industries we serve look to be in an upturn, and McDermott will have B&W contributing again in 2006. our success and achievements have not gone unnoticed. McDermott shares appreci- ated 43% in 2005, following returns of 54% and 73% in the preceding two years.
BetteR hoRIzonS AheAD
As I look out to our future, it’s a better horizon than I’ve seen in our recent past. In the previous five times I began a new year as McDermott’s Ceo, I knew early-on that a battle was looming, a crisis was near or there were fires to extinguish – and in all those years, B&W’s future with McDermott was in doubt. today, it’s a new view, as the horizon appears much more stable and the issues more manageable. Although McDermott begins 2006 from a better starting posi- tion, there is still much work to be accomplished this year and beyond.
After years in a turnaround mode, the common theme for our business going forward is producing and managing profitable growth. As I indicated earlier, energy by all accounts is in record demand across the board: coal, nuclear and oil & gas. energy markets have historically been cyclical and as a result, like all engineering and construction companies, our results have been “lumpy,” for lack of a better word. Most forecasters are predicting that this demand- driven cycle for the energy industry will be longer lived than the others of recent decades.
Factors driving today’s growth for McDermott include the historically high prices of crude oil and natural gas, steady increases in fuel and electricity demand, environmental regulations, an aging infrastructure and the development of new energy sources.
While our businesses serve different sets of customers, there are interdependencies in our operations and growth prospects. the surge in the price of natural gas has not only benefited J. Ray, it has also restored demand for B&W’s coal-fired power generation capabilities. During the past two decades America had only a modest amount of new coal-fired power plant activity; today B&W’s customers are considering a large number of new coal-fired power plants and continuing the ongoing environmental retrofits of existing plants. J. Ray’s product offerings, in contrast to B&W’s, are almost exclusively for new structures, leading to more volatile earnings trends. While business is now good for original equipment, J. Ray will explore for growth in areas that provide repeatable revenues. BWXt is a leader in nuclear operations, primarily for governmental sectors. BWXt is looking to expand its customer base and reach, as well as its product offerings. With the prospects of new commercial nuclear plants returning to America, we must determine the optimum strategy to combine BWXt’s expertise with B&W’s contacts and existing nuclear activities to best engage this renewing market.
3
2005 AnnuAl RepoRt
      03 04 05
J. Ray McDermott Backlog
Dollars in Billions
      03 04 05
BWXT Backlog
Dollars in Billions
$1.8 $1.7 $1.8
$1.4 $1.2 $1.8

If growth is the common opportunity, probably the universal constraint is people. McDermott’s workforce is second to none. like most in the energy sector, however, it is aging, especially in our management ranks. With the growth initiatives that lie ahead, we will be challenged to attract enough talented individuals to position McDermott for its opportunities. Since our competition is in the same predicament, our managers must endeavor to keep our staff motivated, challenged and committed. Finally, we must prepare the next generation of leaders for McDermott. Succession planning will be a major focus throughout the organization.
After discussion of the predominant opportunities and constraints, it probably makes sense to include the wildcard. under B&W’s revised settlement, total payments of either $375 million or $955 million will be made by our company, of which $350 million was paid on the February 22, 2006 effective date. Which total amount is ultimately paid will be determined by the status of the FAIR Act as of november 30, 2006. If legislation becomes binding law by that date, the amount is $375 million. If the FAIR Act has not become law by then, we will be responsible for the larger amount. the rationale behind these contingent payments was that McDermott needed certainty that B&W would remain part of its future, but we also wanted to ensure that shareholders retained roughly the same economics as indicated under the draft legislation.
the united States Senate began consideration of the FAIR Act in February 2006. the legislation was never officially voted upon because it failed to overcome a procedural “budget point of order” brought forth by the bill’s opponents, falling two votes short. While the bill’s future is in doubt, the Senate Majority leader has indicated his desire to bring the legislation back to the floor if the necessary votes can be obtained. For the asbestos impaired, for business and for our court system, the FAIR Act is far superior to the status quo. this legislation is needed, and I hope you will join me in voicing support.
there are other opportunities and issues on the horizon as well, but overall this provides a fairly encompassing state of the business, discussing the major items affecting your company. the attached Form 0-K provides much more detail and information, particularly on McDermott’s financial results, so I encourage you to review it fully.
It’s my great honor to be the Chairman and Chief executive officer of McDermott International, Inc. Again, I want to thank the employees of the McDermott family for all their dedication and persistence throughout 2005. It’s a result of their efforts that our horizon has improved.
03 04 05
Babcock & Wilcox Backlog
Dollars in Billions
      “If growth is the common opportunity, probably the universal constraint is people. McDermott’s workforce is second to none. Like most in the energy sector, however, it is aging...Succession planning will be a major focus throughout
the organization.”
Best regards,
Bruce w. wilkinson
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
  4
MCDeRMott InteRnAtIonAl, InC.
$1.1 $1.5 $2.1
