Fellow Shareholders
Despite the challenges that the world economy has had on all
of industry – your Company, McDermott international, inc. (“McDermott” or the “Company”), is embracing the change of a new era by engaging in activities to further unlock opportunities for our shareholders.
McDermott, as many of you know, has traditionally conducted its operations through two major operating subsidiaries:
• the Babcock & wilcox Company (“B&w”), which largely represents two of our reported segments (power Generation Systems and Government Operations); and
• J. ray McDermott, S.a. (“J. ray”), which primarily comprises our Offshore Oil & Gas Construction segment.
a key catalyst to support these opportunities was announced during 2009, when McDermott’s Board of Directors determined that our shareholders’ interests will best be served by separating the Company’s subsidiaries into two independent, publicly traded companies. as such, we intend to implement this decision by issuing B&w’s shares to McDermott stockholders on a pro rata own- ership basis, which is expected to occur in the second half of 2010. McDermott, following the sep- aration, will consist of J. ray’s offshore oil and gas construction business, while your new shares of B&w will represent the power generation systems and government operations businesses.
i will discuss several of the opportunities available to us to unlock value later in this letter, including more information about the planned separation. But first, let me provide a brief overview of our 2009 results, which solidified the foundation for many of these future endeavors.
The Year in Review: Secure in a Difficult Environment
while 2009 would be defined by most businesses and individuals as an uncertain, challenging economic time, McDermott, by contrast, remained secure in this difficult environment. we began 2009 in the midst of the global financial crisis, with unpredictable commodity prices, depressed equity markets, government bailouts and frozen credit markets. all-in-all, global business seemed paralyzed. Compounding these macro issues, over $1 billion in work remained on the Company’s challenging pipeline projects in the Middle East that had dampened our 2008 results and were not forecast to contribute to profits in 2009.
in my view, McDermott was highly successful navigating the challenges we faced throughout the past year, and our investors seemingly concurred as the Company’s shares appreciated approximately 143 percent during 2009. while i recommend you fully review the attached Form 10-K for the complete details of our annual results, a partial summary of the significant financial highlights includes:
• Full-year revenues for 2009 were almost $6.2 billion, the second-highest level in Company history;
• total operating income was nearly $550 million, representing an operating margin of nearly 9.0%;
• net income of $387.1 million generated earnings per share of $1.66 for 2009;
• Bookings and new awards of $4.5 billion helped produce a year-end backlog of $8.1 billion;
• McDermott’s financial flexibility remained strong at year end with more than $1.2 billion in
cash, cash equivalents and investments with virtually no funded debt outstanding; and
• Our Company’s safety statistics remain among the best in our industry.
the key to our success in 2009 was McDermott’s 29,000 employees. Despite the global economic crisis that affected many of our employees personally, the complex and challenging workload they undertake every day, and their various activities to consider and prepare for the Company’s separation – our employees remained committed to assisting our customers in achiev- ing their goals, which in turn provides our shareholders with a solid investment. i appreciate all the employees of McDermott for their commitment, dedication and efforts.
3
    
4
A Key Development for the Future: Separating McDermott’s Subsidiaries
as i mentioned, McDermott announced its plans to separate our subsidiaries into two independent, publicly traded companies, which we anticipate to occur during 2010.
this separation will be a transformational event for McDermott, and i believe it will provide numer- ous benefits for our shareholders, each company and other stakeholder groups. Selected benefits resulting from the transaction include:
• an improved position to accelerate growth as a result of each company’s corporate strategy, market opportunities, free cash flow and customer relationships;
• a more efficient allocation of capital, allowing each company to develop an investment program without the constraints of a holding company structure;
• two distinct publicly traded stocks that can be used for future acquisitions;
• Completion of the transaction should eliminate the risk posed by recent modifications in the
rules under the Federal acquisition regulations (“Far”) that limit the u.S. Government’s ability
to contract with “inverted” companies and their subsidiaries; and
• a sharpened management focus and strategic vision, and closer alignment of incentives with
shareholder value creation.
Considering the strides made by each of our businesses in recent years and as their respective performance improved, the attractiveness of their potential on a stand-alone basis has become more evident. when evaluating the growth initiatives and the largely autonomous nature of our operations in concert with the recent changes in the rules under the Far, this transaction is the best way for B&w to continue serving the u.S. Government’s defense and nuclear operations objectives, while also enhancing long-term value for McDermott’s shareholders.
i believe both B&w and J. ray are well positioned to operate as well capitalized, independent public companies. upon completion of the transaction, McDermott shareholders will own two stand-alone, highly focused, pure-play companies. Below is a brief overview of each company:
B&W OvERvIEW
B&w is a leading technology innovator in the power generation industry, a specialty manufacturer of nuclear components and a premier service provider. it has a rich legacy spanning more than 140 years. B&w designs, engineers, manufactures, supplies and constructs power generation sys- tems and environmental control systems, primarily for large utility and industrial customers, as well as provides related aftermarket parts and services. For its largest customer, the u.S. Government, B&w supplies nuclear components for defense programs and manages and operates nuclear facil- ities and environmental management sites.
i am delighted that Brandon C. Bethards will continue to serve as B&w’s president and Chief Executive Officer, and he will join B&w’s Board of Directors upon completion of the separation. i also plan to join Brandon on the B&w Board as non-executive Chairman and play an integral role in establishing B&w as a stand-alone publicly traded company.
J. RAy MCDERMOTT OvERvIEW
J. ray is a leading engineering, construction and installation company focused on the offshore upstream oil and gas market. it provides front-end design and detailed engineering, construction and installation of offshore production facilities, pipelines and subsea systems. J. ray’s customers include national and major oil and gas companies worldwide, and it has a significant presence in the americas, asia-pacific, Caspian and Middle East markets.
Stephen M. Johnson, who joined McDermott as president and Chief Operating Officer during 2009, has become J. ray’s president and Chief Executive Officer. this appointment was in connection with the previously announced retirement of robert a. Deason, J. ray’s former president and Chief Executive Officer. J. ray’s accomplishments during Bob Deason’s tenure were substantial and, frankly, provided the foundation to enable this transaction. i have just as much confidence in Steve Johnson to lead J. ray, as he has over 35 years of experience in the engineering and construction industry. upon completion of the separation, Steve will join the Board of Directors.
Creating two focused, pure-play companies
Each company will be better positioned to accelerate growth based on its distinct corporate strategy, market opportunities, free cash flow and customer relationships
More efficient allocation of capital, which would allow each company to develop an independent investment program without the constraints of a holding company structure
 
Elimination of the risk posed by recent modifications in the rules under the Federal Acquisition Regulations (“FAR”)
Sharpened management focus and strategic vision, and closer alignment of incentives with shareholder value creation
as of the date of this letter, completion of the spin-off remains subject to a number of conditions, including final approval by McDermott’s Board of Directors, confirmation of the tax-free nature
of the transaction, as well as an effective Form 10 registration statement to be filed with the
u.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
an undertaking of this magnitude is never easy, and again, i express my appreciation to our talented and dedicated employees, who will also be instrumental to the future success of B&w and J. ray.
Unlocking Opportunities for Value Creation
while i firmly believe that the separation of McDermott’s subsidiaries will position B&w and J. ray at the gateway for a bright future in the years ahead, the key for both in creating long-term share- holder value will be to unlock the numerous opportunities available to them as distinct companies.
throughout this annual report, we have provided highlights on some of these initiatives. this truly is an exciting time for both companies.
During 2009, B&w commenced its mpowerTM modular nuclear reactor design for the commercial nuclear power market. this idea has the potential to be game-changing in the industry, as the plants envisioned would be modular, scalable and cost-competitive with other alternatives for offer- ing power generation to the power grid. also during the year, B&w announced an agreement with a leading global healthcare products company to develop the medical isotopes used for imaging and nuclear medicine procedures. this program has the potential to supply more than 50 percent of u.S. demand, and it recently received financial support from the national nuclear Security administration. also, our efforts to capture CO2 from coal-fired power plants have achieved suc- cess in pilot-scale demonstrations, and our innovative solar receiver, designed and installed by B&w, has exceeded expectations during initial operations. these are just a few examples at
B&w and each are in early stages, but they all have the potential to be meaningful business lines.
Similarly, J. ray is continuing progress on a number of strategic goals to grow its business as well. while the business maintains its core focus in offshore oil & gas construction, including the con- ventional, subsea and floating markets, J. ray is looking to expand into new geographic regions, enhance its capabilities and modernize its assets. During 2009, J. ray made strides on new fabrication facilities, with land reclamation activities beginning in Kazakhstan, financing obtained in China for the FpSO joint venture and enhancements in Mexico to the altamira facility we opened recently. with regard to asset upgrades, J. ray’s new shallow-water lay barge is nearly complete and we expect to take possession of it by mid-2010. also, we entered into an ownership position of two entities that will provide us access to two new subsea vessels. Our engineering joint venture for floating offshore solutions, FloatEC, recently won its first major award, with a top-line value of approximately $1 billion. as envisioned when FloatEC was formed, the Jv will subcontract major components of this award to J. ray and our partner. again, just a small illustration of the
initiatives underway, but i believe J. ray has its sights on remaining the leader in its field.
A Boundless Future
it has been an honor to serve McDermott and its shareholders for more than 30 years now, rising from an engineer to the Chief Executive’s Office for these last 18 months. it has truly been a valuable experience, and i will join you in witnessing the emergence of new leadership for these companies as i enter the next stage of my life.
next year at this time, i hope you will be receiving two annual reports as an ongoing shareholder of both McDermott’s heirs. i look forward to following the boundless futures that i know these companies and their shareholders can enjoy on a stand-alone basis.
in closing, i want to thank you – McDermott’s owners – for allowing me to serve as Chief Executive Officer of your Company. and, i wish you all the best.
John A. Fees
Chief Executive Officer
5
  