                 Fellow Shareholders: As we all know now, 2008 proved to be perhaps the most severe year for the global financial markets in generations. Credit and lending became paralyzed worldwide, commodity prices reached peaks only
to collapse, numerous well-known companies failed or were on the brink, and governments across the globe initiated massive bailout programs in an effort to stem the crisis. The equity markets reflected these calamitous events, and virtually no investment was unscathed. The enormity of the financial crisis is evidenced by a review of the broad-based equity indices’ results for the year: the S&P 500 declined over 38%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell by a third, and the NASDAQ concluded its worst year ever by dropping over 40%.
    For the owners of McDermott International, Inc., unfortunately, our shares were not immune from
this global bear market. Although our shareholders had benefited significantly during the five-year period between 2002 and 2007, with McDermott’s stock value increasing on average over 100% per year during that time, in 2008 McDermott’s valuation in the public markets declined approximately 83% for the 12-month period – despite achieving its all-time high closing price of $66.32 in June. While we believe the global macro events and the expected impact of the global recession were the most significant factors impacting our stock price performance in 2008, the Company did experience certain operational issues which resulted in reduced operating income. As dis- cussed herein, however, McDermott’s financial results for 2008, in my opinion, were far superior than the impact to our valuation would indicate.
But first, let me ensure that all readers have the same overview of our Company. McDermott is a leading engineering & construction company, with specialty manufacturing and service capabilities, focused on energy infrastructure. The Company operates through three reported segments:
• Offshore Oil & Gas Construction • Power Generation Systems
• Government Operations
Together, these segments serve the major sources
of energy – nuclear, coal, oil and gas – as well as a growing renewable portfolio, including biomass, solar and waste-to-energy. Our exclusive focus on the energy markets is a differentiating characteristic for our Company, and we believe energy will remain the key catalyst required for worldwide growth. As highlighted throughout this report, much of the energy that many consumers may take for granted, starts here... with McDermott.
  2008 ANNUAL REPORT 1

                   Looking Back: 2008 in Review
Although 2008 may be a year investors choose to forget, there are numerous financial and operating highlights that are memorable. In many financial categories, the Company had one of the best years –
if not the best year – in our long history. For the complete details of our financial results, I recommend you fully review the attached Form 10-K, but a partial summary of the major accomplishments includes:
• Full-year revenues for 2008 exceeded $6.5 billion, a record top-line for the Company
• Total operating income was nearly $570 million, representing an operating margin of 8.6%
• Two of our segments – Power Generation Systems and Government Operations – generated record operating income for their respective businesses
• Net Income of $429.3 million, representing $1.86 per share, was the second best year in Company history, trailing only 2007
• Backlog of $9.8 billion ended the year near the high end of Company history
• The Company’s financial position remained strong with $1.1 billion in cash, equivalents and invest- ments with virtually no funded debt outstanding
• McDermott subsidiaries completed three acquisitions during the year at a total cost of approximately $200 million
• Our Company’s safety statistics remain among the best in our industry
Notwithstanding the numerous achievements, we also encountered execution problems that muted much of the enthusiasm. In our Offshore Oil &
Gas Construction segment, difficulties with a small number of projects in the Middle East resulted in approximately $160 million in project losses. After achieving over $400 million in segment income during 2007, the Offshore business earned only $146 million of segment income during 2008. Although this level of income would still be labeled a good year by historical comparisons, the year-over- year decline coupled with a lower margin outlook in the near-term was a sobering development. Going forward, we will address a number of lessons learned from this experience. However, our other two reported segments achieved new record levels
of segment income – exceeding our expectations.
Overall, we would term 2008 as a mixed year.
The Company delivered numerous highlights but not without challenges along the way, obviously including the decline in McDermott’s valuation. However, I believe that our segments and employees are resilient, our business model with diversified customers and projects is sound, and that McDermott’s future remains bright and worthy
of long-term investment.
  2 MCDERMOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC.

                 APPROXIMATELY 90% OF ELECTRICITY IN THE U.S. IS GENERATED BY COAL, NUCLEAR AND NATURAL GAS. MCDERMOTT’S POWER GENERATION SYSTEMS SEGMENT IS A LEADING SUPPLIER FOR COAL AND NUCLEAR POWER PLANTS, AND OFFSHORE OIL
& GAS CONSTRUCTION PARTICIPATES IN LARGE LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS PROJECTS WORLDWIDE.
     
                 CRUDE OIL IS THE VITAL INGREDIENT FOR GASOLINE. OVER 35% OF CRUDE OIL IS PRODUCED FROM OFFSHORE FIELDS. MCDERMOTT IS ONE OF THE LARGEST TURNKEY CONTRACTORS OF OFFSHORE FACILITIES, PIPELINES AND SUBSEA SYSTEMS.
        
                    Powering Ahead: 2009 and Beyond
Regardless of recent results or a stock’s historical performance, a significant determinant of a company’s value today is the market’s expectations for its future. Our Board of Directors, working in conjunction
with management, set a path forward a number of years ago with a strategy to enhance existing assets, expand geographically, re-enter the U.S. commercial nuclear market, pursue opportunistic acquisitions and, importantly, earn appropriate returns on all invested capital. These continue as our guideposts
for the future.
Shorter-term, clearly, the Company’s first goal is to complete the Middle East projects that recorded losses for McDermott in 2008 at or better than the revised cost-to-complete estimates. We view this challenge as an opportunity. Probably the best demonstration of our commitment to customers and shareholders will be to fulfill our obligations, within the current cost estimates, at the agreed-upon schedule and to utilize the knowledge from this experience to prevent it
from recurring.
In addition, we will continue to integrate the three acquisitions the Company made during 2008. We are pleased with the outstanding companies that joined the McDermott family this year. They each bring valuable franchises and outstanding personnel to our enterprise. However, buying great businesses alone isn’t sufficient. Our requirement is to maximize the growth opportunities and synergies that are available from a combined entity. We view the completion of an acquisition as the beginning of the value creation process for our shareholders, not the end.
As we continue to fulfill the aforementioned items commenced in the 2008 year, our new initiatives
this year will follow the path forward established with the Board. However, with economic uncertainties continuing, the return we require from investments has increased. While we view financial flexibility
as paramount – maintaining strong liquidity and borrowing capacity – opportunities are certainly available that we intend to pursue.
We have announced plans to enter Kazakhstan and China, as well as expand our Mexican facility, in the Offshore Construction business. We continue to explore opportunities to enhance our marine construction fleet. In our Power business, we are making progress and proceeding with our R&D efforts on CO2 capture and sequestration from coal- fired power plants – continuing our tradition of providing technological solutions for environmental issues. With our Government business’ acquisitions and record new awards of late, there is solid opportunity ahead in this segment as well.
Further out, we have announced a venture with a leading health care provider to utilize our nuclear expertise for the ultimate manufacture of medical isotopes used for imaging. McDermott also has plans to offer a new approach for nuclear power plants which could be game-changing. The plants envisioned would be modular, scalable and cost-competitive
with other alternatives for offering new electricity generation to the power grid. These are just a few examples – but our path forward is not limited by lack of opportunities – if anything, the current constraints could be a sufficient number of qualified people, capi- tal availability and the current economic uncertainty.
  2008 ANNUAL REPORT 5

                   John A. Fees
Chief Executive Officer
McDermott will power ahead in 2009 and beyond. The opportunities available to our Company are too large, the need for our services too great and the risk of inaction too high for the Company to turn timid. McDermott’s culture is to be humble in good times and confident in challenging ones. Reasonable people may disagree where the financial world, or our Company, is located on that scale, but McDermott and our people are looking to the future exhibiting both characteristics.
Energy Starts Here
As you may be aware, my tenure as Chief Executive Officer and a Board Member of McDermott began on October 1, 2008 in the midst of the global turmoil. I am humbled and honored to serve. The Company is fortunate that Ron Cambre commenced his new role as Chairman of the Board of Directors on the same date, following many years as a valued Board Member of the Company. Our shareholders’ interests will be represented by Mr. Cambre’s leadership of the Board and the management team will benefit from his strong business acumen. And, on behalf of all constituency groups – I want to thank my friend and mentor, former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Bruce W. Wilkinson, for his leadership of McDermott over the last eight years. McDermott is a much stronger company today as
a result of Bruce’s extensive efforts.
Although I bring over 29 years of experience with McDermott, my intention in the CEO role is to provide a fresh spark throughout the organization. Energy will start here, with me, just as the energy you consume frequently begins with McDermott. While there’s no question that McDermott has improved significantly over the last few years, I fully recognize that no one is satisfied with the status quo and that continuous improvement is the standard by which the Company will be judged. The Board of Directors, my management team and each employee of the Company embrace this principle, even as the business environment remains challenged.
McDermott is comprised of individuals, but it is not a company for individuals. What makes McDermott special is how my 26,400 co-workers come together under common purpose and work as a team. Energy Starts Here as a result of their efforts. I thank each of them for the vital role they serve. And, finally, I thank you – McDermott’s owners – for allowing me to lead this outstanding Company.
All the best,
John A. Fees
Chief Executive Officer
“I believe that our segments and employees are resilient, our business model with diversified customers and projects is sound, and that McDermott’s future remains bright and worthy of long-term investment.”
    6 MCDERMOTT INTERNATIONAL, INC.
