 Fellow shareholders
 Iam pleased to report that 2007 was an excellent year for McDermott International, Inc. By virtually any measure, McDermott has been building on its prior success. Our Company’s accelerated progress during the year demonstrates that the turnaround
program implemented several years ago continues to pay dividends today, and serves as the model for our business activities going forward.
  With demand for energy projected to increase worldwide, McDermott is well-positioned
in the marketplace as an engineering & construction company, with specialty manu- facturing and service capabilities, focused on energy infrastructure.
operating through our three segments: • Offshore Oil & Gas Construction, • Power Generation Systems and
• Government Operations,
McDermott serves the “big three” sources of energy: nuclear, oil & gas and coal. We believe our exclusive focus on energy is truly a differentiating characteristic of our company.
“reaching new Heights” is an appropriate description for McDermott in 2007, as it represents the success our company
has achieved. However, I should be clear in advance that from my perspective, McDermott’s journey does not have a pinnacle or an apex. our goal continually remains to perform better tomorrow than we did today. With that as a backdrop, let me share my summary of the year.
heightened Financial PerFormance
the hallmark of any outstanding year begins with strong financial performance. McDermott’s 2007 results in this regard were truly record-setting in a number of categories for a fiscal year, including consolidated revenues, operating income, net income, bookings and backlog.
While I encourage you to read in full detail our attached Form 10-K, an overview of our financial results for 2007 includes:
• Revenues of $5.6 billion, up approximately 37 percent from a year ago
• Operating Income of $716 million, an increase of $325 million from 2006
• Net Income of $607.8 million, delivering earnings per diluted share of $2.66
• Backlog ended the year at $9.8 billion, an all-time high level for a year end
• Liquidity – defined as cash, restricted
cash, investments and equivalents – totaled $1.5 billion
perhaps the most objective scorecard for
a company’s overall performance during a year is the stock market’s judgment. In 2007, McDermott shares appreciated 132 percent, providing a record year-end market capital- ization of $13.3 billion. Value creation of this magnitude for our shareholders is gratifying. It also reconfirms the veracity of the direction set by our Board of Directors and executive management to focus on
key energy markets. results ultimately are the product of people, not markets alone. the leadership team we have assembled
is delivering these great results.
During the year, McDermott completed a 2-for-1 stock split, which provides additional liquidity in our shares, lowers the entry point for new investors and reflected the Board’s confidence in McDermott’s long-term outlook. Confirming the direction set in 2006, we now primarily provide our management with long-term incentives through performance stock grants as opposed to stock options. This form of equity compensation has a less dilutive effect on earnings, while ensuring
management has a stake in our results,
and payouts will only occur if predetermined targets are met. the entire management team at McDermott is shareholder focused – recognizing you are the owners of the Company – and I am pleased that McDermott continued to reward your ongoing trust
and investment.
reaching For growth
a year ago in my letter to shareholders,
I highlighted many of the targets our Board and management team had set to achieve by 2010 as our focus shifted from a turn- around to a growth mode. McDermott
is currently very much on- or ahead-of- schedule in reaching these milestones, including some that we have already sur- passed. the central theme of these goals, however, remains: the ongoing pursuit of profitable growth. a recap and some of the accomplishments during the year include:
acquisitions
During 2007, McDermott subsidiaries completed acquisitions for a total cash cost of approximately $335 million.
The first company acquired was Marine Mechanical corporation, which designs, manufactures and supplies electro- mechanical equipment used by the
United States Navy. This business is an attractive addition to our Government operations segment and complements our existing governmental nuclear activities.
In July, we added substantially all of the assets of Secunda International Limited to our Offshore Oil & Gas Construction segment, including Secunda’s 14 harsh- weather, multi-functional vessels, and its
1

reaching new heights
Fellow shareholders, continued...
shore-base operations. this business provides added growth potential within our oil & gas business and will prove to be a timely acquisition in this robust industry environment.
As McDermott enters 2008 and beyond,
we will continue to evaluate accelerated growth opportunities achievable through acquisition or consolidation, in addition
to pursuing organic strategies to advance our position in the energy arena of engineer- ing & construction.
asset enhancements and
geographic expansion
McDermott was also very active in investing in organic growth during 2007. the company spent $233 million in capital expenditures to maintain our assets in top working condition, expand the company’s overall productive capacity, develop new product offerings
and reach new markets.
In our Offshore Oil & Gas Construction segment, we opened a new fabrication facility in altimira, Mexico, and in December, we received our first award from PEMEX – the state oil company of Mexico. through the Secunda acquisition, we established a new base of operations in canada and enhanced our subsea market capabilities. With oil exceeding $90 barrel and demand projected to remain strong, we believe further growth prospects in this segment remain robust.
Our Power Generation Systems and Government Operations segments were also active in pursuing new opportunities. We retrofitted our 30 megawatt (“MW”) clean environment Development Facility and began active testing of our oxy-combus- tion coal firing process – while also evaluat- ing a number of co scrubbing technologies
methods to reduce this emission from coal- fired electric plants. We believe that co2 will likely become a regulated emission in the United States in the future, and our efforts today should better position the company for this substantial business opportunity.
McDermott was once again an industry leader in
key performance metrics in 2007, with 12.7 percent operating margins, and returns on average assets and average shareholders’ equity of over 15 percent and 75 percent, respectively.
   2
– to lead the power industry in pursuing
Our Government Operations segment is looking at new markets through its endeavor to export its unique site management
and operations capabilities to the active united Kingdom nuclear market. addition- ally, we were part of the consortia that was awarded new site management contracts in the United States, including the Lawrence livermore national laboratory.
growing presence in
commercial nuclear activities
although it has been over 30 years since
a new nuclear power plant commenced construction in the United States, McDermott believes commercial nuclear projects will provide a substantial growth opportunity in the future. However, unlike many in the industry who rely solely on
new build activity, our unique skillset and expertise positions the company for a num- ber of commercial opportunities at this time.
During 2007, we formed the nuclear power Generation Group to bring together our specialized engineering, services and manufacturing capabilities within a dedicated organization focused on nuclear utility customers. as we prepare for a nuclear renaissance marked by significant new generation projects, McDermott is achieving success today. During the year, we were awarded new contracts for replacement nuclear steam generators by Firstenergy Nuclear Operation Company in the U.S.
and from Bruce Power in Canada. And, as
a result of our extensive experience with the design and cost-effective manufacturing of nuclear components and classified machinery, a McDermott subsidiary was
selected to manufacture the components
to be used in USEC Inc.’s new American Cen- trifuge plant, a uranium enrichment facility.
Going forward, continuing to expand McDermott’s footprint in commercial nuclear projects will remain a priority.
Financial achievements
one of the key financial goals was to double our 2005 preset $300 million operating income level to at least $600 million by 2010, resulting in an average annual growth rate of approximately 15 percent per year. We are pleased that we surpassed this
level by delivering $716 million in operating income during 2007 – beating this goal three years early. Several positive develop- ments contributed to this achievement, including non-recurring income related to a canceled project. However, year-over-year operating income growth of 83 percent remains impressive.
the strong results that McDermott delivered in 2007 enabled progress on other financial issues. the company retired all of its signifi- cant long-term debt in april by eliminating $250 million of funded bank loans, and we contributed approximately $135 million to increase funding of our pension plans.
our performance and financial steps were recognized by the major rating agencies with upgrades to McDermott’s credit ratings, which allowed for the renegotiation and reduction in cost of our working capital credit facilities.
McDermott was once again an industry leader in key performance metrics in 2007, with 12.7 percent operating margins, and
2 McDerMott InternatIonal 2007 annual report

  returns on average assets and average shareholders’ equity of over 15 percent and 75 percent, respectively.
aiming higher: 2008 and Beyond
While I’m quite pleased with our results and accomplishments during the year, what is more relevant to our employees, customers, partners and importantly, our shareholders, are McDermott’s plans for the future. our management team recognizes that we compete for your investment dollar every- day, and that we must continue to earn
your ongoing support and trust.
With the financial disciplines we developed during our turnaround years serving as
the foundation, and our 2010 targets being exceeded, we undertook an extensive strategic planning process in 2007. With- out being overly granular, some of the key conclusions are:
• We believe energy – inclusive of nuclear, coal, oil & gas and alternatives – continues to be the desirable industry on which to focus our e&c efforts;
• McDermott is a leader within its seg- ment markets, but there is ample room to expand in each;
• Although we are an industry leader
in safety metrics, the company will not be satisfied until we are injury and accident free;
• There are a number of areas within the energy industry where McDermott does not currently participate that may provide compelling future opportunities; and,
• As our customers have become larger and more concentrated, and the magnitude of their projects has grown – characteristics such as size, scale and leadership are of increasing importance to McDermott.
to this point in my letter, the commentary might lead the reader to believe our journey during the year was without hardships or our future is without challenge. However, achieving new heights is never that easy.
During 2007, we had a utility customer terminate one of the largest projects we
had ever received. Fortunately, we worked through this event successfully and enhanced our income from this contract. additionally, in each existing segment and in our targeted growth markets, there is currently strong competition we must outperform or dis- place. We’ve done well, but the ongoing challenge remains.
As we entered 2008, worldwide concerns regarding a possible recession in the united States and abroad have resulted in extremely volatile financial markets, including for
the price of McDermott shares. With our customer base of national and major oil com- panies, large electric utilities and the U.S. Government, I believe McDermott is opera- tionally insulated from these economic concerns in large measure. However, we
will navigate these market gyrations with a long-term focus and heightened caution.
With our new strategic plan complete
and strong energy markets as a backdrop, the time is right for the emergence of new leaders to continue McDermott’s ascent. I recently announced my intention to retire as chairman and ceo of McDermott sometime during 2008, subject to a smooth and seam- less transition to my successor. In addition, two of my colleagues – Frank Kalman and
Lou Sannino – who were also instrumental in orchestrating McDermott’s turnaround, have retired or announced plans to do so. Finally, our long-serving Board member and lead independent director, Admiral Bruce DeMars, will be stepping down at the upcoming annual shareholders’ meeting due to our mandatory age requirements. While those of us mentioned above were among the key architects of our turnaround years, McDermott is blessed with a strong and deep management team that remains to assist my successor deliver our planned growth.
I have great confidence in this company’s future. the source of my conviction is my 28,400 co-workers at McDermott and its subsidiaries. I personally thank them all for
their daily efforts, which have allowed the company to prosper. together, we have reached new heights, and with our ongoing commitment to excellence, McDermott’s trajectory is promising. and, as this is
likely my last letter, let me say in conclusion that it has been my great personal honor
to be chairman and chief executive of McDermott, and I appreciate the confidence, trust and support shown by all constituency groups during my tenure, including you, my fellow shareholders.
Best regards,
Bruce W. Wilkinson
chairman & ceo
    3
