 Upon becoming CEO, I articulated a goal of rebuilding our profitability around our strong “franchise” name businesses—J. Ray McDermott, BWX Technologies and Babcock & Wilcox.
To Our Shareholders:
I am pleased to report that McDermott International, Inc. made considerable progress in 2001 toward delivering sustain- able profitability, a restored balance sheet and a simplified corporate structure.
Upon becoming CEO, I articulated a goal of rebuilding our profitability around our strong “franchise” name businesses— J. Ray McDermott, BWX Technologies and Babcock & Wilcox (B&W). In 2000, BWX Technologies was the only one of these businesses to generate an operating profit. In 2001, all three produced an operating profit and positive cash flow. This achievement came as our consolidated revenues grew from $1.88 billion in 2000 to $1.97 billion in 2001 and B&W’s revenues grew from $1.2 billion in 2000 to $1.4 billion in 2001. The details of our operations’ financial performances can be found in the operating reviews that follow and in our Form 10-K. B&W is not included in our consolidated financial statements during its Chapter 11 reorganization.
Including several non-operating items, all reflecting steps taken to strengthen our balance sheet, we reported a net loss of $0.33 cents a share in 2001, compared with a net loss of $0.37 a share in 2000. The non-operating items in 2001 reduced our earnings by $0.97 a share and included a $0.8 million after-tax gain on the early extinguishment of debt; a $25.6 million after- tax gain on the sale of the Delta companies (our Canadian engineering and construction business); and an $85.4 million provision for taxes resulting from McDermott Incorporated’s decision to exercise its stock purchase and sale agreement,
also known as the Intercompany Agreement or put/call agree- ment, with McDermott International, Inc. Exclusive of these non-operating items, our consolidated operations earned net income of $0.64 a share in 2001, compared to the net loss of $0.37 a share in 2000.
Last year began with a slowing but still strong economy. Expectations for high energy prices provided an outlook for growth in J. Ray McDermott’s offshore oil and gas markets. For the first time in 15 years, high electricity demand portended growth in Babcock & Wilcox’s market for new coal-fired power generation capacity. But a gradually deepening recession and the tragic events of September 11 reduced demand for oil and gas and consequently decreased commodity prices.
Notwithstanding the dramatic change of circumstances during the course of the year, J. Ray McDermott’s gross revenues grew from $758 million to $849 million and its operations moved from a loss of $32 million to a profit of
$21 million on a year-to-year comparison. More significantly, however, J. Ray McDermott entered 2001 with a backlog of $542 million; by year-end 2001 backlog had more than tripled to $1.8 billion, providing substantial momentum for revenues in 2002.
BWX Technologies, our operation with the longest lead- time backlog and typically the least volatility in revenues and earnings, also turned in a solid year of growth. Year over year, revenues rose from $431 million to $472 million and operating earnings grew from $46 million to $55 million. Our nation’s commitment to defense and homeland security is reflected
in the budgets of BWX Technologies’ customers, providing continued opportunity for this business.
Although B&W is deconsolidated from our results, I am also proud of its turnaround. In 2000, B&W reported revenues of $1.2 billion and an operating loss of $3 million, while in 2001 B&W reported $1.4 billion in revenues and $39 million in operating income. The spike in demand for new power plants that was expected early in the year was delayed, but service to existing plants provides substantial opportunity for B&W.
3
 
  In addition to a return to profitability at every business unit, we also had considerable success in generating cash in 2001. We ended the year with a consolidated net investment that improved by over $190 million during the year, with an additional improvement of $32 million at B&W.
In addition to a return to operating profitability at every business unit, we also had considerable success in generating cash in 2001. We ended the year with a consolidated net invest- ment that improved by over $190 million during the year,
with an additional improvement of $32 million at B&W. Cost reductions in our corporate office and in our operating units’ general and administrative (G&A) expense further contributed to this impressive turnaround in our cash flow as did our sale of the Delta companies in October 2001. Subsequent to the close of 2001, we announced our intention to also divest Hudson Products Corporation. These efforts generated the cash that was needed to meet the March 15, 2002, debt maturity
and support our plan to restore strength to our balance sheet. They are also consistent with the aforementioned operating strategy of concentrating on our three core franchise name business units.
Besides addressing basic profitability, cash flow and G&A issues this time last year, I also articulated several goals geared to a strengthened balance sheet, a simpler corporate structure and resolution of B&W’s asbestos-driven Chapter 11 proceeding. While none of these goals can be put in the column marked 100% achieved, we made considerable progress on each.
Through the several efforts outlined above, our overall liquidity turned impressively, coming from negative operating cash flow of $49 million in 2000 to positive operating cash flow of $175 million in 2001. Because of this improvement, we were able to end the year with no borrowings against our credit facilities, repurchase $29 million in aggregate principal amount of McDermott Incorporated’s 9 3/8% public debt prior to its March 15, 2002, maturity and redeem the remaining prin- cipal of $196 million at maturity.
Both the repayment of McDermott Incorporated’s 9 3/8 % public debt due March 2002 and our goal of a simpler corporate structure were facilitated by McDermott Incorporated’s exercise of its rights under the Intercompany Agreement subsequent to the close of the year. This agreement was originally created in connection with the 1982 corporate inversion, which resulted in McDermott International, Inc., a Panamanian corporation, becoming the parent corporation and McDermott Incorporated, a Delaware corporation and the former parent, becoming a subsidiary of McDermott International. With its exercise under the agreement, McDermott Incorporated received $243 million in cash, enough to redeem the remaining debt and make pay- ment on about half of the $85.4 million in tax due on the proceeds. I believe clearing up this residue of our history will enhance McDermott International’s flexibility to recapitalize and grow shareholders’ equity in a post-B&W Chapter 11 existence.
Probably our greatest disappointment in 2001 was our inability to successfully negotiate an acceptable resolution to B&W’s asbestos-driven Chapter 11. We have actively and con- sistently pursued a dual strategy of negotiation and litigation to resolve B&W’s Chapter 11. The cost of litigation is enormous, but the process has provided us with important victories. The costs peaked in 2001 as we went to court with a group of London underwriters who sought to annul their obligations
for insurance coverage of B&W’s asbestos claims and as we also fought the asbestos plaintiffs’ challenge of certain B&W asset transfers that occurred as part of a 1998 corporate restruc- turing. Both of these actions required substantial expenditures by Babcock & Wilcox and its subsidiaries, the only corporate entities in Chapter 11, and by McDermott Incorporated. Additionally, virtually every week of the year brought B&W to the docket of either the federal Bankruptcy Court or federal District Court. Expenses relating to these proceedings exceeded
4
 
 Our mission remains the same—grow our “franchise” name businesses, improve liquidity and strengthen our balance sheet, simplify our corporate structure and resolve the B&W Chapter 11.
$35 million at B&W and a collective $15 million outside of B&W. Our operating results were impacted accordingly, although the actual cost, which includes a sizable drain of management’s time and attention, is even more substantial.
However, our efforts at the courthouse have lent substance to our long-held belief that B&W’s asbestos claims can be resolved with the assets available to B&W, including applicable insurance proceeds. The insurance matter, heard in federal District Court, reconfirmed the integrity of our insurance coverage block, while the federal Bankruptcy Court’s ruling that B&W was solvent as of July 1, 1998, provides substantial support to the validity of the asset transfers. These two court victories are especially important, and I believe, provide guideposts toward the ultimate settlement of all the issues of B&W’s Chapter 11. Both the District Court and Bankruptcy Court have continued to maintain aggressive schedules clearly designed to expedite resolution of the issues.
The list of U.S. companies driven to Chapter 11 by asbestos claims grew dramatically in 2001 and has continued
to grow in 2002. As this crisis grows in scope, the Rand Corporation, the Manville Trust and numerous other authoritative groups continue to point to an unsettling reality: easily more than 70% of all asbestos claims are filed on behalf of people who are unimpaired—in other words people with no manifes- tation of an asbestos related condition. While B&W stands ready to provide just compensation to those who are truly
ill from exposure to asbestos in its products, clearly this unprecedented assault on U.S. industry cries out for a legislative solution. However, with or without legislation, we are committed to resolving B&W’s asbestos exposure on a basis consistent with the best interest of our shareholders. We will expend every reasonable effort to reach that resolution in 2002, but we have no assurance that we can do so.
We entered 2002 with a strong backlog in all our operating units, and we expect each to show revenue and earnings improvements over the levels reported in 2001. Our mission remains the same—grow our “franchise” name businesses, improve liquidity and strengthen our balance sheet, simplify our corporate structure and resolve the B&W Chapter 11.
As we strive toward our goals, I appreciate the confirmed support of all our stakeholders—employees, lenders, share- holders—and communities where we live and work.
Sincerely,
Bruce W. Wilkinson
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 2002
 5
 