                      To Our
Shareholders
In looking back on this past year, 2010, I feel an enormous sense of pride in what your company, McDermott International, Inc. (“McDermott” or the “Company”), accomplished. In summary, outstanding financial results were delivered during a period that was nothing short of transformational.
The most significant event for McDermott, as compared to prior years, occurred on July 30, 2010 when we distributed to our shareholders all of the ownership of The Babcock & Wilcox Company, which previously represented our Government Operations and Power Generation Systems segments (together “B&W”). We are very pleased with the completion of this spin-off and the performance of both companies since, but for the remainder of this letter the focus will be on McDermott’s ongoing operations. Likewise, references to “records,” “our history” and the like throughout this annual report relate only to McDermott’s continuing operations.
Today, McDermott is a leading engineering, procurement, construction and installation (“EPCI”) company offering a pure-play on the desirable offshore oil and gas industry. Our major product offerings include fixed and floating production facilities, offshore pipelines and subsea systems. The Company’s customers include national and major energy companies throughout the Atlantic, Middle East and Asia Pacific regions where we operate. These regions now represent our reportable financial segments, and in each location we maintain engineering offices, one or more fabrication facilities and marine vessels.
As a new stand-alone Company with a history of industry leadership, this is truly an exciting time, and we believe our future is bright. However, let’s first review our summary results and accomplishments from 2010.
2010 Year in Review: Focused on the Business
Generally, financial metrics tend to be a significant component in evaluating the success of any given year. While I encourage you to fully review the attached
Stephen M. Johnson
Form 10-K for a comprehensive description of our financial results, it’s a plea- sure to report these highlights from our 2010 continuing operations.
• Revenues of $2.4 billion produced operating income of $315 million, our second highest level ever, and an operating margin of 13%.
• Net income was $237 million, or $1.00 per diluted share, our second consecutive year-over-year increase in both metrics.
• Key line items of McDermott’s financial foundation, our balance sheet, include:
— Total assets of $2.5 billion;
— Cash and investments of approximately $887 million;
— Working capital, defined as current assets less current liabilities,
of $420 million;
— Total debt of only $55 million, a very modest sum;
— Shareholders’ equity of $1.5 billion, or 58% of assets.
• Backlog of $5 billion at year end, which represents future expected revenues under contract, is our highest year-end level ever as a result of $4.2 billion in new awards during the year.
• Of the backlog amount, $3.1 billion is expected to be realized through revenues in 2011, which provides good visibility for the coming year.
• To continue serving both shareholders and customers, the Company invested about $187 million in capital expenditures, which we expect to increase in 2011. These investments keep assets well-maintained and enable pursuit of growth initiatives.
• McDermott’s safety statistics remained outstanding in 2010—better than a year ago and our targets. In fact, we were recognized for our achieve- ments in safety with Chevron’s “Contractor of the Year” award.
• Finally, the metric that shareholders tend to follow closely, McDermott’s stock price, increased approximately 65% following the B&W spin-off through year-end. While many factors influence valuations, I believe a portion of our strong appreciation relates to the enthusiasm investors have for McDermott and our industry.
Building for Our Future: Leveraging a Strong Market
While I’m more than satisfied with our results and achievements during 2010, my true enthusiasm is reserved for McDermott’s years ahead. And, the Company’s future is always more important than past results.
   4 2010 Annual Report

                   $5,039m $887m $315m Backlog Cash & Investments Operating Income
While McDermott’s results for 2010 were strong, our path forward can be better if we successfully address a number of priorities. For instance, even after deliv- ering the second best full year for earnings in our history, the Atlantic segment did not contribute to this achievement and, in fact, recorded an operating loss. While it would be tempting to place the blame on the Macondo accident, we instead are proactively taking action. To help return the segment to profitability, we’ve installed new management, begun cutting costs and most importantly, have recently won new work. Clearly, additional projects are still needed and it will take time to return the segment to profitability, however, through this multi-prong approach, we are actively pursuing the opportunity.
Another priority relates to continuing with our vessel renewal program. As you’ve seen throughout this annual report, our EPCI business model is at the heart of the Company’s value proposition. In our active markets, we believe our fabrication facilities are second to none and our marine vessels have been fully maintained, serving their respective markets well. However, as we plan for the future, we do expect a number of vessel retirements and replacements over the next two decades. We have already begun the process of upgrading our marine fleet, including broadening certain capabilities, with the purchase of an interest in the North Ocean 102, the recent completion of the LB32 shallow-water lay barge and the ongoing construction of the North Ocean 105. In addition, we are upgrading the DB50 in 2011, in anticipation of a more complex workload in the years to come. Ensuring access to the right number of vessels, with the right capabilities and in the right regions will increase our ability to generate strong returns and better serve our customers in the years ahead.
Finally, while the Company serves a historically cyclical industry and faces formi- dable competition for new awards, we understand the owners of our Company rightfully expect our management team to grow the Company, improve our finan- cial results, invest wisely and plan for the future. We gladly accept this directive and are pursuing it through several avenues. We have actively increased our capital expenditures in recent years pursuing organic growth, such as the deeper water and subsea expansion initiatives. Additionally, we are engaging in partnership discussions in several markets to give us enhanced growth opportunities at lower cost and have formed a global marine organization to better utilize our propeller- driven assets. We are also looking for growth beyond our current footprint,
as evidenced by diversification into “brown field” work and entering new regions such as Brazil. Finally, we will regularly evaluate accelerated opportunities achievable through mergers and acquisitions.
The examples above remind us that even with the stellar results of 2010 and better visibility for 2011, our work is never complete; because, like us, our owners are focused on the future. And, I believe there is no better time to plan for the times ahead than right now—while our workload is solid, our results strong and the industry is growing. The macro fundamentals of our industry are promising, and the simple reality is the Company has more opportunities available to us than we can realistically pursue. As such, the Board and our management team have become much more focused on the expected returns on invested capital— to better allocate both our human and financial resources for shareholders’ maximum benefit.
As of this writing, I am approaching just my second anniversary with McDermott. However, my professional background includes almost 40 years of diversified engineering and construction experience, so I feel qualified to state that McDermott is a special company. McDermott’s leadership in the industry, the projects we’ve built and the relationships with our clients are all unmatched. However, what truly separates McDermott from the competition are my 15,000 co-workers who strive everyday to exceed our customers’ expectations. It is my honor and privilege to serve alongside them, and I fully appreciate their efforts in 2010 and commit- ment to the Company’s future.
Finally, I want to thank you, our owners, for your ongoing trust and investment in McDermott.
Kindest regards,
Stephen M. Johnson
      McDermott International, Inc. 5
