Dear Shareholder,
As I complete my second year at Medtronic, I continue to be inspired by our Mission and I’m even more excited about the opportunities ahead of us. We are building a broad-based platform that can address the fundamental challenges in healthcare, enabling new standards of care for millions of people around the world. Every region in the world is challenged with continuously improving outcomes for better care, increasing access so more people get treated, and improving the efficiency of healthcare delivery. In developed markets, the primary focus is on better, higher quality care at reduced costs, while emerging markets are trying to bring vast populations to accepted standards of care in an affordable fashion.
To address these global opportunities, we are working
to reinvent, redefine, and reposition our company as
a healthcare solutions company, grounded in our key therapy areas and focused on three major imperatives – New Therapies to continually improve clinical outcomes, Economic Value to ensure cost efficiency across the continuum of care, and Globalization to increase access to quality healthcare for patients around the world. In Fiscal Year 2013 (FY13) we made progress toward all three of these imperatives.
New Therapies, Economic Value, and Globalization
Developing innovative, new therapies to improve clinical outcomes and driving them to standard of care will always be our central value proposition in the marketplace.
New therapies remain our core strength, and our transformational efforts for growth will revolve around
our products and therapies for patients and physicians.
We brought several new therapies to market in FY13 that had a meaningful impact on patient care, including our Resolute Integrity drug-eluting stent for the treatment
of coronary artery disease in Japan, which has a unique diabetes indication in the U.S. We also launched the Advisa MRI pacemaker for the treatment of abnormally slow heart rhythm in the U.S. and Japan; the RestoreSensor SureScan MRI spinal cord stimulation system for the treatment of chronic pain in Europe; and the CD Horizon Solera spinal implants and surgical instruments to treat a variety of spinal conditions in the U.S. and other global markets.
Medtronic CEO Omar Ishrak pictured with Mary Warren, who received our Resolute Integrity drug-eluting stent to treat coronary artery disease.
Mary Warren lives by the Medtronic Mission. Literally.
At the emergency room with what she thought were minor symptoms of a urinary tract infection, Mary almost didn’t believe doctors who told her she was having a cardiac event. As a Medtronic employee, she knew that if she needed a device, she wanted it to come from Medtronic. Doctors implanted a Medtronic Resolute Integrity drug-eluting stent. After a quick recovery,
Mary has made it her mission to encourage women never to ignore their heart attack symptoms.
  
Shareholder Letter
 Len Reed, Cincinnati, Ohio
Len was able to undergo an MRI with our MR-conditional pacemaker
Moving forward, our pipeline remains strong. In Fiscal Year 2014 (FY14), we anticipate the launch of the RestoreSensor SureScan
MRI spinal cord stimulation system in the U.S.; the MiniMed 530G and 640G insulin pumps and glucose monitoring systems for insulin-requiring diabetes in the U.S. and Europe, respectively; and the Endurant II AAA stent graft for the repair of abdominal aortic aneurysms in Japan. In Fiscal Year 2015, we anticipate our CoreValve transcatheter aortic valve system for the treatment of severe aortic stenosis and the Symplicity renal denervation system for treatment- resistant hypertension will be ready for U.S. launches.
As we create and bring new technologies and services to market, these offerings must optimize healthcare delivery and provide greater Economic Value, which is our second imperative.
Clinical value and improved outcomes will always be fundamental to our offerings. However, we must increasingly address the needs of new and broader buying influences and new value-based payment models – both of which require new levels and types
of economic evidence and justifications for the adoption of new technologies and services. In general, our industry has been slow to adapt to this changing landscape, which I believe has led to increased pricing pressure and ultimately slower market growth.
In the past, physicians alone were the ones who made purchasing decisions; today, other stakeholders are influencing or making those decisions. The most striking example of this shift is in cardiology, where cardiac line administrators are working with physicians
to optimize quality and cost. Our Cardiac and Vascular Group’s strategy is to continuously enhance its technology and economic value-oriented service offerings, making our customer presence more integrated, responsive, and comprehensive.
Across all of our businesses, medical technology innovation must evolve to meet the needs of a broader set of stakeholders. Ultimately, we must strive to not only improve patients’ lives, but also ensure that the overall healthcare system remains viable. Our strategy is shifting from one that was exclusively focused on the clinical value of our therapies, to one that comprehensively includes both clinical and economic value across our integrated products, services, and solutions. We believe this will enable us to be leaders in the changing global healthcare landscape.
We are already starting to incorporate economic value messaging into our latest product offerings. We are launching our next generation of cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT) devices that contain a proprietary AdaptivCRT algorithm.
  Medtronic Technology: Taking Patients’ Future Needs Into Consideration
Each year, approximately 60 million magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans are performed worldwide1 to diagnose conditions such as stroke, cancer, Alzheimer’s disease, and muscle, bone and back pain – all of which are prevalent among older adults. Unlike CT scans, which use radiation to image hard materials in the body such as bones, MRIs use strong magnetic fields to create images of soft tissue structures inside the body.
Historically, however, concerns over the effects of these large magnetic fields and radio frequency (RF) energy on certain implantable electronic devices have limited patient access
to MRI scans. This was a growing problem, as each year the number of MRI scans performed increases, as do the number of people with implanted cardiac devices.2
To address this need, Medtronic developed and now offers an impressive portfolio of pacemakers, implantable loop recorders, and neurostimulation devices that have been specifically designed for MRI compatibility. Medtronic’s proprietary SureScan Technology addresses a significant medical need for MRI compatibility. Medtronic recently received CE mark approval in Europe for its spinal cord stimulation system designed for full-body eligible MRI. In addition, Medtronic has developed two generations of pacemakers utilizing the SureScan Technology, which have shown no known hazards in certain MR environments within specified conditions of use. These pacemakers are available in many parts of the world today.
1 Sutton R, Kanal E, Wilkoff BL, Bello D, et al. Safety of magnetic resonance imaging of patients with a new Medtronic EnRhythm MRI SureScan pacing system: clinical study design. Trials 2008, 9:68.
2 Zhan C, Baine WB, Sedrakyan, A, et al. Cardiac device implantation in the United States from 1997 through 2004: A population-based analysis. J Gen Intern Med 2008; 23(Suppl 1):13–19.
2 | 2013 Medtronic Annual Report

This improves response rates to the therapy, resulting in improved device longevity and a reduction in heart failure hospitalizations. In addition, hospitals are investing in our navigation, imaging, and power capital equipment for spine surgery, as they see clear value from improved surgical precision and more efficient procedures.
Our work in blood conservation is an early example of how we
can take a specific product and wrap it with a service to realize even greater economic value. Blood management in hospitals represents a significant cost to the healthcare system, and is an area where technology combined with process improvement can lead to significant savings. By leveraging our cardiac surgery products and our Lean Sigma process expertise, we have been able to demonstrate to hospitals lower overall blood costs and improved operations, which has resulted in annual savings of hundreds of thousands of dollars per hospital.
Globalization is our third imperative, where we seek to develop tailored approaches and therapies to expand patient access, improve clinical outcomes, and reduce costs in healthcare systems around the world – at all levels of the economic pyramid.
Our revenue in international (non-U.S.) markets grew 7% on a constant currency basis (2% as reported) in FY13, with revenue in emerging markets growing 17% on a constant currency basis (14% as reported). In the fourth quarter of FY13, emerging markets represented 12% of revenue, and we expect these markets will play an increasingly important role in Medtronic’s long-term growth.
We are pleased with this performance, but we believe we can further our growth rates over the long term. Our key strategies are aimed at tailoring our market development activities, customizing our offerings to meet local demands, creating and enhancing
our relationships and partnerships with key local and regional stakeholders, and adapting our distribution models to deliver our products more efficiently.
Our primary, near-term focus is to capitalize on the enormous opportunity in the global premium segment, which we have identified as a $5 billion annual opportunity. We will continue to pursue this opportunity by driving penetration of our existing and new therapies, raising patient and physician awareness of our offerings, and supporting the development of infrastructure and training of physicians where necessary.
Aquamantys 6.0 Bipolar Sealer
PEAK PlasmaBlade 3.0S
 Advanced Energy Products Deliver Strong Growth and Patient Benefits
In 2011, Medtronic acquired two surgical device companies – Salient Surgical Technologies and PEAK Surgical – that developed innovative products designed to improve patient outcomes and reduce hospital costs. These two companies were combined to form Advanced Energy, a new, high- growth area within the Surgical Technologies business.
Advanced Energy contains two main product lines, each offering unique clinical benefits and economic value for hospitals. The Aquamantys System uses Transcollation technology, a combination of RF energy and saline, to reduce blood loss during surgery. This technology has been shown to reduce blood transfusions.1 Aquamantys products are used across a wide range of specialties, including spine surgery, orthopedic reconstruction, orthopedic trauma
and surgical oncology.
The PEAK PlasmaBlade works similarly to a traditional surgical scalpel but uses pulsed plasma technology through an insulated device tip. The result is very precise cutting capability through any type of soft tissue. Using pulsed plasma allows the device to operate at lower temperatures than traditional electrosurgery, resulting in less thermal damage.2 The PEAK PlasmaBlade is used regularly in breast reconstruction, pacemaker and ICD replacement, and ENT procedures. It has been shown to reduce operating room time by 12 percent.3
1 Marulanda GA, Ulrich SD, Seyler TM et al. Reductions in blood loss with a bipolar sealer in total hip arthroplasty. Expert Rev Med Devices 2008; 5(2):125-131.
2 Ruidiaz ME, Messmer D, Huang EJ et al. Comparative healing of human cutaneous surgical incisions created by the PEAK PlasmaBlade, conventional electrosurgery, and a standard scalpel. Plas Reconstr Surg 2011; 128(1):104-111.
3 Data on file. VR-00083.
|3
 
Shareholder Letter
In FY13, we also took meaningful steps to increase our presence and capabilities in the emerging value market segment, particularly in China. During the year, we purchased China Kanghui Holdings, a leading orthopedics manufacturer in the country; made a strategic investment in LifeTech Scientific Corporation, a structural heart products manufacturer; and opened our Shanghai Innovation Center. Combined, we now have more than 250 engineers in China focused on tailoring therapies for the local market and value segments worldwide.
We are far from finished in growing our international capabilities and footprint. We intend to make further investments, and we are rapidly strengthening our internal global knowledge, expertise, and competencies in market development.
Stable, Consistent Performance, and Shareholder Returns
While delivering on our key imperatives is critical to our long-term success, we must also execute in the near term and build a track record of reliable growth. Our FY13 performance was an important step in this direction. We maintained or grew our market share in almost all of our businesses while delivering improvement in each of our major financial performance metrics: revenue, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, and free cash flow. We improved our revenue growth for the second consecutive year by delivering $16.6 billion in revenues or 5% growth on a constant currency basis* (3% as reported). This translated into non-GAAP diluted earnings per share* of $3.75, growth of 8% (GAAP diluted earnings per share of $3.37, a decline of 1%) or 300 basis points faster than revenue. We also generated $4.4 billion of free cash flow* ($4.9 billion cash flow from operations) in FY13, utilizing that cash to distribute more than $1 billion in dividends and repurchase more than $1.2 billion of our common stock. We remain committed to returning 50% of our free cash flow to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.
These are impressive returns by any standard, and I am thankful
to our more than 46,000 employees around the world who are accepting the challenges of change and disruption in our industry, meeting those challenges head on, and executing our plans.
We are encouraged and gratified by our results in FY13, but we also realize we must continue to produce consistent, dependable financial returns in our business and to our shareholders in a time of change. We accept that challenge, and intend to do just that.
* See page 9 for reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures.
  Advancing Globalization with Key Investments in China
Medtronic has a long history in China. In FY13, we provided lifesaving therapies to hundreds of thousands of Chinese people and advanced our local presence through three significant events: the acquisition of China Kanghui Holdings, a minority investment in LifeTech Scientific Corporation, and the opening of the Shanghai Innovation Center.
In November 2012, Medtronic completed the acquisition of Kanghui, advancing our globalization strategy with immediate entry into the value segment of orthopedic products. This significant investment brings with it an established value segment distribution network that goes beyond China, as well as local R&D and manufacturing operations.
In January 2013, Medtronic made a minority investment in LifeTech, a Chinese medical device company with a diverse portfolio of products for structural heart defects, peripheral and aortic vascular disease, and heart valve disease. With core competencies in materials research and manufacturing, and a demonstrated track record of important state research grant awards and tenders, the relationship with LifeTech provides an opportunity to accelerate Medtronic’s access in China.
In addition to these investments, we established our
own Shanghai Innovation Center. Overall, Medtronic
now has more than 250 engineers in China, which will become the largest healthcare market in the world. These investments will drive Medtronic’s ability to deliver low-cost products in the emerging value segment for patients in markets around the world.
4 | 2013 Medtronic Annual Report

A Renewed Spirit
It is true that times of transformation come with uncertainty, but we see healthcare as full of tremendous opportunities. I am pleased our management team and employees are embracing the opportunity that lies ahead for Medtronic with a renewed spirit to transform our company.
The days ahead are promising. Our existing therapies – for both developed and emerging markets – are often underutilized and are
full of growth potential. Our pipeline of new technologies is unique and compelling, and we continue to invest to extend our presence around the world. We are solidifying new partnerships and business models that will redefine our company and begin to position us as not only a “product” company, but a medical technology partner focused on delivering solutions and advancing healthcare.
As I reflect on our results for this report, I am pleased to announce that we have achieved an important milestone in our Mission: Every 3 seconds, someone, somewhere in the world benefits from a Medtronic product or therapy. Over the past 12 years, we have lowered this metric by 7 seconds, which impacts millions of additional lives, an enormous accomplishment.
“Our transformational journey will require us to innovate, organize, and compete differently, but our Mission remains the same – to alleviate pain, restore health, and extend life for patients around the world.”
Omar Ishrak
I thank you for your continued ownership of our company and the trust you place in us. Our transformational journey will require us to innovate, organize, and compete differently, but our Mission remains the same – to alleviate pain, restore health, and extend life for patients around the world.
Omar Ishrak
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 |5
