OReport to Stockholders
ur company enters 2016 with increased the common stock dividend for good momentum and prepared the 25th consecutive year. We are
to build upon the notable extremely proud of this achievement,
achievements by several of our business which has been matched by fewer than
 units last year. Although we remain optimistic about the opportunities for growth that we have identified, we recognize the most important measure of success for our shareholders is financial performance.
We are not satisfied with the company’s 2015 results.
Adjusted earnings last year were $180.0 million, or 92 cents per share, compared to $205.5 million, or $1.07 per share in 2014.
On a Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) basis, the company reported a loss of $623.1 million, or $3.20 per share, compared to 2014 earnings of $297.5 million, or $1.55 per share. Most of that loss occurred in the first three quarters of 2015 and is largely associated with our oil and gas business, Fidelity Exploration & Production, and our decision to exit that business.
We have nearly completed the sale of Fidelity’s assets. We have closed on the sale of four asset packages, have a signed purchase and sale agreement for one of two remaining asset packages and are marketing the final.
With this behind us, our priorities will continue to be on the metrics important to our shareholders — financial results, stock price and dividends. Every one of our businesses is committed to earnings growth, although in some instances the commodity markets will continue to be challenging. We expect that improvement in our stock price will to a large degree reflect our earnings performance. We also are working hard to help the market better understand the individual pieces of our diversified business model and value them more appropriately.
We remain committed to the dividend. In November, the Board of Directors
100 of the 2,500-plus other U.S.-listed, dividend-paying companies. We have paid dividends uninterrupted for 78 years.
Construction materials business has record year
Our construction materials business, Knife River, had record adjusted earnings in 2015. Adjusted earnings increased 51 percent over 2014 on 8 percent revenue growth, which indicates that Knife River is doing an outstanding job of managing costs and margins. Aggregate and ready-mix volumes increased by 4 percent, asphalt volumes were up 11 percent, and margins were up across all product lines. Earnings increased in all of Knife River’s regions, indicating solid markets across the 19 states in which they operate.
Knife River ended 2015 with a record backlog of $491 million, 12 percent higher than the prior year. Importantly, backlog remained relatively strong even in energy-driven markets where the economy is sensitive to oil drilling activity. Knife River started 2016 by adding to its record backlog with the largest contract in its history — a $63.4 million project to rebuild a portion of Interstate 29 in Sioux City, Iowa.
Bidding opportunities continue to improve in most markets. Looking ahead a bit, Knife River expects that in 2017 it will begin to see the benefits of the $305 billion, five-year highway bill that Congress passed in December to fund transportation infrastructure projects.
Our construction services business also enters 2016 with good momentum. It ended 2015 with a backlog of $493 million, 62 percent higher than the prior year and the highest year-end backlog since 2008. This reflects a successful year in which its priority was rebuilding work
Harry J. Pearce
Chairman of the Board
     David L. Goodin
President and Chief Executive Officer
orders to replace several completed higher-margin projects that contributed to two consecutive years of record earnings in 2013 and 2014. The backlog includes outside electrical work, industrial, petrochemical, mission critical and solar contracts.
Customer growth continues for utility
Continued customer growth of nearly 2 percent in 2015 has pushed our utility’s total customer base to about 1,050,000 customers. The growth was spread across all eight states served by the utility and remained strong in North Dakota’s Bakken, where the utility serves communities surrounding the oilfields,
    MDU Resources Group, Inc. 3

but not the wells themselves. This growth likely is due to residents using a temporary decline in drilling activity to transition from temporary to permanent housing in communities served by our utility. The utility expects continued customer growth of about 1.5 to 2 percent.
The utility invested a record $464 million in 2015 to accommodate customer growth and ensure the reliability and integrity of its transmission and distribution systems. This includes acquisition of the Thunder Spirit wind farm in southwestern North Dakota, which became fully operational in December. With the addition of this 43-turbine, 107.5-megawatt facility, 20 percent of the utility’s electric generation capacity is renewable energy. The utility also added 19 MW of natural gas-fired generation at the Lewis & Clark plant near Sidney, Montana, and completed installation of a $384 million air quality control system at the Big Stone, South Dakota, generating plant that is owned jointly with two partners.
The utility is working hard to recover these investments through rate proceedings. Since the beginning of 2015, the utility has implemented $28.5 million in final rates and $20.8 million in interim rates, and has a number of additional rate cases pending in 2016. Revenue from rate case proceedings helped offset weather- related lower natural gas retail sales and lower residential electric retail sales. Temperatures in 2015 ranged from approximately 6 to 16 percent warmer than the previous year across the eight- state service territory.
The utility has been evaluating the Environmental Protection Agency’s Clean Power Plan, which would require significant reductions in carbon dioxide emissions at its generating facilities. Although it is too early to determine specific cost impacts, we believe the plan as currently written will increase customer bills significantly.
We are working closely with state governments and agencies to identify potential implementation plans and are encouraging states to enter into regional solutions if the plan ultimately takes
4 MDU Resources Group, Inc.
effect. The plan is the subject of legal challenges, and in February 2016 the U.S. Supreme Court temporarily blocked implementation of the plan until those challenges are fully litigated.
Pipeline business has record transportation volumes
The pipeline and midstream business had record transportation volumes on its natural gas pipeline system for the third consecutive year. The majority of its pipeline volumes are under fixed-fee firm contracts, and therefore are less sensitive to the commodity pricing environment that is affecting activity in the Bakken. However, gas gathering volumes decreased significantly as producers reacted to the lower price environment, and the 50 percent-owned Pronghorn facility experienced lower processing revenue.
The pipeline and midstream business is continuing to grow its traditional northern Rockies base through two expansion projects that are expected to be completed this year. The North Badlands and Northwest North Dakota projects will connect third-party processing facilities to interstate pipelines and add 88,000 dekatherms per day of capacity.
In addition, the business is evaluating potential expansion into other basins, such as the Marcellus, Utica and Permian, possibly through acquisition opportunities.
Commodity prices impact refinery
The Dakota Prairie refinery, which began commercial operations in May, operated at a loss in 2015 as the result of dramatic changes in the oil commodity market. The company has a 50 percent ownership interest in the refinery, which can process up to 20,000 barrels per day of oil into diesel fuel and several byproducts.
The Bakken basis differential from West Texas Intermediate pricing has narrowed, which has increased the refinery’s cost for
its oil feedstock. At the same time, reduced oilfield activity has decreased the demand for diesel fuel and a slowdown in Canadian tar sands development has reduced the demand for naphtha, one of the refinery’s byproducts. The company continues to focus on operational improvements to the plant that could increase its daily processing capacity and profitability. However, we expect the unfavorable commodity price environment will continue to significantly impact the refinery in 2016.
Operationally, our businesses are performing very well, and we want to thank our employees for that accomplishment. We can assure you that our employees work hard to serve our shareholders and customers with operational excellence, safety and integrity.
Thank you, as well, for your investment in MDU Resources. We recognize that the company’s performance in 2015 has fallen short of your expectations; it fell short of ours, too. Please know that we, along with our entire management team and Board of Directors, are committed to delivering better results.
Harry J. Pearce
Chairman of the Board
David L. Goodin
President and Chief Executive Officer February 19, 2016
          