                 Report to Stockholders
The past year was a success by the last two years, and this year we plan
to spend approximately $960 million.
We are proud to share with you the results of 2013, as well as the strategies that we believe will lead to continued growth for stockholders.
Fidelity Hits Production Goal
A large portion of our capital investment has been directed at Fidelity Exploration & Production, our oil and natural gas production business, which has successfully transitioned from a natural gas-centric business to a more balanced portfolio that can capitalize on higher- return oil production. Fidelity hit its 2013 production growth target with a 30 percent increase in oil production, despite bitterly cold December temperatures that impacted operations in North Dakota. Over the last two years, oil production has grown by 77 percent.
There are two principal drivers of this growth. The first is in our own backyard
– Bakken oil fields that have propelled North Dakota to become our country’s second-largest oil-producing state, behind only Texas. Nearly 60 percent of Fidelity’s 4.8 million net barrels of oil produced in 2013 came from the Bakken, where we have around 130 operated wells on approximately 125,000 net acres of leaseholds. Our Bakken oil production increased by 36 percent last year.
Fidelity also is ramping up production in the Paradox Basin in Utah, where it has approximately 130,000 net acres with an option to earn another 20,000. Although in an earlier stage of development than the Bakken, 2013 production from the Paradox Basin increased by 221 percent to 831,000 barrels.
Our early results demonstrate the potential of the Paradox Basin play.
 almost any measure. We restored
earnings to their highest level since 2008 and provided stockholders with a strong return on their investment. Our employees executed our business plan effectively and efficiently. And perhaps most important, our capital investment program is showing results, while also continuing to build the foundation for sustainable long-term growth.
Consolidated adjusted earnings in 2013 increased 32 percent to $289.9 million, or $1.53 per share, compared to $218.9 million, or $1.16 per share in 2012. Consolidated GAAP earnings were $278.2 million, or $1.47 per share, compared to a loss of $1.4 million, or 1 cent per share, in 2012.
The market has recognized our performance with a common stock price that is trading at its highest level since the fall of 2008, contributing to a total stockholder return in 2013 of 48 percent. That return also includes the common stock dividend, which the board of directors increased in November. This was the 23rd consecutive year that we have increased the dividend, an accomplishment matched by only about 100 publicly traded companies in North America. This continues our long-standing commitment to stockholders. In fact, MDU Resources has paid dividends for 76 consecutive years, dating back to 1937.
As we begin our 90th year in 2014, we consider these results in the same manner that we view our company’s history. We take pride in our accomplishments, but at the same time remain squarely focused on achieving even more in the future. We certainly are happy with the results of last year, but we also look at 2013 as a stepping-stone in our plan to build sustainable long-term growth. In that effort we have invested $1.7 billion in capital expenditures over
Harry J. Pearce
Chairman of the Board
    2
MDU RESOURCES GROUP, INC.
David L. Goodin
President and Chief Executive Officer
Fidelity’s Cane Creek 12-1 well was among the best onshore U.S. oil wells drilled in 2012; it produced more than 480,000 barrels in its first year, and 15 months after completion it continues to maintain consistently high flow rates. A subsequent well, Cane Creek 36-1, is producing comparable results, flowing at about 930 barrels per day since completion last October. A gathering line and processing plant are being constructed to eliminate the need to flare the natural gas that is produced along with the oil.
This year Fidelity will again concentrate the largest share of its drilling program in

                 the Bakken and Paradox Basin. It plans to operate two rigs in each play.
Large Market Demand for Diesel Refinery
The Bakken’s prolific oil production also offers opportunities for our pipeline and energy services business, WBI Energy. Foremost among these is Dakota Prairie Refining, which we are building in western North Dakota in partnership with Calumet Specialty Products Partners. This is the first greenfield refinery built in the U.S. since 1976. It will have the capacity to process 20,000 barrels per day of Bakken crude into about 7,000 barrels per day of diesel fuel, along with byproducts such as naphtha and atmospheric tower bottoms.
All of our businesses are participating in this project. WBI Energy is co-owner and will provide natural gas; Fidelity will provide crude oil, either directly or in kind; our utility business will provide electricity; and our construction businesses are providing some of the materials and services to build the facility. We expect to finish the $350 million refinery by the end of this year. The facility currently is about 40 percent complete.
The diesel will be sold into an expanding
local market that already is vastly under-supplied. Driven by oil industry and agricultural uses, North Dakota diesel consumption has increased about 60 percent in the past five years to more than 55,000 barrels per day. Consumption is expected to grow to 75,000 barrels per day by 2025. The state’s lone refinery produces just 22,000 barrels per day; the remaining supply must be imported from out-of-state sources.
WBI Energy also plans to build a 375-mile pipeline across northern North Dakota to increase takeaway capacity for the large amount of natural gas that accompanies Bakken oil production. The pipeline would have an initial capacity of 400 million cubic feet per day, and would provide producers with access to a number of markets through interconnecting pipelines. At a cost of approximately $650 million, this would be the largest project in the corporation’s history.
The company benefitted from its first full year of ownership of Pronghorn midstream assets in western North Dakota. We purchased a 50 percent interest in this new facility in 2012, and operations have been steadily growing since then. It includes a natural gas processing plant and related facilities, as well as an oil storage terminal.
Utility Business has Record Year
Our utility business had record earnings that were 21 percent higher than 2012 as a result of both weather and good customer growth. The year began and ended with temperatures that were significantly below normal, ranging up to 25 percent colder from Idaho through the Plains states. That also contributed to a 15 percent increase in natural gas sales.
Our customer base increased by just over 2 percent, with even higher growth concentrated in communities across the Bakken region. Our four utilities now serve more than 1 million customers, stretching from western Minnesota to Washington and Oregon.
The utility business is investing at record levels in infrastructure improvements to ensure they can support this growth with safe, reliable energy service. The $270 million spent in 2013 and $300 million planned in 2014 are part of a five-year capital spending program totaling about $1.3 billion. This includes a $77 million, 88-megawatt natural gas-fueled generating facility that is expected to go into service in the third quarter of this year, significant environmental upgrades
               MDU RESOURCES GROUP, INC. 3

                 Building a Strong America®
at the Big Stone and Lewis & Clark generating plants, and work to upgrade and strengthen the electric transmission and distribution system. Similar work is planned this year for the natural gas systems in Idaho, Oregon and Washington. In addition, we are building a $60 million, 30-mile pipeline that will provide natural gas service to the federal government’s nuclear waste remediation site in Hanford, Washington. It is expected to be ready for service in 2015.
We are proud that our utility employees have successfully met the challenges of this growth without sacrificing their focus on customer service. Cascade Natural Gas and Intermountain Gas tied for first place, with the highest ranking among midsize natural gas utilities in the West Region, in a nationally recognized residential customer satisfaction study conducted in 2013. It was the fourth straight year that Intermountain Gas has earned the top spot.
Construction Businesses Continue Strong Growth
Our construction businesses increased their combined earnings by about 46 percent to their highest level since 2007. Their combined backlog at year-end stood at $915 million compared with $731
million a year earlier. While segments of their markets remain weak, overall we believe we are experiencing an industry recovery that can be sustained.
The construction materials business, Knife River Corporation, increased earnings 57 percent. It is operating extremely efficiently. Knife River benefited from favorable fall weather that extended the construction season and allowed it to get a good start on a $55 million highway bypass project in western North Dakota. It is the largest road construction contract the company has been awarded.
The construction services business had record earnings in 2013, with higher earnings in every business line. Our construction services business has built on its operational excellence practices by further using technology for planning and executing construction, manufacturing, assembly and quality activities.
Our construction companies’ success is a testament to the hard work and skill of our employees who work in these businesses.
Thanks to Those
Who Make It Possible
We want to recognize and thank all of our employees, who number more than
11,000 during peak construction season. A great deal of the company’s success is due to the exemplary way in which they operate our businesses with integrity and an outstanding commitment to customers.
Our employees also are extremely committed to safety, and we perform better than industry averages in most areas. But there is always room for improvement, so we remain focused on our goal of zero accidents or injuries. We thank our employees for their continuing efforts to work safely every day.
We also want to thank Tom Knudson, who has decided not to stand for re-election to the board of directors this year. We are grateful for Tom’s counsel and contributions during his years of service.
Finally, thank you for your investment in MDU Resources. We appreciate the confidence in our business that is reflected in your continued stock ownership. Please be assured that while we are pleased with the past year’s results, we are committed to building even more robust and sustainable growth.
Harry J. Pearce
Chairman of the Board
David L. Goodin
President and Chief Executive Officer February 21, 2014
                 4
MDU RESOURCES GROUP, INC.
