 report to stockholders
    > 2
MDU RESOURCES GROUP, INC.
Economic issues dominated 2008, with the recession affecting almost every business and household in some manner. Credit is tight and dramatically more expensive; consumer spending continues to fall; one in 10 mortgages is in arrears or default; and unemployment hit a 16-year high and is
still climbing.
Times such as these provide a real test, and that is why we have chosen ÒThe Power 2 DeliverÓ as the theme of this annual report. Our company, like others, has been affected by the faltering economy. But our diversified business strategy and disciplined financial management are a powerful combination that consistently delivers a fiscally healthy company and outstanding operating results.
This steady performance has earned the company a place on Forbes magazineÕs list of AmericaÕs 400 Best Big Companies for nine consecutive years. In addition, the magazine recently named us the best- managed company in the utility sector, an honor that we also received in 2004. The principal reason for this success is our talented and innovative employees, and we thank each of them for their commitment to the company.
Financial health is strong
We are entering 2009 in excellent financial condition. Our cash flow remains healthy, and our financials are supported by a high credit rating, good banking relationships and access to capital. Our balance sheet is strong; debt represents only 39 percent
of our capital structure.
Revenues grew to a record $5 billion in 2008. However, our five successive years of record earnings ended because of a noncash charge triggered by the collapse of oil and natural gas prices. As required by current accounting rules, we periodically estimate the value of proved oil and natural gas reserves using commodity prices on
a single pricing date. If the reservesÕ book value on our balance sheet exceeds the estimate, a noncash write-down of the excess is required. Oil and natural gas prices have fallen to about one-third of their record highs last July.
As a result, consolidated earnings from continuing operations totaled $293 million, or $1.59 per common share. Absent
the write-down, earnings from continuing operations would have been a record $377 million, or $2.05 per common share.
This noncash write-down has no significant effect on our strong financial position. The Securities and Exchange Commission recently acknowledged that single-point pricing distorts the estimate of reserve values, and it has issued rules implementing 12-month average pricing. Those rules will be effective for year-end 2009 reporting. We believe the change makes sense. We would not have incurred a write-down if the new rules had been in effect for 2008.
In August we increased our quarterly common stock dividend by 6.9 percent to 15.5 cents per share, or 62 cents per share on an annualized basis. This was the 18th consecutive year that we have increased the dividend, something that has been accomplished by less than 5 percent of
publicly traded U.S. companies. We have paid dividends uninterrupted for 71 consecutive years, extending back to 1937. These accomplishments are even more significant in a year when many companies reduced or suspended dividends.
MDU Resources common stock outperformed the major stock indices, although we realize this is small consolation. The U.S. stock market lost more than
$8 trillion Ñ 41 percent of its value Ñ in 2008, and our own stock experienced more price volatility than any time during our 60 years on the New York Stock Exchange.
$1.3 billion invested in growth
In last yearÕs annual report, we told you that we expected 2008 to be a year of continued growth for many of our businesses. We are pleased to report a number of successes, despite the then-unforeseen economic collapse. During the year, we invested
$1.3 billion in our businesses Ñ without needing to raise equity in the public markets Ñ to make us bigger and stronger and, just as importantly, give us additional opportunities for growth when the economy begins to recover.
Our exploration and production business, Fidelity Exploration & Production Co., delivered record production and reserves. We are in the forefront of oil development
in North DakotaÕs Bakken area, having participated in 66 wells last year. We also increased production in East Texas oil and natural gas properties that we acquired early in the year and expanded drilling in the Rocky Mountain Region, including our legacy natural gas fields in Montana. Record proved

             Revenues (billions)
We had record revenue for the sixth consecutive year.
 reserves, along with a 19 percent increase in estimated probable and possible reserves, provide good potential for future production.
Our natural gas pipeline and gathering systems had combined record throughput, and are aggressively expanding. Williston Basin Interstate Pipeline Co. has boosted natural gas pipeline capacity in northwestern North Dakota to meet growing transportation needs that are associated with development of the Bakken region. Pipeline capacity in eastern North Dakota also was expanded
by nearly 30 percent, allowing us to serve a new ethanol plant. This year, Williston Basin expects to complete a major expansion of our Grasslands Pipeline, which gives Rocky Mountain natural gas producers access
to Mid-Continent markets. The size of the project has been increased because of strong customer demand. The expansion will bring the pipeline to full capacity Ñ a 54 percent increase from its current capacity.
Our utility business, which has nearly tripled its rate base over the past two years, delivered record earnings. In October we acquired Intermountain Gas Co., which serves more than 300,000 natural gas customers in Idaho. We now operate a geographically contiguous, regional utility business that stretches across eight states, from Minnesota to the West Coast, and serves more than 930,000 natural gas and electric customers.
Employees at Intermountain Gas, Montana- Dakota Utilities Co. and Great Plains Natural Gas Co. were honored by the American
Gas Association for excellence in accident prevention and workplace safety. Employees in all of our businesses share this priority
on safety, and as a result our companyÕs 2008 safety record once again outperformed industry averages.
Montana-Dakota has several projects under way that will help meet future generating needs. It is a participant in the proposed Big Stone II generating plant, which is planned to be built in South Dakota next
to the existing Big Stone I plant. In January 2009, the Minnesota Public Utilities Commission voted to grant a certificate
of need and route permit, with conditions,
for a transmission line that would transport electricity from the plant. Details of the conditions will be included in the commissionÕs final order, which has not yet been received.
04 05 06 07 08
If the participants find the conditions acceptable and decide to proceed with construction, the plant is expected to be completed in 2015.
Montana-Dakota also plans to increase
its generating supply in 2009 with a new 19.5-megawatt wind generation facility in southwest North Dakota, and by adding 10.5 MW of capacity to its existing Diamond Willow wind farm in eastern Montana. When complete, we will operate 50 MW
of wind-powered generation.
Our construction services group produced record earnings for the fourth consecutive year, with particularly strong results in inside
 ÒEven in this difficult environment, our diversified business strategy, strong asset base and talented employees position us well.Ó
Terry D. Hildestad
President and Chief Executive Officer
Harry J. Pearce Chairman of the Board
          MDU RESOURCES GROUP, INC.
3 >
 $5.0
$4.2
$4.0
$3.4
$2.7

       electrical wiring, cabling and mechanical work, and sales and rentals of electric transmission line equipment. This business also is experiencing a softer market, but at the same time has an opportunity to expand its heavy transmission line construction capabilities.
The economyÕs impact has been most
visible at our construction materials and contracting company, Knife River Corp. Residential housing starts are at the lowest level of the post-World War II era, and commercial construction also has weakened. The business has reduced its work force
and equipment inventory significantly and is tightly managing operating costs. Although these adjustments have been difficult, they have strengthened Knife RiverÕs financial position. The company has successfully intensified its focus on public works projects, such as the high-profile 12-mile reconstruction of I-80 in central Wyoming.
Nation needs federal leadership
Our crystal ball is no clearer than anyone elseÕs regarding when the country will begin an economic recovery. Much will depend
on the actions of our nationÕs elected officials in Washington, D.C. We are hopeful, as
are most other Americans, that President Barack Obama can inspire our elected officials in both parties to set aside their political differences and work constructively on solutions. Regardless of our personal politics, each of us shares the need for
our new president to succeed.
The most important priority is an economic stimulus package that creates jobs, increases the flow of credit and restores some measure of consumer confidence. The stimulus package includes funding for infrastructure projects that we expect will create opportunities for our company because of our expertise in energy and transportation construction.
Both the president and Congress also
have promised that energy legislation will be high on their list of priorities, and this will affect our company as well. We encourage them to address the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions in a manner that supports the growth of alternate energy, and also preserves a prominent role for the fuels
that power our nation today. Any solution also should recognize the limits of current technology and the economic importance
of an energy supply that is abundant, reliable and affordable.
In one sense, the president already has succeeded. His election represents a milestone in our nationÕs evolution as a diverse people. Our company shares that commitment to diversity, and to building an inclusive workplace that recognizes, respects, and grows stronger because of our differences.
Our commitment to integrity
The dramatic collapse of leading financial institutions last fall painfully demonstrated
the consequences of a business straying from its core values. There are no shortcuts in business ethics; we believe this so firmly that Òwith integrityÓ are the first two words
of our vision statement. We reinforce this value through a companywide educational program called ÒLeading with Integrity,Ó and we arm employees with confidential reporting mechanisms to alert us to conduct that falls short of our standards.
Our commitment to integrity is at the heart of our obligation to be a good corporate citizen. The companyÕs second annual corporate sustainability report, which discusses how we are fulfilling our economic, environmental and social responsibilities, was issued recently. We encourage you to read the report, which is posted on our Web site at www.mdu.com.
Economic challenges persist
We expect the nationÕs economic difficulties to continue challenging us and our customers throughout 2009. Unpredictable oil and natural gas prices also are a concern; the current low prices will have an industrywide effect on production, exploration and earnings.
But even in this difficult environment, our diversified business strategy, strong asset base and talented employees position us well. Our healthy financial condition is supported by our commitment to manage our business risks. A report on risk assessment is given to our directors on a quarterly basis. We are managing cash carefully, and have adjusted our 2009 capital
       > 4
MDU RESOURCES GROUP, INC.
Total Shareholder Returns
While the stock market was down significantly in 2008 and impacted virtually all stocks, our shareholder return once again outpaced market indices.
14%
9%
20 year
10 year
5 year
3 year
1 year (20)%
9%
2%

               budget to more closely reflect current economic conditions. Even so, we will continue to support investments that will create long-term value for stockholders.
As always, our focus will be to deliver superior service to our customers and
value to our investors. We know these are challenging times for every stockholder, and we thank you for your continued investment.
Harry J. Pearce Chairman of the Board
Terry D. Hildestad
President and Chief Executive Officer
04 05 06 07 08
Dividends (per common share) We have paid dividends
uninterrupted for 71 years.
      our vision
       February 13, 2009
With integrity, create superior shareholder value by expanding upon our expertise to be the supplier of choice in all of our markets while being a safe and great place to work.
our mission
Provide value-added natural resource products and related services that exceed customer expectations.
our integrity code
Our corporationÕs Integrity Code provides a summary of the expected behaviors that guide us to perform with integrity in all matters. Through our Integrity Code, we make a commitment to:
            Integrity
We will conduct the corporationÕs business legally and ethically
Debt with our best skills and Equity judgment.
Shareholders
We will always act in the best interests of the corporation and protect its assets.
Employees
We will work together to provide a safe and positive workplace.
Customers,
suppliers and
competitors
We will compete in business only by lawful and ethical means.
Communities
We will be a responsible and valued corporate citizen.
   04 05 06 07 08 Capitalization Ratio
A disciplined strategy for debt management has helped keep our balance sheet strong.
MDU RESOURCES GROUP, INC.
5 >
$.60 $.56
$.52 $.49
$.47
39% 61% 34% 66% 37% 63% 39% 61% 36% 64%
