             REPoRt to stoCkHolDERs
    2
mdu resources group, inc.
We have just completed year one of the largest investment program in our company’s history, and the momentum it has created is a big first step toward re-establishing our track record of sustainable and substantial earnings growth.
We invested approximately $934 million in 2012 as the first installment of nearly $4 billion of capital expenditures that we expect to make through 2016; this year’s investment will be more than $800 million. As the timeframe suggests, it will take several years to hit full stride, but we understand the importance of rebuilding growth as quickly as practicable.
However, we also are proud of our success in protecting your investment through the country’s prolonged recession. We maintained a strong balance sheet, good credit rating and a healthy balance of equity and debt. The tradeoff was sacrificing the investments that drive growth in later years.
Our company had a net loss of $1.4 million, or a penny per share in 2012 primarily due to noncash, after-tax write-downs of about $247 million that are attributable to a ceiling test charge at our exploration and production group related to low natural gas prices.
Excluding discontinued operations and one-time charges in both years, adjusted earnings were $216.8 million or $1.15 per share last year, compared to $225.2 million or $1.19 per share in 2011. Adjusted earnings for 2012 were above the mid-range of earnings guidance that we provided during the year.
All of our businesses remain fundamentally strong, as our adjusted earnings demonstrate. However, we have higher expectations for our performance and believe that our blueprint for targeted investments, when fully implemented, is capable of driving long-term compound annual growth in the 7 to 10 percent range. The fourth quarter of 2012 provided a very early look at some of the paybacks we can expect from our capital program. For example, we began to see an earnings contribution from our expansion into the natural gas processing business, which we will discuss more fully later in this letter. In addition, our accelerated oil production strategy met important milestones.
In November, the Board of Directors increased the common stock dividend for the 22nd consecutive year. We remain committed to paying a competitive dividend, and are extremely proud of our record of uninterrupted quarterly dividend payments for 75 years.
Fidelity Achieves Production growth target
Our production business, Fidelity Exploration & Production, is making good progress on its plan to build a stronger balance of its oil and natural gas portfolios. With natural gas prices at low levels and expected to remain there well into the future, Fidelity is targeting its production efforts at oil.
Fidelity’s largest oil producing property is in North Dakota’s Bakken formation, where it owns approximately 127,000 net acres of leaseholds and has five drilling rigs operating. The Bakken has created a modern-day oil boom and has made North Dakota the nation’s second-largest oil producer, behind Texas.
Oil production increased 36 percent over 2011, exceeding our growth target while achieving an oil reserve replacement rate of 267 percent. In the fourth quarter of last year oil accounted for 44 percent of Fidelity’s production. Fidelity expects to increase oil production by an additional 25 to 30 percent this year.
This year, we expect to invest approximately $400 million to continue increasing oil and liquids production, with about half of that concentrated in the Bakken. We will continue to explore ways to maximize production in Utah’s Paradox Basin, where Fidelity holds approximately 83,000 net exploratory leasehold acres. Based on our first four wells, we believe this location holds very significant potential. We also will continue building our liquids-rich production in Texas.
Midstream Business Expands
Our pipeline and energy services business, WBI Energy, is located in the heart of the Bakken, so it is ideally situated to benefit from the oil play and associated natural gas that is produced along with the oil. We operate the most extensive natural gas transportation system in the Bakken, with a FERC- regulated natural gas pipeline capable of moving 1 billion cubic feet per day and approximately 1,700 miles of operated field gathering lines.
Last year we continued to add capacity with pipelines transporting natural gas from processing plants to interstate pipelines. With completion of the latest addition, WBI Energy has quadrupled its Bakken takeaway capacity from 2010 levels. We have received sufficient customer commitments for an additional expansion of up to 200 million cubic feet per day. Pending regulatory approvals, that addition would go into service in 2014.
We also began an expansion of our midstream business with two

   investments that will diversify WBI Energy’s capabilities and expand MDU Resources’ vertically integrated investments in the Bakken oil play.
In May we purchased a 50 percent interest in a new natural gas processing plant and gathering system for both oil and natural gas. The plant can process 35,000 Mcf per day and is connected to our interstate pipeline system. The purchase also includes a crude oil storage terminal capable of storing 20,000 barrels. Production has been ramping up and we expect to receive a full year of benefits in 2013.
We recently announced that we have formed a partnership with Calumet Specialty Products Partners to build and operate a topping facility that will have the capability to refine 20,000 barrels a day of Bakken crude into diesel fuel. Depending on permitting approvals, construction could begin this spring and operations could begin in late 2014.
The plant will cost between $280 million to $300 million and will be located in western North Dakota, in the middle of a large and growing market. Diesel consumption in North Dakota is more than 53,000 barrels per day and is projected to increase to 75,000 barrels per day by 2025. The state’s lone refinery produces about 22,000 barrels a day, so the rest of the diesel supply is imported.
The refinery is a fine example of the value-added benefit that our corporate strategy provides when diversified businesses with complementary capabilities converge on a single project. We expect that Fidelity’s Bakken production will provide some of the facility’s crude oil. Our utility business will serve the facility’s electricity needs. WBI Energy will supply natural gas service. And both of our construction businesses can supply materials and services needed to help build the facility.
Similar teamwork is common across our corporation. A number of our construction services businesses are working for our utility business in North Dakota’s Bakken, helping build substations and distribution lines. One of our construction materials units is providing pad work for Fidelity’s drilling rigs. A number of our construction services companies are teaming up to develop solar and other renewable energy projects.
These opportunities, and others like them, demonstrate that while our businesses’ diversity of skills and capabilities are remarkable, at the end of the day the whole is stronger than the individual parts.
Utility Business Experiencing Customer growth
Our utility business experienced good customer growth in 2012 and now serves 991,000 electric and natural gas customers, stretching across eight states from Minnesota to Oregon and Washington. Electricity sales increased by 4 percent.
Harry J. Pearce
Chairman of the Board
David L. Goodin
President and
Chief Executive Officer
  The most significant growth took place in the Bakken, where the number of electric and natural gas customers grew by 9 percent and 7 percent, respectively. The Bakken area helped drive a 6 percent increase in North Dakota electricity sales, and we expect that trend to continue. A study last year by the North Dakota Transmission Authority projected that electricity demand in the Bakken will nearly double in the next five years and triple in the next 20 years.
To prepare for this growth and other needs across our system, capital investments of $242 million in 2012 and $252 million this year represent the largest capital spending in the history of our utility business. In the Bakken alone we invested about $74 million last year to serve the growing oil and natural gas customer base associated with oil development, and an additional $70 million is planned in 2013. This work will translate into earnings growth through the rate base.
Montana-Dakota Utilities expects to begin construction this year on an $86 million, 88-megawatt natural gas-fueled generating plant that will be located adjacent to our existing coal-fueled generating plant in Mandan, North Dakota. The plant, which is expected to begin operating in late 2014, will be a partial replacement for third-party contract capacity that expires in 2015. The North Dakota Public Service Commission has approved an advance determination of prudence for the project.
We also are installing a new emission control system at the Big Stone generating plant in South Dakota, which is co-owned by Montana-Dakota Utilities. The equipment is required by the South Dakota Regional Haze Program, which has been approved by the Environmental Protection Agency. Our utility’s share of the project will be about $125 million, with completion scheduled for 2015.
All of our utilities are committed to delivering outstanding customer service, and we are pleased to note that Intermountain Gas Company in Idaho has been recognized as an industry leader. For the third straight year in 2012, Intermountain Gas
   mdu resources group, inc. 3

   earned first place among West Region midsize natural gas utilities in the J.D. Power and Associates Gas Utility Residential Customers Satisfaction Study. Congratulations to all of the employees at Intermountain Gas, and thank you for your outstanding performance.
Construction Businesses
see Rebound in Markets
We are particularly pleased with the progress made by our construction businesses, which have borne much of the impact of the country’s weak economy.
Our construction services and construction materials units posted their highest earnings since 2008 and 2009, respectively. They entered 2013 with a consolidated backlog of $731 million, $39 million higher than a year ago. Although competition remains intense, we are encouraged by an increasing number of bidding opportunities across our entire construction business.
Perhaps just as important at Knife River Corporation, our construction materials business, was an increase in the amount of privately funded work — mostly commercial and residential — which virtually disappeared during the recession. At year-end, private work represented 14 percent of Knife River’s backlog.
The public works portion of the construction materials business continued to be centered on highway, airport and related transportation projects. That market received some stability last year when Congress passed a two-year transportation bill that continues federal funding for highway programs at approximately $40 billion a year. In addition, a number of states are increasing their infrastructure spending. North Dakota’s governor, for example, has proposed a record two-year budget of $2.7 billion to fund transportation and other infrastructure improvements.
Our construction services business offers a wide diversity of specialty services, and several of those segments experienced a strong year in 2012. Our Oregon Electric Group, which provides electrical construction, systems and manufacturing services, reported record earnings. That also was the case at Wagner- Smith Equipment, which is a leading manufacturer of specialty equipment used to string electric power lines.
Capital Electric Line Builders, based in Kansas City, Missouri, sent 84 employees to help restore electricity in the wake of Hurricane Sandy. The crews spent more than two weeks in southern New York and New England, and were recognized by local utilities for their outstanding work. These employees
regularly perform very demanding storm repair work around the country, and we are proud that they accomplish this with safety and professionalism.
Bombard Renewable Energy, based in Las Vegas, recently was ranked among the leading solar contractors by an industry publication, Solar Power World. The company has installed more than 60 megawatts of solar energy projects, and participated in the construction of the world’s first hybrid solar-geothermal power plant.
MDU Resources President and CEo Retires
We want to offer our congratulations and appreciation to Terry D. Hildestad, who retired as president and chief executive officer of MDU Resources on January 3. Terry’s career at MDU Resources spanned 38 years, and he had been CEO since 2006. He provided outstanding leadership through both good and bad economic times. The value of the company’s assets grew nearly 50 percent during the time Terry was president and CEO; he kept our company financially strong during the recession of the last several years; and he laid the groundwork for the growth initiatives that are now under way.
We also want to thank our employees — we number more than 10,000 during the peak construction season — for continuing to provide outstanding products and services to our customers, while exemplifying our corporate commitment to safety, integrity and service.
Finally, thank you for your investment in MDU Resources. We acknowledge and share your expectations for restoring the strong growth that has characterized MDU Resources’ history. We have an aggressive plan that built a solid foundation in 2012, and we look forward to continuing that progress in 2013.
Harry J. Pearce
Chairman of the Board
David L. Goodin
President and Chief Executive Officer February 22, 2013
  Building a strong America®
            4
mdu resources group, inc.
