                Report to Stockholders
    Our businesses performed well this past year, providing earnings at a level that sustained our post-recession recovery of 2013.
Our 2014 consolidated GAAP earnings were $297.5 million, or $1.55 per share, compared to $278.2 million, or $1.47 per share in 2013.
Because we have announced plans to exit the exploration and production business, we have provided consolidated adjusted earnings that exclude the results of that business, Fidelity Exploration & Production Company. Consolidated adjusted earnings totaled $206.0 million, or $1.07 per share, compared to $191.5 million, or $1.01 per share in 2013.
We appreciate the importance our shareholders place on the dividend, and we are proud of our record of paying a dividend uninterrupted for 77 years. In November, our Board of Directors increased the common stock dividend for the 24th consecutive year. This achievement is equaled by only about 100 of the 3,300 North American-listed,
dividend-paying common stocks traded on a major exchange.
We believe that the operational success our businesses had in 2014, and their progress with “line-of-sight” projects that have advanced beyond the conceptual stage, make a compelling case for sustainable long-term growth. We plan to provide about $3.9 billion in capital investments over the next five years to develop these growth opportunities.
We are proud to share the 2014 achievements and growth strategies of our operating companies.
Construction Businesses Deliver Strong Results
Our construction businesses’ combined adjusted earnings increased 11 percent over 2013 to their highest level since 2007. It is the fourth consecutive year of stronger combined year-over-year earnings.
The construction services business had record earnings for the second consecutive year, and ranks No. 10 on Engineering News Record’s list of 600 U.S. specialty contractors. Its outside electrical segment completed ahead of schedule the largest transmission line construction project in its history. It is a 345-kilovolt, double- circuit line stretching 108 miles from Wichita to Medicine Lodge, Kansas, and on to an interconnection at the Oklahoma
border. At year-end, the construction services business had a work backlog
of $305 million.
The construction materials and contracting business
turned in the best second half of the year
in its history. This business is the fifth-largest sand and
gravel producer in the U.S. It also completed the largest contract in its
Harry J. Pearce
Chairman of the Board
David L. Goodin
President and Chief Executive Officer
history, a $55 million highway bypass that relieved serious Bakken oilfield traffic bottlenecks in Watford City, North Dakota. At year-end, the business had a work backlog of $438 million.
We expect to build on our construction businesses’ industry leadership positions by moving them back into the growth mode that they enjoyed before the 2008 recession. Between 1992 and 2008 our construction businesses acquired almost 130 companies. They will use 2015 to identify potential acquisition candidates, along with organic growth opportunities. We anticipate providing a sizable merger and acquisition budget in 2016 to put their plans in motion.
           4 MDU Resources Group, Inc.

                        Utility Continues Growth
Our utility business, which serves more than 1 million customers across eight states, once again experienced customer growth of about 2 percent. The business has a five-year capital program of $1.8 billion to build generation, transmission and electric and natural gas distribution facilities that will allow it to keep pace with the energy demands of its growing customer base. The capital budget is expected to grow the utility’s rate base approximately 11 percent annually over the next five years on a compound basis.
About $478 million of capital expenditures are planned for this year, with $60 million concentrated in the Bakken oilfields, where electricity and natural gas customer growth has been particularly robust. While we may expect to see a tempering of activity with recent commodity pricing, we have a backlog of projects there to complete during the coming year.
In 2014 the business unit completed construction and placed into commercial operation a $77 million 88-megawatt natural gas turbine in North Dakota. It also signed an agreement to purchase a $200 million 107.5-megawatt Thunder Spirit Wind project that is expected to be completed by December 2015. With the addition of that project’s 43 wind turbines, renewable energy will make up about 20 percent of the utility’s generating portfolio.
This year the utility expects to complete an environmental upgrade to the Big Stone generating plant; its share of the cost is about $90 million. The utility, along with a partner, has received necessary route permits for a 160-mile 345-kilovolt transmission line from Ellendale, North Dakota, to Big Stone City, South Dakota. It is a multivalue project for the Midcontinent Independent System
Operator that is
expected to be
completed in 2019. The company’s share of the cost is approximately $170 million.
The natural gas utility segment has a number of pipeline projects underway that would enhance the reliability and deliverability of its system in the Pacific Northwest and Idaho. It also is involved in a 30-mile natural gas line project that would serve the Hanford Nuclear Site in Washington, with an investment of approximately $60 million. In addition, the utility in 2014 made an initial investment in liquefied natural gas (LNG) production. This project capitalizes on the large amount of natural gas being produced in the Bakken, and offers opportunities for additional LNG projects.
Earnings Up 50 Percent
at Pipeline, Energy Services
Our pipeline and energy services business increased earnings by 50 percent last year due to continued strong results from its 50 percent ownership interest in the Pronghorn natural gas and oil gathering and processing facility, and the first rate increase in 15 years on its interstate pipeline. Total transportation volumes reached a record level.
The business continued expanding its natural gas pipeline business with completion of a 15.5-mile pipeline that can transport up to 200 million cubic feet per day of natural gas from a Bakken processing plant to an interstate pipeline. It is the third such project completed in the last four years. It also is expanding its transmission system to increase capacity in the Black Hills in South Dakota.
We expect the Dakota Prairie Refining diesel refinery to begin commercial operation in the second quarter of this year. The project, which we are building in
partnership with Calumet Specialty Products Partners, is the first greenfield refinery built in the U.S. since 1976. It will be able to process 20,000 barrels of Bakken crude oil per day into diesel fuel to help fill North Dakota’s greatly undersupplied market.
We are disappointed that the construction schedule and costs have not met our original estimates. Winter weather and late revisions to the facility’s electrical systems and controls have delayed the anticipated year-end 2014 startup and the total cost now is more than $400 million. However, we expect this will still be a profitable facility, with annualized EBITDA of $60 million to $80 million that will be shared equally with our partner. The company announced last year that it is evaluating the feasibility of a second refinery in the northern part of North Dakota. We expect that evaluation will continue through much of this year.
The pipeline and energy services business has a record five-year capital budget of $1.1 billion. It continues permitting and acquiring easements for the Wind Ridge Pipeline project, a 95-mile natural gas pipeline that would deliver approximately 90 million cubic feet per day to an announced fertilizer plant near Spiritwood, North Dakota. The project will cost approximately $120 million and is
     MDU Resources Group, Inc. 5

                projected to be in service in 2017. There is an opportunity to expand the pipeline’s capacity to serve other customers in eastern North Dakota.
The company also has entered into an agreement to build a pipeline connecting the Demicks Lake natural gas processing plant, which a third party has announced it will build in northwestern North Dakota, with the Northern Border Pipeline. The cost is estimated at $50 million to $60 million. The company will hold an open season to gauge additional interest in the project.
Oil Price Volatility Delays Exit From Exploration and Production Business
Last year we announced that we intend to market Fidelity Exploration & Production Company. In light of the recent volatility of oil prices we have delayed that process. While we can’t predict an actual sale date, for forecasting purposes we are assuming a sale after 2015. Fidelity is a good business with good assets, but the amount of capital required to develop them and grow production at a meaningful level would significantly limit the amount of capital available to grow our other businesses.
The decision reflects a continuing evolution of our company, and results from a regular review by MDU Resources’ Board of Directors and management of our strategies and portfolio of businesses to determine if there are opportunities to improve shareholder value. Over the years that has led to a number of changes in our company. For example, we consolidated a number of separate operations to build an interstate pipeline business, which we are now expanding into a broader midstream business. We exited the coal mining business and used that expertise to build an aggregates business that is among the 10 largest producers in the U.S. We built up an independent power business, then
sold it to acquire a utility, expanding our regulated businesses.
We will continue to focus on maximizing the value of Fidelity until it is sold. We will work on lowering its cost structure, and minimize our investments in the first half of the year to allow service costs to better align with the lower commodity price environment. We anticipate some drilling in the second half of the year, but plan to limit spending to the operating cash flow that is generated by the business.
The delayed marketing will not affect our total five-year capital budget, but we expect to shift some funding into 2016. Among the work affected will be capital expenditures associated with a potential second refinery and acquisition capital at the construction businesses. The 2015 capital budget will be $692 million.
We continue to believe that exiting the exploration and production business is the right decision. As the growth opportunities discussed here illustrate, we believe we can create greater long-term value for our shareholders by focusing on our utility, construction and pipeline and energy services businesses — and at less risk, as the current decline in oil prices indicates.
The current oil price environment has led to much speculation about the future viability of shale oil development in the Bakken and other parts of the U.S. You probably have read about the slowdown in drilling rig activity and workforce reductions at oilfield service companies. The outcome is particularly important to MDU Resources, because every one of our businesses has had a profitable presence in the Bakken, and it is an important part of our growth.
While a prolonged period of lower commodity prices could slow future growth, electric utility customer growth in the Bakken last year was 5 percent, and natural gas customers increased by 3 percent. Our view is that this is not an end to the oil boom by any stretch of the
imagination, but rather a temporary lull that might actually bring some benefits to North Dakota. It will provide a much- needed breather to catch up on infrastructure in communities where growth has outpaced resources. The current cost structure also is likely to drive industry innovations in technology and efficiency.
Thank You to Employees
The credit for our success in 2014 and what we expect to achieve in 2015 goes in large part to our outstanding employees, who number more than 11,300 during peak construction season. We want to thank them for their commitment to serving customers and shareholders with professionalism and integrity.
By their nature, our businesses demand a very high level of attention to safety, and our employees once again performed better than their industry peer averages. We want to recognize in particular the employees of our two construction businesses, Knife River and the Construction Services Group, who in 2014 had the best safety performances in their history.
Lastly, we want to thank you for investing in MDU Resources. We value the confidence your investment represents, and we are committed to growing this company in a manner that provides you with significant long-term value.
Harry J. Pearce
Chairman of the Board
David L. Goodin
President and Chief Executive Officer February 20, 2015
          6 MDU Resources Group, Inc.
