 To Our Shareholders On November 12, 2013, Media General merged with Young Broadcasting,
creating a new company nearly double in size, with significant upside potential.
It has been an amazing year. We entered 2013 as
a newly minted, pure-play broadcast and digital com- pany. We had 18 television stations clustered mostly in the Southeast. Today, we own or operate 31 top-rated stations across the Nation, from east to west and north to south.
The merger of Media General and Young Broadcast- ing on November 12, 2013, was a renaissance event for both companies. This business combination created a new, diversified company with a strong balance sheet, generating robust cash flows – and with very strong upside potential.
In fact, we’re delivering on the promise, and the potential, of this merger right out of the gate.
Merger Synergies
Our merger promised $30 million of financing and operating synergies, about evenly split, at the time of
the announcement. That total quickly increased to
$44 million. Financing synergies nearly doubled to $29 million because this powerful combination allowed us to refinance our debt at an even lower cost of capital than we’d anticipated. We believe our announced $15 million of operating synergies will go even higher.
Seamless Integration
The integration of the two companies also is going very well. We found early on during visits to all of the legacy Young stations that our two organizations ap- proached the world – and our responsibilities to, and our roles in, our communities – in exactly the same ways. Our common culture has been an accelerant as we’ve become one, unified, new Media General.
The addition of two former Young executives to our leadership team, Deb McDermott and Bob Peterson, also has been a huge factor in our success. Deb be- came our senior vice president of broadcast markets.
Bob joined Jim Conschafter and John Cottingham as a vice president of broadcast markets. These three operating leaders now oversee a mix of legacy Media General and Young stations, also sharing, very effec- tively, the implementation of best practices from both organizations.
2014 Outlook
We’re excited about the opportunity 2014 provides to deliver a particularly strong performance – especially because of the Winter Olympics, this year’s elections, a rising market for retransmission revenues and growth from our digital and mobile platforms.
Our nine NBC stations already have benefited from the Sochi Olympics. Total Olympics revenues of $11.6 million this year were up strongly compared to the last Winter Olympics in 2010.
2014 also will be a strong year for political revenues. We now operate in numerous battleground states, including Iowa, Florida, Michigan, North Carolina, Ohio, Virginia and Wisconsin, where our strong market posi- tions enable our stations to capture high shares of politi- cal advertising revenues.
With our 31-station group, we’re participating more than ever before in the rising retransmission market.
In 2013, our combined retrans revenues reached $94 million. That’s up from $65 million in 2012. And this year, we expect to increase this game-changing revenue stream by more than 40%.
Capital expenditures in 2014 are expected to be $41 million, as we complete the remaining build-out of our high-definition capabilities, ensuring that all of our sta- tions are HD from end-to-end. We’ll also make invest- ments to grow audience and market share. This level of capital spending is unique to 2014. Beginning in 2015, we expect capital spending to return a normal run rate of $15-20 million.
4 MEDIA GENERAL

Digital Strategy
We have strong, and growing, digital and mobile plat- forms at all of our stations. With our merger, we have the infrastructure, products and people in place to grow digital audience and revenue at an ever-higher rate.
Additionally, we’ve strengthened the content and technology for our stations’ websites. This change has been very effective in capturing new audiences from mobile, which now provides more than 50% of our digital audience.
We provide advertisers with a full suite of digital marketing solutions, and we enable our clients to reach targeted consumers in any U.S. market and across all digital and mobile platforms. Our customers can target the audiences they wish to reach based on geography, content, behavior, income or device. Advanced report- ing tools enable advertisers to assess the effectiveness of their ads, which makes our digital offerings more attractive to them.
Station Growth Initiatives
Our stations are strong performers and provide us with the opportunity for additional growth initiatives, on both traditional and digital platforms. Of course, “local” is the name of the game for us. Our primary newscasts are the cornerstones of our content delivery. It’s not un- usual for a Media General station to run 35-40 hours of local news each week. We additionally have a focused investigative reporting initiative under way, and it’s paying off in audience development.
We’ve also added new newscasts at non-traditional times in many of our markets. At some of our stations, our local news starts as early as 4:30 a.m. In fact, this is one of the fastest growing times for news consumption. We’ve also begun airing news at 7 p.m. and on weekend mornings. We’re additionally producing successful, local lifestyle programs, offering viewers unique longer-form advertising and content about their communities.
Increasing Shareholder Value
Shareholder value has increased significantly since the beginning of 2013. We’re focused intently on increasing broadcast cash flow and BCF margins to provide further return to our shareholders.
We expect to be an acquirer in our industry’s con- tinuing consolidation. We have the experience, balance sheet, free cash flow generation and financial flexibility to deliver.
With our values, management team and stations
J. Stewart Bryan III, Chairman of the Board, and George L. Mahoney, President and Chief Executive Officer.
aligned, we’re very proud of what we’re accomplishing – and all that it portends.
In closing, we’ve been delighted this year to welcome the directors of Young Broadcasting to our Board. We’d also like to recognize three retiring Directors and thank them for their loyal service, sage counsel and their many significant contributions to our company: Rod Smolla, Carl Thigpen and Coleman Wortham. We thank them for their commitment and wisdom as we have transformed your company into the new Media General.
Yours Sincerely,
J. Stewart Bryan III Chairman of the Board
George L. Mahoney
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 7, 2014
      2013 ANNUAL REPORT 5
