                dear shareholders
 > 2012 was a landmark year for LIN Media; in fact, it was the best in our 50+ year history. We delivered record results, expanded our footprint, launched innovative new products and services, and positioned ourselves for future growth.
The LIN Media team has been committed NM, building on our strong presence in
 2
to our strategy for years and in 2012, we made further progress to ensure our local television stations were among the highest consumed media outlets in our markets. Our ongoing investments in the digital space provided meaningful revenue streams and continued to differentiate our company.
Our financial performance is strong and our ability to incrementally advance our strategy helped us set new records in 2012. Some highlights are as follows:
• Achieved the greatest revenue, EBITDA, and margin in our company’s history.
• Completed the largest acquisition in our company’s history, expanding our footprint from 15 to 23 markets and increasing our coverage by nearly 4 million households.
• Began providing services to a CW and MyNetwork TV station in Albuquerque,
this growth market.
• Capitalized on our market leading news stations to generate an unprecedented amount of political revenues.
• Successfully reached new retransmission agreements with pay
TV providers for almost half of the pay TV subscribers in our markets, which better reflect the immense value of our television stations.
• Earned record interactive revenue and contribution to total revenue.
• Issued notes at the lowest cost of borrowing on company record.
• Total year-end debt leverage was 3.3x, the lowest level in nearly a decade, even with our acquisition.
• Developed a successful plan to resolve the NBC joint venture.
   
                We also successfully executed several operating initiatives that were designed to enhance our market leadership and build upon the strong relationships we have with viewers and advertisers. During the year,
we transitioned 12 television stations to high definition, enhanced our local news content production and distribution on all screens, launched a mobile business, attracted and trained some of the industry’s best talent, maximized our operating efficiencies by opening a shared financial center and another technology center, and expanded our digital business and sales operations to 28 markets across the country. The investments we made, and continue to make, in our people, facilities, processes and systems
are among the most important elements in building loyalty amongst viewers and attracting local advertising revenue.
It was great to see investors recognize
our performance, as LIN Media’s equity appreciated 78% during 2012 and our stock was regarded as one of the media industry’s top performers. 2012 was an outstanding year and I am excited about 2013. We have
real momentum in our digital business as
we continue to rapidly grow and invest in
this space. Additionally, our recent station acquisitions are great properties and our local teams have been working diligently
to integrate and execute LIN Media’s strategy. Our goal is to have all of our stations providing consumers with the best and most relevant content on multiple screens and advertisers with the most effective platform and solutions to reach their target audiences.
There is no doubt that our recent and future success is a result of, and dependent upon, our people. We provide the tools, resources and overall plan; they execute it every
day. Embracing change and learning new ways is never easy. I believe our team is the most motivated, hard working and forward thinking in the business and I am proud of our accomplishments. I look forward to all that we will achieve in the years to come.
Vincent L. Sadusky
President & Chief Executive Officer
    We completed the largest acquisition in our company’s history and opened our digital sales headquarters in New York, NY, a shared financial services center in Indianapolis, IN and a third technology center in Mobile, AL.
Legacy Markets
New Markets
The acquisition strengthens our mid-size station portfolio by expanding our footprint from 15 to 23 markets and increasing our coverage by nearly 4 million households. It also provides significant opportunities to grow our digital business, increase our importance with pay
TV providers, networks
and syndicators, and
add greater scale to amortize digital media and technology investments, including our shared services capabilities.
3
     