  2
Dear Fellow shareholDers
   “We will continue to focus on producing the
highest quality and quantity of local content on a 24/7 real-time basis and offering unique selling
After experiencing one of the worst periods in the history of advertising, 2010 proved to be one of the best revenue growth years for LIN
Media. The economy continued its recovery throughout the year and
local TV emerged from the crisis with overwhelming support as a very effective advertising medium. In fact, television had the most revenue growth and share gain of all major media.
The challenges companies faced during the economic downturn caused them to evaluate every marketing dollar
and return to utilize the services of high-quality, proven media outlets.
We successfully executed on several initiatives throughout the year that enabled us to achieve our highest quarterly EBITDA in both dollars and margin percentage in nearly a decade.
In addition to achieving terrific financial results, we remained committed to innovating and investing in our future.
We continued to transform our traditional newsrooms into modern digital content centers, integrated our Northeast and Midwest stations into our two technology centers, and continued to maximize the efficiency of our broadcast operations through an enhanced redesign of our workflow.
propositions to”
our advertisers.
 
 We also strengthened our leadership positions and relationships with viewers by increasing the amount of unique local programs that
are customized to our markets. We added newscasts, high school and college sports programs, special political segments, and
we launched local lifestyle programs in our Indianapolis, Norfolk, Springfield, Mobile and Albuquerque markets. In 2010, our television stations delivered more than 30,000 hours of unique local programming. We will continue to focus on producing the highest quality and quantity of local content on a 24/7 real-time basis and offering unique selling propositions to our advertisers.
Political advertising was another bright spot as a result of a large number of gubernatorial races, Congressional races, and contentious issues,
as well as fewer restrictions on corporate and nonprofit advertising spending. Our stations took every opportunity to maximize political dollars both on-air and online with the launch of OnPolitix.
The growth of our digital business differentiates us from our competition. Our goal for advertisers is to be the “preferred media partner”, offering a valuable array of targeted multiplatform advertising opportunities.
We have focused on the quality of our content, user engagement, internal and external content syndication and streamed and packaged video. 2010 was the first full year that we were able to offer our advertisers interactive solutions beyond our station web sites. Our 2009 acquisition
of RMM has proven to be a great extension of our local on-air and online advertising outlets, providing advertising solutions beyond TV channels and web sites.
We owe much of our success to our talented workforce that weathered the storm with confidence and supported the difficult restructuring of jobs and responsibilities.
We know the future of our industry relies on attracting bright and ambitious students to pursue a career in local media. That is why more than a decade ago we established LIN Media’s Minority Scholarship and Training Program and in 2011, we are expanding the program
to include a digital scholarship and internship in addition to broadcast. By building on
the cultural diversity of our workforce,
we are strengthening our talent base and building strong relationships within our
local communities.
Despite very good operating results, we cannot rest. Consumers’ media choices are expanding at an unprecedented rate and future media behavior is uncertain. What we do know is that excellent content will continue to aggregate large, engaged audiences and provide an effective platform for advertisers.
Our strong brands, quality local programming, and advertiser-focused initiatives, as well as
our commitment to broadcast excellence, innovation and digital urgency, are cornerstones of our strategy. We are confident these ongoing initiatives will ensure LIN Media’s leadership position in the markets we serve as the economy continues to rebound.
Sincerely,
Vincent L. Sadusky
President and Chief Executive Officer
    3
