                2011
 dear fellow shareholders
2
2011 was a great year for LIN Media. The strategic plan we implemented three years ago continues to yield results, increase our competitive advantages and incrementally improve our leading local market positions.
We believe that television will remain the focal point for home entertainment throughout the digital revolution, yet media behaviors will continue to change. This is an opportunity for our Company to play a significant role in evolving the business of media.
Our priorities in 2011 were to make important investments in our people, products and services and to diversify our revenues. A summary of our progress is as follows:
 • Grew interactive revenues by 66% •
• Increased pay-TV subscriber fees by 37%
• Non TV ad revenue represented 24% of • total net revenue, which is the highest
in our Company’s history
Launched our 11th local lifestyle show and added 1,350 more local programming hours versus the prior year
Transitioned two additional markets to high definition
• Continued our strategic process reengineering efforts, which resulted in minimal expense growth in our core TV business
• Launched a FOX digital channel in Terre Haute, creating a CBS/FOX duopoly
• Created two more multiple station markets with CW affiliates
• Refinanced our credit facility and 6.5% notes, reducing our interest cost by approximately $9 million annually
• Used free cash flow to retire debt, reducing our consolidated net debt to $596 million, the lowest since we were incorporated in 1998(1)
(1)A reconciliation of total debt to consolidated net debt can be found on page 8 of this Annual Report.
  
                “Our priorities in 2011 were to continue making important investments in our people, products and services and bring innovative products to market that make it more convenient for users to access our superior local content on the most popular electronic devices.”
3
These accomplishments allowed us
to achieve our best odd-year EBITDA
and EBITDA margin percentage in
nearly a decade. This is an important accomplishment, considering we delivered these results while continuing to invest
in our broadcast operations and interactive business.
Our results would not have been possible without the skills and commitment of our talented employees. Looking ahead, we are very focused on bringing the best content, sales and technical professionals to pursue a career at LIN Media. We established a formal process to identify and provide a career
path for high performers and significantly increased our training and best practice sharing throughout all divisions of our organization. In addition, we improved the criteria and rewards for our annual Circle of Excellence program. Finally, we expanded our Minority Scholarship and Training Program
to include a new two-year digital media scholarship and internship, which furthers our commitment of attracting future leaders and promoting diversity in the workplace. 2012 is a year where we will accelerate those efforts and continue to raise the performance bar, recognizing that one of the
most important requirements for achieving competitive advantage is to have a group
of smart, well-trained self-starters that want to lead.
We believe that local television offers the most compelling entertainment option in today’s world of endless media choices. This is supported by the fact that the average
US household spends more time with
local TV than any other media outlet. The combination of local, syndicated and network programs, coupled with our local stations’ daily community interaction and promotion, has enabled local TV to stand the test of
time and continue to prosper in today’s environment, and we believe, well into the future. With our local TV stations establishing our foundation, our goal is to continue building our local content and interactive products as we evolve our service offerings to meet the demands of a rapidly progressing digital media landscape.
Sincerely,
Vincent L. Sadusky President and CEO
      