chairman’s letter
To MetLife Shareholders:
A few years ago, MetLife stood before the investment community and made some powerful promises. We laid out specific financial and operational objectives that we would work to achieve over the next several years. We said we would achieve increasing profitability across the enterprise and efficiently utilize excess capital while improving returns to shareholders. And we said our newly instituted perform- ance management culture would drive MetLife to higher levels of performance.
This December, as the MetLife senior management team and I stood before 200 members of the investment community during our annual Investor Day, the message was clear and unequivocal. We are delivering on our promises. We are doing what we said we would do and are well on the way
to achieving our ambitious goals, despite the hurdles that we and others in the industry have faced.
The year 2002 was good for MetLife in terms of financial performance. We delivered to our shareholders results consistent with
investment community expectations and, in fact, exceeded our target of 11.5% operating return on equity, ending the year at 11.7%. We delivered to our customers the continued pledge to build financial freedom for everyone. This is what it’s all about—earning the trust of our various constituencies as we have done for the past 135 years.
Particularly today, in light of stock market volatility, the recent spate of corporate scandals, and the uncertain geopolitical landscape, customers want to deal with a company they can trust. They want a financially strong company that will be there for them, in good times and bad, to deliver on its guarantees and provide the products they need to feel secure and confident. They want to deal with employees they can trust to offer the highest level of objective advice and counsel. And they want to do business with a company which has integrity as one of its core values.
Customers want to do business with a company like MetLife, and this year we benefited from this flight to quality. Through disciplined and strategic financial management and solid business growth, we are increasingly well positioned in the marketplace. Our earnings, despite some significant market hurdles and a difficult operating environment, continue to reflect the diversity, strength and financial flexibility of MetLife’s businesses.
In 2002, we continued to focus on our capital management. As volatile equity markets in 2002 caused rating agencies to take a more cautious view of the insurance industry, we worked quickly to defend our ratings by increasing capital in our primary insurance operating entity, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. We did so, in part, from the sale of 17 real estate properties during the fourth quarter that had a carrying value of approximately $840 million. This special initiative, which is a portion of the company’s total real estate sales program, provided us in excess of $500 million in statutory gains. Capital was also raised through a $1 billion debt offering in December, the proceeds of which were used to increase capital in Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and for other general corporate purposes. The combination of these and other actions enhanced Metropolitan Life Insurance Company’s risk based capital ratio, a measure of financial strength and security used by regulators, rating agencies and investors.
H Business Growth Outpaces the Market
Throughout our lines of business, we surpassed a number of goals this year as we continued to grow and enhance our operations. The exceptional results of Institutional Business resulted in an operating return on allocated equity of 23.0%, as the business exper- ienced strong top line sales growth and continued expense efficiencies. In fact, our business growth in many cases outpaced the market, a clear sign that we are improving our competitive positioning.
In 2002, we set out to reduce expenses in our Individual Business operation by $200 million, before income taxes. We exceeded our goal and delivered expense savings of $220 million, before income taxes. We realized these savings through rigorous expense discipline, aggressive utilization of technology and development of common platforms to support many of our functional operations.
In addition to the expense savings in Individual Business, our distribution channels in this operation nimbly shifted gears to accommodate market demands through their broad array of fixed offerings to compensate for the lower demand for variable products. Increases in whole life, universal life and term life insurance sales offset declines in equity-linked insurance products, while the launch of a new line of annuity products created new market opportunities in the agent and broker-dealer channels.
  
Through improved operating fundamentals, including rate increases, Auto & Home exceeded its goal of $155 million in operating earnings and achieved a combined ratio under 100%. And, through strategic and accretive acquisitions in Mexico and Chile, our International business nearly tripled its operating earnings while continuing to plant seeds for future growth.
H Leveraging the Power of the Enterprise
To broaden our services and capitalize on a trend in our business over the past several years—the increasing popularity of voluntary benefits in the workplace, such as life insurance, long-term care, auto and home insurance, and financial advice—we placed our Individual and Institutional Businesses under a shared services umbrella in 2002. The U.S. Insurance and Financial Services businesses, while distinct, leverage the strengths of our Individual Business and Institutional Business by creating a common administrative platform which will bring to bear the company’s full resources to enhance top-line growth, create greater efficiencies, increase expense savings, bolster product development and accelerate the pace of technology enhancements. More importantly, we will be better positioned to serve our customers.
H Achieving Milestones
We made a number of business inroads in 2002, including continued success with eBusiness initiatives such as MyBenefits, MetDental.com and MetLink. By year-end, group life premiums, fees and other revenues were $5.16 billion, voluntary benefit premiums topped $3 billion, and retirement and savings entered the market with its new fully bundled 401(k) product. Annuity deposits were $7.89 billion, driven by increases in production by: MetLife Investors Group, up 98%; New England Financial, up 32%; MetLife Resources, up 16%; and, MetLife Financial Services, up 6%. Fixed annuity deposits were $1.47 billion and variable annuity deposits were $6.42 billion.
In the international arena, MetLife’s acquisition of Mexico’s Aseguradora Hidalgo S.A., vaulted us to the #1 spot in life insurance in that country. This acquisition enabled MetLife to further expand its presence in Mexico, a country in which we’ve had very good experience through MetLife Genesis, a wholly-owned subsidiary since 1992.
International is a growth area for MetLife as we continue to tap opportunities in underserved, yet growing markets worldwide. In fact, we are challenging International to grow operating earnings by 30% to 40% and operating revenues by 15% to 20% each year, obtaining leadership positions in three or four countries by 2005, and to contribute 7%-9% of the company’s total operating revenues and operating earnings by that year.
H MetLife and Snoopy
Part of our strength as a company comes from our brand, one of the most widely recognized and trusted in the world. Snoopy is our corporate ambassador and has been an important part of our advertising campaigns for more than 17 years. In December 2002, we signed a new 10-year contract with United Media to continue the inclusion of Snoopy and the PEANUTS characters in MetLife’s domestic and certain international advertising.
H Setting Higher Standards for Performance
MetLife’s relentless focus on performance management continues to produce tangible results. Consider that six years ago, when we implemented performance management, our adjusted operating return on equity was 7%. As of December 31, 2002, our operating return on equity was 11.7%. What this tells me, and the broader investment community, is that we are driving results by rewarding perform- ance. Within this culture, we continue to attract and retain top achievers. People are recognizing that MetLife is an exciting place to be.
With solid business strategies, capital strength and continued discipline around operational excellence, MetLife is very well posi- tioned. Our tradition of trust and integrity has become a vital point of differentiation that has enabled MetLife to benefit from the flight to quality evidenced in today’s marketplace. This is something we’re proud of, and which is reaffirmed day-to-day as an integral part of how we manage our business.
MetLife’s leadership in the world’s financial service arena carries with it responsibilities as large as they are exciting. To me, there can be no doubt about our ability to deliver on our promises. There can be no question as to our honor. Earning marketplace respect, and your respect as our shareholders, is a priority for me, and for all employees of MetLife. Thank you for your continued commitment to MetLife’s success.
Sincerely,
Robert H. Benmosche
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 27, 2003
* Operating return on equity is defined as operating earnings divided by average equity (excluding unrealized investment gains and losses). Operating earnings is defined as net income excluding net investment gains or losses, net of income taxes. Operating earnings is a non-GAAP financial measure that management uses in managing the company’s business and evaluating its results.
 Adjusted operating return on equity also excludes $190 million, net of income taxes, of certain litigation-related charges.
