chairman’s letter
To MetLife’s Shareholders:
The attributes that define the MetLife brand and reputation—trustworthy, financially strong and opti- mistic, to name a few—were clearly reinforced in 2003 by the positive results we generated across the entire organization. As a fellow shareholder, I am pleased to report that MetLife made strong progress in 2003 as we continued to implement our business strategy, grow our diverse businesses and, ultimately, position our company for continued, long-term growth.
The marketplace for financial services is extremely competitive, and MetLife continues to be a leader. In addition to being the largest life insurer in the United States, we are ranked number one in most group product areas, including life insurance, automobile and homeowners insurance and long-term care. But
more than anything, as a leader, we undoubtedly play a significant role in millions of people’s lives. We also know that MetLife does much more than help its clients grow or protect their financial future. We are helping millions of individuals live a life of significance, enjoying the things that matter most because we have helped them build financial freedom.
H Delivering Strong, Positive Results
After three years of a broad, economic slowdown, in 2003 we witnessed improvements in both the credit and equity markets. At the same time, while interest rates remained at historic lows, the S&P 500 Index was up 26% for the year. Against this backdrop, MetLife delivered $2.22 billion in net income during the year—a 38% increase over 2002’s results. Also in 2003, assets under management grew by 17% to $350.2 billion; Individual annuity deposits grew 42% to $11.2 billion; and total premiums and fees increased 9% to $23.2 billion.
These positive results clearly demonstrate both our commitment and ability to deliver value and growth to MetLife’s shareholders. In addition to top line growth across the enterprise, our diverse businesses increased sales, improved operating efficiencies and continued to leverage resources, improving our ability to perform—today and many years into the future.
MetLife’s financial strength continues to be augmented by business segments that have established leadership positions and a strong track record in the marketplace.
With 88 of the FORTUNE 100 as clients and a 13% return on equity, MetLife’s Institutional Business segment has sustained strong growth. In 2003, we further expanded and enhanced our institutional market position with the acquisition of John Hancock’s group life insurance business and the pending acquisition of the long-term care business of TIAA-CREF. At the same time, our existing group life insurance business continued to outpace the market as premiums and fees reached $5.4 billion in 2003.
On the retail side, our Individual Business segment not only sharpened its business focus, but also experienced significant growth in key areas. In 2003, MetLife Investors Group, which distributes MetLife products through banks and national and regional independent broker/dealers, achieved annuity deposits of $6.4 billion in 2003—$2.9 billion more than in 2002. Including annuity deposits from MetLife Financial Services and New England Financial, total annuity deposits were $11.2 billion for the year. At the same time, our MetLife Financial Services and New England Financial distribution channels continued to focus on expense management, future sales growth and improving profitability.
During the year, MetLife Bank, which was formed in 2001, surpassed $1 billion in deposits. Moving forward, the bank will play an important role in the MetLife enterprise. In the first quarter of 2004, we launched a promotional campaign to bring more new business to the bank and we continue to leverage the bank’s offerings among our Individual and Institutional distribution channels.
At MetLife Auto & Home, the 13th largest provider of personal lines property and casualty insurance in the U.S. by written premium, record net income of $157 million was achieved in 2003 and Auto & Home’s combined ratio was 99.7% at year end.
MetLife International played an important role in our progress in 2003. We continued to focus on growing our business in significant emerging markets. Like other areas of MetLife, we also created a common platform of support for International to enhance customer service, create efficiencies and build a global MetLife brand. We successfully integrated our Mexican companies and launched MetLife Mexico, the largest life insurance company in that country. We formed a joint venture company with Capital Airports Holding Company to begin business in Beijing, China, where sales are expected to begin in the first quarter of 2004. After performing disciplined analysis, we decided to exit the insurance markets in Spain, Portugal and Poland—countries that were not part of our strategic focus.
H Effective Capital Management
In addition to maintaining strong, top line growth in our business segments, we have continued to effectively manage our capital. This effort, which has been ongoing since the initial public offering, has enabled us to preserve MetLife’s financial strength and has resulted in increases in MetLife’s book value, risk-based capital ratio and operating return on equity.
In November, we leveraged our strong credit ratings as we completed a $200 million retail offering of 5.875% 30-year senior notes and a $500 million institutional offering of 5.00% 10-year senior notes. The retail offering was different from our prior debt offerings in that it was targeted directly to retail investors, which will enable MetLife to attract a broader and more diverse base of investors. At the same time, we resumed our common stock repurchase program and, in the fourth quarter of 2003, repurchased an additional three million shares. We also declared an annual stock dividend of $0.23 per common share—a 10% increase from the 2002 annual dividend.
In 2003, we generated nearly $12 billion in net investment income while adhering to our investment principles of rigorous asset- liability management, through risk management and portfolio diversification in managing MetLife’s $222 billion investment portfolio. We
  
also capitalized on our strength in the real estate market by producing significant gains through the sale of several high-profile real estate properties, including 11 Madison Avenue in New York City and One California Plaza in Los Angeles. And as of December 31, 2003, there were an estimated $3.6 billion of unrealized gains in the real estate portfolio.
H Driving High Standards of Performance
Clearly, strong performance is a priority for MetLife and the progress we have made to date is due to the commitment of our talented and diverse professionals. Working together, our strong business leaders and knowledgeable associates have driven our growth initiatives, eliminated redundancies and created operating efficiencies across the entire MetLife enterprise.
In addition to instituting clear performance management metrics at MetLife, we have created a sense of partnership throughout the organization. Due in part to performance management, our businesses are generating increasingly better results and our employees are directly compensated in line with our pay for performance philosophy. In addition to improved business performance, in 2003 we successfully retained 94% of all our top performers and 97% of our top performing officers.
Not only is this an exciting time to be at MetLife, but it’s also a time for those who are associated with this company to feel very proud. MetLife is committed to upholding highly ethical business principles and continues to place great importance on meeting equally high corporate governance standards.
In 2003 and in the first quarter of 2004, we added four new independent members to the MetLife board, which is comprised of talented and experienced leaders who, collectively, bring a diverse breadth and wealth of experience to the company. Every director not only acts in the best interests of MetLife’s stockholders, but also is committed to ensuring that the right corporate governance controls and procedures are in place. As of January 21, 2004, MetLife had taken all steps necessary to meet or exceed all of the New York Stock Exchange guidelines. And all directors who sit on the company’s Audit, Compensation and Governance Committees meet the indepen- dence requirements of the NYSE.
Because MetLife believes that employees’ and directors’ financial interests should be aligned with those of stockholders, directors received 50% of their compensation in MetLife stock. In addition, in 2003, stock ownership guidelines were instituted for every officer. Everyone from the vice president level to the CEO will be required to achieve certain equity ownership requirements over the next few years.
H A Solid Position for Continued Growth
MetLife has a long, proud history and we remain committed to preserving that legacy as we simultaneously develop innovative products and solutions that will enable us to capitalize on opportunities for future growth.
We have made significant progress since our initial public offering in 2000. And this is just the beginning of what we believe we will be able to accomplish. As we move forward in 2004, we have some exciting plans in place to grow our businesses, launch new initiatives and deliver valuable, long-term solutions that can help our customers meet their financial goals.
We have the ability to do all of this because of our highly professional staff, experienced leaders, strong financials and, most important, our positive outlook for the future of MetLife and the millions of customers who rely on us to deliver on our promises.
Thank you for your continued support of our efforts. Sincerely,
Robert H. Benmosche
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 22, 2004
 