chairman’s letter
To MetLife Shareholders:
The year 2001 was a true test of the qualities that define MetLife. Our core values, brought to life in what we do every day, were no more evident than in our response to the tragic events that shook our nation on September 11. Our purpose, to build financial freedom for everyone, resonated with meaning as we served our customers, communities and employees during this difficult time. And, our investment of $1 billion in a broad array of publicly traded stocks was a testament to the confidence we have in our country and our economy. As I reflect on the year and what we accomplished, I have never been more proud to be a part of MetLife. While financial results are clearly important, it’s the impact we have on our customers’ lives that has been, and always will be, MetLife’s legacy.
During the year, we continued to sharpen our strategic focus and review our operating platforms, shaping MetLife for heightened market leadership in the years ahead and increased shareholder value. At the same time, we are investing for growth, recognizing the importance of technology and scale as continued consolidation, convergence and competition characterize the financial services industry.
In an environment of volatile markets and an economic slowdown, we continued to deliver solid financial results for our shareholders. For the year 2001, net income was $473 million, or $0.62 per diluted share. Net income for 2001 includes a $159 million litigation charge associated with the anticipated resolution of certain class action lawsuits and a related regulatory inquiry pending against Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, $330 million of charges related to business realignment initiatives, establishment of a $74 million policyholder liability with respect to certain group annuity contracts at New England Financial, $208 million of losses associated with the September 11th tragedies and net realized investment losses of $433 million, all of which are net of income taxes.
For 2000, net income was $953 million, or $1.21 per share on a pro forma diluted basis. For 2000, net income included a one-time payout to transferred Canadian policyholders of $327 million associated with MetLife’s demutualization, net realized investment losses of $236 million and demutualization expenses of $170 million, all of which were net of income taxes, as well as a net surplus tax benefit of $145 million.
Excluding the items discussed in the preceding paragraphs, the results for 2001 were $1.68 billion, up 9% from $1.54 billion for the prior year. On a per share diluted basis, the 2001 results were $2.19, up 12% from $1.96, on a pro forma basis, for the prior year.
Although some of the actions taken this year have been difficult, they were necessary steps in our transformation as we continue to streamline our organization to speed up decision-making, boost productivity and re-allocate capital for investment in growth opportuni- ties. I am confident that we will deliver on our three-year plan to produce 15% growth in operating earnings per share annually through 2004, and increase our operating return on equity annually by 75 basis points through 2004.
H Building Shareholder Value
We have instilled a rigorous financial management discipline to support our business performance. Expense management remains one of our highest priorities. In the Individual segment, we’ve continued to consolidate sales offices to enhance productivity. We have also moved aggressively to integrate our Customer Response Centers and develop common platforms in such areas as life administra- tion, annuities administration and our broker-dealer operations. Consolidating shared services into ‘‘centers of excellence’’ has enabled our company to better leverage resources and create efficiencies. Other initiatives include a company-wide effort to reduce costs, enhance quality and improve productivity.
We also made the decision last year to lease a significant amount of space at our headquarters to Credit Suisse First Boston. Given the value of New York City real estate, it was a business decision that will benefit our bottom line over the long term. In considering options for affected employees, we consulted a number of managers in each of our businesses. As a result, we leased three new workspaces in the New York City area—in Long Island City, New York; Jersey City, New Jersey and White Plains, New York. Our move to the Long Island City location has been applauded as a major commitment to the borough of Queens and its continued development.
Continuing to streamline management decision-making, we announced in the third quarter of last year the elimination of 10% of officer- and director-level positions. While difficult, these steps were necessary to position us for greater profitability and competitiveness in the years ahead.
H Information Technology
We continued to build our eBusiness platform in 2001 to heighten service quality and operational efficiency. MetLife’s eBusiness applications continued to evolve as we rolled out: MyBenefits, the Institutional segment’s employee portal; MetDental.com, a dental provider portal to help dentists manage administrative functions; MetLife eService, an Individual segment functionality that allows life and annuity clients to view their life insurance policies and annuity contract values and perform select self-service transactions electronically; and the MetLife Auto & Home Agent Resource Site, a Web portal designed to provide agents with the most up-to-date sales and marketing information. In addition, as we gear up for the full-scale launch of MetLife Bank, we are preparing to offer customers the ability to transact business online.
Internally, we are using Web-based technologies for communicating with and providing service to our employees, while at the same time improving the operational efficiency and functionality of internal processes.
  
H Focused Growth
Achieving our goal of being counted among the giant league of financial services companies requires an unwavering, yet targeted, focus on growth opportunities. During 2001, we continued to maximize our franchise with customers and expand our share of the market, which will lead to enhanced shareholder value.
) We formed MetLife Investors Group, consolidating our third-party annuity sales platforms into a single powerhouse, ending the year with nearly $1.8 billion in annuity sales.
) With new licenses to do business through joint ventures in India and China, and new businesses in Brazil and Chile, we’re positioning ourselves for increased opportunities in the global marketplace. Our International segment is key to our vision of 100 million customers by the year 2010.
) As the first insurance company to obtain a federal banking charter, we launched a MetLife Bank pilot program last year, an exciting new venture aimed at fulfilling even more of our customers’ financial services needs. In addition to offering the bank’s products and services to our individual clients, we expect MetLife Bank to play an important role in the Voluntary Benefit platform we offer to group customers.
At the same time we’ve been strategically growing, we’ve been fine-tuning our businesses and making strategic divestitures. During 2001, we sold Conning Corporation and focused our asset management growth strategies on our wholly-owned subsidiary, State Street Research & Management Company. We also made the decision to discontinue our stand-alone 401(k) recordkeeping services for certain clients of the Institutional segment, in order to focus our efforts more intently on the mid- and small-size markets.
H Growing a High-Performance Company
One of our most important achievements has been to foster a work environment for employees which is personally motivating and, at the same time, conducive to outstanding performance and results. During 2001, we continued to embed within MetLife a rigorous performance-driven culture—measuring, rewarding and differentiating performance based on achieving results and challenging objectives.
As our new stock-based compensation plans for key officers are implemented, we will continue to ensure that the interests of our shareholders and employees are aligned. The MetLife Board of Directors approved grants of stock options to management, as part of the company’s long-term compensation program implemented in 2001. Stock options were also granted to other key employees. In April 2002, when the two-year prohibition for officers to own MetLife, Inc. common shares ends, officers will also be able to purchase shares on their own.
To instill a sense of ownership among all our employees, in 2001 the Board of Directors approved a one-time grant of 200 stock options to eligible employees of MetLife and its affiliates, giving them the opportunity to have a personal stake in the company. Our strong performance-based culture, coupled with broad employee ownership, is critical to our success and helps us further channel our energies toward building financial freedom for everyone and growing shareholder value for all owners of the company.
We are also instilling the spirit of diversity into our corporate culture and business strategies. Diversity is among the core initiatives that will help shape our future business performance, customer relationships and investor confidence. Our commitment to diversity is not new—in fact, we are building from a solid foundation of inclusiveness. Since our inception in 1868, we have had a long and enduring history of promoting community outreach and volunteerism. For example, we’ve maintained long-standing partnerships with organizations such as the National Urban League. And, through the MetLife Foundation, we’ve provided grants to communities across the U.S. in the areas of health, education, culture and civic affairs. These efforts promote economic opportunity and build the skills that enable social change.
To establish the platform for the company’s next stage of development and strengthen its commitment to creating an inclusive environment, we established an enterprise-wide Diversity Council for MetLife. The Diversity Council is driving initiatives to increase procurement opportunities for minority- and women-owned businesses, as well as creating innovative ways we can serve new, multicul- tural markets.
H Changes to our Board of Directors
In August 2001, we bid farewell to Ruth Simmons, who provided invaluable counsel to MetLife, and who has taken on a new role as president of Brown University. In December 2001, we had the good fortune to welcome to our Board of Directors Catherine R. Kinney, co-chief operating officer, president and executive vice chairman of the New York Stock Exchange.
H The Year Ahead
Over the course of last year, we met a number of important objectives and seeded a wide range of new initiatives for MetLife’s future growth. Drawing on MetLife’s talented cadre of associates, a customer base second to none, a strong financial posture and a solid heritage spanning more than 130 years, we are well positioned for the future. As I look forward to an exciting 2002, I extend my appreciation to our customers, employees, shareholders and Board of Directors for continued confidence in our company and commit- ment to its success.
Sincerely,
Robert H. Benmosche
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 25, 2002
 