chairman’s letter
To MetLife Shareholders:
MetLife’s corporate vision—to build financial freedom for everyone—guides our response to people’s growing need for first-rate financial products and services through various life stages and economic cycles. Our trusted brand, capital strength, and existing relationships with nine million U.S. households and 70,000 corporations representing 33 million individuals uniquely position MetLife among its competi- tors. We plan to become the recognized leader throughout the world for relationship building, connect- edness and caring in financial services, serving 100 million customers by 2010. We have the talent and resources to succeed in this effort.
The ‘‘everyone’’ in our vision took on added meaning in 2000 as we welcomed an important new constituency: you, our shareholders.
MetLife transformed itself from mutual to stock ownership in April 2000 through a demutualization and initial public offering that was completed just 18 months after Board authorization. The transaction raised $5.2 billion and made MetLife America’s most widely held stock. We are proud to report our annual results for the first time as a public company.
H Operating Earnings Increase 18%
For the year 2000, MetLife’s after-tax operating earnings increased 18%, to $1.54 billion from adjusted operating earnings of $1.31 billion in 1999. Diluted operating earnings per share for 2000 were $1.96, on a pro forma basis. Operating return on equity increased to 10.5% for the year, from adjusted operating return on equity of 9.5% in 1999.
Most lines of business contributed to this strong performance. Operating earnings from Individual Business rose 38%. The continuing integration of GenAmerica Financial, the St. Louis-based insurer acquired by MetLife through a transaction completed in January 2000, was a major contributor to the year’s growth.
Institutional Business maintained its market leadership across product lines; however, revenue increases were partially offset by a planned increase in spending on technology and customer service improvements to support future growth. As a result, the increase in operating earnings was 4%.
MetLife Auto & Home’s operating earnings were down 20% due to higher catastrophe losses and the cost of integrating The St. Paul Companies personal lines property and casualty business. However, The St. Paul Companies’ business contributed to a 27% increase in written premiums, which should bode well for future growth.
International operations showed a 39% improvement in operating earnings, thanks to stronger growth in South Korea and Mexico. With new licenses to do business in Poland and the Philippines, and continuing efforts to enter markets in India and China, we expect steady growth in our International operations over the next several years.
Reinsurance, a new line of business created through MetLife’s 59% ownership in Reinsurance Group of America (NYSE:RGA), part of the GenAmerica acquisition, contributed $72 million in operating earnings.
In our asset management business, we sold the 48% interest we held in Nvest for $858 million, and made Conning Corporation a wholly-owned subsidiary. We acquired a majority interest in Conning through our purchase of GenAmerica Financial and bought the remaining shares outstanding in a tender offer. Going forward, our growth in the asset management field will be focused through Conning, which serves insurance companies and institutions, and through State Street Research & Management Company, another wholly-owned subsidiary, which serves both institutional and individual investors. As a result of the Nvest sale, total assets under management decreased by 19% to $302.2 billion.
H Expense Management Through Consolidation and Integration
The on-going integration of GenAmerica Financial and New England Financial is creating greater efficiencies and economies of scale. Our goal of supporting all our brands from a common platform—including administrative and investment support services, business processes, product development, compliance standards and compensation and benefits packages—is nearly realized.
Expense management remains one of MetLife’s highest priorities. We continued to consolidate sales offices, reducing the total number by 21%, and to raise the bar for office and agent productivity.
H Technology Solutions Improve Service and Efficiency
MetLife invested $395 million in new information technology initiatives in 2000, with 50% of application development resources devoted to re-engineering core business processes and converting and integrating Web-based e-Business and financial systems. Before gaining approval for funding, every non-essential project underwent a rigorous return-on-investment analysis to be sure it met or exceeded a minimum 15% standard.
  
Our Institutional e-Business team successfully developed a series of portals to give employers, employees, providers and selected consultants a combination of on-line information and transaction capabilities designed to make benefits programs more convenient and manageable. In Individual Business, we upgraded and standardized sales office technology and re-engineered a number of administra- tive processes as we developed effective Web-based functionality for both agents and customers. These capabilities, which will continue to be rolled out through 2001 and beyond, will increase the ways people can elect to connect with MetLife and enable our financial services representatives to spend more time on customer relationship building.
H New Paths to Growth
MetLife took great strides last year toward being able to offer customers a more diversified range of financial services. In August, we agreed to acquire Grand Bank, N.A. of Kingston, New Jersey. On February 12, 2001, the Federal Reserve Board approved MetLife’s applications for bank holding company status and financial holding company status along with the acquisition. The Reserve’s approval made us the first insurance company to purchase a bank since the Congressional passage of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which paved the way for banks, insurance companies, investment banks and other financial institutions to operate as affiliate companies under the financial holding company umbrella. MetLife will now be able to offer customers—including those who are beneficiaries of insurance claims—alternatives for managing their money and reaching their goals.
We also plan to pursue supplemental distribution channels for MetLife products—particularly variable annuities—through banks, broker-dealers and financial planners. MetLife Investors Group, a new franchise that unites the strengths of Security First Group, Cova, and the supplemental distribution at New England Financial, was formed in 2000 to establish and extend these relationships.
H Growing a High Performance Company
Our performance management process completed its second year in 2000, clarifying performance expectations and increasing the financial incentives for top performers. By linking compensation with results, we have succeeded in retaining our best people. For the second consecutive year, less than 6% of MetLife’s top performers have left the company, while 37% of low performers are gone. As our new stock-based compensation plan takes effect over the next two years, we will continue to assure that shareholder and employee interests are aligned.
According to the MetLife Employee Survey 2000, 88% of respondents agree with the statement, ‘‘I am willing to exert the extra effort required to help this company succeed in the future.’’ Clearly, MetLife associates are meeting the challenges of our cultural shift to a performance-oriented company.
H Welcome and Thanks
Effective December 19, 2000, former U.S. Senator John C. Danforth was elected as a Director of MetLife, Inc. and its subsidiary, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company. Representing Missouri in the Senate from 1976 to 1995, Senator Danforth served on the Finance, Commerce and Intelligence Committees. Currently a partner at Bryan Cave LLP, a St. Louis law firm, Senator Danforth fills the Board vacancies created by the retirement of Robert G. Schwartz, who served as Chairman, President and CEO of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company from 1989 to 1993. We extend our sincere gratitude and best wishes to Mr. Schwartz and a warm welcome to Senator Danforth.
H Visit www.metlife.com
Rather than producing and delivering a glossy and expensive Annual Report to our very large shareholder base, we have deliberately streamlined this publication to manage its cost on your behalf. We invite you to visit our Web site at www.metlife.com for the most current information on the company’s products, services and results.
Building on our strong start, MetLife intends to deliver value and world class service to all those who entrust their money with us. Notwithstanding our revised 2001 earnings guidance announced on March 13, our primary measurements of shareholder success will be continued 15% annual growth in operating earnings each year through 2002, and an 11.5% return on equity by 2002. Stay with us for what promises to be an exciting and profitable time ahead.
Sincerely,
Robert H. Benmosche
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 16, 2001
   