1 MoneyGram 2005 Annual Report
 Our Purpose:
To help people and businesses by providing affordable, reliable, and convenient payment services
Our Corporate Values:
Respect, Courage, Passion, Integrity, Teamwork
A Letter from the CEO
To Our Shareholders:
I am very pleased to report another robust year for MoneyGram International. Our income from continuing operations was $112 million on total revenues of $971 million for the year. Our money transfer business continued its strong growth trajectory in 2005, delivering more than 38 percent growth in volume and more than 28 percent growth in revenue, leading what was a strong year for all of our businesses. We also continued to deploy technology to give customers more choices and more access points for sending and receiving money via the MoneyGram payment platform. The company’s great performance in 2005 had a significant impact on the price of our stock, rewarding our shareholders with an annual total return of more than 23 percent, which was nearly 19 percentage points above the total return for the S&P 500.
This degree of success would not have been possible without dedicated employees and a strong management team who truly believe in our company’s core purpose: to help people and businesses by providing affordable, reliable and convenient payment services. They understand the critical role we play in connecting families and delivering hard-earned funds around the world for food, housing, education and other basic needs.
While our purpose shapes our direction, it’s our corporate values that guide us every day and shape our organization. Whether working with each other or helping a customer, each employee is expected to demonstrate our values of respect, courage, passion, integrity and teamwork.
These values also are reflected in our corporate commitment to give back to the communities where we do business. In 2005, we joined with Habitat for Humanity International to build 27 affordable homes around the globe. And following the disasters that shook our world last year, we opened the MoneyGram network to help raise funds for Red Cross relief.
Looking back over 2005, I’d like to highlight just a few significant achievements of MoneyGram and this dedicated team:
• Grew our money transfer volume more than 38 percent for the
year, wrapping up 2005 with our 18th consecutive quarter above
25 percent growth.
• Grew our money transfer agent network 16 percent to 89,000.
• Built strong brand awareness through integrated media campaigns,
consistent signage and street-savvy marketing around the globe.
• Rolled out corridor pricing in more markets, adopted a simplified
 Phil Milne
President and CEO
pricing structure in the U.S. and expanded the number of local currencies

MoneyGram 2005 Annual Report 2
  for paying out transactions. All of these steps drive savings and more
value for consumers.
• Poured additional resources into strengthening both our compliance and
security programs, both in staffing and in systems automation.
• Acquired ACH Commerce, gaining new technology for advancing our bill
payment and money transfer businesses, as well as additional outsourcing
services to financial institutions.
• Repurchased nearly 2.3 million shares of our stock with the
strong cash flow generated from our businesses.
• Successfully completed the requirements of Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
The successes of 2005 have set the stage for what promises to be a year of opportunity in 2006. While we are still very excited about our traditional cash-to-cash business, MoneyGram is now strategically positioned to leverage our processing platforms to deliver more options to our consumers and business partners. The MoneyGram prepaid card, eMoney Transfer Internet service and enhanced bill payment services are just a few of our services geared to the future. Utilizing our technology, processes and products, our goal is to make MoneyGram the preferred choice for affordable, reliable and convenient payment services for generations to come. With this focus, we believe we will deliver to our shareholders on our long-term goals of double-digit revenue and earnings growth and return on equity of 16-20%.
Thank you to everyone who helped us accomplish so much in 2005. I particularly wish to thank our board of directors for their invaluable support and counsel in our first full year as an independent and publicly traded company.
As we look forward to 2006 and beyond, guided by our values, we
will continue to be driven by our focus to provide affordable, reliable and convenient payment services. I look forward to your continued support.
Sincerely,
Philip W. Milne
Chief Executive Officer
MoneyGram Habitat home builds
 Denver, Colorado
 Romania
 