  ..putting great ideas into
Dear Shareholders,
At MGM MIRAGE, by our definition, Vision is putting great ideas into action.
That philosophy has been at the heart of our strategic plan for developing your Company into a global hospitality and real estate devel- opment company. In 2007, we made striking progress toward this goal.
MGM MIRAGE is ideally positioned to excel domestically and internationally. We possess the premier resorts in our markets, each with a focused management team, and we continue moving forward on substantial growth initiatives.
With those strong elements in place, we have a Vision of expanding the current limits of your Company—both in scope and scale.
VISION IS 02 MGM MIRAGE
(RIGHT) CityCenter—Las Vegas, NV
2007 AR
.

        actio
                     n

 ...stirring emotion

  letter to our shareholders (continued)
On October 2, the new MGM Grand Detroit resort opened its doors, immediately becoming the premier hotel and entertainment destina- tion in the Midwest, delivering unrivaled rooms and suites, celebrity chef restaurants, the only resort-style spa in southeast Michigan and unmatched meeting and convention facilities. MGM Grand Detroit added 1,000 jobs to the company’s existing Michigan employee base, making it one of the area’s top employers.
 (LEFT) Cirque du Soleil—Love—The Mirage, Las Vegas, NV
VISION IS
MGM MIRAGE 05
2007 AR

  letter to our shareholders (continued)
On December 18, along with our partner Pansy Ho, your Company opened the stunning MGM Grand Macau, establishing a strong pres- ence in the fastest-growing gaming market in the world.
We have plans to leverage the international appeal of the MGM Grand brand even further. Building on the well-deserved reputation born in Las Vegas and extended to Detroit, Macau and soon Atlantic City, we’ve announced our Vision for a non-gaming, MGM Grand branded resort development in Abu Dhabi, U.A.E..
With our partner Mubadala Development Company, a strategic investment and develop- ment firm wholly-owned by the government of Abu Dhabi, U.A.E., your Company will manage the development and operations of a $3 billion non-gaming, mixed-use resort in Abu Dhabi, U.A.E.. The initial phase of this project will include an MGM Grand hotel and two additional MGM branded luxury hotels, a major entertainment facility, high-end retail shops, and world-class dining and convention facilities.
   VISION IS 06 MGM MIRAGE
(RIGHT & ABOVE) MGM Grand Macau—Macau, S.A.R.
2007 AR

 around theglobe

  letter to our shareholders (continued)
This project represents only the first step of a Vision to leverage your Company’s plentiful brand and management assets to create new business opportunities. This partnership does not require any capital outlay by us, instead relying on our significant experience in the operation of high-end luxury hotels and the recognition and reputation of our brands. Revenues will be generated through fees for managing the devel- opment and ongoing operations.
This represents only one of the international interests MGM MIRAGE is pursuing in this fasci- nating and rapidly growing part of the world.
Our discussions for developments in the People’s Republic of China are ongoing. With our partner, the internationally renowned Diaoyutai State Guest House, we are moving forward with projects in major Chinese cities, including Beijing.
 VISION IS 08 MGM MIRAGE
2007 AR
(ABOVE) Dubai, U.A.E. cityscape (RIGHT) MGM Grand Abu Dhabi—Abu Dhabi, U.A.E.

 
 ...having the
dedication

  These concrete representations of our Vision only serve to further our passion to extend our efforts. In 2007, your Company also announced plans for MGM Grand Atlantic City, a $4.5-$5.0 billion destination casino resort, to be located on our 72-acre parcel in the city’s Marina District. The project’s stunning architecture and ambi- tious scale will serve to demonstrate the skills and expertise of your Company and, in doing so, will help to elevate Atlantic City to a completely new stature. What our joint venture with Boyd Gaming did at Borgata was only the beginning. MGM Grand Atlantic City is designed to create the momentum necessary to attract the atten- tion of millions of East Coast customers and awaken them to the new reality of the nation’s second-largest gaming market as a place where luxury, fine dining and entertainment can be found both near-by and in abundance.
Not all 2007 activity took place away from our traditional Las Vegas base. In June, your Company formed an exciting new relationship in the form of a joint venture with Kerzner Inter- national, one of the world’s most recognized and experienced international resort devel- opers. Together, our companies announced plans to develop a multi-billion dollar integrated Las Vegas resort property on approximately 40 of the 78 acres of land owned by MGM MIRAGE on the corner of Las Vegas Boulevard and Sahara Avenue. Planning and conceptual- ization of this project will draw upon both our substantial presence and experience in Las Vegas, as well as Kerzner’s expertise in plan- ning, conceptualizing and operating some of the world’s most recognized and successful destination resorts.
This joint venture represents a confluence of forces that will surely combine to create a resort that will be unrivaled by anything in the industry.
to develop the extraordinary
(LEFT) MGM Grand Atlantic City—Atlantic City, NJ
VISION IS
MGM MIRAGE 11
2007 AR
letter to our shareholders (continued)

  letter to our shareholders (continued)
...working as one
MGM MIRAGE strives to fulfill what the Company considers to be its obligation to the communities in which we do business. This commitment is expressed in many ways, from the philosophy by which we approach our busi- ness, to the quality of the wages and benefits we offer employees, and the philanthropic efforts we support. Our Company endeavors to enrich the communities where many of our customers and employees live and raise their families.
One of our most significant steps in this area was the announcement of a $40 million public art program which will debut as part of City- Center in 2009. This unprecedented cultural program utilizes this singular opportunity to integrate such a program into the develop- ment of a new community. It also matches CityCenter in its scale. But at its most basic level, this public arts program is designed to become a benchmark for enlightened corpo- rate involvement with the arts on a global level and will be one of the world’s largest and most ambitious corporate art programs.
MGM MIRAGE continues to develop and expand our commitment to sustainability which brings tremendous value to communities and shareholders alike. As we extend sustainable business practices, both to existing properties and new projects, our Company learns how to work smarter and more efficiently. CityCenter leads the way, as a nationally renowned sustain- able development on course for certification under Leadership in Energy and Environ- mental Design (LEED) standards. Efforts are also being investigated and implemented in many other aspects of our many operations— from procurement to waste management, from construction to renovation—the principles of sustainability help our business grow and our planet thrive.
  VISION IS 12 MGM MIRAGE
2007 AR
(ABOVE LEFT) TONY CRAGG, Bolt, 2007, Stainless steel, 129-7/8 x 45-5/8 x 45-1/4 in., 330 x 116 x 115 cm, Inv.#11239 Courtesy: Marian Goodman Gallery, New York
(ABOVE RIGHT) CLAES OLDENBURG and COOSJE van BRUGGEN Typewriter Eraser, Scale X, 1998-99, Stainless steel, fiberglass and acrylic polyurethane paint, 19’ 4” x 11’ 11-1/2” x 11’ 8-1/4” (5.9 x 3.7 x 3.6 m) Photograph © Ellen Page Wilson, courtesy PaceWildenstein, New York. Copyright 1998-99 © by Claes Oldenburg and Coosje van Bruggen.
(RIGHT) HENRY MOORE,—Reclining Connected Forms, 1969-1974,—Roman travertine marble 122 x 204 x 93.5 inches (309.9 x 518.2 x 237.5 cm)

 to enrichlives

 ...creating
opportunities

  MGM MIRAGE was honored to be recognized this year by two of the nation’s most prestigious business publications. For the seventh consec- utive year, Fortune Magazine named MGM MIRAGE one of “America’s Most Admired Compa- nies.” The Company ranks first in the industry in several attributes, including innovation, quality of management and quality of products/services. Fortune’s “Most Admired” is the definitive report card on corporate reputations.
Forbes Magazine named MGM MIRAGE one of the “Best Managed Companies in America,” as part of its annual Forbes Platinum 400 list of top-performing large corporations.
for people to grow
MGM MIRAGE also received accolades for leadership and commitment in the area of Diversity. The Company was honored by Diver- sity Best Practices with the “2007 CEO Diversity Leadership Award.” Additionally, DiversityBusi- ness.com, the nation’s primary resource portal for small businesses and large organizational buyers, recognized MGM MIRAGE as one of the nation’s leading companies for multicul- tural businesses.
Our Company also prides itself as a leader in social responsibility, not only through monetary support of worthy agencies in our communities, but also through multi-dimen- sional efforts, such as our partnership with the Culley Empowerment Elementary School in Clark County. Beyond a $50,000 annual cash donation from MGM MIRAGE, company employees also donated their time to volun- teer at important school events. Access to company resources were provided to further curriculum programs and works to engage other community partners to support school programs. Examples include offering students tours of the Bellagio Conservatory to supple- ment biology studies and engaging Nevada Ballet Theater or Big Brothers Big Sisters to support appropriate programs. Results of these efforts are indisputable. Reading and math proficiency scores at Culley Elementary have jumped more than 20% in just one year.
letter to our shareholders (continued)
  VISION IS
MGM MIRAGE 15
2007 AR

 ...delivering on a
promise
 J. Terrence Lanni Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

  Our Vision has also brought us to new opportunities in securing our financial position in the industry, creating what your Management Team considers a situation far more advanta- geous than many of our chief competitors.
On November 15, your Company closed a joint venture transaction with Dubai World, selling a 50% interest in CityCenter to this new partner. Dubai World is one of the most respected and well-known investment holding companies in the world with a portfolio of busi- nesses that includes DP World, Jafza, Nakheel, Dubai Drydocks, Maritime City, Istithmar, Kerzner, One & Only, Atlantis, Barney’s, Island Global Yachting, Limitless, Inchcape Shipping Services, Tejari, Technopark and Tamweel. The Dubai World Group has more than 50,000 employees in over 100 cities around the globe.
Your Company also completed the sale of 14.2 million shares of common stock at $84 per share to a subsidiary of Dubai World on
October 18, 2007. This produced proceeds of approximately $1.2 billion.
This may well represent the single most significant transaction in your Company’s history.
As this strategic relationship was negotiated, many of our direct competitors in the industry were incurring significant debt in the process of “going private.” Your Company’s Vision provides it with a far lighter debt load, giving us the advan- tage of financial flexibility, the ability to further our own strategies and, ultimately, providing us with the capacity to both pursue and create the Vision we have for ourselves.
However, looking beyond the balance sheet and the bottom line, we have forged a new partnership in 2007 that will significantly impact the future of your Company for some time. We look forward to a productive relation- ship with Dubai World as a major stockholder and joint venture partner.
And even while closing on the most historic transaction in our Company’s history—the City- Center joint venture and strategic relationship with Dubai World—our dedicated employees delivered exceptional operating results. It has been nothing short of a tremendous year.
Vision—the power of anticipating that which will or may come to be. It is a fitting label for 2007 and a laudable goal for us to pursue into the future.
letter to our shareholders (continued)
Sincerely,
J. TERRENCE LANNI
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
 VISION IS
MGM MIRAGE 17
2007 AR
