1

Dear Shareholder:
Transformation and change are essential elements of the ongoing growth story of our Company, and 2013 was no exception.
Last year, we completed the execution of the Growth and Value Plan, which was conceived in 2010, when the Board of Directors and management developed the Plan to create two powerful new companies ­ McGraw Hill Financial and McGraw-Hill Education. Our performance surpassed all expectations; we now have considerably higher adjusted operating margins and we produced a total shareholder return of 140% from 2011 through 2013 versus 57% for the S&P 500 over the same period. But, whereas transformation and change are a constant that will always be with us, it is also important to recognize that there are elements that never change ­ the heart and soul of this Company are the talented people who show up every day and care deeply about helping others to make a difference in our markets and in our fast-growing world. They are the reason for our success. During 2013, we also continued to develop and strengthen our management team. Two vital appointments were made and approved by the Board. First, Doug Peterson became President and CEO on November 1st, completing a seamless transition from my roles and responsibilities. Doug joined the Company in 2011 as President of Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, coming to us with a deep background in global financial markets, operations and risk management. He came to us with 26 years of experience at Citigroup, where he most recently served as Chief Operating Officer of Citibank, N.A., Citigroup's principal banking entity that operates in more than 100 countries. Doug's growth orientation, customer and shareholder engagement, and high level of integrity are well suited to lead our Company into what is a very exciting future. Replacing Doug at Standard & Poor's Ratings Services is Neeraj Sahai, who comes to us after 30 years with Citi, most recently as head of the Securities and Fund Services business. Please welcome Doug and Neeraj into their new roles; we wish them both much success. The outlook for the Company is extremely bright. There are many reasons to be positive about the future. The economic expansion in the U.S. looks set to step up a notch; the troubled euro area has stabilized and is growing again, albeit from a depressed base; reflationary policies in Japan show signs of gaining traction; and China has successfully navigated a soft landing from unsustainably high growth rates. S&P expects global GDP to grow 3.7% this year versus 3.0% in 2013. If policy makers can avoid the risks in ending quantitative easing and resolving U.S. fiscal policy, and if there are no further euro zone crises or a sharp growth pullback in China, I would expect the global economy to continue to pick up and the business community's confidence to improve. And while macroeconomic conditions gradually improve, the growth trends in McGraw Hill Financial's markets are especially strong. Local bond markets in China, Colombia, Poland and Turkey are emerging to help fuel growth and economic development in those markets. Increasing investor sophistication and financial market complexity are requiring new data sets and analytics. And the recovery of global capital flows continues, although they are still below levels seen before the financial crisis. We sit right in the heart of all these changes, which should create many new growth opportunities for our shareholders, customers and employees. We have a first-class Board of Directors whose guidance is essential to our ongoing success. One of the special Directors of this Company, Pedro Aspe, retired from the Board last year. Pedro, the Co-Chairman of Evercore Partners and the former Finance Minister of Mexico, served with distinction and always provided management with sound judgment and advice. In addition, Linda Lorimer will retire after 20 years of outstanding service to the Company. Linda is one of those truly exceptional Directors who can consistently be relied on for fresh insights, excellent judgment and incisive questions. Linda is Vice President, Global and Strategic Initiatives at Yale University and was a terrific Presiding Director of our Company from 2004 to 2009. We are so grateful for the contributions of these two extraordinary Directors. I also want to acknowledge the service of Don Johnston, who passed away earlier this year. Don was a wonderful member of the Board from 1986 to 1996.
Harold McGraw III Chairman of the Board

Harold McGraw III Chairman of the Board

140 57
% 
McGraw Hill  Financial S&P 500

Total shareholder return 2011-13

%

Our sincere condolences go to his family and many friends. As I look back at 2013 and all the growth and shareholder value we achieved, and at the way we helped our customers and served the markets, I feel a tremendous sense of pride about the people of McGraw Hill Financial and everything we stand for. With a talented team and the increasing alignment of our powerful brands, I am as optimistic as ever about the future. Thank you for your continuing support. Sincerely,

McGraw Hill Financial 2013 Annual Report

