Harold McGraw III, Chairman, President and CEO

We have achieved a long-term record of superior performance and enjoy outstanding prospects for future growth.
To Our Shareholders:
It's a world that is smaller, more open, more accessible and more dynamic -- as well as more complex and competitive. It's a world in which economies, societies and markets are increasingly linked, learning and knowledge are vital, and reliable, trusted information is essential. It's the world we live and work in today. And for our customers, our employees and our shareholders, it truly is a world of opportunity. The insight, analysis and solutions we provide open a world of opportunity for countries, markets, businesses, institutions and people around the globe by helping to meet three critical needs which drive global progress and economic growth: the need for capital, the need for knowledge and the need for information transparency. The strengths of our markets and leading brands, coupled with the talent and commitment of our people, are driving a world of opportunity for The McGraw-Hill Companies. As a result, we have achieved a long-term record of superior performance and enjoy strong prospects for future growth. Simply stated, our success is based on an effective approach that emphasizes continuous growth, exceptional talent and world-class execution. World-Class Performance Our solid financial performance in 2005 underscores our ability to capture market opportunities and create lasting value for our shareholders. During 2005: · Revenue increased 14.3% to a record $6 billion; · Net income increased 11.7% to $844.3 million; · Diluted earnings per share rose 12.8%; · Total return to shareholders increased 14.4%, compared with 4.9% for the S&P 500; · We returned more than $924 million to shareholders through share repurchases and cash dividend payments; · Our Board approved a two-for-one stock split -- our third since 1996. As part of our commitment to maximizing shareholder value, in January 2006 we announced a 10% increase in the regular quarterly cash dividend on the Corporation's common stock. The new annual dividend of $0.726 per share represents a compound annual growth rate of 10.3% since 1974, and marks our 33rd consecutive annual dividend increase. In addition, we also announced plans to repurchase up to 45 million -- or approximately 12.1% -- of the Corporation's outstanding shares. During 2006, we expect to repurchase up to 15 million shares as part of this new program, subject to market conditions, and to also acquire 3.4 million shares remaining under our previous buyback plan. The combination of earnings growth, dividends and share repurchases has enabled us to continue generating increased value for our investors. The Corporation's total return to shareholders nearly tripled that of the S&P 500 in 2005. In fact, our shares have outperformed the S&P 500 over the past one-, three-, five-, seven- and 10-year periods.

THE MCGRAW-HILL COMPANIES AR 2005

03

In his efforts to advance The McGraw-Hill Companies' global business interests, Harold McGraw III travels extensively, meeting with key business and political leaders, customers and employees. He is featured here with: 1 India's president A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, touring Rashtrapati Bhavan ­ the presidential estate; 2 addressing the Trans-Tasman Business Circle during a trip to Sydney, Australia; 3 visiting students and faculty at the Ping He Private Bilingual School in Shanghai, China; and 4 meeting with Capital IQ employees in Hyderabad, India. 1

Underlying our consistent performance is our clear strategy for growth. This strategy includes aligning our businesses with large and growing markets and market needs and sharply focusing our resources on capturing high-potential opportunities. International markets offer us considerable potential for growth. Consider India: from the seeds we planted there 35 years ago in establishing an education joint venture, India is now home to our second-largest employee population. Our operations there span the range of businesses, from McGraw-Hill Education to BusinessWeek to Standard & Poor's, which in 2005 purchased a majority interest in CRISIL Limited, India's leading provider of credit ratings, financial news and policy advisory services. Another important component of our growth strategy is our focus on leveraging capabilities across the Corporation. Technology is a focal point -- it enables us to broaden and deepen our customer base, develop new offerings, lower costs and add value by further embedding our products and services into our customers' worlds. As we expand globally we also see significant opportunities across the Corporation to improve efficiencies and increase our operating margins. We have launched a new global resource management program to help generate substantial savings by creating shared business support platforms that will increase the pace of product development, improve quality and enhance back-office servicing operations. Targeted acquisitions that strengthen our core businesses are another way we seek to execute our growth strategy. During 2005, we strengthened our business information platform through the acquisition of J.D. Power and Associates, a leader in providing insight about customer satisfaction, product quality and buyer behavior. We also continued to divest lower-growth businesses to better focus our resources. A World of Growth For McGraw-Hill Financial Services, Standard & Poor's success in broadening its geographic presence and expanding its ratings of asset classes and financial instruments underlie its continued strong performance and excellent prospects. 2006 is expected to be another year of strong growth.

The structured finance market, particularly collateralized debt obligations, is expected to increase in size and complexity, driving growth in international ratings. We also expect growth in products and services not tied to new bond issuance, such as Bank Loan Ratings, Ratings Evaluation Services, Advanced Analytics, Corporate Credit Ratings and Credit Assessments. Standard & Poor's continues to create new opportunities by integrating and embedding our financial data and information into customers' workflow. During 2005, we strengthened Standard & Poor's Capital IQ online platform by adding S&P Compustat information (our global database of financial, statistical and market data), as well as fixed income data, including credit ratings information. We also continue to provide investors with new offerings based on our trusted benchmark indices. For example, at year end there were 50 exchange-traded funds based on Standard & Poor's indices in the U.S., Canada, Europe and Australia, with a combined $135 billion in assets under management. As the world's leading provider of independent equity research, Standard & Poor's also continues to win business resulting from the Global Research Settlement and from non-settlement firms.

The potential we see for our continued growth and success makes me very optimistic about our future.
A World of Knowledge McGraw-Hill Education will continue to benefit from growing recognition that education is the key to sustainable economic progress. 2005 was an outstanding year for our elementary and secondary school business, where we grew faster than the overall market, thanks to the strength and breadth of our offerings. An expected decline in state spending will make 2006 a more challenging year, but we are making important investments in new products in preparation for ver y robust elementar y and high school market opportunities in 2007 through the end of the decade.

04

2

3

4

The U.S. government's No Child Left Behind Act continues to have a major impact on the education market, with annual state testing in reading and math now mandatory in grades three through eight. Bringing the nation's children up-to-speed in these core subjects is a priority, as is assisting students who perform below grade level. To capture available opportunities today, and prepare for those arising tomorrow, we are creating important new math, reading and intervention products. Our higher education and professional publishing businesses face solid prospects in the years ahead, thanks to the ongoing development of global economies and the increasing need for skilled and educated workers. Our success in combining technology with content to create new products that respond to market needs should enable us to grow faster than the overall market in 2006. A World of Information For McGraw-Hill Information & Media, key priorities include strengthening online capabilities and increasing the sale of higher value information products -- which now represent more than half of this segment's revenue. To better leverage its brand and resources, BusinessWeek is now publishing a single global print edition of the magazine, creating customized online editions for Europe and Asia and developing local-language editions in key markets. The new focus includes developing a crosschannel orientation for news coverage in order to better serve Businessweek's global audience of print readers, Web users and television viewers. J.D. Power and Associates is pursuing exciting growth opportunities, such as expanding in the global automotive market, as well as into the construction, aviation and financial services markets in the U.S. and abroad. The business world's increased focus on customer satisfaction and retention plays to J.D. Power and Associates' strength. Additionally, McGraw-Hill Construction is taking a major step forward by integrating Sweets' building products database into our online McGraw-Hill Construction Network to more effectively connect people, products and projects. Volatility in the world's energy markets continues to drive demand for Platts' news and price transparency services, and our Broadcasting Group is focused on further strengthening the local market positions of its television stations.

A World of New Possibilities The world of opportunity we are helping to create continues to open new possibilities for The McGraw-Hill Companies. The potential we see for our continued growth and success makes me very optimistic about our future. We are strongly positioned within our markets, with leading brands, a global scope and scale, significant resources and a talented and energetic team of more than 19,000 men and women. I would like to thank our employees around the world for their continuing commitment to achieving our vision. I also deeply appreciate the ongoing contributions and guidance of our Board of Directors, who play an important role in the success of our strategy. Most importantly, our information, insight and analysis are valued worldwide and contribute to the progress of the individuals, markets and societies we serve. Thanks to our effective strategy and focused approach, we continue to open a world of opportunity every day -- for the benefit of our shareholders, customers and employees. Thank you for your continuing support. Sincerely,

Harold McGraw III February 24, 2006

THE MCGRAW-HILL COMPANIES AR 2005

05

