Dear Fellow Shareholders:
EVOLVING. GROWING.

ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS, I THANK YOU FOR YOUR INTEREST AND SUPPORT OF McGRAW HILL FINANCIAL. I WILL SOON COMPLETE MY FIRST YEAR AS NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN AND I FEEL PRIVILEGED TO HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO SERVE THE COMPANY IN THIS ROLE. Our Company has undergone profound, positive change in recent years. The management team has dramatically sharpened the Company's strategic focus and invested in fast-growing, high-margin businesses serving the global capital and commodities markets. The evolution of McGraw Hill Financial continued in 2015. Doug and his team made excellent progress strengthening the portfolio of businesses--including the decision to evaluate strategic alternatives for J.D. Power--putting significant legal matters behind the Company and reshaping the senior leadership team. The exciting transformation of McGraw Hill Financial is ongoing. The team has proposed rebranding the Company S&P Global* to better reflect our core businesses and capitalize on one of the most recognizable brands in financial markets. The Board unanimously endorses this move and we ask shareholders to support the name change at our Annual Meeting on April 27. I encourage you to read Doug's letter in which he explains why the Company is moving in this direction. In the midst of all of this change, McGraw Hill Financial continues to produce excellent financial results and create value for shareholders. As a former investment manager, I value the return of capital to shareholders. In this regard, McGraw Hill Financial has a strong record. Last year, the Company returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Since the start of 2011, McGraw Hill Financial has returned more than $6 billion in the form of dividends and share buybacks. Additionally, the Company's total shareholder return of 12.3% significantly outperformed the 1.4% gain in the S&P 500 in 2015. To demonstrate the Company's ongoing commitment to maximizing shareowner value, the Board approved in January a 9% increase in the quarterly cash dividend to an annualized rate of $1.44. The Board takes its fiduciary responsibilities seriously and holds management to a very high standard. I am pleased that Doug has taken a hands-on approach to enhancing the Company's already strong risk management and compliance culture as he aligns relevant functions across the enterprise and within each business. Our Company is entering a new era with a fresh but well-known and trusted brand identity. It is well positioned to continue to provide strong shareholder returns. And I know that Doug and the leadership team are energized to drive profitable growth with an eye on managing and mitigating risk. I look to the future with great optimism. Sincerely,

CHARLES E. "ED" HALDEMAN, JR.
Chairman of the Board

*The name S&P Global is subject to shareholders' approval.

Mc GRAW HILL FINANCIAL 2015 ANNUAL REPORT 1

Letter from the President and Chief Executive Officer:

Mc GRAW HILL FINANCIAL PRODUCED ANOTHER YEAR OF STRONG GROWTH AND PERFORMANCE IN 2015 IN THE FACE OF DRAMATIC VOLATILITY IN THE FIXED-INCOME AND EQUITY MARKETS. LAST YEAR, REVENUE INCREASED 5%, ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT WAS UP 13%, ADJUSTED DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE GREW 17% AND WE GENERATED MORE THAN $1.2 BILLION IN FREE CASH FLOW, EXCLUDING LEGAL AND REGULATORY SETTLEMENTS AND INSURANCE RECOVERIES. Steady growth has been a hallmark for us. In fact, over the last five years our Company has generated doubledigit compound annual growth rates (CAGR) in adjusted operating profit and adjusted EPS while increasing revenue at a CAGR of 9%. I extend my gratitude to our employees for their dedication to achieve these results and for their ongoing commitment to operating with integrity in everything they do. I am proud of our recent performance. This letter affords me the opportunity to summarize our progress. But I also want to tell you about our long-term future. As we look ahead to the rest of this year and beyond, we are even more excited by what's in store. We are guided by a growth and performance plan built on a focused set of strategic initiatives. One of the pillars of our plan is to take the next step in the evolution of this Company by changing its name. A key strength of our busi ness stems from trusted, iconic brands. Markets all around the globe depend on the credit ratings, research, data and deep analytics behind the name Standard & Poor's (S&P). Although we have a diverse portfolio of businesses, they are all united around a central thread: we provide the intelligence that is essential to how participants of the capital and commodity markets make decisions with confidence. Every decision is only as good as the intelligence used to make it. As we grow into the future, it will be by finding ways to strengthen and enrich this essential intelligence. The S&P franchise has built enormous brand equity through more than 150 years in business. To harness this power, we announced in February that we are proposing to change the Company's name to S&P Global*. The S&P name leverages the rich heritage of Standard & Poor's and Global communicates our wide geographic footprint, the broad range of industries we cover and the full suite of services we have to offer. Over the years the S&P name has stood for transparency and trusted financial information, which enables our clients to make informed business choices. This remains the core of our business.

RETURNED TO SHAREHOLDERS IN 2015

$1.3B

THE BRAND OF OUR FUTURE

THE COMPANY ANNOUNCED IN FEBRUARY 2016 IT HAS PROPOSED CHANGING ITS NAME, PENDING SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL

S&P GLOBAL

* T he name S&P Global is subject to shareholders' approval. 2Mc GRAW HILL FINANCIAL 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

EVOLVING. GROWING.

Simply put, S&P Global is the brand of our future. This brand connects our employees, unifies them around a common mission of providing essential intelligence, aligns with our long-term business strategy and offers a familiar master brand to the marketplace. The enthusiasm we share with our Board for our new name is matched by the many significant opportunities we see ahead to drive more growth and higher levels of performance.
ADDING COMPLEMENTARY CAPABILITIES

We are constantly on the lookout for new opportunities to diversify and expand Platts' coverage. Last year we added Petromedia, a specialist provider of news, daily prices and analysis for the global shipping and oil industries. This purchase helps extend Platts' coverage beyond traditional marine fuels and market fundamentals, and offers clients the ability to help manage counterparty risk and monitor marine fuel quality.
ORGANIC GROWTH

INCREASE IN 2016 ANNUAL CASH DIVIDEND

+9%

For starters, we have been investing in our future growth by adding complementary capabilities to the Company. As you know, in 2015, we acquired SNL Financial LC, a standout data and analytics business with excellent leadership. Since closing the transaction in the fall we have made great progress integrating this business. SNL is a "must have" product for countless global customers and we believe we can unlock tremendous revenue opportunities and cost synergies. The combination of the two companies, now called S&P Global Market Intelligence, should enable us to generate approximately $100 million of EBITDA synergies by 2019.

Our growth is not dependent solely on transactions. Our first priority when determining how to allocate capital is to invest in organic growth. On this front, we are increasing the breadth and depth of our product offerings. Last year we launched the market's first-ever index that tracks the debt of the companies in the S&P 500. We've received a tremendous response from the marketplace with the index to be used as the basis for several soon to be launched exchange traded funds (ETFs). In addition, we created China Oil Analytics. This uniquely comprehensive analytical product enables clients to consider the myriad factors affecting China's oil balance. Combining Platts' local and global market analysis with news, data and an intuitive analytical tool, this new offering helps traders, producers and analysts make the decisions they need to do their jobs.

~$100M
OF POTENTIAL SYNERGIES BY COMBINING S&P CAPITAL IQ AND SNL FINANCIAL BY 2019

Mc GRAW HILL FINANCIAL 2015 ANNUAL REPORT 3

EVALUATING STRATEGIC ALTERNATIVES

While adding to our capabilities has been a priority, so too has been an effort to become a more focused and highly interrelated global portfolio of businesses. To this end we initiated an active program to sell J.D. Power and we have received considerable interest from third parties. J.D. Power is a phenomenal brand with sales projected to approach $350 million.
INVESTING IN PEOPLE

business focused on monetizing research, data, methodologies and solutions.
·M  ike Chinn who we quickly decided

should serve as President of S&P Global Market Intelligence, the new name for the combined S&P Capital IQ and SNL franchise, after he did an excellent job running SNL.
·J  ohn Berisford, who is a trusted part-

MHFI REVENUE CAGR 2011­2015

+9%

As a business that relies on the intellectual capital of its people, we are continually investing in our employees. This year we are devoting more resources to onboarding, training and development programs. We have excellent leaders throughout the organization. In 2015, we appointed a number of people to new positions on the Executive Committee, including:
·A  shu Suyash who joined us as the CEO

ner, is now the President of S&P Ratings Services. John is doing an outstanding job in aligning the organization to focus on quality analytics within an environment that promotes a culture of risk and compliance consciousness.
·F  rance Gingras who was promoted to

Executive Vice President, Human Resources after leading our total rewards program.
·I mogen Dillon Hatcher who has taken

ADJUSTED FREE CASH FLOW IN 2015*

$1.2B

of CRISIL, India's leading credit ratings agency and a global analytics firm. Ashu previously was CEO of L&T Invest ment Management Ltd. and has worked for Fidelity and Citigroup in India.
·M  artina Cheung who was leading

on the role of leading Platts after a successful term as President of S&P Capital IQ. I commend Imogen and her team for managing Platts through volatile market conditions.
·D  avid Goldenberg who is our acting

corporate strategy is now heading Global Risk Services, a response to clients' continuing need for credit solutions from S&P. This is a new team that brings together this Company's formidable assets into a single

General Counsel. He previously was Chief Legal Officer for S&P Capital IQ.
·A  nd Courtney Geduldig who has taken

on the broader responsibility of leading our public affairs organization after successfully running our government affairs and public policy team.
* E xcluding after-tax payments associated with legal and regulatory settlements and insurance recoveries

4Mc GRAW HILL FINANCIAL 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

EVOLVING. GROWING.

They all are doing great work, and I am grateful for all of the contributions from the entire team both at the office and in their communities.
MANAGING FOR THE FUTURE

Initiative on Long-Term Investing, Infra structure and Development, I support more public-private collaboration as a key to advancing this important issue. Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) criteria are also receiving increasing attention from long-term investors. By balancing good corporate governance, environmental risk and strategic corporate citizenship all companies can derive sustainable long-term benefit without sacrificing corporate performance in the short term. In terms of our own Company, there are three points to make: First, ESG performance is critical to how we operate. We have an enduring commitment to minimizing our environmental impact, enhancing the diversity of our workforce and a particular focus on facilitating access to capital for female entrepreneurs. Second, I want to emphasize that we are committed to a balanced decisionmaking process that is driven by longterm, sustainable objectives and financial quality through measurable nearterm performance. Third, the essential intelligence we provide our clients and the capital markets is at the very heart of the balanced decision-making necessary to support the needs of long-term investors. For example, in early 2016, we launched the S&P Long-Term Value Creation Global

Index, designed to measure companies that have the potential to create longterm value based on sustainability criteria and financial quality. We are proud of this initiative and the interest it has received. Throughout the global economy and the private sector, short-term thinking is holding back investment. We all have a role to play to encourage public policies and corporate decisions designed to achieve long-term value creation.
CONCLUSION

Before I conclude I want to touch on some important themes that are impor tant contributors to creating long-term growth and value for the global economy and for our Company. These issues present opportunities for the private sector to demonstrate leadership, especially by seeking out publicprivate partnerships in ways that will enable economies, communities and companies to grow and people to prosper over the long term. For example, the significantly underfunded infrastructure needs of governments in the U.S. and around the globe present both a significant challenge and large opportunity. The Bipartisan Policy Center has estimated a $1 trillion gap between the current pace of infrastructure funding and our country's needs. Working closely with our government partners, the private sector can identify critical regulatory barriers to investment and find pragmatic solutions to overcome them. And we can promote the use of more standard and transparent data and allow long-term investors to more carefully assess project risks. With my fellow Trustees of the World Economic Forum's Global Challenge

To sum up, 2015 was an excellent year with growth for our Company, our employees and our shareholders. We expect more profitable growth and higher levels of performance under the banner of S&P Global in 2016. I am for tunate to work with a Board of Directors that understands the need for making the investments and commitments necessary for sustainable, long-term growth and performance. I look forward to working with our Board, employees and partners to accomplish our goals, and continuing to speak with customers, policy makers and shareholders about the evolution and growth of S&P Global. Best regards,

DOUGLAS L. PETERSON
President and Chief Executive Officer 5

Mc GRAW HILL FINANCIAL 2015 ANNUAL REPORT 5

