Harold McGraw III Chairman, President and CEO

To Our Shareholders:
The year 2008 will long be remembered as one of the most difficult years that our nation, our economy -- and our company -- has ever faced. A recession took hold, resulting in economic dislocation and rapid rises in unemployment. Global financial and credit markets remained largely frozen and global equity markets declined precipitously -- virtually in unison.
At times like this, when economic and market conditions remain so volatile, questions abound: questions about the causes of the crisis ... about its potential impact on our customers, markets and shareholders ... about its future course...and perhaps most importantly, about when economic growth will resume. In this year's annual report we will attempt to answer these critical questions. In the current economic environment, the question I'm asked most often is:
HOW IS THE MCGRAW-HILL COMPANIES POSITIONED TO WEATHER THE CURRENT STORM? No one can be certain about the outcome of actions being taken to strengthen the economy, but there are two key factors that make me confident in our ability to weather the current storm and emerge strong and well-positioned -- our financial strength and our business strategy's alignment with enduring global needs. Financially, our careful and conservative fiscal management has produced a strong balance sheet, a manageable level of debt and significant cash flow, which we are using to fund operations, make investments, pay down debt and return cash to shareholders. This is not to say that our revenues and earnings won't be affected by the downturn; they certainly have been: . 2008 revenue was $6.4 billion, down 6.2%; . Net income decreased 21.1% to $799.5 million; . Diluted earnings per share were $2.51, including $0.14 per share related to restructuring. While these results don't match the previous year, they demonstrate our ability to remain profi table in the midst of a recession, and also reflect the effectiveness of our costreduction actions and the strategic value of our diversifi ed portfolio of knowledge-based products and services. In the current environment, we remain focused on managing costs and maintaining liquidity. Toward that end, we increased efficiency and reduced redundancies in 2008, and since the fourth quarter of 2007, we have eliminated approximately 1,650 positions across our global operations. This is always a difficult step, but it is our responsibility to ensure that our cost level reflects the revenue opportunities we anticipate. Our three segments--Education, Financial Services and Information & Media--are leaders in their fields, serving the enduring global needs for knowledge, capital and information transparency that provide the foundations necessary to foster economic growth.

THE MCGRAW-HILL COMPANIES 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

01

"Our careful and conservative fiscal management has produced a strong balance sheet, a manageable level of debt and significant cash flow, which we are using to fund operations, make investments, pay down debt and return cash to shareholders."

. Students of all ages and in all countries need knowledge to help them compete and prosper. . Governments, companies and individuals need capital to enable investment, create jobs and stimulate economic growth. . Business leaders need information transparency to make informed decisions. What's more, each of our businesses has successfully pursued a strategy to globally diversify its products, services and revenue streams. While domestic revenue declined in 2008, international revenue grew slightly. Approximately 28% of The McGraw-Hill Companies' revenue is now generated outside the U.S., including almost 50% of Standard & Poor's Credit Market Services' revenue. For these reasons, the Board of Directors, our senior leadership team and I strongly believe that our company is well-positioned to capitalize on market opportunities that most certainly will arise when the economy recovers. As a testament to that confidence, in January 2009 we announced our 36th consecutive annual dividend increase. We are one of fewer than 30 companies in the S&P 500 with such a long streak of increases, and the new annual dividend of $0.90 per share represents a compound annual growth rate of 10.1% since 1974. With the difficulty of predicting when the current economic recession will end, another question that I'm asked frequently is: WHAT TRENDS OR DATA WILL SIGNAL THAT CONDITIONS ARE IMPROVING? It is always difficult to discern economic or market changes before they occur. We still must see what effect the massive recovery package coming from the federal government will have on stimulating the economy, relieving budget pressures on state and local governments, helping education funding and improving sentiment in capital markets.

As we move through 2009, we expect market participants to begin regaining confidence, financial institutions to put capital to work, and investors to redeploy investable assets out of short-term government securities and into the private sector. Economic improvement may come slowly -- not surprising given the scope and scale of the financial crisis and its resulting impact on the economy. We remain optimistic that economic conditions will eventually pick up. It's also clear that policymakers and others will continue to consider a broad range of options for recapitalizing markets, stimulating demand, segregating troubled assets and stabilizing the housing market. WHAT CAUSED THE FINANCIAL CRISIS? It is a subject that is sure to interest academics, policymakers and researchers for some time to come. At this point, most believe that a confluence of factors contributed to the problem: loose monetary policy, lax mortgage lending practices, abuses in the home-loan origination process and a dramatic increase in speculation helped fuel excessive global leverage, which was then exacerbated by a prolonged, significant drop in U.S. housing prices that has exceeded virtually all expectations. While it will take some time to parse through all the underlying causes of the crisis, the debate continues to rage on today about the role various market participants may have played in it. A recurring question is: WHAT ROLE DID CREDIT RATINGS PLAY? This is an important question because understanding the underlying causes of the current situation is an essential first step toward developing successful solutions.

02

Global economic growth is a key driver for The McGraw-Hill Companies as it focuses on expanding its businesses in domestic and international markets. In his role as Business Roundtable Chairman, Harold McGraw III speaks to the media at the National Press Club in Washington D.C. about the importance of the 2009 economic stimulus package and the necessity of developing innovative solutions to stimulate economic growth (left). Mr. McGraw meets with a group of the Corporation's senior business managers in Mexico City to discuss global expansion opportunities and goals (right).

We take little comfort from the fact that virtually all market participants--financial institutions, ratings firms, homeowners, regulators and investors -- did not anticipate the extreme and ongoing declines in the U.S. housing and mortgage markets. As a consequence of these unexpected developments, many of the forecasts and assumptions S&P used in its ratings analysis of certain mortgage-related structured finance securities issued over the past several years have not been borne out. There is no doubt that had we and others anticipated these extraordinary events, we would not have assigned many of the original ratings that we did. It's important to note that S&P has effectively served the global capital markets with high quality, independent and transparent credit ratings for many decades. Those ratings represent an opinion about the creditworthiness of bond issuers and their debt, and primarily speak to the likelihood of default. Credit ratings are useful to investors, and it is important to recognize and appreciate how they should, and should not, be used. S&P's ratings do not speak to the market value of a security or the volatility of its price, and ratings are not recommendations or commentary to buy, sell or hold a particular security. They simply provide one tool for investors to use in assessing credit quality. Indeed, they are one of many factors that may be considered when making an investment, and there are a number of characteristics not addressed by ratings that can -- and do -- influence the market performance and value of a security. WHAT LESSONS HAS S&P LEARNED? We at The McGraw-Hill Companies understand the seriousness of the current dislocation in the capital markets and the challenges it poses for the U.S. and global economies. We are committed to doing our part to enhance transparency and restore confidence in the markets.

Our efforts are focused on two key areas. First, we are making adjustments to our analysis so that S&P's current ratings reflect our best opinion of credit risk based on all information learned to date. Second, we are identifying and implementing steps to enhance our processes and rebuild market confidence in S&P's ratings opinions. We have, for example, appointed an Ombudsman for Standard & Poor's. He will address concerns about conflicts of interest and analytical and governance issues raised inside and outside the company. To help ensure transparency in global credit markets, we will continue to make S&P ratings available at no charge to the market in real time. Overall, we continue to make good progress on the broad set of initiatives announced in February 2008 to further strengthen S&P's ratings process and enhance transparency. These initiatives are a result of both internal reviews and dialogue with market participants and global policymakers. They include: . New governance procedures and controls designed to enhance the integrity of our ratings process and to safeguard against factors that could challenge that process; . Analytical changes focusing on the substantive analysis we do in arriving at our ratings opinions; . Changes to the information we use in our analysis and the way we convey our opinions to, and share our assumptions with, the public; and . New ways to communicate with the market about our ratings, their intended use and their limitations.

THE MCGRAW-HILL COMPANIES 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

03

WOULD INCREASED GOVERNMENT REGULATION HELP RESTORE INVESTOR CONFIDENCE? We believe prudent, globally consistent regulation can help restore confidence in global financial markets. We also believe there are two overarching criteria that regulation must meet if it is going to help, rather than hinder, economic recovery. First, because of the global nature of credit ratings and the capital markets, any new regulatory framework needs to be globally consistent and built on a set of standards commonly accepted by markets and regulators around the world , such as the IOSCO (International Organization of Securities Commissions) Code. Second, any new regulation must recognize and preserve the analytical independence of ratings agencies and their ratings methodologies. We continue to be engaged with regulators from around the world in an effort to help the development of an effective framework. Understandably, many shareholders might say that while our efforts to improve investor confidence are important, what is more important is our ability to improve our own results, which leads to the next question: WHAT IS OUR STRATEGY FOR GENERATING IMPROVED RESULTS? Across all of our global businesses there is one unifying vision that continues to guide us: we provide valuable insight and information that helps individuals, markets and societies perform to their potential. Now more than ever, we believe our mission is critical to the success and continued progress of our global customer base. To move forward, we are focusing on the vision that has guided us so well for over 120 years.

This commitment will help us answer the most pressing questions facing each of our businesses, and it's clear that one of the biggest questions we face going forward is: HOW WILL TODAY'S TURMOIL SHAPE OPPORTUNITIES IN TOMORROW'S CAPITAL MARKETS? While we remain in the midst of a serious economic crisis, we see several key trends taking shape that may affect financial markets for some time. Global markets will rely less on leverage. With declining valuations in the structured finance market, risk aversion will probably continue for the foreseeable future. Securitization will likely be revived, but only in more transparent forms. A re-intermediation of banking systems, especially in the U.S. where there has been more market debt than bank debt, appears likely. At the same time, markets and financial centers will become more global, and greater regional and global coordination in banking and securities oversight is also expected. The regulatory structure in key jurisdictions may be streamlined, the role of government in financial systems around the world will increase significantly, and conventional boundaries between the state and markets will be subject to challenge. The changing financial landscape is a source both of new challenges and new opportunities. One thing that has not -- and in our view will not -- change is the fundamental demand for credit ratings. Ratings firms like Standard & Poor's provide valuable universal standards that help investors and markets assess risk, access capital and foster economic growth. Over the long term, we believe financial innovation and the need to access the world's capital markets, especially among developing countries, will increase. And as they do, the need for S&P's products and services will grow.

04

In the near term, we already are seeing opportunities in the global markets, and where circumstances are favorable, we have responded by investing in a range of Standard & Poor's fast-growing products and services. During 2008, for example, we took the opportunity to expand the geographic scope of S&P's ratings network. Growing one of the world's largest ratings networks will help ensure our success over the longer term. For that reason, we are also committed to further diversifying sources of ratings revenue. For example, our stream of non-transactional revenue now accounts for 73% of total Credit Market Services revenue and 90% of this base is recurring. We are also capitalizing on strong demand for our nonratings-related offerings, including data and information, index services and equity research. S&P Investment Services' revenue grew 15% in 2008, fueled in part by expansion in its Capital IQ solutions portfolio, which grew by 19% to 2,600 firms. Our index offerings also continue to thrive. There are now 203 exchange-traded funds based on S&P indices -- including 59 launched in 2008 alone. More are in the pipeline. During 2008 we also created a new service that integrates many of S&P's products to provide market participants in the debt, structured finance, derivative and credit markets with intelligence and analytical insight through risk-driven investment analysis. Through this service, S&P now offers a targeted and growing array of capabilities in models and analytics. In the coming months, our goal is to become an integral part of the investment analytical process by integrating our models and data with investors' workflow. As you can see, the diversity of our Financial Services offerings is creating opportunities to help offset declines in new bond issuance.

HOW IS BUSINESS DIVERSITY BENEFITING OTHER PARTS OF OUR BUSINESS, LIKE EDUCATION? In the education marketplace, the economic downturn will have an adverse impact on spending in the short term. Over the long term, the trend -- and the opportunity -- are clear: the demand for knowledge will continue to fuel enrollments and spending in the U.S. and around the world. Our company continues to be a leader in the pre-K through 12, higher education and professional education markets. One reason why: our relentless effort to help improve learning and teaching, measure progress, and then feed results back into the system to generate more progress. Technology has a significant role to play in this process , as well as across the entire educational spectrum. HOW IS TECHNOLOGY TRANSFORMING EDUCATION AND LEARNING? The impact of technology can be described in one word: revolutionary. The confluence of content, technology and distribution is creating significant opportunities to improve our potential by producing new digital learning products and services for an audience eager to acquire 21st century skills. This is not just about bringing computers into the classroom. It's also about developing individualized approaches to learning, providing productivity-raising tools for teachers so they can spend more of their time teaching, and enabling schools to more accurately assess their progress. Technology is reshaping every aspect of the educational experience, and we are a leader in integrating technology into our educational offerings.

THE MCGRAW-HILL COMPANIES 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

05

"Our results demonstrate The McGraw-Hill Companies' ability to remain profitable in the midst of a recession, and also reflect the value of our diversified portfolio of knowledge-based products and services."

Nowhere is that impact more apparent than in higher education, where we are benefi tting from a growing lineup of new digital offerings that include individualized online tutoring, a lecture capture service that gives students access to course-critical lectures, and assessment placement tools that enable schools to determine the most appropriate courses for new students. We've also launched a new generation of homework managers that allow college instructors to organize all of their course assignments and assessments for online use by students. These subject-specific platforms have quickly become our best-selling digital product line in the higher education market. Our robust new platform, which we call McGrawHill Connect, offers many more features for both faculty and students and is now available in 18 disciplines. Technology is one reason why spending in higher education in the U.S. and particularly in overseas markets continues to grow. But technology is also driving significant changes in teaching and learning at the pre-K, elementary and secondary school levels. The key question here is: WILL SPENDING ON EDUCATION BE SUFFICIENT TO DRIVE CONTINUED ADVANCES IN TEACHING AND LEARNING? Increasing enrollments in the U.S. and abroad and the absolute necessity that we educate our children to remain competitive are among the factors that underpin our belief in the long term prospects for this market. Given our extensive experience in the education market, we know that state education budgets can and do fluctuate on a yearly basis. We saw this in 2008, and we expect some recession-related weakness in 2009. But the trends--and commitment--are evident, and this positive dynamic should be reflected in a rebound in education spending beginning in 2010. Reading, science and mathematics continue to be top priorities in school districts across the nation, and we are particularly strong in these disciplines.
06

We also are encouraged by the economic stimulus package that was passed in February, which contained significant funding for education. Included are an additional $13 billion to help educate financially disadvantaged students through Title I, $12.2 billion for special education services and $53.6 billion for a new State Fiscal Stabilization Fund to help fill state education budget gaps, repair and modernize schools, and make authorized purchases under federal education programs, including textbooks and other classroom materials. ARE TRADITIONAL MEDIA FRANCHISES STRENGTHENED OR STRESSED BY THE DIGITAL REVOLUTION? In the case of The McGraw-Hill Companies, we most certainly have been strengthened. For us, technology represents a tremendous opportunity in serving the business-to-business and business-to-consumer communities -- an opportunity to enhance our offerings, embed our solutions into customers' workflow and infrastructure, and build stronger, broader relationships that add more value. Take, for example, blogs. Today, more than 12 million American adults report maintaining a blog, while more than 57 million say they read blogs. Approximately 120,000 new blogs, as well as 1.4 million new blog posts, are created each day. To capture new opportunities in this area, in 2008 we acquired Umbria, a pioneer in deriving market intelligence from the rapidly growing world of online communities, including blogs, message boards and social networks. Umbria, which is now part of the J.D. Power and Associates brand, uses leading-edge technology to transform the unstructured data of the online community into actionable insights by identifying important themes and topics of interest by demographic profile. Such information will reinforce and complement the J.D. Power brand's core research capabilities, enhancing its leadership in understanding the consumer experience.

The Corporation continues to support wide-reaching programs focused on education and the arts, as well as the development of our employees. Harold McGraw III celebrates with Elizabeth Joy Roe, The McGraw-Hill Companies' 2008 Robert Sherman Award winner for Music Education and Community Outreach (left). At the annual Excellence in Leadership Awards, Mr. McGraw delivers remarks to a group of highperforming business managers who exemplify the Corporation's dedication to driving growth and meeting the needs of the markets we serve (center). Mr. McGraw welcomes employees' children to the Corporation's annual "Bring Your Child to Work Day" celebration, one of the many events that demonstrate our commitment to offering a range of work-life benefit programs for our employees (right).

Our other Information & Media brands are taking similar steps to leverage their news and insight in order to build new channels of interaction and activity with their marketplaces. Platts is playing a vital role as a trusted information provider in the volatile energy markets. J.D. Power and Associates continues to expand by region and industry. SO WHAT WILL 2009 BE LIKE? As stated at the outset, we are operating in an environment with limited visibility and significant volatility. Last year was challenging and we expect 2009 also to be challenging, given the tight credit markets, budget pressures on the state and local governments, reduced state new adoption opportunities and a weak advertising market. We believe that our prudent business management combined with the diversity and breadth of our portfolio leaves us well-positioned for when the economic environment eventually improves. Earlier I mentioned two reasons for being confident in our future; let me add a third: the integrity and values of our people. In our view, there is no work more important or more honorable than that which we do every day, in every office, around the world. It is indeed worthy -- and demanding -- of our deepest commitment and best effort. This will continue to be our focus in 2009 and beyond. Our employees and management team wouldn't have it any other way. I'd like to conclude by reiterating the enduring vision and values that guide us today and that will guide us tomorrow. For more than 120 years, employees of The McGraw-Hill Companies have been proud of the role they play in enabling millions of our customers to reach their potential. And we are proud as well of the strong brands we have built, and the leadership positions they hold in large, global markets.

In closing, I deeply appreciate the talent and dedication of our employees. I also thank our Board of Directors for their contributions and guidance. In particular, I would like to thank James Ross, who has served on our Board since 1989 and will be retiring this April. For two decades, the Corporation has benefited from his insight and global perspective, and for this, we are grateful. Most importantly, I would like to thank you, our shareholders, for your continuing support. Sincerely,

Harold McGraw III February 17, 2009

THE MCGRAW-HILL COMPANIES 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

07

