2

Succeeding in the Knowledge Economy
Harold McGraw III Chairman, President and CEO

To our shareholders:
With this year's annual report, we set out to answer a question that will define the decade ahead: What does it take to succeed in the knowledge economy? As countries look to spur economic growth and job creation in the wake of the financial crisis, this question has acquired new urgency. And around the world, the search for answers is leading people to trusted companies like McGraw-Hill. We understand that knowledge -- not just data -- has become the world's most precious commodity. The evidence is all around us. We see it in companies that set themselves apart from the competition not just by producing superior goods but by producing superior ideas. We see it in new technologies that have brought better insights to more people in more places than ever before. And we see it in a global skills competition among students and professionals who understand that virtually any job can be done virtually anywhere with the right capabilities. At McGraw-Hill, we are committed to creating a smarter, better world where everyone can succeed in the knowledge economy. This commitment connects every part of our business, from the financial analysis of Standard & Poor's and Capital IQ to the online learning solutions of McGraw-Hill Education to the latest market insights at Platts and J.D. Power and all our other knowledge-based brands.
The McGraw-Hill Companies | 2010 Annual Report

We posted double-digit earnings-pershare growth while maintaining a rock-solid financial position.
As we serve the world's need for knowledge, we are also serving the financial needs of our shareholders. I am proud to report that 2010 was a year of achievement for our company. We began with strong momentum after successfully navigating the economic challenges of the past few years, and we finished with outstanding results. We posted double-digit earnings-per-share growth while maintaining a rock-solid financial position. In January, we increased our annual dividend for the 38th consecutive year -- a record that fewer than 25 companies in the S&P 500 can match. In the months ahead, we expect to build on these accomplishments with another year of strong growth around the world. This confidence is a testament to a series of measures that we have taken to position ourselves for future success. These steps are transforming our company for the knowledge economy in two key ways.

We are growing more digital.
Over the decades, McGraw-Hill has earned a reputation for combining superior content with expansive reach. Our brands are respected around the globe. For example, S&P has offices in over 20 countries, our McGraw-Hill Education solutions are available in 65 languages and Platts serves customers across 150 countries. More recently, we have added a third element to the mix: technology. Our investments in technology have accelerated our transition from print to online platforms. Approximately two-thirds of our business now comes from digital and hybriddigital products or services. The days of providing information in a one-size-fits-all package have come to an end. Today we are personalizing our insights around the needs of our customers, so they can receive the knowledge they need whenever, wherever and however they need it.

3

Over the next five years, it is estimated that emerging markets will account for as much as 75 percent of the world's economic growth. We are growing more global.
Over the next five years, it is estimated that emerging markets will account for as much as 75 percent of the world's economic growth. As a company at the intersection of educa tion and financial information, McGraw-Hill will have a growing role in helping those economies develop the two forms of capital they need for sustained expansion -- human capital and financial capital. Already, international sales account for 29 percent of our total revenue, with key markets such as India and China growing rapidly.

Chairman, President and CEO Harold McGraw III joined global business and political leaders for the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in Davos, Switzerland in January 2011. Speaking on the panel "Insights on India," he stressed the need to close the skills gap between what students are learning in school and what they need to succeed in the knowledge economy. McGraw-Hill announced it will work with leading technology solutions provider Wipro to develop an open-standard mobile learning platform that will use mobile devices to deliver affordable education services in emerging markets. Mr. McGraw has closely observed the powerful connection between education, technological development and economic growth. Perhaps nowhere is this connection clearer than in the remarkable rise of South Korea. At a conference hosted during the G20 Summit by Chosun Ilbo, Korea's leading newspaper, Mr. McGraw discussed trade liberalization and global education with South Korean Prime Minister Kim Hwang-Sik.

CreditMatters extends the reach of S&P's global network of ratings analysts through a host of digital vehicles.

McGraw-Hill LearnSmartTM delivers adaptive content based on a student's individual needs to improve performance and learning.

4

Standard & Poor's Brings Transparency to Global Financial Markets.
To succeed in the knowledge economy, businesses, entrepreneurs and investors need a stronger and more sustainable financial system -- one that provides them with the capital they need to expand their enterprises and create new jobs. Since its founding more than 150 years ago, Standard & Poor's has been the foremost provider of credit ratings offering objective and independent opinions on credit risk to markets around the globe. 2010 was no exception. In response to the lessons of the financial crisis, we took a range of steps to make our credit ratings more transparent and more comparable across different asset classes. We also worked closely with countries around the world to strengthen oversight during a year when many governments enacted new financial regulations, including the landmark Dodd-Frank Act in the United States. To operate effectively in the new global environment, we have made major changes at S&P, including a new control framework called QCCR, which stands for Quality, Criteria, Compliance and Risk. This framework operates independently of the ratings process and has required significant investment in technology platforms, staffing and training. With the passage of comprehensive financial reform, clarity has begun returning to global debt markets. Conditions are ripe for growth, with higher issuance fueling higher demand for ratings. For example, a range of factors such as refinancing activity, tightening credit spreads and investors' appetite for yield came together to make 2010 a record year for dollarvolume issuance in the global corporate highyield market. In the years ahead, ratings will play an increasingly important role in the developing world as these nations seek greater access to the capital markets. For example, when I visited India last March, I attended a ceremony where the Standard & Poor's-owned CRISIL awarded its 10,000th rating for the small and medium

enterprises that account for nearly half of the country's industrial output. By the end of 2010, CRISIL had already far exceeded this milestone with more than 17,000 such ratings in all. On page 7, CRISIL Managing Director and CEO Roopa Kudva explains how these kinds of services support economic growth in emerging markets.

New $1.2 Billion Segment, McGraw-Hill Financial, Positioned for Growth.
While McGraw-Hill Financial represents a new segment for our company, its brands include well-known names such as Capital IQ and S&P Indices. By realigning our former Financial Services segment into two segments -- Standard & Poor's, the world's leading credit ratings operation, and McGraw-Hill Financial, we are better positioning the business to address the changing needs of our customers. Today, all investors need smarter tools, so they can make better decisions for saving for college, planning for retirement or just simply maximizing their portfolios. With the creation of McGraw-Hill Financial, we are ready to answer the call.

Lou Eccleston President of the new segment, McGraw-Hill Financial

While McGraw-Hill Financial represents a new segment for our company, its brands include well-known names such as Capital IQ and S&P Indices.
For example, we recently launched a product called Risk-to-Price® (R2P), which answers a question that investors have long been asking: Is a bond's risk worth its return? As Managing Director for Global Research Michael Thompson

McGraw-Hill has witnessed China's remarkable growth firsthand, having entered that market more than two decades ago.Therefore, it was fitting that for Standard & Poor's 150th anniversary, S&P hosted in July the "Future of Finance" forum in China, in collaboration with the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences (CASS). Mr. McGraw shared the podium with (left to right) Wu Xiaoling, Member of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC) and Vice Chairman of the Financial and Economic Committee of NPC; Wang Zhaoxing, Vice Chairman, China Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC); and Li Yang, Vice President, CASS. As part of its expansion into key global markets like China, McGraw-Hill deployed a highly successful, blended IT vocational English course. In July, Mr. McGraw interacted with students at a vocational center in Beijing.

The McGraw-Hill Companies | 2010 Annual Report

explains on page 14, R2P allows investors to gauge these factors so they can achieve the right balance for their financial needs. At Capital IQ and S&P Indices, we took significant steps to lay the foundation for future growth. The number of customers for Capital IQ rose by nearly 16 percent to more than 3,400 while the number of exchange-traded funds based on S&P Indices increased by 95 to more than 300 in all.

New Insights from McGraw-Hill Information & Media.
With our additional brands such as J.D. Power, Platts, McGraw-Hill Construction and Aviation Week, we are providing superior insights on the trends that will shape the future of the knowledge economy -- trends such as green building, which McGraw-Hill Construction Vice President Harvey Bernstein discusses on page 10. During last year's oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, people around the world saw the strength of Platts' thought leadership in the energy sectors. With the crisis dominating headlines for months, Platts provided in-depth information through a wide range of outlets, from realtime news alerts on blogs and Twitter to television segments on the company's new weekly program, Platts Energy Week.

5

Digital Innovation Takes Center Stage at McGraw-Hill Education.
To succeed in the knowledge economy, today's students need to be lifelong learners so they can keep pace with the demands of an ever-changing job market. By 2018, one study predicts that 63 percent of all jobs will require postsecondary education. Unfortunately, the United States has fallen from boasting the highest percentage of college graduates in the world to ranking in the middle of the pack. At McGraw-Hill, we are committed to meeting this challenge by making higher education more accessible, affordable and adaptive. With the digitization of education, we have the opportunity of the century to achieve all of these goals. In 2010, we achieved double-digit growth for our digital products and services in both higher education and professional markets. We launched a range of new offerings including LearnSmart -- an adaptive study system that is already showing results in the classroom, with professors reporting significant increases in test scores. As the story on page 9 explains, our new partnership with Blackboard will allow us to fully integrate our digital offerings on the world's leading course management platform. To prepare students for the challenges of higher learning, we also need to ensure that they receive a world-class education early in life. While tight state budgets continue to constrain spending for elementary and high school education, we successfully obtained about 30 percent of the new state adoption market and increased our market share in 2010. In the years ahead, emerging markets outside the United States will constitute a rapidly growing market for educational products and services. McGraw-Hill Create, TM our Web-based custom publishing platform that enables instructors to tailor materials for their classes, has been gaining international demand, as we explain on page 8.  In addition, we have launched our flagship homework management platform, McGraw-Hill Connect,® internationally. Educators and students around the world will benefit from Connect's media-rich content, assessment engines and industry-leading adaptive learning tools.

Risk-to-Price® was launched in 2010 to help investors better understand how they are being compensated for risk when purchasing bonds.

In the pages that follow, we share the stories of how McGraw-Hill is creating a smarter, better world where everyone can succeed in the knowledge economy. While the stories we have chosen for this report span many different industries and many different countries, they share two common elements that have defined our company for more than a century -- integrity and innovation. This is a testament to the purpose and passion that our more than 20,000 employees bring to the office every day. I am proud to call them my colleagues. On behalf of all the employees of McGraw-Hill, I thank our Board of Directors for its outstanding stewardship and dedicated service. This year I am delighted to welcome a new Board member, William D. Green. Bill is Chairman of Accenture, and his remarkable experience and insights into the global technology mar kets as well as his leadership on education initiatives will be a tremendous benefit to our company. And, as always, I thank you, our shareholders, for your continuing support.

Through McGraw-Hill's part nership with Blackboard, college and university students and educators around the world will have greater access to a personalized and engaging learning experience.

Sincerely,

Harold McGraw III February 23, 2011

