A Letter to Our Stockholders
As you have read on the preceding pages, Mohawk covers the market by every measure – products, brands, market share, customers, manufacturing and distribution. This position not only makes Mohawk an industry leader, but also a great busi- ness capable of exceptional performance. The past year certainly underscores this point.
Ongoing profitable investment in every aspect of our business allowed us to capitalize on a rebounding econ- omy and flooring market. This rebound was led by the residential replacement channel of our business, and further strengthened by a continued high level of new housing construction. The commercial side of the mar- ket, down by more than 30 percent in some channels, began its own upturn later in the year as non-residential construction spending began to increase. Our sales of hard surface products also continued to enjoy signifi- cant growth.
The combined sales momentum from all areas of our business helped to offset record-high raw material and energy costs that impacted our business during the year. The industry’s response to these rising costs has been a rational one and a series of price increases, un- precedented in the history of the industry, have been sub- stantially absorbed in an orderly manner. Fortunately, consumers continue to recognize that carpet and other flooring options remain one of the best values for home or office improvement, which helps to support industry sales in a cost-pressured environment.
Against this market scenario, Mohawk’s year was, quite simply, an exceptional one. Sales grew 18 percent to $5.9 billion, with growth in both the Mohawk and Dal-Tile segments exceeding our expectations. Our acquisition of Lees Carpet in late 2003 also contributed to the sales growth. Net earnings rose 19 percent over 2003 to $369 million in 2004, which translated into an 18 percent increase over 2003 in diluted earnings per share of $5.46. This earnings growth was achieved in a very difficult environment with increasing costs that
required several price increases. The leveraging of fixed costs against sales increases, demonstrating the strong scale inherent to our business, allowed us to maintain our overall margins.
We invested $107 million in capital expenditures during 2004 and expect to increase investments in the business in 2005. During the first quarter of 2005, we acquired one of our carpet backing vendors, which will allow us to manu- facture carpet backing internally. Our capital expendi- tures for 2005 include capacity expansion projects at our Monterrey, Mexico, and Muskogee, Oklahoma, ceramic tile manufacturing facilities and at our nylon extrusion and yarn processing operations. Much of this will not be fully operational until 2006. Additionally, we are con- solidating several leased warehouse facilities in North Georgia for our hard surface and home products into owned facilities. Each of these investments supports our ongoing efforts to sustain the company’s history of profitable growth. With a 25 percent debt-to-capitaliza- tion ratio and Mohawk’s investment grade rating, our ability to finance capital investments and explore other opportunities remains solid.
Experiencing Success across Every Surface
One of the most gratifying aspects of our performance in 2004 was that it reflected growth in every aspect of our business. Innovation and investment in products, marketing and service continue to keep our core car- pet business at the forefront of the industry. Our in- vestments in technology are enabling us to introduce exclusive new products such as SmartStrandTM, made from a proprietary DuPontTM polymer that combines the softness of nylon with enhanced stain resistance and wear characteristics. SmartStrandTM, made with DuPontTM Sorona® polymer, is an engineered-in prod- uct, not a topical treatment, so the stain resistant prop- erties are a part of the entire fiber, not just the surface. Innovation also extends to the marketing front. We’ve had an extremely positive response to our new regional
[11]

marketing shows, where we bring our sales force and our dealers together to view product lines in a smaller, more productive setting. (DuPontTM and Sorona® are regis- tered trademarks of DuPont.)
Our commercial carpet business has a great story to tell this year. The acquisition of Lees in 2003 proved to be perfectly timed to catch the beginning of the 2004 up- turn in the commercial sector, where Lees has allowed us to significantly increase our market share. Perhaps even more importantly, Lees allowed us to expand a new line of business, modular carpet, which is current- ly one of the fastest growing categories in the flooring industry. We are leveraging Lees’ expertise in this area by extending modular product into our Mohawk com- mercial line, which is focused on a more value-oriented segment of the market.
Carpet is and will continue, in the foreseeable future, to be our largest product category, but our presence is expanding in hard surfaces, which is the fastest grow- ing area of the flooring industry. Indeed, hard surfaces now comprise over 30 percent of Mohawk’s total reve- nues, up from approximately 5 percent just three years ago. Our ceramic tile, wood, vinyl and laminate prod- ucts are enjoying sales momentum due to increasing consumer demand for those surfaces.
The growth trends for ceramic tile and stone are strong and we are reaping the benefits of this growth through Dal-Tile. Three years after our acquisition of this ceramic market leader, we continue to be extremely pleased with its performance. We have invested in this business by increasing manufacturing capacity, im- proving inventory availability and increasing product selection with higher style products. Additional invest- ments included remodeling the showrooms in over half of Dal-Tile’s service centers, adding sales personnel and opening design centers in five markets. Investments in Dal-Tile have paid off with average sales growth of ap- proximately 15 percent since our purchase. Improved sales strength is helping Dal-Tile increase its share in the residential market to complement its historically strong share in the commercial arena.
Broadening Distribution
Dal-Tile also has quickly built a commanding position in stone surfaces through a series of acquisitions and strong internal growth. This is a strategy Dal-Tile in- tends to pursue further in this rapidly growing and highly fragmented market. The benefits are two-fold: Stone surfaces are growing as a stand-alone business and, we have discovered, stone and tile perform even better when sold together.
For Mohawk, hard surfaces represent a compelling growth front. In addition, these surfaces create opportu- nity and demand for area and accent rugs. We currently enjoy market strength in the specialty retail distribu- tion channel, where our highly prized Karastan brand is sold, and in the mass merchant retail channel, where the Mohawk brand is popular. Mohawk has recently introduced two new rug lines, Studio by Karastan and Mohawk Select, to floorcovering retailers. These rug lines are machine woven area rugs in the medium price range that complement our other products. Mohawk’s line of accent and area rugs, bath mats and home acces- sories continues to expand and to offer products across a broad range of price points. Product innovation and design are focused on creating value while meeting the changing demands of the retail consumer.
Covering the Market
In closing, it is important to note that Mohawk not only covers the flooring market, but also that the floor- ing market itself is one well worth covering. Relative to many other sectors, our industry enjoys many solid fun- damentals – strong recurring demand from end-users, a consolidating manufacturing base, a wide and diversified customer base and relatively little competition from for- eign imports. It’s a great foundation upon which to grow our business and create value for our shareholders. As this year has demonstrated, we’re doing exactly that.
Many thanks for your continued support, as well as to our employees and customers.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 [12]
