                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           To Our Shareholders
During 2012, Mohawk gathered momentum on all fronts by introducing new products, expanding its geographical footprint, announcing strategic acquisitions and posting solid financial results. Much of this progress reflects our purposeful execution of strategies during the prolonged industry downturn – strategies that enabled our businesses to compete more effectively and our Company to capitalize on opportunities as the marketplace regains its strength.
In the United States, low mortgage rates, increasing home prices and a limited supply of existing homes are driving growth in new home construction. Increased home prices also help to strengthen consumer confidence, which, in turn, stimulates residential remodeling projects. Additionally,
the U.S. commercial market continues to grow with the expansion of new projects across all sectors.
These strengthening economic conditions offer significant opportunities for Mohawk to capture both residential and commercial new construction and remodeling business. We are not relying, however, on strengthening market conditions alone. Each of our businesses has translated an ongoing emphasis on product innovation into unique products that redefine end-user expectations and offer
compelling incentives for contractors, designers and consumers to trade up to value-added options with highly desirable features.
With our disciplined approach to cost management,
the Company is able to invest in product research and development and enhanced merchandising and marketing programs to drive sales. We continue to realize cost and productivity gains through asset consolidations, new equipment purchases and continuous process improvements. In addition, we have made significant improvements in safety programs across the enterprise that have received world-class recognition from a major insurer.
 As a result of these internal initiatives and an improving market, Mohawk grew earnings per share before unusual items 29 percent over 2011 to $3.78* in 2012. Operating margins before unusual items increased 80 basis points,* or 15 percent, during the 12-month period, with all segments increasing earnings as a result of improved product mix, productivity gains and price increases. As a result, cash flow from operations increased from $301 million to $588 million. The Company’s liquidity and operating leverage remain strong.
*See pages 50 and 51 for Non-GAAP Reconciliation.
2012 Annual Report
1
                           
                                Innovation & Market Expansion
Drive Segment Profitability
The Mohawk segment posted operating profit before unusual items of $169 million* in 2012, its best performance since 2007. In 2012, we introduced SmartStrand® SilkTM, a next- generation product line that introduces a revolutionary new level of softness in carpet. In commercial markets, we offered products with our high-performance Duracolor® fiber that provides improved style in key commercial price points. The Mohawk segment continues to benefit from investments in additional fiber extrusion capacity, as well as enhanced sales tools and techniques.
Innovation is driving performance in our Dal-Tile segment also, where our Reveal Imaging® technology is used across an increasing number of product lines, replicating a wide variety of looks. Dal-Tile is aligning its product portfolio with the market’s growing use of larger format tiles. During the year, the segment balanced new product launches with a reduction in total SKUs to improve manufacturing efficiencies and inventory control.
Dal-Tile’s sales continue to outpace the growth of the ceramic market in Mexico as it broadens its participation across all price points and product categories. Our new Salamanca plant’s location near raw materials, as well as the important Mexico City market, provides cost and distribution advantages. With the additional capacity of our Mexican plants, we can also export more value-oriented tile product to the U.S. market. Improved U.S. market conditions, new products, expanded distribution through all channels and sales growth in Mexico enabled Dal-Tile to
2
Mohawk Industries, Inc.
record operating profit before unusual items of $127 million* in 2012, a 22 percent increase over 2011.
As always, innovation is a priority for Unilin. In 2012, Unilin expanded product offerings featuring its proprietary GenuEdgeTM technology, which provides laminate flooring with a realistic hardwood look. Unilin also added its patented Uniclic® locking system and surface embossing technology to luxury vinyl tile (LVT). Easy to install and maintain, LVT mimics the look of either tile or wood surfaces. Among existing product lines, the Quick-Step® brand offers patented Uniclic installation technology, the longest and widest planks in the industry and fashionable distressed surfaces. In addition, new Scotchgard®** and ArmorMaxTM finishes
on our hardwood products offer an unprecedented level of wear resistance and easy maintenance.
Beyond continued growth in its core U.S. and European flooring business, Unilin has numerous expansion projects under way around the world. In Russia, our laminate plant successfully ramped up production levels during the year and has further potential to increase productivity. We also continue to be pleased with the performance of our Australian laminate and hardwood distribution business, which we acquired in 2011. In Brazil, we have established a presence through a laminate joint venture with a fully integrated forest products supplier. The need for more energy-efficient building continues to drive demand in Unilin’s insulation board business. The construction of a new plant in France will help us meet this demand and better service customers in southern Europe, while our existing Belgian plant continues to supply those in the north.
* See pages 50 and 51 for Non-GAAP Reconciliation.
** SCOTCHGARD® is a registered trademark of 3M Company.
   EPS OPEratIng IncOME excluding unusual items* excluding unusual items*
in millions
$4.00
$3.50
$3.00
$2.50 $2.00
$3.78
$2.92 $350
$450 $400
$398
      $2.52
$2.24
$300 $301 $250
$327 $345
  2009 2010
2011 2012
2009 2010 2011 2012

   nET DEBT TO EBITDa excluding unusual items*
nET DEBT TO caPITaLIZaTIOn excluding unusual items*
2.50 2.2 2.00
1.50
1.00
0.05
2009
2.0
2010
2.0
2011 2012
28% 25% 22% 19% 16%
26.2%
25.8%
25.5%
17.7%
      1.3
  2009 2010 2011 2012
                                global Expansion Through acquisition† The improvements in our infrastructure and our strong balance sheet afforded us the opportunity in 2012 to transition from a focus on capital conservation to aggressive business expansion. We were able to identify three acquisitions that are excellent fits with our existing businesses.
In late December 2012, we announced our intent to acquire the Marazzi Group, one of the world’s largest tile companies. Upon closing this $1.5 billion acquisition, financed through a combination of cash and equity, Mohawk will become the global leader in ceramic tile, the world’s most widely utilized flooring product. With businesses in the U.S., Russia and Europe, Marazzi will provide us with the resources to strengthen our existing Dal-Tile operations in the United States and to expand our presence in tile markets around the world. Marazzi’s Russian operation has an integrated supply chain, from manufacturing to distribution to retail, with about half of its products sold directly to end-users. Marazzi allows us to enter the European market with leading positions in Italy, France and Spain while their building market is at a low level but with significant upside potential.
In January 2013, we completed the purchase of Pergo
for approximately $150 million in cash. Pergo is one of the leading manufacturers and a highly regarded brand in the laminate flooring industry. Pergo’s products and distribution channels in the U.S. and Europe complement our Quick-Step® brand and create a number of product, operational and administrative synergies. Pergo also provides opportunities to enhance Unilin’s patent portfolio.
*See pages 50 and 51 for Non-GAAP Reconciliation. †Completion of Marazzi and Spano acquisitions subject to
At the beginning of 2013, we also announced our intent
to purchase Spano Group, a Belgian board manufacturer. Spano’s line of chip and melamine boards, used in furniture and building products, will strengthen our niche position
in that business and provide complementary offerings to our Unilin products. Spano’s facilities are located near our Unilin operations, allowing us to optimize manufacturing assets, raw materials and production efficiencies.
These acquisitions, combined with our ongoing reinvestment in our existing businesses, will position Mohawk for growth over the next three to five years and affirm our confidence in the long-term potential of the global flooring market. By continuing to invest in product innovation and other growth initiatives, exercising cost discipline and maintaining a strong balance sheet, we will ensure that Mohawk is well positioned to grow and reward its shareholders – all of which is very much Growth by Design.
Thank you for your support.
Jeff Lorberbaum
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 customary closing conditions.
2012 Annual Report
3
