Our history of strategic growth:
 A Letter to Our Stockholders
| Tough economy? Absolutely. Record returns? You bet. As the economy faltered during 2002, Mohawk stood on solid ground. We managed the Company conservatively, adjusting to the economic environment and preparing to take advantage of the eventual upturn. We improved our internal metrics, our sales approach and our infrastructure while beginning to integrate the biggest acquisition in the Company’s history. And, we focused on training and developing our people. The result? Mohawk delivered record earnings and became the industry’s leading floorcovering supplier, positioning our Company as a leader in all floor- covering products. With about 30% of our total sales in hard surface products, we’re now poised to capture greater market share in all floorcovering categories. | The Company’s 2002 financial performance was impressive. Diluted earnings per share were $4.39, 24 percent higher than 2001. Net earnings were $284 million. These compare to EPS of $3.55 or $189 million in net earnings for 2001. Net sales grew to $4.5 billion, a 31 percent increase over 2001. Of that, the Dal-Tile acquisition accounted for 26 percent. | Our balance sheet gained strength, with debt-to-capitalization falling to 29 percent at the end of the year. This compares to 39 percent at the end of the first quarter immediately following the Dal-Tile acquisition. We reduced the number of days of sales in accounts receivable from 43 to 40 days. | We repurchased
1.4 million shares of Mohawk stock. And, our investment grade public bond offering was highly successful – it was oversold to investors within the first few days. | How we got here. It all boils down to basic blocking and tackling. For the past few years, we’ve concentrated on execution and we continued those efforts in 2002. Across the Company, we invested in our people. New training programs, improved professionalism, processes and controls, and provided a big-picture view of Mohawk’s businesses. | We expanded our fiber extrusion capacity and broadened our product lines in all hard and soft surface categories. Carpet cushion manufacturing grew with the opening of a new plant and higher output at other manufacturing locations. | In broadloom carpet, we restructured our sales force and created one team to sell the high-end Karastan, CustomWeave, Ralph Lauren and Helios lines. This targeted focus has enabled us to better serve high-end customers and reduce the number of people calling on each customer. | Our Karastan Rug operation moved to Mohawk Home and we created a rug-only sales force. Now, Mohawk is set to provide a greater range of Karastan Rug products and price points. Currently, we’re concentrating on the mid-level market, which we believe has significant growth potential. | We finished integrating the Mohawk Home operations into our information systems. Internal reorganization at Mohawk Home has resulted in greater
Absolutely. We’re the leading manufacturer and marketer 25% of the more than $20 billion floorcovering industry,
 
10/92
4/93
7/93
2/94
1/95 7/97
   Horizon Industries
Karastan
American Rug Craftsmen
Aladdin Mills
Galaxy Diamond Carpet Mills
attention to product categories and individual customers. | Throughout the country, we expanded distribution of Congoleum vinyl, which enjoyed substantially increased sales. Wood floorcovering also grew rapidly in response to our offering more styles and products in all price points. | In The Mohawk Group, our commercial business, we increased our focus on national accounts and large end-users in an effort to offer them products that are more cost-effective and easier to maintain. We also worked to improve service levels and to build awareness of our commercial products through innovative marketing programs. And, we continued to run the Company in an environmentally responsible manner. Recently our efforts were officially recognized by the U.S. General Services Administration, which awarded Mohawk the 2003 Evergreen Award. Each year, selected companies receive this award for operations that respect and protect the quality of our environment. The award acknowledges Mohawk’s conservation of resources throughout all aspects of our operations – design, engineering, processes and production. We are proud to receive this prestigious award as validation of our ongoing environmental initiatives. | What’s changed? As we worked on the basics, we also began the Dal-Tile integration. The first phase of systems integration, which included finance and accounting functions, was completed before year-end. In addition, we began to unite functions
that will ultimately allow us to warehouse and ship products together. For example, we created a centralized logistics group to implement new systems that will improve service and costs. When fully implemented, our systems will enable us to deliver combined Mohawk and Dal-Tile shipments to customers more efficiently and provide more detailed tracking information. We expect the entire systems integration to be completed in 2004. | We transferred the marketing and merchandising of Mohawk’s ceramic tile program to Dal-Tile in order to leverage Dal-Tile’s expertise and attack the market in a unified manner. Construction began on the Muskogee, Oklahoma porcelain floor tile plant under Dal-Tile’s supervision. When the plant is completed in 2003, it will provide Mohawk with industry-leading capabilities. | These efforts allowed us to begin taking advantage of the synergies and opportunities created by this strategic merger. | What’s behind our success? Ultimately, what’s behind our success is people – our employees, customers and the consumers that buy our products. Like Mohawk, our customers are becoming total floorcovering suppliers and we’re helping them to offer a broader array of products in all categories. We’ll continue to provide a high level of service to these customers as we reinforce the value of the Mohawk brand. | Consumer surveys show high awareness and trust in the Mohawk brand. This foundation is crucial to our future success. To further solidify the
of floorcovering in the United States, but with less than we’ve got plenty of room to grow.
 
 6/98
8/98
11/98
1/99
3/99
11/00
3/02
  Newmark & James
American Weavers
World Carpets
Image Industries
Durkan Patterned Carpets
Crown Crafts
Dal-Tile International
 Mohawk brand across all product lines, we’ve created standards aimed at increasing consistency in the way we present our brand. | Customers and consumers surveyed also agree on the attributes that set Mohawk apart from other floorcovering companies – our employees and corporate culture. Most survey respondents said we succeed because our people are empowered to take action and they do things well. Without a doubt, the dedication and hard work of Mohawk’s more than 32,000 employees made the difference between thriving during 2002 and merely surviving. They understand our business and our customers’ needs and they’ve pulled out all the stops to meet those needs. | Where we’re going. Mohawk’s long-term strategy is to be a North American company that provides all floorcovering types to every channel – residential, new construction and commercial – fully supported by our logistics and trucking system and our distribution partners. We took a major step toward realizing this goal with the Dal-Tile merger. We now have a deep knowledge base in hard surfaces and a well-respected team to help us increase market share in ceramic tile. | We estimate that Mohawk’s market share is approximately 20 percent of the $20 billion floorcovering industry. We have many opportunities to grow within our industry. And we intend to do that by offering our customers a broad product line, exceeding their service expectations
and increasing the value of the Mohawk brand. | When the economy improves, we’ll have trained personnel, modern equipment and efficient logistics systems that will enable Mohawk to grow rapidly. We’ll also look for acquisitions in hard and soft surface floorcovering categories that will further position Mohawk as the supplier of choice. | And, we will continue to run this Company with the same disciplined leadership. Mohawk has had corporate checks and balances in place for years and we stand behind the integrity of our financial statements. For Mohawk, conservative, ethical and honest financial reporting is business as usual. | In conclusion, I want to thank our customers, shareholders and employees for their support. On behalf of the Mohawk management team, I pledge to you a future where we have much room to grow and create value.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum President and Chief Execut March 17, 2003
 ive Officer
Absolutely. We’re the leading manufacturer and marketer 25% of the more than $20 billion floorcovering industry,
  