To Our Shareholders,
  Mohawk’s financial performance continued to improve in 2011. each of our businesses continued to grow sales through new product innovations and geographic expansion and to increase profitability through process improvements, asset realignments and cost reductions. As a result, Mohawk now hasaleaner,smarterandmoreresponsivebusinessmodel which we will increasingly leverage as the flooring industry moves toward a more normalized level of business activity.
A stRengthening PeRfoRMAnce in 2011
During the past 12 months, there were some encouraging signs of strengthening market activity. In the United States, the Mohawk segment grew net sales in both the residential and commercial markets. Dal-Tile sales in both the U.S. and Mexico expanded, with the commercial market outpacing residential sales in the U.S. Despite the challenging European economy, Unilin improved results from the prior year. Stronger end-markets translated into 2011 net sales of $5.6 billion, a six percent increase over 2010. Excluding unusual items, earnings rose 16 percent to $2.92* per share.
in addition, we are pleased to report that our businesses continue to generate strong net cash from operating activities, totaling $301 million in 2011. During the year, we successfully implemented price increases to help offset raw material inflation, had efficiency and productivity gains, enhanced product engineering, increased use of alternative materials and aligned manufacturing assets with market conditions and changing consumer preferences.
6 Mohawk industries, inc.
*See page 22 for Non-GAAP Reconciliation
 
   DIffERENTIATING PRoDUcTS IN
the MARketPlAce
The Mohawk segment is focused on ensuring its product mix aligns well with shifting market demands. We have broadened our product lines to offer those fibers and features most often requested by consumers. our popular and proprietary products, such as SmartStrand® in the triexta fiber category, are competitive differentiators for us in the residential market.We also have just introduced SmartStrand SilktM and SmartStrand UltratM, brand extensions that represent a new generation of softness and durability in carpets and that should have an immediate impact on sales.
In addition, we are extending triexta to the commercial and multi-family markets where we believe the durability, stain-resistance and sustainability attributes of the fiber will make our new products well received there.
Just as we have adjusted production in our residential lines toward more profitable areas of the market, we also have increased manufacturing capacity in the commercial offerings to meet the growing demand for modular carpet tile, as well as invested in new technology for high-style hospitality print carpet.
Differentiated products continue to be an important part of Dal-Tile’s market strategy. Here, efforts are focused on incorporating our Reveal Imaging® technology, which reproduces the natural looks of stone, wood or fabric with exceptional precision, into a broader array of product offerings.
With a history of innovation, Unilin remains focused on product development, such as distressed wood and wide plank styles, for the premium market. Unilin’s insulation products business is growing rapidly in Europe, where regulatory requirements for increased energy efficiency are fueling demand.
INvESTMENTS To BUILD A BETTER MoHAWk
We invested more than $275 million in capital expenditures in 2011, and we continue to make investments across all of our businesses that contribute to a stronger business model, build a more effective organization and lead to higher profit- ability. for example, we are in the process of extending our use of SAP within Dal-Tile to further improve customer responsiveness and decrease the cost of sales.
our R&D initiatives include developing products with a higher percentage of recycled material and manufacturing processes that use natural resources more effectively. Mohawk is the only flooring company to make the Newsweektop 500 green Rankings for three consecutive years, and Floor Covering Weekly in 2011 presented us with the greenstep Pinnacle Award for environmental leadership. Investing in our employees is also essential to our success, and we are proud to report that Training magazine recently ranked us fourth among U.S. companies for our employer-sponsored training and development programs.
initiAtives thAt cAPitAlize on gloBAl gRowth
our long-term strategy reflects the company’s ongoing evolution from its foundation as a North American carpet
“Mohawk’s financial performance continued to improve in 2011. Each of our businesses continued to grow sales through new product innovations and geographic expansion and to increase profitability through process improvements, asset realignments and cost reductions.”
  2011 Annual Report 7
Jeff Lorberbaum
 
   business into a larger, more diverse total flooring company that operates in the global marketplace.We are expanding our portfolio of investments in fast-growing markets around the world and continually assessing new opportunities. in each case, our approach is to enter new geographies in a way that is best suited to the local market – either through joint venture, acquisition or a greenfield initiative.
In Mexico, Dal-Tile has delivered strong sales growth as it adds new wholesale and retail customers.We are on schedule to open a second manufacturing site this spring in Mexico for products that target the core segment of that market and broaden our offering across all price points. Dal-Tile’s joint venture in china continues to help us establish a presence in the world’s largest tile market, while also manufacturing product for export to other regions.
Unilin’s sales initiative in Russia crossed a milestone in october 2011 with the opening of a laminate plant that has already exceeded expectations. Local manufacturing will improve our cost structure and our ability to service Russian customers. During the year, Unilin consolidated facilities in Malaysia, reducing costs and increasing capacity, and acquired the largest distributor of laminate and wood flooring products
in Australia to better serve the local market, a strategy that has worked well in the United kingdom.
A STRoNG cAPITAL STRUcTURE AND oRGANIzATIoN
our ability to expand internationally while continuing to make investments in our existing businesses reflects one of Mohawk’s
greatest strengths – its balance sheet. At year-end, our net debt to adjusted EBIDTA ratio was 2.0, and we have liquidity of more than $900 million available to redeem our 2012 bonds and provide flexibility for future opportunities.
our management team represents another strength and will be instrumental in our ability to realize new market potential.We have recently promoted Brian carson to succeed frank Peters as President of the Mohawk division and John turner, Jr., to succeed HaroldTurk as President of Dal-Tile.These appoint- ments underscore the depth of our current management team and our commitment to effective succession planning.We are grateful to both frank and Harold for their many years of leadership and for their willingness to remain with the company throughout 2012 to help identify and explore strategic development opportunities in their respective business units.
We remain optimistic about the future of the flooring industry. Long-term, we expect the industry to outpace GDP growth, due to expected expansion of household formation as well as improvement in consumer confidence and employment levels, and lower housing inventories. Mohawk’s products will always be in style and in demand because of the timeless desire to enhance the residential and commercial spaces in which we live and work. our focus will remain squarely on investments in growth initiatives, innovative products, a strong balance sheet and a low-cost infrastructure – all strategies that have proven to be as sound and timeless as our products.
we appreciate your support.
 8 Mohawk industries, inc.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum
chairman and chief Executive officer
