PG 19 THE RIGHT CHOICE.
  A Letter to Our Shareholders
Managing a business successfully comes down to making the right choices – the long-term strategic decisions, as well as the daily nuts and bolts issues. Mohawk produced solid results in 2005 and continued the Company’s transforma- tion into a total flooring provider.
Certainly, the acquisition of Unilin was the most significant strategic decision of the year and one of the most important in Mohawk’s history. Hard surface flooring continues to grow in popularity and consumers have more options from which to choose than ever before. While we continue to invest in our core carpet manufacturing business, our strategy is to ensure that no matter which flooring consumers choose – hard or soft surface – there is a Mohawk product to meet their needs. With strong positions already established in residential and commercial carpet, ceramic tile and stone, Unilin now provides Mohawk with the laminate component of what is very close to being a complete flooring portfolio of market leading products.
It is important to note the “market leading” aspect of this portfolio. There are many ways to enter a flooring category, but few ways to become a market leader in a short period of time. Just as our 2002 acquisition of Dal-Tile made Mohawk the larg- est supplier of ceramic tile, the purchase of Unilin immediately places us among the top laminate suppliers in the United States and Europe.
With Unilin, we have acquired world-class assets and strengths – among them, leading market shares in Europe, excellent growth prospects in North American distribution channels, a distinctive brand, superior technology and an experienced management team. Again, as with Dal-Tile, we
already are hard at work to capitalize on the opportunities presented by the Mohawk and Unilin combination.
Mohawk Segment Manages External Challenges
While we will remember Unilin as the single most important strategic decision in 2005, we also will remember the year as one in which we were faced with countless operating decisions to manage the challenges created by hurricanes Katrina and Rita. The disruptions to the petrochemical industry in the Gulf region were felt across our entire supply chain. From raw material shortages to freight transportation issues, nearly every aspect of our manufacturing and dis- tribution operation was put to the test. Fortunately, we were able to minimize the effects of most temporary disruptions. As expected, the storms pushed already high raw material costs even higher, in some cases as much as 50 percent. For the second consecutive year, the industry absorbed these increases in a rational manner by passing through additional price increases.
Lower consumer confidence influenced by rising heating and gasoline costs as well as higher interest rates resulted in a softening of the residential replacement market for broad- loom carpet, which accounts for over 50 percent of industry sales. Sustained demand in the new residential construc-
“There are many ways to enter a flooring category, but few ways to become a market leader in a short period of time.”

PG 20 THE RIGHT CHOICE.
  tion and commercial industry segments, along with several price increases, helped the Mohawk segment increase revenues 8 percent to $4.717 billion in 2005.
The commercial market is a bright spot in the business. Two years after our acquisition of Lees, a leader in the com- mercial market, we continue to be pleased with the position it has provided us in commercial carpet tiles. This product carries a higher average price point than broadloom carpet and is serving us well as a growth vehicle.
Another promising development in our Mohawk segment was the debut of SmartStrandTM, a proprietary technical devel- opment created through an exclusive partnership with DuPont that utilizes its Sorona® polymers. This innovative fiber tech- nology combines the durability of high-performance fibers with stain resistance that is engineered into the fiber to provide new levels of protections. The November retail rollout has been well received by Mohawk’s customer base and is being supported through educational material directed to retail customers’ sales staff so that they can better articulate the Sorona® advantages to consumers.
We are particularly excited that DuPontTM Sorona® will transition to a new bio-based manufacturing process during 2006. This process utilizes fermentation based on corn sugar, a renewable resource, rather than a petrochemical process. This represents a major step forward in efforts to move our industry toward “greener” production of materials and to com- bat potentially higher petrochemical prices in the future. Our partnership with DuPont demonstrates how our strong indus- try position can provide significant competitive advantages.
Mohawk Home, which offers consumers a wide variety of bath and area rugs, bedspreads, throws and doormats, has continued to develop an impressive distribution, rang- ing from big box retailers to boutique shops. Mohawk Home has chosen to exit some import categories, which had lower margins, impacting sales in 2005. The Home Division con- tinues as the industry leader in area and bath rugs.
Dal-Tile Enjoys Double-Digit Growth
Dal-Tile had another solid performance in 2005. This market leader in ceramic tile experienced strong growth in the residential builder sector, where investments in a broader product line and marketing are paying off. Robust demand in new construction, as well as a rebound in the commercial end of the market, helped push division sales up 15 percent from last year. The addition of stone products in recent years, now sold through all tile service centers and 17 stone slab locations, also is driving top-line growth for Dal-Tile.
Like Unilin and Mohawk, Dal-Tile is a vertically inte- grated operation, which presents additional opportunities for profitable growth. By the end of 2006, Dal-Tile will realize approximately 20 percent more manufacturing capacity through the expansion of its plants in Mexico and Oklahoma.
“SmartStrandTM with DuPontTM Sorona® polymer is one of the most innovative technologies in many years.”
This increase in capacity will lead to greater manufacturing flexibility, higher inventory turns and increased margins. We intend to continue upgrading the ceramic product mix and will be manufacturing more value-added ceramic lines that sell at higher price points.
Past Performance and Future Prospects Are Solid
Though there was no shortage of external challenges in 2005, the Company’s consolidated performance remained solid. Net sales for the year grew 13 percent to $6.620 billion primarily as a result of the Unilin acquisition, internal growth and price increases. Diluted earnings per share were $5.30 in 2005, or $5.63 after adjusting to exclude a non-recurring fair value inventory adjustment of $34.3 million (before taxes) related to the Unilin acquisition. The adjusted earnings per

PG 21 THE RIGHT CHOICE.
  share represent a three percent increase over earnings per share in 2004. In addition, our earnings were negatively impacted by LIFO inventory charges of approximately $45.0 million during 2005.
Our expectation is that raw material costs should stabilize in 2006. We will continue to manage these with our retail partners. The expansion of our fiber extrusion and yarn conversion capabilities will provide increased capacity and flexibility to satisfy requirements for both nylon and polyester fiber.
Technology investments, such as our new Real Time Visibility (RTV) software program for residential carpet and hardwood retailers, will provide our customers with improved delivery information and inventory management. This year, Mohawk rolled out a new Corporate Environmental Policy, which refines standards for continuous improvement in all areas of environmental stewardship, including the respon- sible use of raw materials and natural resources, as well as processes at our facilities that can reduce the environmental impact of our activities in communities where we operate.
Our biggest priority in the coming year, however, will be on the top line, where we intend to capitalize on the substantial opportunities before us. We remain optimistic about the market for commercial carpet, and we are positioned to deliver value and service as we capture an even larger percentage of this category. Through print and electronic advertising, consumer awareness of our residential carpet line has increased. We also are helping our customers’ sales associates offer better advice to consumers through training programs offered by Mohawk University. Look for more growth from all of our hard
“Our industry enjoys recurring demand, a diversified customer base, consolidated manufacturing and limited foreign competition.”
surface products, led by the expansion of Unilin’s business in North America. Dal-Tile will build upon the momentum in its business to add more sales service centers, introduce new products and grow its natural stone business.
Mohawk Continues to Be the Right Choice
We believe Mohawk remains the right choice for investors seeking a market leader in an industry with attractive pros- pects, namely recurring demand, a diversified customer base, consolidated manufacturing and limited foreign competition, relative to many other industries. Always an essential part of any space, flooring’s great range of materials today – carpet, ceramic, laminate, wood – have made it a popular decorating vehicle in an age when interest in remodeling is at a high level. Remodeling expenditures constitute a significant part of all construction spending and represent more than 2 percent of the total U.S. economy.
Within this industry, Mohawk presents a compelling case. Our broadloom carpet business provides a strong market foundation. The success of our Dal-Tile acquisition has made us the leader in ceramic tile and stone and the recent Unilin purchase positions us perfectly to claim a leading share in the growing laminate category. We have relationships with over 30,000 customers. Our manufactur- ing and distribution infrastructure is second to none. And, growing sales provide increasing leverage to these fixed assets. For all these reasons and more, we are confident that we will continue to reward you for making Mohawk the right choice as an investment.
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 30, 2006
 