dear stockholders
During 1999,Mohawk continued to outpace the industry in top-line and bottom-line growth.We achieved these excellent results by offering the widest array of products and price points in our industry. We serve our customers in innovative ways, continuously improve our infrastruc- ture and adhere to time-tested strategies for delivering stockholder value. If Mohawk’s past is any indication, our future will be full of
new opportunities.
Strength in Numbers A 12% increase in net sales to $3.1 billion in 1999 contributed to the highest diluted earnings per share in Mohawk’s history—$2.61 per share,or $157.2 million in net earnings.This repre- sents a 23% increase over 1998’s diluted earnings per share of $2.13 before nonrecurring items, or $130.5 million in net earnings. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales improved from 1998’s 24.8% to 25.2% in 1999. Operating income before nonrecurring items as a percentage of net sales improved from 9.1% in 1998 to 9.6% in 1999. Our return on equity before nonrecurring items increased from 23.6% in 1998 to 24.1% in 1999.
We accomplished our continued strong revenue growth through a combination of internal growth and acquisitions, and far exceeded the industry’s 3% increase. As a result, Mohawk again gained market share.
This impressive performance failed to boost the Company’s share price, as the stock market appears to favor some industry sectors over others. Given our share price attractiveness, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 10 million shares of Mohawk com- mon stock.This share repurchase program demonstrates our belief in the Company’s future and our expectations for continued growth and earnings.We anticipate an increase in share price when investors return to the value sector of the market.
Although many investors failed to recognize our financial accom- plishments in 1999, the financial press did. In February 2000, Fortune named Mohawk as one of “America’s Most Admired Companies.” In January 2000, Forbes placed us on its “Platinum 400” list of exceptional big corporations. In 1999, The Atlanta Journal ranked Mohawk the fifth- best Georgia corporation.
Strategies that Work Our basic strategies for growth remain unchanged: (1) to grow internally through strong marketing, merchandising and edu- cational support coupled with product line expansion and (2) to grow externally through acquisitions that leverage our powerful infrastructure. In 1999, we complemented our internal growth with two outstanding acquisitions —the assets of Image Industries, Inc. and Durkan Patterned Carpets, Inc. Image is a leading postconsumer bottle recycler and manu- facturer of polyester residential carpet. Image’s state-of-the-art recycling
“We have uniquely positioned Mohawk Industries to recognize and seize opportunities as they arise. Mohawk has the financial strength, the infrastructure, the knowledge and the leadership to turn potential into profit.”
 David L. Kolb, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, with one of our new Martha Stewart throws.
  
and production technologies enhance Mohawk’s low-cost producer position in staple yarn products and give us a market leadership position in the polyester product category.
Durkan is a leading supplier of custom commercial carpet to the hospitality market. Acquiring Durkan strengthens our commercial prod- uct offerings and adds the latest design and printing technology to Mohawk’s manufacturing strengths.
These acquisitions exemplify our market strategy —to enter seg- ments or niches with growth and synergy potential that complements or expands our product line.Two recently added hard surface products, Mohawk Laminate flooring and Mohawk Ceramic tile, fit this strategy. Their significant growth has led us to offer new styles and SKUs. We are also excited about our newly introduced Mohawk Hardwood flooring products. Both carpet padding and Mohawk Commercial carpet tiles posted substantial gains.
Last year, we focused on getting the maximum value from our brands. We strengthened Karastan’s position at the high end of the market, and then heavily promoted the Mohawk brand to the mass market. Our goal is to make Mohawk the overall brand of choice among our dealers and consumers.
We also realigned the Company into five product categories dedicated to marketing and retail channels: rug and textile, residential, specified commercial, hospitality and Karastan. This enables us to focus more effectively on the needs of each of our customers.
Structural Integrity At Mohawk, continually improving our infrastructure enhances our low-cost position and strengthens relationships with our customers. The design and implementation of our leading-edge, real-time information system unified our operations. Our processes for integrating acquisitions have allowed us to take immediate advantage of synergies
and cost savings.
During 1999, we significantly expanded our fiber extrusion capa-
bilities to support new and existing product categories. New facilities and equipment increase the Company’s filament and staple yarn processing
capacity, and we bought new dyeing equipment to further consolidate our residential manufacturing operations and improve costs.
An expanded warehouse system accommodates the higher volume produced by our acquisitions and our growth in the hard surfaces busi- ness. As we added space, trucks and people, we improved the automation of our distribution system to give us more accurate information faster.
In 1999, we began to tap the power of the Internet to assist our cus- tomers, and we will expand this effort in 2000. Mohawk tested programs on our proprietary business-to-business (B2B) website to provide cus- tomers with key information about shipping, delivery, claims and credit. This resource also provides immediate information and feedback to our sales and marketing staffs.
Tomorrow’s Forecast In our business, there are many variables we cannot control. Industry dynamics, however, appear to favor continued growth. Consolidation has increased the professionalism of our industry’s top companies, leading to improved stockholder value and a positive outlook.
Demographics remain favorable as baby boomers mature and prosper. The strong U.S. economy creates a large amount of discretion- ary income, offering tremendous potential for our industry. Retailers are moving from a focus on price to selling features and benefits.This translates into increased demand for higher-quality products and better margins at all levels.
Mohawk has established the foundation for a successful future. We provide a high level of service to a large, strong customer base. We own well-integrated, state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities and a distribution system second to none. Our acquisitions have contributed to the strength and depth of our management team and employees. Our new marketing initiatives support a continually broadening product line. With all these advantages in place, we remain confident that we possess the people,
the manufacturing capabilities, the marketing strategies, the distribu-
tion network and the brand awareness to take advantage of the many opportunities that lie ahead.
David L. Kolb, Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer
    Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum,
President and Chief Operating Officer,
with one of our Karastan tea-washed rugs.
  