The total flooring company
  To Our Shareholders:
During the past decade, Mohawk has pursued a purposeful diversification strategy that has extended our business across the floor covering industry into new categories, distribution channels, customer segments and geographies. The resulting balanced business model has produced a strong and diversified company with the ability to manage successfully through cyclical industry downturns. In spite of very difficult industry conditions during 2007, Mohawk was still able to deliver a solid financial performance and move forward on important strategic initiatives.
The U.S. flooring industry was impacted in 2007 by an economy slowed by tightening credit markets, low consumer confidence, declining new home construction and falling prices for existing homes. Continued high-energy prices and raw material costs placed additional pressures on the flooring industry. As a result, all flooring categories, both hard and soft surface, experienced low demand in the new construction and residential replacement segments of the market.
Mohawk’s well-balanced portfolio of businesses allowed us to focus our resources on pockets of opportunity in this challenging climate. For example, our acquisition of Unilin two years ago provided us with a strong and growing presence in Europe. Though it represents only 20 percent of overall sales, this presence and a strong European economy partially offset weaknesses in the North American market. Our performance also was aided by solid demand in the U.S. commercial market and, within the residential replacement market, reasonably strong demand for multi-family and premium products.
Despite the challenges facing the flooring industry, Mohawk recorded net sales for fiscal year 2007 of $7.6 billion. Although net sales declined from $7.9 billion in 2006, earnings in 2007 were strong at $706.8 million, or $10.32 per share, compared to $455.8 million, or $6.70 per share, in 2006.
“We define success during these periods as the ability to deliver sound financial results, while maintaining the level of investment required to keep our brands competitive.”
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 6 Mohawk Industries, Inc. 2007 Annual Report

Managing a Challenging Environment
Throughout 2007, each of our business segments implemented proactive measures to improve our results in a challenging market. These businesses also strived to maintain a proper balance between reducing SG&A, manufacturing and distri- bution costs, and investing to maintain competitive market strengths and capitalize on growth opportunities. The Mohawk segment, for instance, closed three manufacturing facilities and exited the flat weaving selling channel. At the same time, the Mohawk segment accelerated new product introductions and focused resources in better-performing areas, such
as the higher-end residential replacement, multi-family and commercial market selling channels.
Many of these same dynamics were at play in our Dal-Tile segment. Demand in the commercial and higher-end residential channels helped to offset a weaker residential market. Dal-Tile continues to grow by focusing on premium products and the creation of new product lines, such as outdoor living products.
“Our ability to fund expansion reflects the healthy level of cash that our businesses generate.”
Our acquisition of Columbia in 2007 has expanded Mohawk’s capabilities in hardwood flooring.
During the year, we also invested in Dal-Tile’s sales capabilities by opening additional product galleries, remodeling existing ones and realigning its sales structure to better serve customers. On the cost side, Dal-Tile closed one ceramic manufacturing facility and decreased its mix of sourced products.
Though not immune from the weak residential market in the U.S., our Unilin segment remains a very strong performer, and our Quick-Step brand continues to solidify its position as a premium brand in the category. We are expanding the Thomasville facility to increase manufacturing capacity by 100 million square feet of laminate per year to reduce our need to import products and in anticipation of continued growth in the U.S. market. In Europe, the Unilin business includes the flooring products category and the roofing systems and other wood products category, each of which showed positive sales increases during the year.
Focusing on Long-Term Objectives
Though the current U.S. economic climate is challenging, it is by no means the first downturn Mohawk has experienced. Indeed, periodic downturns are part of the cyclical nature of many established industries. Successful companies must manage through such conditions with a focus on both short- and long- term goals. We define success during these periods as the ability to deliver sound financial results while maintaining the level of investment required to keep our brands competitive and to further the Company’s long-term strategic objectives.
Our acquisition of four pre-finished hardwood flooring plants and the Columbia and Century hardwood brands
in 2007 is another significant step in the long-term strategic plan to build a total flooring company. As a result of this $147 million purchase, Mohawk is now vertically integrated in each of the carpet, tile, laminate and hardwood catego- ries in the U.S. We also are now the second-largest producer in the pre-finished wood category, which has seen significant growth. Integration of the Columbia business, the results of which are reported as part of the Unilin segment, is well under way.
The total flooring company
   Mohawk Industries, Inc. 2007 Annual Report 7

The total flooring company
     Higher-end residential replacement has been one of the better performing areas of the market for our Mohawk segment.
Our expectation is that Columbia will realize significant operational improvements as a part of Mohawk, as has been the case with our past acquisitions. We intend to invest in the Columbia manufacturing facilities to realize new efficiencies and to elevate quality standards. Some of these efficiencies will reflect greater asset utilization as we begin producing Mohawk-branded hardwood in these plants rather than sourcing through third parties. Columbia will also gain wider distribution through Mohawk’s extensive retail relationships, vast distribution and logistics network, and expansion into new channels of distribution.
At Mohawk, growth is a continuous process, never a completed task. In this spirit, we continue to look for other opportunities – both through acquisition and internal growth – that will profitably broaden our manufacturing, distribution and marketing capabilities, our product portfolio and our geographic reach. During the past year, for instance, Unilin has increased its presence in Eastern Europe and Russia, where expanding economies are driving increased consumer demand for new and innovative flooring products. This expansion is in line with our increasingly global view of Mohawk’s future.
Our ability to fund expansion reflects the healthy level of cash that our businesses generate. For the year, we had cash flow from operations of $875 million, we reduced our debt by $534 million, and we maintained a strong balance sheet. At year-end, our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 33 percent, down from 55 percent just over two years ago at the time of the Unilin acquisition.
Capitalizing on The Total Flooring Company
As we enter 2008, we still face challenges in the U.S. residential market and in the cost of raw materials and energy. As we weather this downturn, we continue our intense focus on cost containment and on opportunities in areas of the market that show strength.
Mohawk is successfully positioned to withstand the volatility of current economic conditions without sacrificing long-term strategic objectives. We will build upon our strengths as we further expand our industry leadership position in North America and seek new geographic markets where we can replicate our success. We have built the total flooring company, but we are far from finished using it to create many more opportunities and rewards for our shareholders, our customers and our employees.
Sincerely,
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer April 7, 2008
 8 Mohawk Industries, Inc. 2007 Annual Report
