Letter to Stockholders
 Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Adversity always creates its own set of opportunities. Our challenge during the past three years has been to make the best of what arguably was the worst environment in the history of the flooring industry. Mohawk is meeting this challenge and in the process will emerge with renewed strength.
Today, Mohawk is a more efficient business and a stronger competitor than it was three years ago. Though market uncertainties remain as we enter 2010, our shareholders can be certain that Mohawk is in a solid position to capitalize fully on the opportunities that an improving market will offer.
Weak Demand Impacts Results
The decline that began in 2006 accelerated in 2009 as home sales, business investment, consumer discretionary spending and other key industry drivers were all sharply negative. Across Europe, conditions mirrored those in the U.S. with similar economic constraints affecting consumer decisions.
The residential replacement sector – our largest end-market – also continued to decline during 2009 as falling home prices and dis- cretionary income prompted homeowners to postpone major remodeling projects. By the close of 2009, however, both home sales and consumer confidence showed improvement, metrics that historically have preceded increased invest- ments in remodeling and flooring purchases.
2
MOHAWK INDUSTRIES, INC. | 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

Our best analysis indicates that the decline in the residential market is stabilizing, and we look forward to the resumption of industry growth.
Though commercial markets had helped mitigate residential weakness somewhat in recent years, commercial demand fell signifi- cantly in 2009. Commercial remodeling was delayed and relatively few new projects were started as corporations maintained tight controls on spending. Over the near term there is likely to be further contractions in the commercial sector. Current forecasts suggest that a recovery in this market is not likely to occur before 2011.
Our financial results, while reflecting the challenging environment, were favorably impacted by our ability to manage our business through this period. Mohawk recorded net sales of $5.3 bil- lion for 2009, compared to $6.8 billion in 2008. Operating income for 2009 was $301 millon before and $44 million after charges for restruc- turing, unusually high raw material costs in the latter part of 2008 flowing through our cost of sales in the first part of 2009, and discontinued carpet tile products.*
Gross margin benefited from lower freight costs, cost-containment measures, workforce reductions and plant consolidations. As 2009 drew to a close, raw material costs began to move upward, which resulted in the announce- ment of price increases to recover the rising costs of chemicals and other raw materials.
Mohawk’s balance sheet at the end of 2009 remained a source of strength in this challenging environment. We enjoyed ample liquidity with more than $500 million in cash and excellent borrowing flexibility through our new $600 mil- lion bank facility. Over the past four years, we have reduced debt by $1.6 billion. The Company generated significant cash from operations in 2009, with operating cash flow for the year of $672 million, or 13 percent of net sales.
Initiatives Optimize Assets
Increased productivity is an opportunity that we have realized during this prolonged economic downturn. In 2009, we made difficult but neces- sary decisions to drive more efficiencies throughout the enterprise. We reduced selling, general and administrative expense by $130 million from the prior year through a number of measures that included reducing company-wide headcount by 12 percent, limiting inventory and eliminating 4 million square feet by both cutting warehousing and shuttering multiple manufacturing facilities. This transition to a leaner, lower-cost structure will enable Mohawk to emerge in a stronger position when the economy improves.
The Company’s position will be further enhanced by targeted investments designed to optimize our operations and sales efforts. These investments include additional capacity to serve new geographic areas and investments needed to support new products. We also are installing
3
MOHAWK INDUSTRIES, INC. | 2009 ANNUAL REPORT
* See page 24 for Non-GAAP Reconciliation

Letter to Stockholders (continued)
 $672
Million oPeraTing cash flow
 26
PercenT neT debT-To-caPiTal raTio*
 $1.6
billion 4-year debT reducTion
new systems that will better manage product distribution, customer relationships and our sales force.
I am also pleased that we are achieving considerable progress in reducing costs and improving service by further sharing our dis- tribution and transportation infrastructure across our North American business units. This work is allowing us to reduce the number of warehouse facilities, reduce transportation costs and improve service to our customers. With a much leaner cost structure in place, we expect to realize positive leverage during eco- nomic recovery as higher-unit volumes are spread across a smaller base of fixed assets.
New tactics and vehicles to grow market penetration and share were also among the opportunities that Mohawk emphasized during 2009. In this effort, our business achieved progress during 2009.
Strategic Plans Underscore Opportunity
Though challenging economic circumstances
have demanded much of our attention in recent years, we have balanced short-term tactical decisions with longer-term strategic planning. During the past decade, we successfully real- ized our goal to build leading market positions across all major flooring categories in North America. Going forward, we are focused on multiple initiatives intended to drive growth well into the next decade.
These initiatives include extending our footprint into new geographic markets and expanding our participation in selective flooring categories and distribution channels in existing markets, such as an increased focus on laminate in the Do-It-Yourself (DIY) retail channel. A com- mitment to new product and technological inno- vation will continue to be a key differentiator for Mohawk. We demonstrated this innovation with products such as our proprietary SmartStrandTM carpet, made from triexta fiber, for customers seeking a premium product and the EverStrandTM soft polyester carpet for the more price-conscious customers. In addition, our new ceramic tile
* See page 24 for Non-GAAP Reconciliation
4
MOHAWK INDUSTRIES, INC. | 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

product utilizing a patented installation system that allows the tiles to be clicked together without using grout is being marketed on a limited basis. In laminates, a new edging process that creates more realistic visuals and patented scratch protec- tion has been added to our product line. We also are building additional market share through enhanced customer experiences and more respon- sive service.
Sustainability is another important part of our future. Our emphasis on environmentally friendly products and operational processes has never been greater. This effort realized several important benchmarks in 2009 as we created an enterprise-level sustainability func- tion and named William Kilbride our chief sustainability officer.
These measures reflect not only our corporate commitment to protect and preserve natural resources, but also our customers’ increased demand for sustainable products in today’s marketplace, both domestically and internationally. Our intense commitment to sustainability is both a core competitive strategy and a positive force within our Company.
Notwithstanding the difficult market conditions of the past three years, our long- term strategic investments are an affirmation of our confidence in the future of the flooring industry. Domestically, it is clear that growth in population and number of households will con- tinue to create housing demand. Sales of new and
existing homes, which can also spur remodeling projects, present a sales opportunity for the full range of Mohawk products.
Favorable trends such as these will impact the largest market we serve – residential replace- ment. America’s housing stock is aging, baby boomers are in the prime remodeling years and softening real estate values are influencing residents to remain in their homes longer. If the past is a guide, the strongest growth in the flooring industry will come in the aftermath of a recession as pent-up demand is unleashed.
While we cannot predict the timing or velocity of economic recovery, we are confident that all the market sectors we reach will strengthen and grow in the future. When that occurs, the leaner, more technologically advanced and more sus- tainable Mohawk we are building today will be ideally positioned to flourish.
To all of our stakeholders – stockholders, customers, suppliers and employees – we con- tinue to appreciate your confidence and support, which equip us to make the most of every opportunity in challenging times, and in the more rewarding ones to come.
Sincerely,
Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 5
MOHAWK INDUSTRIES, INC. | 2009 ANNUAL REPORT
