  Opportunities for expansion and growth are available and Mohawk is positioned to seize them. For the past decade, we have expanded our product offerings and enlarged our production and sales capacity through acquisitions and organic growth. In 2000, Mohawk was largely focused on manufacturing and distributing carpet in the United States. Today, Mohawk is the largest flooring company in the world, competing across multiple product categories on three continents. During the past ten years, we capitalized on one of the longest sustained housing booms and then weathered one of the worst economic downturns in history.
The Company has significantly expanded its operations while managing through sharply contrasting business cycles. We have achieved this through the disciplined execution of our business plan, which balances market responsiveness with cost consciousness; invests in product innovations and operational improvements; and seeks out new business opportunities. During 2010, our commitment to these principles was stronger than ever as we continued to improve our profitability in challenging market conditions while pursuing initiatives focused on long-term growth.
Residential and commercial markets in the United States remained weak in 2010 with commercial improving in the fourth quarter and continuing into the beginning of 2011. The European economy regained some strength, but sales increases were accompanied by increased raw material costs that
  ToOur Shareholders
 9
   Mohawk Industries, Inc. | 2010 Annual Report

   531.5
Cash and
Cash Equivalents
$ in millions
Liquidity continues to be strong thanks to disciplined cost control and continued operational improvements.
41.9%
Net Debt to Capital*
percentage
We have reduced debt by approximately $1.8 billion over the past five years.
2.4
2.4
Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA*
Our debt coverage ratio strengthened due to further debt reduction in 2011.
     36.4% 31.4%
26.2% 25.8%
2.2
2.0
2.0
   382.2
   93.5
63.5 89.6
06 07 08 09 10
06 07 08 09 10
06 07 08 09 10
 10
tempered margin expansion. Net sales in 2010 were $5.3 billion, a slight decrease from 2009. Disciplined cost control and continued operational improvements resulted in net earnings of $185 million in 2010. Mohawk generated $320 million in net cash from operating activities during 2010.
Mohawk’s balance sheet continues to serve us well and is a key asset to support strategic investments. Our cash position and liquidity remain strong with over $500 million available in credit and cash following a $300 million bond retirement in early 2011.
The Next Era of Growth
As 2011 begins, the U.S. flooring industry decline experienced over the past several years appears to have reached its low point. The U.S. economy is predicted to grow at a modest pace, reflecting sustained improvement in consumer confidence and increased business spending. Although U.S. housing activity remains low, forecasts anticipate improvement in home sales as the market begins to move toward a normalized level. Commercial remodeling is already growing as business investment increases with higher economic growth. Commercial construction should improve as indicated by the Architectural Billing Index, which is at its highest level in three years.
Longer term, we are confident that new home construction in the U.S. will return to healthier levels. Our future outlook is a wide-ranging one that encompasses flooring markets around the globe with attractive expansion opportunities. During the past year, we have focused our thinking increasingly around five strategic imperatives that will ensure that we are positioned and ready to capitalize on available opportunities and to maximize profitability as revenue growth resumes.
     Mohawk Industries, Inc. | 2010 Annual Report

   1,125
1,079
761
06 07 08 09 10
Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA*
$ in millions
Ongoing expense control and working capital management enabled us to convert sales and revenues into strong cash flow.
*See page 15 for Non-GAAP Reconciliation
    605 631
    Develop Talent to Drive Innovation
Innovation and new product introductions have been critical to driving sales and capturing additional market share in recent years. Investments in research and development are yielding considerable success. Our SmartStrand® carpet with DuPontTM Sorona®, for example, has become the top-rated brand for customer satisfaction since its debut in 2005.
An ongoing commitment to product innovation is supported by an equally strong commitment to develop a new generation of talent that is even more responsive to marketplace needs. Accordingly, we have instituted organizational changes, added strength to our management team and implemented new professional development programs – all with a goal of sustaining and enhancing our culture of innovation and continuous improvement.
Maximize Sales in Current Geographic Markets
Product innovation is but one of several means to grow share in existing markets. During 2010, we penetrated new product categories, including manufactured stone veneer, bamboo flooring and quartz countertops. We also worked to maximize sales by ensuring that our products effectively leverage distribution channels throughout their respective markets. For example, Unilin’s laminate flooring, which has primarily been distributed through independent retailers, continues to expand its distribution through mass market, home improvement retailers in both North America and Europe.
Expand Into New High-Growth Markets
The acquisition of Unilin in 2005 not only marked our entry into manufacturing laminate flooring, but also provided us with our first
 11
    Mohawk Industries, Inc. | 2010 Annual Report

 significant exposure to markets beyond North America. Unilin has proven
to be an ideal vehicle to increase our knowledge of global operations as we move further into some of the more rapidly growing flooring markets around the world.
Unilin is broadening its own footprint by expanding into Russia. During 2010, we began construction of a production plant that is expected to be operational in 2011. This facility will support the growth of Quick-Step® laminate flooring sales in the expanding Russian laminate market.
Mexico is another attractive market in which we have had considerable experience; Dal-Tile has operated a manufacturing plant in Monterrey since 1955. The unit volume in the Mexican tile market is roughly the same as in the U.S., but it is more highly concentrated in the value segment. To meet this demand, Dal-Tile is constructing a new plant in Salamanca, near Mexico City, to supply products targeted to this much larger segment of the market. The Salamanca plant is targeted to begin production in mid-2012.
Mohawk’s international expansion took another step forward in 2010 with
an investment in Sanfi, a leading ceramic tile manufacturer in China. This investment allows us to participate in the world’s largest and fastest-growing tile market. In addition to supplying in-country product, Sanfi also provides Dal-Tile with a source of value-added products for the North American market and a base for expansion to other areas of the world.
Going forward, we will continue to explore global opportunities that allow us to invest in premier businesses and brands and retain senior management talent. Investments that enable us to source product for the U.S. and international markets, leverage our own technology and processes or provide bolt-on businesses for select markets also will be considered.
Continuous Optimization of Resources
While our first three strategic imperatives are focused on driving top-line sales, the remaining two are intended to maximize bottom-line profitability. Since the market downturn began in 2006, we have focused on aligning infrastructure with volume, optimizing productivity and increasing efficiency to mitigate margin contraction and maximize cash flows. Our efforts have resulted in improved profitability. As sales volumes begin to improve, we should be able to leverage these efforts for higher operating margins.
Often, cost reduction is the result of what simply starts as a commitment to doing the right thing. Our “Healthy Mohawk” program is a good example and one that is providing significant benefits both to the Company and to the pro- gram’s participants. After discovering that 40 percent of our U.S. employees had no primary care physician, we recognized an opportunity to make quality, affordable healthcare more accessible and to create incentives for our work- force to be as healthy as possible. We established on-site Healthy Life Centers at several major manufacturing facilities to provide services such as health risk assessments, monitoring of chronic conditions, access to healthcare coaches and free or reduced-cost prescriptions. The results have been impressive: average hospital stays for employees have trended down and costs related to several chronic conditions are down significantly. We are proud to invest in our people’s health because each day they invest in the Company’s success through their continued good work.
   12
     Mohawk Industries, Inc. | 2010 Annual Report

 FIVE STRATEGIC IMPERATIVES:
1. DEVELOP TALENT TO DRIVE INNOVATION
2. MAXIMIZE SALES IN CURRENT GEOGRAPHIC MARKETS
3. EXPAND INTO NEW HIGH-GROWTH MARKETS
4. CONTINUOUS OPTIMIZATION OF RESOURCES
5. UPGRADE AND DEVELOP SYSTEMS TO IMPROVE EXECUTION AND CUSTOMER SUPPORT
Upgrade and Develop Systems to Improve Execution and Customer Support
Advances in technology drive change that allows us to operate more efficiently and to compete more effectively. We continue to make signifi- cant investments in information technology systems across all operations, including supply chain management, human capital management, pricing and margin control, warehouse integration, transportation logistics and service center management. These state-of-the-art systems not only increase customer service and responsiveness, but also reduce our cost
of sales. Technology support extends to our network of specialty retail customers for whom we are providing enhanced product ordering, consumer marketing and other transactional automation.
Mohawk Is Ready
We are confident that Mohawk is in an excellent strategic position to begin a new era of growth. Our geographic footprint, leading brands, strong market position and operational scale will help us capitalize on the many opportunities presented by the global flooring market. Moreover, we have learned to work smarter, using fewer resources and more ingenuity. As a result, we can better ensure that new growth is more profitable growth. To our stockholders, customers, suppliers and employees, I appreciate your support for helping to bring Mohawk to this point today and for where you will help us take Mohawk in the future.
Sincerely,
 Jeffrey S. Lorberbaum
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
13
     Mohawk Industries, Inc. | 2010 Annual Report
