         Invest. Grow. Repeat.
This philosophy has served Mohawk Industries and its shareholders well for more than two decades. It’s a fundamental approach that can be applied consistently across different business segments, geographic markets and business models to
INVEST GROW
REPEAT
 spur both sales and profitability — all of which we did in 2014.
 Jeff Lorberbaum
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Our focus during the year centered on successfully integrating nearly $1.8 billion of major acquisitions completed in 2013
and investing the most in Company history in our existing businesses. We are pleased to report that, once again, this strong commitment to investment resulted in strong growth. Adjusted net earnings climbed 26 percent to $598 million, or $8.15 per share. This level of profitable growth is especially notable given that our net sales increased only 6 percent to $7.8 billion, due to the slower than expected U.S. economic recovery, a sluggish European market and a significant slowdown in the Russian economy.
The ability to generate this level of earnings growth even in the face of challenging economic circumstances underscores the formidable business structure that we have built over the past 20 years. During this time, we’ve expanded the business across nearly every major flooring category and throughout many of the world’s most important flooring markets. The consistent execution of this strategy has resulted in a diversified enterprise with a product portfolio that is unmatched in breadth and depth, and businesses that enjoy leadership positions across their respective markets and distribution channels.
Mohawk Industries, Inc. 2014 Annual Report 1

    Today, we are leveraging the respective strengths of each of these businesses to create numerous growth paths. Product groups around the world, such as ceramic in the U.S., Mexico, Europe and Russia, are sharing innovations in style and design, as well as manufacturing best practices. Product groups within the same geographic market — for example, ceramic and laminate in Europe — are identifying synergies and leveraging sales relationships in various distribution channels. And all product groups are capitalizing on cate- gory expansion opportunities where potential exists within
a given geographic market.
CAPITALIZING ON MARKET OPPORTUNITY
This multi-pronged approach to growth also helps us identify areas of strength within our existing businesses in order to guide investment decisions. To satisfy changing consumer preferences in carpet, for example, we’ve invested in innovative technologies to differentiate our products in an evolving marketplace. Today, our proprietary ContinuumTM manufacturing process is providing a portfolio of products with enhanced performance attributes and 100 percent recycled content in the fast-growing polyester category. Similarly, we have made the necessary investments to continuously evolve our exclusive SmartStrand® collection over the past decade, including the 2014 introduction of SmartStrand® Forever CleanTM with superior built-in stain protection. Other carpet investments have included upgrading our yarn-processing assets to improve quality and drive margin expansion.
The story is similar in our ceramic business, where we’ve aligned our investment dollars with the shift toward larger-size formats and ceramic planks in the U.S. market. To meet this increasing demand, we’ve installed a new production line at our Dallas ceramic manufacturing plant and begun construction on a new ceramic plant in Tennessee. These capacity expansions will support future growth in the U.S. market and free manufacturing capacity at our ceramic plants in Mexico. To more aggressively participate in the expanding Mexican market, we’re focusing investments
on providing a more complete product assortment — from value-oriented, red-body tile to premium porcelain with market-leading designs influenced by our U.S. and Italian operations — to further improve our product mix, increase average selling prices and drive margin expansion.
INTEGRATING AND STRENGTHENING NEW BUSINESSES
As we have completed more than 30 acquisitions in the past 25 years, we’ve honed our capabilities to integrate and strengthen these new businesses, which most recently have included Marazzi®, Pergo® and Spano operations in seven countries. During the past 12 months, we’ve completed the integration of Marazzi into our U.S. ceramic operations and aligned the business’ key brands for different price points and end-users. In Europe, we’ve made substantial investments to enhance Marazzi by strengthening the management team, enhancing the product portfolio, redefining sales strategies and modernizing manufacturing assets.
 Net Sales (in millions) Operating Income* (in millions)
        $834 $690
         $398
     2
*Excluding unusual items
$7,349 $5,788
$7,803
2012 2013 2014
2012 2013 2014

             We have deployed the same strategies to enhance the Pergo laminate brand as it has been integrated into our Laminate & Wood Segment in North America and Europe. Initiatives have included the consolidation of manufacturing into our state-of- the-art facility with a lower cost structure in Belgium. We also have enhanced the entire Pergo product line with upgraded styling and performance characteristics and extended the respected Pergo brand into wood flooring collections.
In addition, during 2014, we acquired a wood flooring plant in the Czech Republic, where we invested in new equipment to produce higher-value products to help grow our wood business across Europe and Russia. The Czech plant also frees capacity at our Malaysian wood operation to enable the expansion of our business in Australia and Asia as well as in New Zealand, where we acquired a wood and laminate distributor in late 2014.
EXECUTING THE STRATEGY CONSISTENTLY
Over the past two decades, our successful transformation of Mohawk from a North American carpet manufacturer into the world’s largest flooring company has been defined by consistent strategy execution and continuous investment. Accordingly, we begin 2015 with approximately $450 million committed to investments focused on product innovation, capacity expansion and productivity enhancements within our existing businesses. In addition, we have announced our intention to acquire IVC Group, a leading sheet vinyl, luxury vinyl tile (LVT) and laminate flooring manufacturer that will enhance our leadership and international presence across
all major flooring categories. IVC meets our criteria for acquisitions that enhance our market position, extend our business into new product categories and provide the opportunity for significant returns.
As the fastest-growing LVT supplier in Europe, IVC’s manufacturing expertise will enhance our investment in
a recently completed LVT manufacturing facility in Belgium, as well as support our expansion of LVT sales in North America and elsewhere through a new manufacturing facility in the U.S. Last year, the LVT flooring category grew globally around 18 percent. Since its introduction in 2006, LVT has grown to represent about 5 percent of the total U.S. flooring market and is projected to increase more than 15 percent annually through the end of the decade. We will leverage our expertise in laminate production to benefit our LVT design and operations. The product’s realistic reproduction of the graining and character of hardwood or textured stone provides a value-priced flooring option that gained quick traction in commercial applications and has since been adopted by consumers.
In addition to the acquisition of IVC, we also announced our intent in early 2015 to purchase a small Eastern European ceramic manufacturer. The company has the low-cost posi- tion in the Bulgarian and Romanian markets and, once the acquisition is integrated into our global ceramic business, we will have opportunities to enhance the product offering, upgrade the manufacturing technology and expand exports to other markets.
INVEST GROW REPEAT
 Adjusted EBITDA (in millions)/
Percentage of Net Sales* Adjusted Diluted EPS*
        $1,172 $991
      13.5%
  $677
  11.7%
   2012 2013 2014
*Excluding unusual items
Mohawk Industries, Inc. 2014 Annual Report 3
15.0%
$3.78
$8.15 $6.55
   2012 2013 2014

“Though our business grows increasingly diversified in both geography and product categories, our success remains rooted in common themes ...
Jeff Lorberbaum
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   Along with carpet, rugs, ceramic and laminate, we will add sheet vinyl and LVT to the product categories where Mohawk is positioned to enjoy leading positions in flooring markets that are among the largest in the world. Though our business grows increasingly diversified in both geography and product categories, our success remains rooted in common themes:
• Directing resources and placing the majority of operational
responsibility within our business segments, rather than at
the corporate level
• Strengthening management teams within our businesses
in order to drive superior market knowledge and flawless
strategy execution
• Focusing on continuous improvement in all aspects of
the business as we look for ways to operate better, faster, smarter and at a lower cost
The success of this philosophy is reflected in our history
of generating shareholder return — a performance we are committed to build upon as we maintain our repeated cycle of investment and growth on behalf of our shareholders. Thank you for your continued support.
Jeff Lorberbaum
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 4
“
