2006 has been another extraordinary year for Medco. We surpassed significant milestones and achieved levels of success that reflect the soundness of our strategy and the strength of our execution. This success was achieved by sustaining a relentless focus on the key drivers of our business, while evolving and expanding our products and services.
Since Medco's spin-off in 2003 and continuing through 2007, our shareholders have been the primary beneficiaries of our continuing success, realizing a cumulative return of nearly 170 percent, about three times the growth of the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average benchmarks during that same period.

Leading the way... delivering superior results

David B. Snow, Jr. Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

In 2006, Medco delivered record financial results in key performance areas:
Y Record revenues $42.5 billion, a 12 percent increase

over 2005
Y Record net income $630.2 million, inclusive of a legal

settlements charge of $99.9 million
Y Record GAAP diluted EPS $2.09, up 2 percent, inclusive

of the legal settlements charge of $0.33 per share
Y Record EBITDA1 $2.24 per adjusted prescription, up

19 percent, excluding the legal settlements charge
Y Record cash flow from operations $1.24 billion, up

To our shareholders, clients, members and employees:

19.2 percent
Y Record adjusted prescription volume 729.9 million total

prescriptions (adjusted for 90 product days supplied at mail), with 89 million prescriptions at mail (unadjusted)
Y Record generic dispensing rate 55.2 percent, up

3.7 percentage points over 2005
Y Record-low drug trend 2.8 percent, a year-over-year

reduction of nearly 50 percent 2
2

Global Reports LLC

Another important gauge of our company's strength is our performance with clients. In 2006, our client retention rate reached 97.5 percent, accounting for nearly $7 billion in renewed business. Overall, we achieved net-new sales of $3.3 billion. These results are a testament to the success of our clientcentric service teams and their ability to meet the unique needs of our Health Plans, Employers, and Government and Labor client groups. In addition to our strong core business performance, our newer businesses also performed well in 2006. Our Medicare Part D initiatives enrolled more than 1.3 million members and we became one of the nation's premier Medicare providers, ranked No. 8 in size by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ("CMS"). Accredo Health Group, Medco's specialty pharmacy segment, continued to expand its position as the nation's largest specialty drug provider, with sales of $5.4 billion in 2006. I am also pleased to report that with our strong cash flows, we are in the enviable position of having the financial flexibility to both continue to invest in innovations that deliver value to our clients and members, and to increase our share repurchase plan to $5.5 billion.

Leading the way... connecting pharmacy and health
As a major player in the healthcare industry, we are constantly exploring new ways to leverage our information, assets, and skills to improve overall wellness, while lowering the cost of care. In 2006, we completed several new collaborations. We entered into a 10-year alliance with Healthways, Inc., the industry's leading disease management program provider. The alliance will use our prescription data to more quickly and accurately identify patients-at-risk and enroll them in

next-generation integrated wellness, disease, and pharmacy management programs. We recognized the new frontier of personalized medicine and forged an agreement with the Mayo Clinic. Together we intend to conduct pharmacogenomics research tests that can more accurately predict a patient's individual response to a specific drug and dosage, leading the way to safer, more effective care and lower costs. We formed a multipronged alliance with Polymedica Corporation, a leading direct-to-consumer provider of diabetes supplies under its Liberty Medical brand. We have become the direct mail dispensing pharmacy for their members, and provide Polymedica's Medicare Part B solution to Medco clients. Medco entered into a pioneering relationship with Consumers Union, publishers of Consumer Reports magazine, to provide their Best Buy drug recommendations to our members, helping them to make better prescription drug choices in an increasingly consumer-directed healthcare environment.3 Medco was also pleased to become the largest Pharmacy Benefit Manager ("PBM") to receive certification by the HR Policy Association as a provider for its Pharmaceutical Purchasing Coalition, composed of more than 50 client organizations. This certification validates Medco as a transparent PBM and creates new client sales opportunities for the company.

Leading the way... by advancing the practice of pharmacy
Years ago, the complexity and sophistication of medical care required doctors to evolve from generalists to specialists, particularly in the treatment of complex and chronic cases. However, mainstream pharmacy practice has not followed suit, despite the fact that patients with these conditions account for 96 percent of all drug expenditures.

1 For

a definition and a reconciliation of reported net income to EBITDA, refer to page 30 of the Management's Discussion and Analysis included in this annual report.

3 The

2 This

year's drug trend incorporates, for the first time, a full complement of our Accredo specialty pharmacy drug trend and the impact of Medicare Part D on our commercial employer client base, including the direct subsidy from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS).

nonexclusive arrangement between Consumers Union and Medco is designed to provide consumers with unbiased prescription drug information in a manner that enables Consumers Union to have control not only over the editorial content of the Best Buy drugs information, but its use. In line with Consumers Union's strict noncommercial policy, there is no financial arrangement between the two companies; rather, the nonexclusive agreement has a singular goal: giving patients information so they, with their doctors, can choose the most clinically appropriate and affordable medicines.

3

Global Reports LLC

Generic Dispensing Rate
(Percent of Rxs)
55.2 51.5 46.3 43.8

Mail Rx Growth

(Unadjusted Rxs in millions)
~95.0 87.7 78.1 87.3 89.0

Specialty Pharmacy Revenue (In billions of dollars)
5.4 3.6 1.8 2.6 ~6.0

2003

2004

2005

2006

2003 2004 2005 2006 2007E

2003 2004 2005 2006 2007E

In virtually every retail pharmacy setting, a generalist pharmacist is enlisted to deal with every conceivable disease and treatment from any patient presenting a prescription, no matter how specialized the need or complex the case. Such a decades-old paradigm is no longer capable of delivering the quality of care that Americans expect and deserve. The practice of pharmacy needs to evolve from a generalist approach to a specialist approach. In 2006, Medco introduced a new, revolutionary concept to pharmacy -- our Medco Therapeutic Resource CentersTM. These centers serve the prescription and health needs of patients with chronic and/or complex conditions such as diabetes, heart disease, and others, which require more intensive or longer-term pharmacy care. Patients are assigned to the centers based on prescription, medical, and other healthcare information. These centers are staffed by specialist pharmacists who are trained and credentialed in specific conditions and are experts in the medications prescribed for treatment. The specialist pharmacists interact with patients to ensure they are knowledgeable about their drug choices and associated costs, and serve as a resource to physicians. Medco is the only PBM that has Therapeutic Resource Centers. Retail pharmacies are not in a position to replicate this advanced pharmacy model. Creating the centers requires scale -- a critical mass of patients with a particular health condition -- in order to be able to dedicate a pharmacy staff and operations to serve their unique needs. As an example, we will have 2.5 million diabetic members under active management, creating what we believe is the nation's largest single diabetes practice. The Therapeutic Resource Centers will benefit our clients and members by helping to lower cost and improve care. They will benefit Medco by further enhancing client loyalty, optimizing drug and channel mix, and increasing member satisfaction. Medco has invested 2 years and millions of dollars to reconfigure its patient care into Therapeutic Resource Centers, and by the end of 2007, all of our centers will be operational.

We hope that someday this advanced level of personalized care will be offered by all pharmacies. Until then, it's available only at Medco.

Leading the way... At the Heart of Health
More people are using prescription drugs for more reasons than ever before, a trend that will only increase as the population ages. Pharmacy has become a first line of defense in healthcare, and more people are now interacting with their pharmacists and pharmacy plans, with greater frequency, than with their physicians and medical plans. Pharmacy care is about improving health and lowering the total cost of care, not just about filling prescriptions accurately and at the lowest possible cost. At Medco, we plan to use our multiple points of pharmacy contacts with our patients as "teachable moments" -- times when we can educate our members about their choices -- pharmacy choices and healthcare choices. Educated members are better pharmacy and healthcare consumers. So, as we reflect on another extraordinary year for Medco, we take pride in our accomplishments and thank all those who contributed to and participated in our success. We also embrace the challenges and opportunities ahead in 2007, confident in our preparedness. We look forward to working collaboratively with our clients and members -- "At the Heart of Health."

Sincerely,

David B. Snow, Jr. Chairman & Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2007

4

Global Reports LLC

