 On April 21, 2007, your Corporation will celebrate its 160th anniversary, a milestone that will provide us with the opportunity to reflect on our achieve- ments and anticipate the opportunities that lie ahead. For 16 decades, M&I has been committed to not only providing its customers with exceptional products and customer service,
Our growth during the past five years has been steady and deliberate. We’ve grown by many new branches during that time – 43 of which we built from the ground up – employing a philosophy of disciplined branch expansion to guide us in evaluating new opportunities. Our Commercial Banking and Commercial Real Estate businesses have consistently
but to growing, as a corporation, carefully and profitably.
Five years ago, at the end of 2001,
Marshall & Ilsley Corporation
$1.05
M&I Common Stock Annual Dividend Paid Per Share
performed well, while maintaining excellent credit quality and minimal charge-offs. Our Wealth Management businesses have also benefited from our expansion, and as a result now provide integrated wealth management services in all our banking
markets and beyond.
Metavante Corporation has acquired 18 companies during the past five years, enabling them to both enter new markets and enhance their product lines for a customer base that has grown by over 3,000 since 2001. Metavante’s total revenue has more than dou-
To Our Shareholders
   had 244 banking locations in $0.80
Wisconsin, Arizona, Minnesota,
Florida, and Nevada with assets
of just over $27 billion. The $0.60
Corporation had recently complet-
ed key acquisitions that doubled
our Arizona presence and enabled $0.40
us to enter the Minnesota market
for the first time. These acquisi-
tions marked the beginning of a $0.20
period of significant expansion
for M&I – a time when we would
pursue opportunities in new mar- $0.00
1972
1980
1990 2000
to $1.5 billion at the end of 2006.
             kets and where we would strive to
excel, not only as a direct provider of financial services, but also as a provider
of services to other financial institutions throughout the country. It was also during this time that we began to revolutionize the way we – and our customers – do business by leveraging the opportunities offered by technological advances such as the Internet, online banking, and electronic bill payment.
2006 bled during the past five years – from $600 million at the end of 2001
Frank Menke III, managing member, Landwalker Partners, LLC; with Dennis Kuester, chairman and CEO, Marshall & Ilsley Corporation; in Sarasota,Florida. Landwalker Partners, LLC, part of the Menke Partnerships Group, is an M&I commercial real estate customer with extensive development experience in Southwest Florida. Landwalker, through its partnership with M&I, will be bringing affordably priced, workforce housing townhomes to market in North Port, Florida, located in Sarasota County.
Graph: In 2006, Marshall & Ilsley Corporation posted a dividend increase for the 34th year in a row.
three
This “aggressive conservatism” – vigorous pursuit of profitable growth and conservative risk management – has not only enabled us to succeed as a financial services provider, but has also created new opportuni- ties for our customers and employees, and added value for our shareholders.
 
  These efforts continued in 2006 and at year-end the Corporation had over $56 billion in assets – more than double the assets of just five years ago. While $10.7 billion of this growth can be directly attributed to acquisitions, $18.3 billion – almost two-thirds –
is due to our commitment to continued organic growth in market share in both our new and established markets. This is a testament to the
hard work of our M&I associates and their commitment to ensuring we are successful
in all the communities we serve.
The statistics tell an important story; however, they are not the most important measurement of our success. Instead, it is our ability to have the vision of a much larger financial institution while maintaining a community bank approach to meeting the specific needs of our key constituencies – our customers, employees, shareholders, and the community. Ultimately, M&I’s “competitive advantage” has always been, and will continue to be, its commitment to doing business according to The Golden Rule – treating others as we would want to be treated ourselves.
In December 2006, we announced Dennis will retire from his role as CEO in April 2007, but will remain chairman of the board. At that time, Mark will assume the role of CEO, in addition to serving as president. This is a natural transition in the Corporation’s history, and while a management change at many companies can signal a fundamental shift in the way they do business, at M&I, it’s business as usual.
While our business strategy will continue to evolve as it has throughout our history, we will continue to rely on the key principles of our corporate mission to ensure we are headed in the right direction. Most importantly, our customers will continue to receive the exemplary service they have come to expect.
You can be confident Marshall & Ilsley Corporation’s executive management team will position M&I well as we pursue future opportunities for profitable growth throughout the Corporation.
Sincerely,
Dennis J. Kuester Chairman and CEO
Mark F. Furlong President
   Mark Furlong, president, Marshall & Ilsley Corporation; and Leyton Woolf, owner, Woolf Roses, L.L.C.; on location at the Woolf rose farm in Waddell, Arizona. Woolf Family Enterprises, which includes the cultivation of roses, cotton, tomatoes, pecans, and wheat, with farms in Arizona and California, has been an M&I customer for 40 years.
f ive
