To Our Shareholders
When Samuel Marshall and Charles Ilsley founded Marshall & Ilsley over 153 years ago,
it was clear that merely offering financial products and services would not alone ensure their success. They recognized they must also excel in offering those products and services in unique and innovative ways, while providing an unparalleled level of service, with a high degree of respect, integrity and honesty. In doing so, they set themselves apart in the emerging banking industry and their business prospered.
Today, M&I continues to differentiate itself in the marketplace by anticipating the products and services its customers will want, expanding its delivery channels, and providing the outstanding customer service and support for which M&I is known.
Throughout 2000, Marshall & Ilsley Corporation was able to create opportunities for itself that
both strengthened the Corporation and positioned it well for future growth. We ended the year with $26 billion in assets. Operating earnings were $362 million. Operating earnings per share were $3.32, an increase of 5.7 percent over the prior year. Although we were disappointed in our earnings, after three consecutive years of 13 percent-plus earnings per share growth, we believe your Company has created a solid base for a successful future.
M&I has a strong reputation for providing high quality products and exceptional service. As a result, M&I customers have high expectations. We have a history of working hard to meet those expectations, and in 2000 we continued that tradition. Our customers received world-class service through our ISO9002-certified multi-media support center. We also enhanced our online products for the growing number of individuals who choose to manage their finances from home or the office. Over 45,000 customers currently use our online banking services, with more than 2,000 new customers signing up each month. In addition, we began to bring our M&I banks under a single charter, enabling our customers to more conveniently bank at any of our over 200 locations in Wisconsin, Arizona, Florida and Nevada. This will facilitate future growth and produce significant cost savings, but not at the expense of maintaining our strong community bank focus.
We continue to hold a strong presence in the markets we serve. In Wisconsin, we currently provide services to 32 percent of all households. Money market index deposits are growing at an annual rate in excess of 14 percent in Wisconsin and at a rate of 26 percent in our Arizona market.
MARSHALL & ILSLEY CORPORATION
   2
Brought to you by Global Reports

Wealth management has also become a significant source of growth for M&I. Our Private Banking offices in Wisconsin, Arizona and Florida provide customers with the services they need to manage the wealth they have acquired. By having a single contact source, our Private Banking customers have convenient access to all of the services they need, from banking to trust and investment management.
Whether our retail customers are just beginning to plan for their financial futures or enjoying retirement, we are committed to providing them with the personal attention they deserve, with a high level of regard for their privacy. Our goal is to always ensure our customers’ finances are treated with confidentiality and respect.
M&I’s retail strength is now being recognized by other financial and non-financial companies, giving M&I the opportunity to outsource its products to companies interested in offering financial services to their own customers. In April, we announced an agreement to provide full banking services to AAA members through a variety of distribution channels, including the Internet. This unique private-label banking service, created and supported by M&I Bank FSB, M&I Support Services Corp. and Metavante Corporation,
has the potential to reach the 40 million
U.S. members of AAA. These outsourcing opportunities are allowing us to expand
beyond our traditional markets, giving M&I
a unique advantage.
  Brought to you by Global Reports
Dennis J. Kuester
President
Marshall & Ilsley Corporation
President
M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank
Chairman of the Board
Metavante Corporation
James B. Wigdale
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Marshall & Ilsley Corporation
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank
2000 Summary Annual Report 3

 Mortgagebot, which was initially created to provide mortgage loan services directly to consumers via the Internet, has evolved into another significant outsourcing opportunity for M&I. This private-branded product gives other financial institutions the opportunity to provide their customers with the most comprehensive suite of mortgage products and services available in the market today.
Our commercial banking area also continues to grow as we attract new customers and
retain our current customers by providing them with superior service. Our comprehensive Web-based commercial banking product, treasury management and commercial loan services continue to provide our commercial customers with the tools they need to be successful in the marketplace.
M&I’s trust companies experienced solid growth in 2000. Our commercial trust area had
a record new business year, with gross revenue up over 15 percent from 1999. Increased profitability of new business sales fueled this significant growth. M&I, one of the five largest bank-affiliated providers of defined contribution plans in the country, now serves more than 1,000 business clients through its commercial trust services, and performs record-keeping services for over 300,000 retirement plan participants.
The Marshall Asset Allocation Program (MAAP), which enables investors to choose a diversified portfolio of funds based on risk level, has become an attractive choice in 401(k) plans, as well as for other individual investments. The program has an excellent five-year track record, with current investments in excess of
$900 million.
Our Tax Efficient Portfolio (TEP) product, which closely tracks the S&P 500 and has the ability to produce significant tax advantages, has had a strong start since it was introduced over a year ago. We continue to broaden our customer base for this popular product.
The institutional classes of our international and money market funds continue to grow as we attract large institutional investors. The International Institutional Fund, launched in July 1999, now has over $140 million in assets and the Money Market Institutional Fund, launched a year ago, has more than $330 million in assets. We expect these products to continue to gain momentum in the coming year.
MARSHALL & ILSLEY CORPORATION
          4
Brought to you by Global Reports

 In July, we announced plans to change the name of our M&I Data Services division to Metavante Corporation. This move helped establish Metavante as an independent entity, providing it with an identity that more accurately reflects the company’s technology-focused business. It also better positions the e-commerce and data processing leader for future growth. Metavante Corporation’s client base now exceeds 3,000.
Throughout 2000, Metavante continued aggressive internal investment in research and development exceeding $130 million. In addition, strategic investments in software firms were made to support this growth strategy.
Although the declining stock market prevented us from proceeding with an initial public offering of Metavante Corporation stock last fall, we continue to explore how to best position Metavante Corporation for the future.
Our goals for the Corporation are straightforward, but reinforce the strong commitment we have to making solid decisions that benefit our customers, employees and shareholders.
First, we strive to bring additional value to the markets we already serve. We do this by introducing our current customers to new and existing products that may benefit them as their financial landscape changes.
Second, we seek to take the additional value we provide our existing customers and offer it to new markets as well, whether they be in a traditional bricks-and-mortar establishment, or in the point-and-click world of the Internet.
We do that in a variety of ways. We expand our current operations by opening new branches. We make acquisitions that make good sense for the Corporation. We take the opportunity to reach millions of people worldwide by offering our services on the Internet. And, we market our products to other companies that want to offer financial services to their customers.
When M&I was founded over 153 years ago, it was with the intent of offering reliable banking services with a high level of integrity and respect. We still operate under that philosophy today. We provide our customers with the products and services they need to achieve their goals, and work hard to meet their needs with the same commitment to excellence that earned their business in the first place.
Marshall & Ilsley Corporation is positioned well for the coming year. 2001 is sure to bring with it many new opportunities for the Corporation, our customers, employees and shareholders.
Sincerely,
James B. Wigdale
Chairman
   Brought to you by Global Reports
2000 Summary Annual Report 5
