                                        To Our Shareholders
 Marshall & Ilsley Corporation had an outstanding year in 2004. Your Corporation addressed the challenge of an economy that may not have been as robust as we would have liked, posting solid gains, increasing market share, and expanding in new markets. We ended the year with over $40 billion in assets, with significant progress to report in our Commercial Banking division, Community Banking division, Wealth Management, the Financial Institutions Group, and within Metavante Corporation.
Our bank and trust business lines continue to drive our earnings and are
still the mainstay of our business. Once again, M&I not only maintained
but increased our leading market share in the state of Wisconsin, with
196 banking offices at the end of 2004. In the past four years, we’ve
more than doubled the number of offices in Arizona, ending the year
with 34. We also had 12 offices in the Minneapolis/St. Paul region, seven
offices in the St. Louis area, two offices on the west coast of Florida, and
one office in Las Vegas, Nevada. A year-long emphasis on further aligning our wealth management busi- nesses has resulted in our high-net-worth customers receiving customized, integrated service through our trust services, private banking services, asset management, and brokerage and insurance services.
Our Commercial Banking division experienced sizable market share gains in Wisconsin and outlying markets, and we continue to look to those markets for considerable growth opportunities. In addition, the Financial Institutions Group (FIG) continued to make the most of cross-selling to financial institutions in all 50 states.
Our growth at Metavante Corporation was fueled by the strategic acquisitions that began in the fall of 2003. Through these acquisitions, Metavante enhanced its product line and expanded its customer base, providing valuable new business opportunities nationwide.
two
  
                                         James Wigdale, Chairman of the Board, retired, Marshall & Ilsley Corporation; Dennis Kuester, Chairman of the Board, President and CEO, Marshall & Ilsley Corporation; Mark Furlong, Executive Vice President, Marshall & Ilsley Corporation, and President, M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank.

                                         All of these successes assisted us in building shareholder value, a commitment that has been foremost throughout our history. In April 2004, we were pleased to celebrate our thirty-second annual dividend increase, further evidence of M&I as an investment that has consistently rewarded our shareholders with solid returns and performance.
Our success in 2004 is a credit to all of our more than 13,000 M&I associates. We would not have achieved our goals without them. We thank them for their expertise, hard work, and dedication.
James B. Wigdale
Chairman of the Board, retired, Marshall & Ilsley Corporation
Dennis J. Kuester
Chairman of the Board, President and CEO, Marshall & Ilsley Corporation
Mark F. Furlong
Executive Vice President, Marshall & Ilsley Corporation President, M&I Marshall & Ilsley Bank
four
    