 Dennis Kuester, chairman, and Mark Furlong, president and CEO
To Our Shareholders
On April 21, 2007, Marshall & Ilsley Corporation commemorated its 160th year. This anniversary provided us with
the opportunity to celebrate not only 16 decades of growth and service to our customers, but also our ability to remain
independent in the highly competitive financial services industry. The marking
of this milestone underscored the fact that, throughout our history, the Corporation’s solid foundation has enabled M&I to stay focused on what matters – our customers, employees, shareholders, and the commu- nities we serve – not only during the good times but during difficult times as well.
2007 was a challenging year; however, we were fortunate to celebrate many positive milestones that reinforce M&I’s strength as a nationally respected financial institution.
Early in the year, we announced several key acquisitions, and by mid-year we
completed the acquisitions of North Star Financial Corporation, Excel Bank Corporation,
and United Heritage Bankshares, enabling us to significantly enhance our Wealth
Management businesses and our presence in the Florida and Minnesota markets.
We also announced the acquisition of
Indianapolis-based First Indiana Corpora- tion, a transaction that closed in January
2008 and provided us with the opportunity to expand our banking franchise into
another growth market and support our existing Wealth Management presence.
 Samuel Marshall establishes Samuel Marshall Exchange Brokers in one half of a cobbler shop in Milwaukee
    1847

We were very fortunate to welcome many new, talented associates as a result of these acquisitions. Their expertise has been very valuable in introducing our new customers to the M&I family as we expand in existing markets and enter new markets for the first time.
In April we announced our intention
to separate M&I and Metavante Corporation into two independent companies. When the transaction
was finalized in November, it provided both companies with substantial benefits and gave them the opportunity to focus on core businesses and grow profitably through enhanced capital flexibility. In fact, the $1.7 billion M&I received through this transaction
has helped M&I become one of the best-capitalized banks in the country. These funds will enable us to further invest in our existing franchise, explore acquisition opportunities in new markets and in our Wealth Management busi- nesses, and to return excess capital
to our shareholders through share repurchase. In addition, we hope
the separation will provide our share- holders with a profitable opportunity to benefit from the successes of both companies.
M&I Wealth Management experienced several significant milestones during
the year, with assets under administra- tion growing to $106 billion and assets under management reaching $26 billion.
In addition, M&I Institutional Trust Services was ranked the No. 1 Best-in- Class Provider and received 67 Best-in- Class awards based on the results of a survey conducted by PLANSPONSOR magazine, a nationally respected publication for plan sponsor providers.
For the financial services industry, the year was not without its challenges, and M&I was not immune to the effect of issues faced by the industry, including the overall deterioration of the real estate market.
Looking ahead, we remain committed to our real estate businesses, both commer- cial and residential, and are dedicated to working with our customers to help them through this difficult time.
As we begin a new year, we do so know- ing that, while we may be faced with new challenges, we will also have the oppor- tunity to reach many new milestones for the Corporation. Our strategy remains the same. We will continue to invest in our franchise by implementing state-of-the- art systems, enhancing existing prod- ucts, building new branches, and hiring exceptional people who will take excellent care of our customers. We will continue to expand into new markets for both our banking and wealth management busi- nesses, including high-growth markets that present accelerated growth opportu- nities and markets with a smaller share of the market and slower overall growth pro- file, but where we can compete effectively and acquire share from larger competitors. We will continue to make our commit- ment to the communities we serve a top priority. And we will, as always, respect the investment our shareholders have made in Marshall & Ilsley Corporation – an invest- ment that represents the trust you have placed in us to make decisions based on the core principles of our corporate mis- sion statement – as we have for 160 years.
Dennis J. Kuester Mark F. Furlong Chairman President and CEO
  $1.20 $1.00
$0.80
$0.60
$0.40
$0.20
$0.00
1972 1980
M&I Common Stock M&I Common Stock
Annual Dividend Paid Per Share Annual Dividend Paid Per Share
      However, while our year-end results were not as good as we would have liked them to be, our increased capital base has positioned us favorably in comparison to our peers. Our ability
to successfully compete can be directly attributed to our core strengths: a commitment to strong loan and core deposit growth, a strong balance sheet, and one of the best efficiency ratios
in the industry.
1990 2000 2007
M&I 2007 Annual Report to Shareholders | Page 5
    Samuel Marshall & Charles
Ilsley become partners; M&I receives the state’s Marshall & Co. becomes first bank charter
the first bank to offer checks
     1849
1853
