ÒAt M&I, we live our mission on a daily basis by aspiring to excellence in everything we do.Ó Ð Jim Wigdale, Chairman of the Board, and Dennis Kuester, President and Chief Executive Officer
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 Our customers. Our employees. Our shareholders. The community.
You are the stakeholders upon which our corporate mission statement is based, and in 2002, each decision we made was with you in mind. We were again challenged with a slow economy, but our focus remained the same: to conduct our business in a manner that best serves our stakeholders. This phi- losophy continues to serve us well, and we finished the year as a solid performer within the industry.
We ended the year with $32.9 billion in assets. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2002 was $2.16 per diluted share, or $480.3 million, as com- pared to $1.55 per diluted share, or $337.5 million, in 2001. Net income per share for 2002 increased 39.4 percent over 2001. Operating income for the year ended December 31, 2002 was $2.18 per diluted share, or $484.5 million, as compared to $1.93 per diluted share, or $421.0 million, in 2001.
Operating income per share increased 13.0 percent in 2002 over 2001.
Despite the slow economy, your Corporation continued to grow through increasing market share and targeted expansion. We chose markets in which we would have good business opportunities and where our community bank focus would be an attractive alternative. In June, we announced the acquisition of Mississippi Valley Bancshares, Inc.,
a move that gave us a new presence in St. Louis,
and an increased presence in Arizona. In addition, the successful integration of National City Bancorporation, Richfield State Agency, Inc., and Century Bancshares, Inc. into the M&I system created new opportunities to grow in the Minneapolis/
St. Paul market. We look forward to continued growth in these competitive and dynamic markets. M&I also welcomed many new shareholders this year as a result of these acquisitions, and we will work hard to ensure their investment is a profitable one.
Brought to you by Global Reports
three
 
  We experienced a solid year in 2002, with successes throughout the Corporation. Our dedication to maintaining good credit quality served us well, enabling us to concentrate on growing our business. M&I also benefited from a full year of increasingly efficient operations as a result of the charter consoli- dation completed in 2001.
Transactional deposit growth continued to be strong, as were our home equity lending and dealer finance businesses, which both performed well. M&I Mortgage Corp. experienced all-time record production with increased production profitability. M&I Investment Management Corp. maintained a stable asset base under very difficult market conditions, primarily due
to their successful sales efforts to institutional and high- net-worth investors.
Metavante Corporation successfully signed new outsourcing clients in 2002 for financial account processing, electronic funds transfer, and wealth management. During the year, Metavante also completed two acquisitions Ð Paytrust and Spectrum EBP Ð that helped to further establish our technology subsidiary as a leader in the fast-growing field of electronic presentment and payment.
These successes would not have been possible without our dedicated employees. Their expertise and commit- ment are unparalleled in the financial services industry.
At M&I, we live our mission on a daily basis by aspiring to excellence in everything we do . . . for our customers, our employees, our shareholders, and the community. We will continue to do it with the honesty, integrity, and respect upon which your Corporation was founded.
Sincerely,
James B. Wigdale Chairman
Dennis J. Kuester
President and Chief Executive Officer
  Brought to you by Global Reports
