 Fellow Shareholders...
Based on the strength and momentum of our business and the commitment of its leadership, your company is well- positioned for long-term sales and profit growth on a global basis. We exceeded key 2007 financial goals and made excellent progress during the year with initiatives to increase sales, reduce costs and expand our markets. In addition, we took the next step in an orderly transition of the executive team.
We are excited about our prospects as we look across our business and to 2008 and beyond. Through this letter and the discussion that follows, we want to share that excitement and give you a taste for the future.
Growth in global markets
We are achieving good sales growth in each region and
$45 million. Increased costs for raw materials offset a portion of these cost savings. We have also taken certain pricing actions to provide an additional offset to higher costs.
Earnings per share were $1.73. On a comparable basis, excluding the impact of restructuring activities in 2007 and 2006, this was a 12% improvement, above our initial goal to increase earnings per share by 8 to 10%.
The Company again generated a significant amount of cash, funding $157 million of share repurchases and a 9% increase in dividends paid – our 21st consecutive year of dividend increases. With the Board’s approval, we have increased dividends per share at a 14% compound annual growth rate for the past five years.
Positioned for the future
segment of our business.
Consumer sales rose 6% in North America, driven by
pricing, new products, effective marketing programs and, in the first half of the year, the incremental impact of our acquisition of Simply Asia Foods. At the same time, our industrial business in North America achieved higher sales to food manufacturers, though the gains were offset in part by sales to restaurants, which were affected by industry weakness in 2007.
Our business in Europe is turning a corner as a result of stronger marketing support and greater focus on our primary markets. With favorable foreign exchange rates, price increases and higher volume in both France and the U.K. we increased consumer sales 11%. Strong sales of condiments and seasonings for snack products, along with favorable foreign exchange rates, fueled a 20% increase in the industrial business in Europe. And expansion in China was a primary factor behind an increase of 20% in sales across both segments in the Asia Pacific region.
Exceeded key 2007 financial goals
Financial results in 2007 exceeded a number of our key objectives. We increased sales 7%, surpassing our goal of 4 to 6%. And cost savings related to a three-year restructur- ing program were $35 million in 2007, $5 million ahead of target and pushing cumulative savings from the program to
The same growth strategy that has driven our success for a decade continues to set our future direction: improve margins, invest in the business, and increase sales and profits.
Margin improvement is a key element of our success. A restructuring program that includes consolidating our global manufacturing and eliminating administrative redundancies is on track to deliver at least $50 million in annual savings by the end of 2008. In addition, we are reducing complexity by selectively eliminating certain products and customers. These actions have increased average sales per customer for our U.S. industrial business by 51% in 2007 when compared to 2005. We see additional opportunities to improve efficiency and optimize our supply chain across our global operations.
Cost savings such as these were key to offsetting higher raw material costs in 2007. We are also using a portion of our margin improvement to invest in the growth of our business, funding marketing support, product innovation and other areas that offer the greatest potential to increase sales.
The same growth strategy that has driven our success for a decade continues to set our future direction.
                   2 McCormick & Company 2007 Annual Report
 
              Robert J. Lawless and Alan D. Wilson
To drive consumer demand, we are revitalizing our venerable brands in worldwide markets. The most signifi- cant of these efforts is under way in the United States – the largest and most profitable market for our consumer business – where a gravity-fed merchandising system is being installed in 12,000 to 14,000 supermarkets. The inno- vative product display is increasing purchases by consumers and reducing restocking time for the retailers. In Europe, we are driving sales of our Schwartz® brand in the U.K. and Ducros® brand in France with improved merchan- dising systems and increased advertising.
Product innovation is also driving sales as we build upon platforms such as health and wellness, convenience and ethnic flavors, and meet consumer desire for reduced fat and sodium with flavorful products in both our consumer and industrial businesses. And as time-pressed consumers turn more and more to grilling, slow cookers and seafood preparation, we are responding with additional flavor solutions. In North America, 2007 sales of seafood comple- ments grew by 6%, grilling products by 7% and slow cooker seasonings by 17%. Across all businesses, new products
launched in the last three years added 10% to 2007 sales. Emerging markets offer an opportunity for rapid sales
growth, as evidenced by the 23% growth of our business in China in 2007. We are focused on additional markets with similar growth characteristics, such as India, as we strive to double our sales in the Asia Pacific region over the next five years.
Acquisitions are also an integral part of our growth strategy. We are particularly interested in acquiring leading brands in regions where we have low penetration, and niche products in more developed markets. Above all else, however, flavor is the defining factor in all of our targeting efforts. Altogether, acquisitions have added one-fourth of our sales increase in the past five years, and we are working to sustain this level of contribution. As evidence of our continued progress, in November 2007, we were pleased to sign an agreement to purchase the Lawry’s business with annual sales of approximately $150 million.
A look ahead
Over the years, our business has faced challenges from higher costs, difficult economic conditions, aggressive com- petitors and demanding customers. We have weathered cost pressures and weak economies, and have the margin improvement potential to do so in the future. We are staying ahead of our competitors and creating value for our
$3.5
$3.0 $2.5 $2.0 $1.5 $1.0
$.5
Since 2002, the Company has achieved an average annual increase in net sales of 7%. One-fourth of this increase has been driven by acquisitions.
NET SALES (in billions of dollars)
       2003 2004 2005 2006 2007
McCormick & Company 2007 Annual Report 3
  lions of dollars)
005 2006 2007

 customers by continuing to develop new capabilities in areas such as quality, service, systems, marketing and innovation.
Our leading market position, effective growth strategy, strong balance sheet and focus on flavor have positioned us well. Once we complete our restructuring program in 2008, we expect our sales initiatives to drive sales growth of 4 to 6% annually. These higher sales and improved margins should generate an increase of 9 to 11% in earnings per share.
As always, McCormick’s engaged employees are at the center of our success. Throughout our operations, we interact in a participative manner based on our Multiple Management Board approach. In 2007 we celebrated the 75th anniversary of this problem-solving and professional development system, which is deeply ingrained in our corporate culture.
Strong, far-sighted leadership is also essential to continued success. Our Board is comprised of experienced business leaders and we are pleased to welcome Joseph McGrath, President & CEO of Unisys Corporation as a new director. Over the past year we completed the transition of our executive team. Following his promotion to President & COO at the end of 2006, Alan became a member of the Board in November and was appointed President & CEO as of January 1, 2008. Bob retired at the beginning of the new year but continues to serve as Chairman of the Board.
In addition, Gordon Stetz, who has provided key financial leadership to our U.S. and international operations for two decades, was promoted to CFO following the announce- ment of Fran Contino’s upcoming retirement from the Company and the Board. During his ten years at McCormick, Fran was instrumental in establishing common systems and processes throughout our operations with our B2K program, strengthening internal controls and building a terrific financial team. Fran’s involvement has led to success with our acquisition strategy and, since 2004, he
has led our strategic planning effort at the Company. We thank him for his many contributions.
The executive team that will take this Company forward has been an integral part of setting our direction, formulat- ing programs and achieving great execution in recent years. We approach the years ahead with excitement and tremen- dous optimism.
Our business is well-positioned with leading brands and a focus on flavor. An effective and sustainable strategy sets our direction. Motivated and energetic employees move us forward. We are confident in our ability to build shareholder value.
It promises to be a future as bold and exciting as the flavors upon which McCormick & Company has built its success since 1889.
Robert J. Lawless, Chairman of the Board
Alan D. Wilson, President and CEO
    4 McCormick & Company 2007 Annual Report
OUR VISION
McCormick will be the leading global supplier of value-added flavor solutions. Building on strong brands and innovative products, we will be the recognized leader in providing superior quality, value and service to customers and consumers around the world.
