Fellow Shareholders...
  In one of the most challenging environments we have faced, McCormick reached a number of new heights in 2008. We exceeded $3 billion in sales for the first time and seamlessly assimilated our largest acquisition ever. We reached $56 million in annual cost savings from our restructuring program and increased our marketing support 13%. We are confident that our proven growth strategies, leading market positions, great people and strong leadership will continue to serve us well as a global industry leader and as an investment.
I am extremely proud of how McCormick em- ployees around the world responded and stead- fastly focused on the four operational priorities we set early in the year – performance, growth, cash and people. Because of their commitment and creativity, we made great progress in each of these areas.
We achieved solid performance throughout the organization.
We grew net sales 9% to $3.2 billion, well beyond our initial goal of 4 to 6% growth. Acquisitions, favorable pricing, currency ex- change rates, new products and marketing pro- grams drove this higher performance.
Consumer business sales rose 11%, due in part to increased marketing efforts to support our brands and help launch new products, as well as our success in adding new distribution with grow- ing customers. Sales in the U.S. and Asia/Pacific region were particularly strong. Operating income for this segment rose 9%, excluding restructuring and impairment charges.
Equally impressive was the 7% sales in- crease our industrial business achieved despite weakness among restaurant customers. We successfully offset higher costs with pricing actions, and grew operating income 6% in 2008, excluding restructuring charges.
3
 Alan D. Wilson
President & Chief Executive Officer
MCCORMICK & COMPANY 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
 
 4
Solar panels on our spice mill and adjacent distribu- tion facility in Maryland will cut electricity costs for those facilities by about 30% in the first year and reduce green- house gas emissions
by approximately 1,000 metric tons.
  In our Dallas facility, employees took actions that reduced water usage by 40%, lowered line changeover times by 25% and improved shift sched- uling. In Europe, two of our largest manufacturing facilities achieved
ISO 14001 certification. Since 2004, our largest U.K. facility has reduced energy usage 33% and its greenhouse gas emissions by 30%.
 Earnings per share were $1.94 in 2008 compared with $1.73 in 2007. Included in 2008 earnings per share are restructuring charges and a net gain that related to our Lawry’s acquisition which included the sale of our Season-All® busi- ness. We also recorded a non-cash impairment charge to reduce the value of our Silvo® brand due to a reduction in distribution in The Netherlands. Excluding these items and the 2007 restructuring charges, earnings per share rose 11%, which was above our initial 2008 goal of 8 to 10%.
With another $11 million of cost savings, our restructuring program has delivered $56
million in annual savings, versus our $50 million goal. In 2008, our team in Europe consolidated production facilities in France and streamlined our merchandising system in the U.K. and distribu- tor networks in several smaller markets. Supply chain initiatives across the Company delivered an additional $20 million in savings in 2008.
Supply chain initiatives go hand-in-hand with our sustainability efforts. We made great prog- ress in lowering electricity use during 2008, and have set goals to reduce electricity use 15% and solid waste 10% from 2005 to 2010.
  MCCORMICK & COMPANY 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
 
 5
    We extended a
freshness campaign from the United States to the United Kingdom, encouraging consumers to check the age of their products.
Old Bay® seasoning,
an East Coast favorite, used outdoor advertising to build consumer awareness in target markets.
We recently launched
a dedicated Grill Mates® website, www.grillmates.com, as part of our efforts
to grow household penetration rates above the current level of 8%.
 We are driving growth through strong global brands, innovative new products and acquisitions.
Our portfolio of brands enjoys strong consumer loyalty around the world, and we work diligently to earn that loyalty every day by focusing on solving our consumers’ culinary needs in practical and flavorful ways.
To build upon the power of our brands, we expanded our proven marketing efforts – including print ads and sampling programs – by 13% in 2008.
In the U.S., for example, we applied addi- tional marketing support behind the Simply Asia® line, Grill Mates spices and grinders and other products that offer high growth potential but still have low household penetration rates. Likewise, in Europe, we moved to a more common adver- tising platform to allow us to better leverage our marketing expenditures. Given the particularly high returns for interactive media, we relaunched our U.S. consumer website and added two new niche websites.
 MCCORMICK & COMPANY 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
   
 6
  McCormick “7 Super Spices”, great sources
of flavor as well as concentrated sources
of natural antioxidants, were among the prod- ucts highlighted in our expanded advertising program. We founded the McCormick Science Institute to help advance the health benefits of natural spices and herbs.
  Superior packaging, new label designs and an attractive store display have helped revitalize our Vahiné® line of dessert aids.
 Another way we take great flavors to new heights is by continually demonstrating our industry leadership. Since 2006, for example, we have installed gravity-feed merchandising systems in more than 11,000 U.S. stores, en- hancing the consumer shopping experience, reducing out-of-stocks and improving restocking time. A version of this system has been intro- duced in Australia and China.
Following success in the U.K., in 2009, we will revitalize our dry seasoning mix line in the
U.S. with more natural ingredients, redesigned packaging and improved merchandising. In France, we recently unveiled superior packaging and an improved store display of our Vahiné dessert line.
As a leader in flavors, consumers and cus- tomers look to McCormick for insights into food trends. Reflecting our leadership, each year we convene a council of culinary experts in the food industry to identify new convenience platforms, ethnic cuisines and cooking styles. We also ex- plore such societal needs as health and wellness as they relate to food.
MCCORMICK & COMPANY 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
 
 7
  McCormick’s trend- tracking Flavor Forecast® is a staple for consumers, industrial customers and food editors alike. Adam Walker, culinary chef, demonstrates the use of tarragon and beetroot, one of the flavor pairings featured in the 2009 forecast.
The introduction of slow cooker seasonings helped double our market share of dry sauce mixes in Australia in 2008. In the U.S., consumers love the taste, texture and baking convenience of our new Crusting Blends.
 New products such as Crusting Blends®, gourmet sea salts and flavored pepper support the growing eat-at-home trend in the U.S., help- ing consumers easily create a restaurant-style meal. Our expanded line of U.S. slow cooker seasonings saw a 27% increase in 2008 sales. In Europe we have introduced new products for grilling, ethnic seasoning mixes and a range of items for more involved cooks.
McCormick innovation also supports the growth of industrial customers in markets around the world. A robust pipeline of products for
leading food manufacturers includes flavors for snacks, convenience foods, side dishes, bever- ages and cereal. New products for global restau- rant customers include coating blends for poultry and seasonings and sauces to flavor side dishes and sandwiches. In addition to these customized products, we added 10 new blends to our branded food service products.
Across both businesses, sales of products launched in the last three years represented 8% of 2008 sales.
 MCCORMICK & COMPANY 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
  
 8
  Billy Bee® Honey Products, acquired in early 2008, is Canada’s leading brand of pure, natural honey.
Lawry’s gives us entree into the wet marinade category with the number-one brand in the U.S. In 2009, we are introducing new mari- nade and seasoning blend products that will benefit from dedicated marketing support for the Lawry’s brand.
 In recent years, our success in identifying and integrating such great businesses as Ducros®, Zatarain’s® and Simply Asia has firmly established McCormick’s reputation as a premier home for unique flavors.
We reaffirmed this position in 2008 with the addition of Lawry’s. At $604 million, this was our largest acquisition ever and clearly a perfect fit for our business. Lawry’s is an iconic brand of seasoning blends and the number-one brand of wet marinades, a new category for McCormick.
With both consumer and food service products, Lawry’s is expected to add 4% to sales and 1% to gross profit margin in its first full year as a McCormick brand.
In 2008, we also acquired Billy Bee Honey Products, the leading brand of natural honey and honey-based products serving both consumer and food service markets in Canada.
Given our strong cash flow from operations and financial flexibility, we expect to continue to grow through acquisitions of niche products in our developed markets and leading brands in new and emerging regions.
 MCCORMICK & COMPANY 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
 
 9
 Employees in our Canadian operation now use SAP which was added to this operation in 2008.
 A portion of cash is invested in capital projects to advance our facilities worldwide.
Our 2008 capital funding included new construc- tion in France that added capacity, improved quality and lowered production costs.
In 2009 a portion of capital will fund expanded production in an existing facility to add capacity for the manufacturing of Lawry’s products.
We increased cash flow from operations by $90 million in 2008.
One way we measure the health of our business is by the cash flow we are generating from opera- tions. Cash flow funds our organic growth, fuels our acquisition strategy and rewards our employ- ees and investors.
For example, in 2008, we invested $693 million in acquisitions, paid $114 million in divi- dends, and paid $86 million for capital projects. We funded these investments with increased debt, as well as our cash flow from operations which reached $315 million, an increase of $90 million over 2007.
As further evidence of our strong financial position, the Board of Directors approved our 23rd consecutive dividend increase at the end of 2008. We have paid a dividend in each of the last 83 years and increased dividends per share at an 11% compound annual growth rate since 2003.
DIVIDENDS PAID (in $ millions) $120
   $100 $80 $60 $40 $20 $0
2004 2005
2006 2007 2008
          MCCORMICK & COMPANY 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
  
  10
 Employee development takes many forms at McCormick. Our research chef for the Simply Asia and Thai Kitchen brands, Manny Haider, (right) is demonstrating the use of a wok to prepare authentic Asian cuisine. On-the-job training is also pictured in our quality assurance lab in El Salvador. In the U.K., employees take advan- tage of McCormick’s Global Learning Network, and a recent “lunch and learn” session in China featured an informal lesson in calligraphy.
 We are financially disciplined and proud of our investment-grade credit rating. We continue to focus our efforts to increase operational efficiency. For example, improved asset man- agement is now among the incentives for each operating unit. This led to a five-day reduction in our cash conversion cycle.
OUR SHARED VALUES
The people of McCormick are our “key ingredient.”
Ethical behavior Teamwork
High performance
Innovation
= Concern for one another
Throughout McCormick, people are
the reason for our enduring success and ability to reach new heights.
McCormick’s culture of hard work and ethical behavior has weathered every business change and challenge imaginable. Our Multiple Manage- ment philosophy, established in 1932, lays the foundation by encouraging the participation and inclusion of all employees.
As we enter our 121st year, we continue to build on our shared values. In 2008, for example, we further implemented McCormick’s High- Performance System that is motivating our
 Success
MCCORMICK & COMPANY 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
   
Al Goetze, (left) Managing Director of McCormick Global Ingredients, Ltd., is evaluating the latest vanilla bean crop in Indonesia. As part of our Global Sourcing Program we work with farmers to achieve higher-quality raw materials and maintain the food safety of our products.
 11
 Nate McCoy (center) from our Flavor Manufacturing Center in Maryland, earned McCormick’s Com- munity Service Award for his work at the Phoenix Society, which provides peer support, education and advocacy to burn victims.
employees and resulting in better training, lower turnover and greater efficiency.
We continue to strengthen our commitment to a diverse and inclusive workforce. In 2008, we created a Diversity Executive Steering Commit- tee to work closely with our existing Diversity Council. We established a vice president of global talent management to develop robust processes in support of our employee development and suc- cession planning globally. Additionally, we rolled out our Global Learning Network to employees in Canada, the U.K. and France.
Concern for one another is a key shared value, and that concern extends to the commu- nities where we work. For the past 20 years, for example, our global sourcing team has assisted farmers in becoming sustainable and economically viable. In addition, once a year many employees work an additional eight hours and donate their earnings – which are matched by the Company – to local charities. And in 2008, we announced the fourth annual winner of the McCormick Community Service Award which honors the volunteer efforts of our employees around the world.
  MCCORMICK & COMPANY 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
  
 12
  McCormick’s Management Committee
Mark Timbie
President – North American Consumer Foods
Alan Wilson
President &
Chief Executive Officer
Lawrence Kurzius
President –
McCormick International
Gordon Stetz
Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Chuck Langmead
President –
U.S. Industrial Group
Cile Perich
Vice President – Human Relations
 Looking ahead to new heights.
In 2008, we faced unprecedented challenges that included a steep stock market decline and a global credit crisis, as well as significant volatility in both costs and currency exchange rates.
Yet with a strong balance sheet and cash flow, coupled with the business acumen and engagement of a committed Board of Directors led by Chairman Bob Lawless, we are success- fully managing our business through this period.
We also executed a seamless management transition that included my new role as President and Chief Executive Officer and the promotion of Gordon Stetz to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Similarly, to better align our organization and provide executive devel- opment, we promoted Lawrence Kurzius to President – McCormick International with added responsibility for Canada, Asia and Australia, as well as emerging markets. In addition, Cile Perich, Vice President–Human Relations was appointed to McCormick’s Management Commit- tee. At the end of 2008, Geoff Carpenter suc- ceeded Bob Skelton as our chief legal executive. Bob Skelton has retired from the Company after 32 years of expert advice, tireless efforts and significant contributions to our success.
We are excited about McCormick’s future and the new heights that await us. With a solid foundation of powerful, global brands and excel- lent customers, we are achieving higher sales and profits through innovation, marketing and acquisitions. With the continued commitment and enthusiasm of our employees, we are confi- dent that we will continue to grow this business and increasingly build shareholder value.
Alan D. Wilson, President & CEO
 MCCORMICK & COMPANY 2008 ANNUAL REPORT
