 DAN GLASER
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER MARSH & McLENNAN COMPANIES
 Letter to our
shareholders
  
   At Marsh & McLennan Companies, our expertise, creativity, and passion for excellence enable us to help our clients tackle today’s biggest challenges. Each day, we have the opportunity to make a difference, doing work that matters to our colleagues, clients, shareholders, communities, and to the world.
 140+ years
OF HELPING CLIENTS ANTICIPATE AND MEET THE NEEDS OF CHANGING TIMES AND EVOLVING TECHNOLOGIES
It’s been that way through our more than 140-year history — we have a deep heritage of helping clients anticipate and meet the needs of changing times and evolving technologies — and it’s no different today. Our work enables enterprise. Our competitive positioning as a trusted advisor to our clients has never been stronger.
We are industry innovators and thought leaders. Clients look to
us for guidance on a range of critical issues such as advising an aging population on how to save for retirement, managing global healthcare costs, and developing and supporting growth strategies. We help our clients anticipate and manage risk — and capture the opportunities that risk creates.
We have built a community of talented colleagues, experts in their fields, who thrive on working together and providing clients with guidance and support during critical moments. We are an organization energized by change, defined by deep specialization, and united by a common purpose: making a difference.
3

CONSECUTIVE YEARS OF DOUBLE-DIGIT GROWTH IN ADJUSTED OPERATING INCOME:
ACHIEVING OUR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE GOALS
We delivered another year of excellent performance in
2014. It’s a powerful story: strong revenue and EPS growth, expanded operating margins, and increased return of capital to shareholders through double-digit growth in dividends and increased share repurchases.
Consolidated revenue rose to $13 billion, with underlying revenue growth of 5% — our strongest increase in three years — with each of our four operating companies contributing. Adjusted operating income1 increased 10% to $2.3 billion, marking the seventh consecutive year of double-digit growth. Over the past five years, compound annual growth in adjusted earnings per share
7 years
CONSECUTIVE YEARS OF ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGIN GROWTH IN BOTH OPERATING SEGMENTS:
has been 14.5%.
IN 2014, WE COMMITTED TO...
13%
LONG-TERM EPS GROWTH
Double-digit
DIVIDEND GROWTH
Reduce
OUR SHARE COUNT
$2.1 billion
ALLOCATED FOR DIVIDENDS, ACQUISITIONS, AND
SHARE REPURCHASES
WE DELIVERED...
14%
ADJUSTED EPS GROWTH IN 2014
10.4%
DIVIDEND GROWTH
7 million reduction
IN SHARES OUTSTANDING
$2.3 billion
UTILIZED
5 years
    1 For a reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results, as related to all non-GAAP references presented in this letter, please refer to the Company’s Form 8-K, dated February 6, 2015, available on the Company’s website at www.mmc.com.
4
 
 2014 marked the fifth straight year of margin expansion in both our Risk & Insurance Services and Consulting segments — an indication of the broad-based nature of our long-term growth.
Risk & Insurance Services, with revenue of $6.9 billion, expanded its margin by 30 basis points. Within the segment:
• Marsh had another year of outstanding performance, with substantial underlying revenue growth across all major geographies and record new business development.
• Guy Carpenter delivered solid underlying revenue growth despite significant industrywide headwinds.
Consulting, with revenue of $6.1 billion, produced robust growth. Segment margin rose 160 basis points, resulting in record operating income of nearly $1 billion. Within the segment:
• Mercer produced strong performance, with solid underlying revenue growth, which drove the segment’s record profitability.
• Oliver Wyman’s underlying revenue growth of 15% reflected double-digit increases in each quarter of 2014.
Our strong performance in 2014 is a direct result of our continued investments in our businesses and in our people, giving them
the tools and support to help them succeed. Since 2009, we have invested nearly $5 billion for growth and efficiencies, including:
• Capital expenditures of approximately $2 billion,
• 85 acquisitions and investment transactions totaling
approximately $3 billion, and
• Headcount increase of 7,600 colleagues, fueling the growth
of our operating companies around the world.
We further expanded our global footprint in 2014 with acquisitions in Australia, Belgium, Scotland, Canada, Chile, and Panama, and through our investment in Alexander Forbes in South Africa. Marsh & McLennan Agency completed nine acquisitions in 2014, highlighted by Barney & Barney, which established the Agency’s West Coast hub.
CHALLENGES OF A CHANGING GLOBAL LANDSCAPE
If history has taught us anything, it’s that a constantly evolving business landscape is rife with risks and abounds with opportunities. As we look at the world today, trends such as heightened focus on cyber security, political and economic uncertainty, slowing economic growth in developing economies, erratic oil prices, historically low interest rates, and a strong US dollar are all gaining momentum. They’re indicative not only of the issues governments, multinationals, and most organizations face but also of how the speed of change presents its own set of challenges and opportunities.
This increasingly complex, dynamic world galvanizes us to do more, achieve more, think smarter, and challenge the status quo. Clients come to us for answers to their most pressing problems in risk, strategy, and people. Our operating companies can help to develop the solutions.
 5
 “This increasingly complex, dynamic world galvanizes us to do more, achieve more, think smarter, and challenge the status quo.”

OUR CULTURE SETS US APART
Much has been written about the importance of corporate cultures, and so, for me, someone who often challenges conventional approaches, it’s a fair question to ask whether a company’s culture matters.
In my view, there is no doubt. Great companies capable of
achieving superior sustained performance derive their success
from strong cultures that value excellence, innovation, collaboration, and integrity. These are key attributes of our culture at Marsh & McLennan Companies; we put them into practice every day.
Our work is guided by four powerful commitments: we enable our clients’ success; we always seek the smarter way; we work side-by-side to harness our collective intelligence; and we live the greater good by acting with integrity.
We challenge ourselves to redefine what is possible. We pursue relentless improvement in all that we do, as we strive to anticipate and thrive in the face of new trends and to serve our clients with continued excellence.
In 2014, we expanded our voice and advised clients on some of the most complex issues of our day. We introduced data analytics that have the power to change risk management. We carried out extensive analysis of the challenges facing retirement systems around the world and helped clients connect their employees’ desire for a secure financial future with the business need to create a high-performing workforce. We released important studies analyzing gender equality, assessing the current state of women in the workplace globally, concluding that companies that seize the moment for change outperform those that move too slowly.
Our workforce is diverse, inclusive, and engaged. We encourage our people to voice their ideas and raise concerns. We build our talent with ongoing learning and development programs, nurture leadership capabilities, and seek to attract the best, most qualified recruits to our organization.
As a committed corporate citizen, we encourage our colleagues to contribute their time, talents, and skills to help our communities. We embody our commitment to integrity in a vibrant code of conduct conveyed across the enterprise through creative and inspiring communications.
Our culture sets us apart. 6
I take great pride in what we have achieved in the last several years, knowing that there’s still more work to be done to meet our long-term goals.
I am grateful to lead a proven executive team known for keeping its commitments and delivering results. Our Board of Directors works closely with our executive team and me, providing us with valuable guidance and expert knowledge. We are thankful for their counsel. As we announced in 2014, Adele Simmons, who has served our Board since 1978, will be retiring this May. We thank Adele for her nearly four decades of service and many invaluable contributions to our success.
Marsh & McLennan Companies is a $13 billion global growth company with 57,000 dedicated colleagues around the world. We are positioned to thrive in a fast-changing global environment. We have the talent, resources, and spirit to achieve our goals. Our continued success is made possible by the support of our colleagues, clients, and shareholders.
Best regards,
DAN GLASER
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER MARSH & McLENNAN COMPANIES FEBRUARY 26, 2015
   