To our shareholders,
Throughout our 145-year history, we have helped our clients grapple with complex challenges. 2015 was
a case in point. Financial markets tumbled, foreign exchange rates fluctuated dramatically and geopolitical turmoil swept through continents. These volatile
and uncertain conditions contributed to a dynamic environment full of threats and opportunities for our clients. Our areas of strength — risk, strategy and people — have never been more relevant or important.
145-year
HISTORY OF LEADERSHIP AND INNOVATION
Clients sought our deep expertise, our understanding of their businesses, our creativity and our unwavering commitment to client service.
Our company has considerable advantages that enable us to grow in varied market conditions. Most importantly, we have great people. We are, after all, a professional services firm. The intellectual capacity and creativity of our colleagues is our product. As I visit our offices around the world, I am always impressed by the intelligence, ingenuity and dedication of our colleagues and our leaders.
We make a positive impact on the businesses, people and societies we serve by providing guidance and support during critical moments... that is a powerful purpose that unites us all. Our 60,000 colleagues — actuaries, brokers, consultants, subject-matter experts and other professionals — advise clients on many of the most complex issues of our time: responding to natural catastrophes, providing
for retirement security, attracting and retaining the best people and enhancing cyber resilience — to name a few.
We manage our company with three specific constituencies in mind: our clients, our colleagues and our shareholders. We have sought to strike the appropriate balance between rigorous execution in the short term and strategic investment for the long term. These twin objectives are reflected in our return of a record amount of capital to shareholders in 2015 coupled with our substantial investments to grow our business.
Though we live in challenging times, I am confident that our inherent strengths — extraordinary people, a cohesive culture and a restless commitment to finding a better way — will fuel our firm’s long-term growth.
1

6 years
ANOTHER YEAR OF STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Building on six consecutive years of strong performance, Marsh & McLennan delivered another year of robust financial results in 2015.
We generated 4% underlying revenue growth with healthy increases at all four operating companies. In each of the last six years, we have grown consolidated underlying revenue in the 3% to 5% range. Acquisitions have added an additional two percentage points on average over that same time period.
Adjusted operating income1 rose 5% to $2.5 billion. We continued our track record of operational excellence by increasing adjusted operating margins. In 2015, our consolidated margin accelerated 100 basis points, to 19.1%, our highest level in more than a decade.
Our earnings per share increased 12%, and adjusted EPS grew 8% to a record $3.05. We achieved
these results despite $0.18 of negative impact from the effects of foreign exchange. On a constant currency basis, our adjusted EPS growth was an impressive 14.5%. Since 2009, our adjusted EPS has grown at a CAGR of 13.5%, in line with the
13% long-term target we established in 2010. We delivered this outstanding record of performance while overcoming approximately $200 million
of foreign exchange headwinds during this six-year period, representing a yearly average of $.04 per share.
Risk and Insurance Services revenue of $6.9 billion reflected an increase of 3% on an underlying basis. Adjusted operating income rose 3% to $1.6 billion, with the adjusted margin expanding 90 basis points to 23.3%, the highest in more than a decade. Adjusted operating margins in RIS have improved every year since 2007.
Marsh’s underlying revenue growth of 3% reflected increases across all major geographies. This was Marsh’s fifth straight year of underlying revenue growth of at least 3%.
Guy Carpenter’s underlying revenue growth of 2% was a solid result given the dynamics in the reinsurance industry.
1 For a reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results, as related to all non-GAAP references presented in this letter, please refer to the Company’s Form 8-K, dated February 4, 2016, available on the Company’s website at mmc.com.
OF CONSECUTIVE OPERATING MARGIN GROWTH IN BOTH SEGMENTS
  “We are a brains business. We manufacture ideas and solutions. We collaborate to create a value proposition greater than the sum of its individual parts.”
2

Consulting produced revenue of $6.1 billion, an increase of 5% on an underlying basis. Adjusted operating income rose 4%, exceeding $1 billion for the first time in our history. Consulting’s track record of higher adjusted operating margins continued in 2015, expanding 80 basis points to 17.3%. Since 2010, the adjusted margin has improved by 600 basis points.
Mercer’s underlying revenue growth of 4% was strong and marked the fifth consecutive year of growth of 3% or higher.
Oliver Wyman’s underlying revenue growth of 7% in 2015 came on top of 2014’s outstanding growth of 15%.
“Since 2009, our adjusted EPS has grown
at a CAGR of 13.5%, consistent with our long-term target set at Investor Day in 2010 and reaffirmed in March 2014.”
OUR COMMITMENTS TO SHAREHOLDERS
In 2015, we returned a record level of cash — over $2 billion — to our shareholders. At our Investor Day in March 2014, we made three commitments to shareholders:
1) Grow adjusted EPS at a long-term CAGR of 13%;
2) Increase our dividend per share by double-digits every year; and 3) Reduce our share count every year.
We continue to deliver on these commitments. Since 2009, our adjusted EPS has grown at a CAGR of 13.5%, consistent with our long-term target set at Investor Day in 2010 and reaffirmed in March 2014. In 2015, we increased our annual dividend by 11.3%, exceeding even the 10.4% increase in 2014. And our share count declined for the second straight year.
Bottom line, Marsh & McLennan delivered another strong year of financial performance in 2015.
OUR VIEW OF THE MARKETS
I am proud to have spent the past 30 years working in the insurance industry, both as a broker and as an underwriter. In my view, the insurance industry plays a crucial role in spurring economic growth, the taking of risk and promoting innovation. On the upside, insurance enables commerce to thrive. Satellites are launched. Skyscrapers are built. Medicines are invented. On the downside, insurance is a vital buffer enabling lives and livelihoods to be rebuilt following loss.
3

“Today, we are stronger strategically, operationally and financially than at any time in the last decade.”
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Clients in more than 130 countries
                                                                                                                                                                                $
  4
Highest margin in
Risk and Insurance Services in
Consulting’s adjusted operating income exceeds
19.1%
Consolidated adjusted margin has improved more than 1,000 basis points
since 2007
12 years
$1 billion
for first time in history

          Investments for growth and efficiencies since 2009 of nearly
$7 billion
$1.2 billion
For 27 acquisitions and investments in 2015
        $13 billion
Annual revenue
60,000
Colleagues around the world making a difference for clients in critical moments
  11.3% Dividend growth Continuing our commitment to
double-digit dividend growth
6 years
Of consecutive underlying revenue growth in the
3% to 5% range
 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015
3%
3%
4%
4%
5%
5%
            5

$2 billion
RETURNED TO SHAREHOLDERS THROUGH DIVIDEND AND SHARE REPURCHASE
Like the broader market, these are dynamic times in the insurance industry.
Insurance companies are dealing with significant structural change. We have seen large-scale M&A, senior management changes, a reduction in the underwriting appetite at several companies, an infusion of alternative capital and a willingness at some firms to reconsider reinsurance as a way to reduce volatility.
Intense competition and excess capacity coupled with challenging returns have
led to orderly pricing declines. This trend has played out for several years and is fundamentally good for our clients. As insurance markets evolve and consolidate, we believe that the advice of a broker will be all the more important to clients trying to make sense of industry change. Advisors with the deepest experience and broadest capabilities stand to benefit from a flight to quality as clients seek trusted advisors with the right skills to help them navigate through the uncertainty.
Dynamic change also creates exciting opportunities for our consulting businesses. The ongoing development of economies around the world and the impact of key socioeconomic trends should accelerate the need for our advice and solutions.
In mature markets with aging workforces, both companies and individuals wrestle with uncertainty as increasing amounts of responsibility shift to individuals for their retirement, health and investment decisions. Mercer is well-positioned to assist people, companies and governments in developing innovative solutions to adapt to the change wrought by powerful demographic and economic trends.
Global volatility provides significant opportunity for Oliver Wyman, a leading provider of strategic advice and solutions to the C-suite. With deep industry expertise, Oliver Wyman has demonstrated its ability to help clients navigate the changing strategic and regulatory environment in sectors as diverse as financial services, healthcare, aviation and energy.
We remain optimistic about our ability to help clients face the significant challenges of our time.
OUR LONG-TERM GROWTH PHILOSOPHY
Our goal is to become one of the very best companies — not simply in our industry segments — but in the world. To get there, we must demonstrate our ability to generate sustained growth in revenues and profit, drive innovation and make Marsh & McLennan a great place to work.
Each of our operating companies is a global leader, helping clients address the issues of the day. By enabling our clients to succeed, we expect to produce strong
6

growth in our revenues, earnings and cash flows over the long term. We also expect to deliver, over time, significantly higher earnings growth than the S&P 500, with lower capital requirements and reduced risk.
Our revenue growth is driven by the investments we make. We have invested organically and through acquisition to enter new segments, broaden our geographic footprint and deepen our capabilities.
Since 2009, we have invested nearly $7 billion for growth and efficiency. This includes:
• 115 acquisitions and investments totaling approximately $4.6 billion; and • Capital investments of $2.2 billion.
“Our goal is to become one of the very best companies — not simply in our industry segments — but in the world. To get there, we must demonstrate our ability to generate sustained growth in revenues and profit, drive innovation and make Marsh & McLennan a great place to work.”
In 2015, we completed more acquisitions than in any year in our history. A good example of our acquisition-led growth strategy is the build-out of Marsh & McLennan Agency (MMA). Since 2009, MMA has closed 51 transactions and invested over
$2 billion. In 2015, MMA acquired six agencies across the United States, including the highly regarded MHBT in Texas. MMA now has a business approaching
$1 billion of annualized revenue, which represents a top-10 independent agency in its own right. We believe we can replicate this success in overseas markets, including the United Kingdom. To strengthen our platform in the UK, we acquired the publicly-traded Jelf Group, a leading UK retail broker, in 2015.
On the organic investment front, the build-out of our Mercer Marketplace Healthcare exchange (MMx) is another developing success story. MMx provides access for approximately 1.5 million lives and helps our clients control costs while offering their employees choice, flexibility and an engaging user experience.
These are just three of many examples of how we are constantly looking forward and investing to position ourselves for sustainable, long-term growth while also producing strong annual performance.
7

8
The diversity of our geographic footprint is a particular strength of our company and an important driver of our long-term growth.
Marsh & McLennan is well-established in most large diversified economies that are particularly important to our long-term success. Moreover, our vast global network positions us well in virtually all emerging markets and growth economies. While volatile in 2015, these markets remain a long-term driver of growth because of the under-penetration of insurance and consulting services.
An important part of our strategy is to preserve flexibility and maintain balance. We are managing the business to consistently deliver excellent results while continuing to invest for the long term. In this uncertain global environment, we have preserved the capacity to invest opportunistically during periods of stress. This is the principal reason we have maintained financial leverage at lower levels than our peers and the overall market.
“Each of our operating companies is a global leader, helping clients address the issues of the day.”
Lastly, we want to be relentless in our execution. Rigorous execution is every bit as important as strategic vision. We are perpetually dissatisfied with the status quo: We never stop searching for a better solution, whether it is a new insurance product to address an emerging risk, a more streamlined digital solution to optimize healthcare choices or a more refined set of analytics to deliver insights to clients. We have a mantra at the company that there is always a smarter way. Every day, every week, every month, we need to find it.
Our dual focus on short-term execution and long-term investment should increase the distance between us and our competitive set.
OUR COMMITMENT TO INNOVATION
We have a storied history of innovation. In the early 20th century, our founder, Henry Marsh, revolutionized the insurance industry by creating the concept of an insurance broker who acted on behalf of the client rather than the insurer. In the 1920s, Guy Carpenter (yes, there was a man named Guy Carpenter) introduced the novel idea
of insurance for insurers — or reinsurance. After World War II, William M. Mercer invented the notion of a defined benefit plan. In the 1980s, Alex Oliver and Bill Wyman created the idea of a management consulting firm built on industry verticals.

Thanks to the pioneering spirit of our colleagues, Marsh & McLennan has been
at the forefront of innovation for over a century. The next frontier will almost certainly revolve around technological innovation. Marsh and Guy Carpenter have made substantial investments in technology platforms to benefit their clients. For example, Marsh acquired Dovetail, a technology provider with an advanced cloud- based platform that enables agents to trade with multiple insurers and bind policies in real time. Guy Carpenter recently launched GC ReBid, a proprietary real-time, online reinsurance auction platform where markets can openly bid for participation on reinsurance placements.
Similarly, Mercer has launched an array of digital and mobile solutions that include: Mercer Match, a mobile application that utilizes gamification and neuroscience
to match individuals with job opportunities; Mercer Harmonise, a UK mobile application that enables individuals to track critical information about their wealth and health in a single place; and Mercer Pension Risk Exchange, an online platform that allows pension plan sponsors to monitor buy-out capacity and execute transactions swiftly. In a similar vein, Oliver Wyman has launched “OW Labs,” which applies advanced algorithms to large data sets to deliver insights to clients through customized dashboard applications.
OUR CULTURE
The diversity of our people contributes to our success and the richness of our lives. After all, we are a brains business. We manufacture ideas and solutions. We harness our collective intelligence, collaborating across teams, business units and global offices to create a value proposition greater than the sum of its individual parts.
Our colleagues choose to give us their time, their commitment and their careers. We understand the importance of creating an environment where we look at issues from multiple perspectives and where our people feel comfortable expressing themselves and sharing their ideas.
As I travel around the world, I meet with our colleagues in town hall discussions.
I urge them to live fully, reminding them that, at Marsh & McLennan, our people come first. Their family lives are essential, and their personal growth is as important as their professional development. We want Marsh & McLennan to be a vibrant place to work; our commitment to working side by side in a respectful, professional environment is an important value of our firm.
LOOKING FORWARD
I am privileged to serve as the CEO of this great company. I feel fortunate to lead an accomplished executive team that is diverse in thought and cohesive in action. It is a team that keeps its promises. And it is a team that has delivered year after year.
9

160,000
VOLUNTEER HOURS CONTRIBUTED BY OUR 60,000 COLLEAGUES AROUND THE WORLD TO IMPROVE SOCIETY
I am also fortunate to work with a talented and engaged Board of Directors. Under Lord Ian Lang’s leadership as Chairman, the Board has struck an excellent balance between challenge and support. The Board has been actively involved in the development of management’s long-term strategic plans. As part of our efforts
to expand our global operations, we were particularly pleased to add Maria Silvia Bastos Marques, one of Brazil’s leading executives, to our Board in March of 2015.
Having reached our mandatory retirement age, Ian Lang will step down as Chairman at our upcoming annual meeting in May. Ian has brought a global perspective, a keen intellect and a politician’s wit to our deliberations. Ian has also sought to make the Board accessible to our colleagues by participating in numerous town halls in Bermuda, London, New York, Paris, San Francisco and Shanghai. On behalf of our entire organization, I want to express our profound gratitude to this elegant man for his almost two decades of service to this company, including five years as Chairman of the Board.
Edward Hanway, a member of our Board since 2010, will become Chairman this May. Before joining our Board, Ed enjoyed a remarkable tenure as the CEO of Cigna Corporation for nearly a decade. I look forward to Ed’s leadership of our Board for years to come.
In closing, I want to thank our 60,000 colleagues whose professionalism and hard work are at the heart of this enterprise, our clients who put their trust in
us and our investors. I try to manage our business with a keen awareness that
I have been trusted by the owners of our company to look after their investment and make it grow. We are always in the market for investors who support our balanced approach of delivering strong financial performance today and investing for the future.
Today, we are stronger strategically, operationally and financially than at any time in the last decade. I am optimistic about the future of Marsh & McLennan. The best is yet to come.
Best regards,
DAN GLASER
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER MARSH & McLENNAN COMPANIES FEBRUARY 24, 2016
 10
