  DEAR SHAREHOLDER
  2005 was a challenging but productive year for MMC. We began the year responding to questions about MMC’s long-term viability, accusations of misdeeds, and indictments. By its close, we had stabilized our operations, preserved the reputation of our market-leading companies, and restored the confidence of our clients and colleagues. The discus- sion had turned to the speed of our full recovery,
the business advantages of our compliance culture, and our focus on the future.
MMC today is a stronger, better-positioned company than it was one year ago. Still, we face important business challenges in 2006 and beyond—executing our strategic plans, realizing efficiencies, and achieving growth.
MMC continues to be a preeminent provider of insurance and reinsurance broking services, retire- ment and health and benefits consulting, investment management, risk consulting and technology, and investigative services, among others. MMC has always had the best content, exceptional client service, and
talented people, but it has not had the best processes. Our operating structures had frequently been too complicated, our technology too expensive and in need of updating. We lacked the global systems to allow us to measure and integrate our businesses. Some of our compensation plans were too subjective and not sufficiently performance based. Our companies need to be managed more efficiently to meet the demands of the future. We are changing, and changing rapidly.
In 2005, we saw the beginning of a margin restoration story for MMC, which we believe will con- tinue through 2006 and 2007. At the same time, we are confident that increasing demand for our products and services will result in growth opportunities for MMC, particularly as global risks become larger and more complex. MMC companies are capable of pro- viding clients with solutions for their most pressing problems related to health and retirement issues
of aging populations, terrorism, intensifying weather patterns, and strategic risks associated with out- sourcing. We believe these services give us the
VISION AND STRATEGY
1

2
 potential for growth that will benefit our clients, employees, and shareholders.
MMC’s consolidated revenues in 2005 were
$11.7 billion, compared with $11.8 billion in 2004. Net income was $404 million, or $.74 per share, compared with $176 million, or $.33 per share, in 2004. Income from continuing operations in 2005 was $369 million, or $.67 per share, compared with $154 million, or $.29 per share, in 2004.
MMC substantially strengthened its financial position in 2005. We reduced total net debt at year- end to $3.5 billion, a reduction of more than $400 million from $3.9 billion at the end of 2004. We did this through strong operat-
ing cash flows, successful
restructuring actions, and
asset dispositions. We refi-
nanced our debt, moved
cash back to the United
States in a tax-efficient
manner, and made signifi-
cant contributions to our
employee pension plans in
the United States and the
United Kingdom.
Following the comple-
tion of a strategic review of
operations in 2005, MMC
decided to sell certain
operations that either were
not central to its business
or could operate better
outside of MMC. We divested
our interest in MMC Capital, the company’s private equity subsidiary, to the management team of MMC Capital in May 2005. We sold Marsh’s Crump whole- sale broking operations and Sedgwick Claims Management Services in October 2005 and January 2006, respectively.
Without great compliance, there cannot be
great performance, and our compliance organization has made enormous strides. Our implementation of new transparency standards leads the industry. Throughout 2005, we worked through the regulatory process cooperatively with regulators, and settled with the New York Attorney General, the New York State Insurance Department, and the National
Association of Insurance Commissioners. To date, close to 90 percent of the NYAG settlement fund has been claimed by eligible clients, including over 90 percent of our largest clients. Working through the NAIC, we also entered into a settlement agreement with 33 state insurance commissioners. MMC did the right thing, and did it well.
We also made changes in our executive leader- ship. To turn my attention fully to my responsibilities at MMC, I stepped down as chief executive officer of Marsh. Brian M. Storms, formerly chief executive officer of Mercer Human Resource Consulting, suc- ceeded me. Brian is a seasoned business leader who brings energy and focus to the task of rebuilding
 Michael G. Cherkasky
Marsh. E. Michael Caulfield, who has more than 30 years of experience in the financial services industry, succeeded Brian as the leader of Mercer Human Resource Consulting. In January, Guy Carpenter’s senior management team was strengthened by the appointment of David Spiller as the firm’s new president. David’s international experience and rela- tionships complement Guy Carpenter’s global
strategy of delivering the most effective solutions for clients worldwide.
RISK AND INSURANCE SERVICES
Total risk and insurance services revenues in 2005 were $5.6 billion, compared with $6.2 billion in 2004. Two-thirds of this revenue decline was due to Marsh’s decision in late 2004 to eliminate the practice of receiving contingent compensation from insurers.
For Marsh, 2005 was a year of stabilizing and rebuilding. The company was resilient and performed well under difficult circumstances, sustained by its
 
 enduring position as a market leader, the depth and breadth of its risk management expertise, its strong global position, its talented people, and the loyalty of its clients. Marsh essentially completed two major staff restructuring programs during the year, while introducing a new contingency-free business model based on regional responsibility for resources and profitability. Reorganizing certain functions should increase efficiencies, leading to simpler, standardized processes. We are investing in technology to drive these changes.
By the end of the year, we saw clear signs that the initial stages of Marsh’s recovery were taking hold. Client retention levels improved over the course of the year, most meaningfully in the fourth quarter of 2005. Marsh achieved these results despite continued price declines throughout the year in the commercial insurance marketplace.
Marsh has a focused, long-term strategy for growth, with tremendous assets that give it a powerful advantage in the marketplace. To realize the full economic and competitive potential of its global scale, Marsh is reorganizing and focusing on a global client management framework to meet the opportunities and challenges that arise from conducting business across geographic, cultural, and legal borders. Cost discipline will continue, along with renewed concentration on revenue growth. We are confident that 2006 will be a better year for Marsh.
Guy Carpenter had a solid performance in 2005, generating revenues of $836 million, compared with $859 million in 2004. New business was more than offset by higher risk retentions by clients and contin- ued reinsurance premium rate declines throughout most of 2005. The major hurricanes in the second half of 2005 began to affect premium rates for property catastrophe and certain specialty
lines, with clients experiencing increased rates. We expect these conditions to continue in 2006. As the world’s premier reinsurance broker, Guy Carpenter
has the specialized knowledge and expertise to help insurance and rein- surance company clients deal with today’s broader, more complex
risks. The capability to provide innovative solutions will create growth opportunities for the future.
RISK CONSULTING AND TECHNOLOGY
MMC’s acquisition of Kroll almost two years ago
has been very successful. As the world’s leading risk consulting firm, Kroll added significantly to MMC’s client services in the large and expanding area of risk. Kroll continued to exceed our expectations in 2005, producing revenues of $946 million, an increase of 21 percent on an underlying basis.
Kroll’s technology services business led its strong 2005 performance, with the data recovery and legal technologies businesses attaining significant revenue growth. Revenues from Kroll’s employee screening services increased substantially both domestically and internationally, and demand for its innovative identity theft services grew rapidly, driven in part by Marsh and Mercer client relationships. Kroll’s corporate advisory and restructuring business was also a strong performer in 2005, as large and important cross-border restructuring assignments added revenues.
In 2006, we expect that Kroll will continue to grow, expanding both organically and through acqui- sitions. Growth in the consulting businesses will likely be organic, given Kroll’s unique ability to integrate traditional and financial investigative skills on a global basis. In the technology businesses, we plan to supplement organic growth with product and geographic expansion, including, where appropriate, strategic acquisitions.
  3

4
 CONSULTING
MMC’s consulting sector, which includes human resource consulting and services as well as special- ized management and economic consulting, increased revenues 4 percent to $3.8 billion in 2005.
Mercer Human Resource Consulting is the pre- mier global HR consulting organization: the leader
in retirement and health and benefits consulting, and among the largest providers of human capital consulting and HR outsourcing. During 2005, we combined the U.S. health care and employee benefits businesses of Mercer and Marsh to form Mercer Health & Benefits, an organization with unparalleled depth and breadth in this important marketplace.
In addition, Mercer Human Resource Consulting invested to transform, broaden, and grow its retirement and human capital consulting and HR outsourcing businesses. It also launched Mercer Global Investments, a multi-manager investment business, in the United States, based on its successful investment business in Australia, and plans to extend this business to other countries. Mercer Human Resource Consulting offers a powerful combination of services to take advantage of the excellent growth potential of its marketplace.
The Mercer Specialty Consulting businesses
are also leading players in their specific areas
of expertise. This group had excellent revenue growth in 2005, increasing revenues 17 percent to $909 million, due to strong demand for specialized consulting advice in financial services and risk management, strategy and operations, and economic consulting. As a global provider of sophisticated consulting advice, Mercer Specialty Consulting should continue to grow in 2006, and we will con- tinue to pursue acquisitions that broaden the scope of its consulting services.
INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
Putnam’s revenues declined 12 percent to $1.5 billion in 2005 from $1.7 billion, similar to the 10 percent decline in average assets under management. Putnam had $189 billion in assets under management at the end of 2005, compared with $213 billion at year-end 2004.
Putnam’s investment performance improved in 2005. For the year, Putnam funds provided competi- tive results in every category when measured against their peers and benchmark indexes. Putnam’s investor services once again exceeded industry standards, winning top honors from DALBAR for the 14th year since 1990 for service excellence to share- holders, annuity contract holders, and brokers.
Putnam’s goal is to provide annual returns to investors that are both consistent and dependable and that become superior over the long term. Putnam offers a variety of mutual funds in every asset class as well as other financial products. Its funds are managed by teams of investment profes- sionals with a balance of skills and experience, including traditional and quantitative research tech- niques. Putnam’s 3,000 employees are dedicated to
  
 helping investors around the world meet their investment goals. MMC has invested in Putnam’s future by investing in both its senior management team, which has been instrumental in leading the company’s recovery, and its professional staff.
LOOKING AHEAD
MMC will move forward aggressively and with a sense of urgency to make changes to maximize long-term shareholder value. Our vision is to be the world’s leading global advice and solutions firm. Through our expertise and commitment to excel- lence, we are dedicated to managing risk, maximizing growth, and creating value for our clients and share- holders. We have strategic plans and executable goals that will make this vision a reality.
To enhance the financial performance of each operating company, MMC is standardizing and simplifying its business processes, establishing best practices, and using technology to make its opera- tions more efficient. The benefit will be the ability to focus more effectively on providing exceptional service to our clients. We are creating a global IT infra- structure for MMC to support our efforts, and have named a chief technology officer to lead the charge.
MMC will move forward as one company, with a common purpose to enhance shareholder value. To the extent that there are synergies among our busi- nesses, we will encourage collaboration among them to deliver comprehensive solutions that address the complex needs of our clients. Our businesses will act based on a common philosophy and culture. We will put our clients first, analyze their problems, and find the right individuals globally who can provide the best solutions. One MMC will mean thought leader- ship in value-added services.
The steps we are taking should improve the performance of each of our companies and increase the value of MMC as a whole. In 2006, employees of MMC will be judged on performance: performance for our clients, our colleagues, and our company. Over 75 percent of my own compensation will be variable, tied to, among other factors, company and personal objectives such as short- and long-term growth in earnings and revenues, implementation of strategic plans, and compliance. All of our most
senior executives will be compensated similarly, on a performance basis, with individual measures tailored to their particular jobs. When MMC is more success- ful, our executives will be more successful. That is the essence of one company.
We were pleased to welcome two new members to the MMC Board of Directors this January—Leslie M. Baker, Jr. and Marc D. Oken. We extend our thanks and appreciation to Robert F. Erburu, who will be retiring from the Board at MMC’s annual meeting in May. Bob served as non-executive chairman of the Board from March 2005, following his service as lead director of the Board from October 2004. He has been a member of the Board of Directors since 1996.
Sandra S. Wijnberg, senior vice president and chief financial officer of MMC since 2000, is resigning from MMC in March 2006. She is succeeded by
M. Michele Burns, who joins MMC as executive vice president and chief financial officer. We greatly appreciate the substantial contributions Sandra has made to MMC and wish her the best for the future.
For 135 years, MMC has developed a reputation as a client-focused organization. Talented and dedicated MMC colleagues around the world remain deeply committed to meeting and exceeding our clients’ highest expectations while maintaining the highest professional standards. With that strength as our base, I am confident about the future.
MMC’s 55,000 colleagues have demonstrated
the ability to persevere in difficult times and continue to provide superior service to clients. As we look ahead, MMC’s focus remains the same—to maximize long-term shareholder value. Our objectives are clear, our will is strong, and the result should be a more profitable, faster growing, more valuable MMC.
Michael G. Cherkasky
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 1, 2006
  5
