  LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT AND CEO
  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
2010was a very good year for Marsh & McLennan Companies. It was a
year that saw us emerge from the global recession a stronger, more focused organization; a year
that saw us successfully execute on our global growth strat- egy; and a year that saw us deliver strong financial results and improved shareholder return while investing in our future.
We began the year with a sense of cautious optimism about economic conditions and a growing confidence in our vision to re-establish Marsh & McLennan Companies as an elite global enterprise – not just in relation to our direct competitors, but with respect to other leading companies. While the economic recovery has proceeded more slowly than any of us would like, we are on our way to realizing our long-term aspirations.
Our primary goal for the year was to drive top- and bottom-line growth across the enterprise, growing revenue organically and through strategic acquisitions. I’m happy to report that we’ve met these objectives: We are pleased with our level
of revenue growth for the full year, which was 7 percent as reported, and 3 percent on an underlying basis. Importantly, we achieved this solid revenue growth while effffffectively managing expenses.
STRONG REVENUE GROWTH ACROSS ALL SEGMENTS
Both of our operating segments produced strong underlying revenue growth in 2010. Adjusted operating income increased 10 percent at Risk & Insurance Services and
16 percent at Consulting. Both segments also increased adjusted operating margins for the year.*
In the Risk & Insurance Services space, Marsh’s underlying revenue growth rate increased each quarter in 2010 – most encouraging, the growth was fueled primarily by new busi- ness development. Guy Carpenter also had a very good year, and we are especially pleased with the expansion of its international operations.
Consulting operations, by their nature, are more sensitive to macroeconomic trends – especially GDP growth. Despite headwinds, both Mercer and Oliver Wyman grew adjusted operating income in 2010,* and we’re confident our Consulting businesses have successfully weathered the global economic downturn.
We also continued our acquisition strategy with the ongoing development of Marsh & McLennan Agency. In the past
15 months, we’ve completed 10 acquisitions that have added annualized revenue approaching $300 million. Ultimately, we expect this business to exceed $800 million in annual revenue.
By combining revenue growth with prudent expense man- agement, we produced strong earnings growth in 2010: Adjusted operating income increased from $1.3 billion in 2009 to $1.5 billion in 2010, an increase of 14 percent.*
We produced these results despite the continuing challenges presented by an economic recovery that has struggled to maintain momentum; soft market conditions in the global property and casualty insurance marketplace; and histori- cally low interest rates, which significantly reduced fiduciary income. Credit for our success rests squarely on the shoulders of our more than 50,000 colleagues worldwide, and I thank them for their hard work and dedication to our great firm.
 * For a reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results, please refer to the Company’s Form 8-K, dated February 15, 2011, available on the Company’s website at www.mmc.com.

   We’ve articulated a growth strategy for the firm, with the goal of building Marsh & McLennan Companies as an elite business enterprise valued by our clients, our colleagues, and our shareholders.
  A COMPELLING STORY TO TELL
While we are very proud of our 2010 performance, our results are really the latest chapter of a story that began several years ago, when our focus turned to stabilizing the Company and improving financial performance. This was especially true
in the Risk & Insurance Services segment, where we had to re-examine – and fundamentally reconstruct – an operating model that was headed in the wrong direction. At the same time, we were faced with the task of effffffectively managing our overall business through the economic downturn.
But thanks to the efffffforts of the Marsh leadership team,
and the talent and resiliency of 25,000 dedicated Marsh colleagues, I can say with confidence that the turnaround we began three years ago at Marsh is complete. Today,
the organization has a renewed sense of purpose, a fierce will to win, and colleagues committed to growth. The story is just as positive at Guy Carpenter: The world’s premier risk and reinsurance intermediary has now produced eight consecutive quarters of revenue growth, reflecting strong new business development and high client retention over the past two years.
In our Consulting segment, our challenge was to effffffectively manage our businesses through the global recession, while at the same time investing in our capabilities to ensure we were well-positioned to capitalize on opportunities once the
economic recovery began. Mercer invested in the strengthen- ing of its capabilities across Consulting, Outsourcing, and Investments; Oliver Wyman continued to carefully manage expenses while building capacity in areas that present significant opportunities, such as health and life sciences, and energy. Today, our Consulting portfolio is stronger than ever, and focused on growth.
The next chapter in our story involved the resolution of issues that impeded our ability to grow our margins and invest in our business. The last two years have seen us resolve long-run- ning regulatory issues, settle litigation matters, and restore a level playing field regarding the use of contingent commis- sions in the brokerage arena.
With the resolution of these matters, we were able to sharpen our strategic direction. After careful review, we made the decision to divest Kroll, which in addition to freeing up cash, allows us to focus exclusively on our core Risk & Insurance Services and Consulting businesses.
We’ve also articulated a growth strategy for the firm, with
the goal of building Marsh & McLennan Companies as an
elite business enterprise valued by our clients, our colleagues, and our shareholders. At the core of this strategy are four pillars that are designed to create exceptional value and superior returns for investors:
 
  Our top priority for 2011 is profitable revenue growth across all of our businesses. We will seek to achieve this through a combination of organic growth and by expanding our capabilities in both Risk & Insurance Services and Consulting.
  1. Consistent, long-term growth: We will seek to achieve sustained growth in revenue and earnings per share. We are proud of our strong financial performance in 2010, and we plan to continue to grow the firm both organically and through our ongoing acquisition strategy.
2. Low capital requirements: Low capital usage will continue to be one of our Company’s key operating principles. We will not acquire or develop businesses that require signifi- cant capital investment.
3. High cash generation: Maintaining earnings quality is fundamental to our future success, and we will seek to consistently generate significant cash to fund acquisitions, investments, and dividends. I am pleased to report that
in 2010, we made excellent progress against this strategic pillar: As a result of our strong cash generation, we were able to de-lever our balance sheet with the payment of
a $550 million debt maturity; increase our quarterly dividend by 5 percent; and, with the authorization of our Board of Directors, initiate a share repurchase program
in the fourth quarter.
4. Low risk profile: We will continue to focus on minimizing and managing operational risk. In 2010, we appointed a Chief Risk Offifficer for the firm, and revamped our approach to enterprise risk management.
We will support this strategy in 2011 by continuing our work against a number of long-term, targeted objectives first established last year.
Our top priority for 2011 is profitable revenue growth across all of our businesses. We will seek to achieve this through
a combination of organic growth and by expanding our capabilities in both Risk & Insurance Services and Consulting.
We will continue to de-risk the firm. We are in the process of rolling out a best-in-class Code of Conduct to all colleagues, setting forth the very highest standards of business ethics and integrity. Additionally, we continue to refine and improve our enterprise risk management process.
We realize that achieving our aspirations won’t be possible without committed, motivated colleagues. As such, colleague engagement remains a key internal priority. In 2011, the firm will utilize technology to enable connections and communication between colleagues, implement a global talent management platform that maximizes learning and development opportunities for all employees, and maintain an unwavering commitment to promoting a diverse and inclusive work environment.
Additionally, we will continue to unlock potential value of the firm by working more effffffectively across our individual businesses to weave the company together. We believe
 
 We believe no other firm can match the breadth of our portfolio, the depth of our expertise, and the strength of our commitment to creating lasting partnerships with clients.
  we can leverage our global scale to realize cost effifficiencies and also capitalize on adjacencies between our companies to create revenue opportunities.
TELLING OUR STORY IN THE MARKETPLACE
I think it’s fair to say that we are not the same company we were just a few short years ago – and to illustrate this point, we have stopped referring to ourselves as “MMC.” We have returned to our historical roots by reinstituting the corporate name Marsh & McLennan Companies.
At first glance, this is a subtle change. But, in returning to
a name from the past, we are conveying something new through a revitalized look and feel for the Company. We believe no other firm can match the breadth of our portfolio, the depth of our expertise, and the strength of our commit- ment to creating lasting partnerships with clients. Through a highly focused approach that leverages our most important asset – our people – we will tell our story in the marketplace and reinforce our position as a pre-eminent global team of professional services companies.
CHANGES TO THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
2011 will also see changes to the Marsh & McLennan Companies Board of Directors, beginning with the retirement of current Independent Chairman Stephen Hardis in May. Steve’s leadership was critical in helping Marsh & McLennan Companies navigate the turbulent waters of the last several
years, and under his stewardship, we emerged from these challenges a stronger, more dynamic enterprise. We owe him a debt of gratitude and wish him well.
Succeeding Steve as Independent Chairman is Lord Ian Lang of Monkton. A former member of the British Parliament and a former Secretary of State for Scotland, Lord Lang will undoubtedly provide outstanding leadership as the firm continues its journey toward becoming one of the world’s elite growth enterprises.
Additionally, I’d like to recognize Gwendolyn King, who will retire from the Board of Directors this May, after more than a decade of service.
In closing, I once again thank our colleagues for their outstanding work, our clients for their continued trust, and our shareholders for recognizing the long-term value of the enterprise.
Sincerely,
Brian Duperreault
President and CEO
Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc.
February 25, 2011
 