Letter From The Chairman Dear Shareholder
2007 was difficult for MMC. We missed the performance goals we had set, which was disappointing to shareholders and the Board. As a result, MMC’s directors devoted a great deal of time during the year to analyzing and taking action to enhance the company’s future.
The Board continues to believe that MMC’s principal businesses represent exceptionally strong franchises. At the same time, we are acutely aware that the level of performance demonstrated by MMC in 2007 was unacceptable. This prompted the Board to make key changes in senior leadership. The most significant of these were the appointments of Brian Duperreault as president and chief executive officer of MMC and Dan Glaser as chairman and chief executive officer of Marsh.
Brian Duperreault speaks about his plans for MMC in the accompanying CEO’s letter. I will briefly summarize MMC’s operating results in 2007 and the Board’s view of the future.
MMC’s financial results in 2007 fell far short of our expectations. While consolidated revenue grew 8 percent, consolidated operating income fell 12 percent.
In our Risk and Insurance Services segment, Marsh’s sharp decline in profitability contributed to a 25 percent drop in segment operating income compared with 2006. Guy Carpenter did reasonably well in a difficult reinsurance market, increasing revenue slightly over 2006.
Kroll, which comprises our Risk Consulting and Technology segment, suffered a marked decline in profitability, as segment operating income fell 29 percent year-over-year.
By contrast, our Consulting segment, comprising Mercer and Oliver Wyman Group, continued to perform exceptionally well. Segment revenue grew 16 percent, which helped drive a
30 percent improvement in profitability over 2006.
In August 2007, MMC completed the sale of Putnam for $3.9 billion in cash. While Putnam had been an exceptional performer in most of the years it was part of MMC, the Board concluded that it was now essential for management to concentrate its attention on our Risk and Insurance Services and Consulting businesses. The sale of Putnam enabled MMC to repurchase $1.3 billion of outstanding common stock during 2007. The Board’s desire to return cash to shareholders was also demonstrated by our decision in January 2008 to increase MMC’s quarterly dividend from $.19 to $.20 per share.
In the second half of 2007, the Board concluded that new leadership was required for MMC to translate its franchise value into stronger returns for shareholders. I believe the executive team now in place is capable of doing that.
The Board appointed Brian Duperreault as MMC’s president and chief executive officer in January 2008. Brian is a proven leader in the insurance industry, with a history of delivering value to shareholders. He was chairman and chief executive officer of ACE Limited from 1994 to 2004 and continued as chairman through 2007. Under Brian’s leadership, ACE grew from a boutique catastrophe insurance specialist into a global multi-line commercial enterprise, and recorded a nearly 19-fold increase in market capitalization. Prior to his tenure at ACE, Brian worked at AIG for over 20 years, eventually becoming executive vice president of AIG Foreign General Insurance and chairman and chief executive officer of AIG’s American International Underwriters. Brian is a highly regarded insurance industry veteran. We are extremely pleased to have him at MMC’s helm.
      
The Board appointed Dan Glaser as chairman and chief executive officer of Marsh in December 2007. Dan has the combination of vision, industry knowledge, and managerial skills required to get Marsh back on track. In his most recent role, he served for five years as managing director of AIG Europe (U.K.). Previously, he was president and chief operating officer of Willis Risk Solutions, the Willis large accounts practice. I am especially confident in Dan because he knows the Marsh culture—he began his career at the company and spent a decade serving Marsh clients in New York, London, and Saudi Arabia.
Also, in January 2008, the Board welcomed Bruce Nolop as a new independent director. Bruce was until recently executive vice president and chief financial officer of Pitney Bowes, and has extensive previous experience in the investment banking and consumer products industries. The Board will benefit from his financial and strategic insight.
Finally, I will add a note on corporate governance at MMC. It is strong. Over the last two years, the Board has made a deliberate effort to introduce best governance practices in the interest of transparency and accountability to shareholders. The several steps we have taken include strengthening the Board’s independence (11 of our 12 directors are independent), introducing majority voting in director elections, and determining to declassify the Board’s structure so that all directors face election annually. MMC will ask shareholders to approve this declassification at the annual meeting in May 2008.
MMC has faced difficult times. You have been patient. You deserve to benefit from the underlying strength of MMC’s franchises, as shareholders have throughout most of this corporation’s proud history. As we move forward, I am optimistic that you will.
Sincerely,
Stephen R. Hardis
Chairman
March 31, 2008
      