Michael Michael G. G. Cherkasky Cherkasky

Dear Shareholder

operating efficiencies, strengthen and leverage our market-leading knowledge and resources, and evolve our business model to increase revenues and profitability. We migrated toward greater standardization of business processes, better client-profitability metrics, and more effective compensation systems. We focused on improving the operations and financial performance of each operating company, simultaneously seizing opportunities to leverage MMC as a whole. There remains a great deal of work to be done, but today we are more client-centric, efficient, and profitable.

F

or MMC, 2006 was a pivotal year. It was a year of transformation--one in which we built a strong foundation to grow MMC's preeminent brands. We began to increase

FINANCIAL RESULTS management team delivered commitment to achieve revenue growth and Thishis management team delivered on on its its commitment to achieve revenue growth and cost in 2006. MMC's revenues grew 3 percent to $11.9 billion. Operating cost reduction in reduction 2006. MMC's revenues grew 3 percent to $11.9 billion. Operating income increased

T

income increased percent $1.5 billion. Net income more than doubled to $990 million. 71 percent to $1.5 71 billion. Netto income more than doubled to $990 million. Income from continuing Income from continuing operations more than The doubled to quarter $818 million. The fourth quarter of 2006 operations more than doubled to $818 million. fourth of 2006 was a particularly signifwas aperiod particularly significant periodafor MMC. We achieved a 9 percent increase in revenues--the icant for MMC. We achieved 9 percent increase in revenues--the strongest growth in three strongest growth in three years. It was the sixth straight quarter in which we reduced ourIn yearyears. It was the sixth straight quarter in which we reduced our year-over-year expenses. terms over-year expenses. In terms profitability, we achieved a more than threefold in of profitability, we achieved aof more than threefold increase in operating incomeincrease in the fourth operating incomegrowth, in the fourth quarter. Top-line growth, despite in challenging market conditions quarter. Top-line despite challenging market conditions risk and insurance services, in riskthis andincrease. insurance services, drove this increase. drove

As a result of strong operating cash flows, successful restructuring actions, and strategic dispositions, total net debt at the end of 2006 was $2.9 billion, a reduction of $640 million from the end of 2005. We also raised MMC's quarterly cash dividend 12 percent to $.19 per share payable in the first quarter. One of MMC's historic strengths has been its financial flexibility, which has given the company the ability to grow. We dramatically improved our financial position in 2006. MMC has enormous opportunities for investment in its businesses, and we are poised for meaningful growth in 2007.

ONGOING TRANSFORMATION To foster growth, reinforce our focus on excellence, and improve our governance structure, we must be willing to embrace change. Our actions in 2006 indicate that we are successfully doing so. Putnam has been an important contributor to MMC's success over the last three decades, but we have decided to focus on growing our risk and human capital businesses to achieve superior long-term shareholder return. In January, Great-West Lifeco, a subsidiary of Montreal-based Power Financial Corporation, agreed to purchase Putnam for $3.9 billion in cash. We expect this transaction to close in the middle of 2007 , subject to certain customary conditions. In September, we named Matt Bartley chief financial officer of MMC. Matt had been our treasurer for the prior five years. He has an intimate knowledge of the financial dynamics of MMC's operating companies and will be an integral part of MMC's growth. In May, we were pleased to welcome Steve Hardis as non-executive chairman of MMC's Board of Directors. Steve has been a member of the Board since 1998. He is an effective leader and valuable partner. Under Steve's leadership, the Board has continued its ongoing review of MMC's corporate governance practices and implemented a number of significant changes. Among other things, the Board implemented stock ownership requirements for directors and executive officers, and adopted a bylaw providing for majority voting in uncontested director elections. These changes are the latest in a series of governance enhancements we have made in the last two years.

GROWTH: PRIORITY ONE MMC is in the right markets at the right time. Risk and human capital issues are dominating today's headlines and corporate agendas. There are hazard risks including fire, flood, and earthquake; financial risks such as currency volatility, interest rate swings, and loan defaults; operational risks such as technology failures and supply chain interruption; strategic risks associated with technological advances, formidable competition, and major shifts in the perception of established brands; and human capital risks such as competition for talent, increasing pension liabilities, and rapidly rising healthcare costs. These risks are front page in our newspapers and front-of-mind for our clients. As a result, the demand for comprehensive risk solutions is growing rapidly. Our companies help clients identify, plan for and respond to today's critical issues and risks. Marsh, Guy Carpenter, Kroll, Mercer Human Resource Consulting, and Mercer Specialty

2

Consulting are market leaders with exceptional people and distinguished global clients. In short, we have the global platform and depth of talent and expertise to help clients turn critical issues and risks into competitive advantages. Each of our operating companies has specific strategic plans and targets in place, yet across many of our businesses there are common themes: continued operational improvements; training and professional development for our colleagues; aggressive recruiting; accelerated investment in high-potential markets such as Asia; expanded presence in European and other more established markets; advancement of our leadership position in the U.S. middle market; product innovation; and diversification of product and service offerings. Our operating company leaders offer more insights about their plans in the pages that follow. To achieve our goals, our companies will focus on core competencies in risk and human capital. They will continue to refine their business models and pursue collaborative opportunities across the MMC spectrum to deliver integrated advice and solutions. The needs of our clients are our responsibility and also represent an opportunity to grow MMC.

LOOKING AHEAD We have so many ways to win as a company. Our colleagues are innovators and entrepreneurs who have the ideas, ingenuity, drive, and experience to fuel our growth. They act with integrity, resolve, and a sense of urgency in serving our clients. We have a clear operational and strategic imperative--use our superior brands and distribution to drive the growth of our businesses, and to do so efficiently. MMC made significant progress in 2006, but we can--and will--do better. We view 2007 as a year of opportunity, a year of innovation and imagination. It is a year for decisive action. We will continue to move forward aggressively to improve our results in 2007 and beyond. We expect to achieve higher revenues, operating income, and margins. Over the next three years, our companies will work together to leverage our market-leading positions to deliver exceptional value to our clients, shareholders, and colleagues alike. For 135 years, MMC has built a reputation for excellence and is now the world's leading global advice and solutions firm. This is just the beginning of our turnaround. Our management team is energized, optimistic, and focused. We are committed to bringing MMC back to its former glory--and more.

Sincerely,

Michael G. Cherkasky President and Chief Executive Officer

February 28, 2007

3

