Martin J. Barrington, Chairman of the Board, CEO and President

Dear Fellow Shareholders
Our Mission
Our Mission is to own and develop financially disciplined businesses that are leaders in responsibly providing adult tobacco and wine consumers with superior branded products.

Our Goals
l l l l

Invest In Leadership Satisfy Adult Consumers Align With Society Create Substantial Value

 for Shareholders

Our Values
l l l l

Integrity, Trust & Respect

 Passion to Succeed  Executing With Quality  Driving Creativity Into   Sharing With Others

 Everything We Do
l

We are pleased to report that Altria delivered yet another year of excellent business results and outstanding returns for our shareholders.  In 2015, Altria grew its adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) by nearly 9% in-line with our long-term 7% to 9% growth objective. We also returned approximately 80% of our adjusted diluted EPS to shareholders in the form of dividends.  Our heritage of consistent, longterm performance, profit growth and returning cash to shareholders continues to be why we believe Altria is such an attractive investment. In fact, several financial media outlets called Altria "America's Most Successful Stock" in modern history. Altria's 2015 total shareholder return of 23.1% far outpaced both the S&P 500 and S&P Food, Beverage and Tobacco indexes, marking the third consecutive year that total shareholder return has exceeded 20%.  We take great pride in furthering the entrepreneurial legacies of the founders of our businesses. Our tobacco companies are stewards of leading premium brands built over as many as 180 years, a leadership position we don't take for granted.  Our Mission and Values define and guide our companies' and employees' behaviors in this pursuit.

Our Three Core Strategies
We pursue three strategies to deliver on our long-term financial goals: l maximize income from our core   tobacco businesses over the   long term; l grow new income streams   through innovative tobacco   products; and l manage our diverse income   streams and strong balance   sheet to deliver consistent   financial performance.

Maximizing the Core
In 2015, our core tobacco companies grew their operating companies income (OCI) and strengthened their market leadership positions.  In the smokeable products segment, PM USA and Middleton had an outstanding year, growing adjusted OCI nearly 11%. PM USA's flagship brand, Marlboro, led the way. With over 60 years of retail share growth, Marlboro continued to enhance its offerings, expanding Marlboro Midnight Menthol nationally to build on the very positive momentum we've seen from the Marlboro Black family. Marlboro also continued to innovate by expanding its pioneering mobile couponing capability and launching an age-verified mobile app. These investments helped PM USA increase

2

Marlboro's retail share by 0.2 share points to 44%, a record high.  USSTC, with nearly 55% share of the smokeless category, generated more than $1.1 billion in OCI in 2015. The smokeless products segment grew adjusted OCI by nearly 5% behind USSTC's two leading premium brands, Copenhagen and Skoal, which increased their combined retail share by 0.3 retail share points to 51.3%.

Innovating for Our Future
As we maximize the contribution from our core tobacco businesses, we continue to invest for the future with new, innovative tobacco products. Nu Mark is building a portfolio of such products using its strong internal capabilities and agreements with third parties.  In 2015, Nu Mark introduced and then expanded MarkTen XL in select retail chains, furthered Green Smoke's lead market presence and supplemented our 2013 agreement with Philip Morris International to include joint research and development on e-vapor products.

 In beer, Altria, SABMiller's largest shareholder, supported the approximately $107 billion business combination between Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV and SABMiller, which would create the first truly global beer company. We strongly believe that the deal is in the best interest of our shareholders, offering a significant premium on our very large beer investment and continued participation in the global beer profit pool on attractive terms.  Our track record of returning cash to shareholders is unparalleled. In August 2015, Altria's Board of Directors voted to increase our dividend by 8.7% to $2.26 per share on an annualized basis, the 49th increase in the past 46 years. Altria paid nearly $4.2 billion in dividends during the year.

Investing In Communities
Community investment where we live and work is deeply rooted in our culture. Every year, our companies donate millions of dollars to non-profit organizations in areas such as Youth Development, the Environment, Arts & Culture and support for our Military. In fact, our corporate contributions to the arts span nearly six decades.

We continue to work constructively with FDA to shape reas onable, scienceand evidence- based regulation by sharing our industry experience and knowledge.

Culture of Compliance and Responsibility
Success for us also means achieving results the right way. Altria, its companies and employees are focused on continuously improving our culture of compliance and responsibility and working to resolve societal concerns relevant to our business. We were pleased that Corporate Responsibility Magazine ranked Altria #25 on its 2015 "100 Best Corporate Citizens List," the fifth consecutive year Altria appeared on the list.  Altria supports meaningful Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulation of all tobacco products, and FDA has completed inspections at each of our regulated companies' facilities. We continue to work constructively with FDA to shape reasonable, scienceand evidence- based regulation by sharing our industry experience and knowledge.  Our operating companies continue investing in our Success 360° initiative, by supporting leading national and local non-profits like the Boys & Girls Clubs and Big Brothers Big Sisters to promote the healthy development of kids and help them avoid risky behaviors like tobacco use.

Diversity and Inclusion
Great companies seek and value differences to drive success and fuel innovation, and we've had a three-year initiative to do just that. Just as our companies focus on understanding their consumers, we're becoming more intentional about working inclusively and learning about our differences to drive better solutions to our business challenges.  Our internal efforts are being noticed externally. For the third straight year, Altria was named to DiversityInc's list of 25 Noteworthy Companies for Diversity, and last year, Altria was named to Forbes' America's Best Employers List.  In summary, Altria had a great year in 2015. We continue to harness the strengths of our company's heritage to support innovation for the future.  Thank you for your continuing interest and commitment to Altria, and for the continuing privilege of leading this great company.

Our tobacco companies are stewards of leading premium brands built over as many as 180 years, a leadership position we don't take for granted. Managing Our Diverse Income Streams and Strong Balance Sheet to Deliver Consistent Financial Performance
Our diverse business model, including unique positions in the wine and beer categories, supports our ability to consistently deliver on our financial objectives and pay a strong and growing dividend to our shareholders.  Altria owns Ste. Michelle Wine Estates, a leading domestic producer, importer and distributor of premium wines. In 2015, Ste. Michelle grew its OCI by more than 13%, and its wines earned more than 250 90+ ratings.

Martin J. Barrington Chairman of the Board, CEO and President March 1, 2016
3

