Dear Shareholder
I am pleased to report that Altria Group, Inc. performed well from a financial perspective and made excellent progress toward its major strategic objectives during 2004. We entered 2005 in a better competitive position than we have enjoyed in several years, and our operating companies are well positioned for future growth.
Over the past several years, we have steadfastly stuck to 2004 Results our strategic plan to secure organic growth, supported Our operating companies responded to a challenging 2004 Total Return* by effective marketing and innovation, and compleenvironment in 2004 with effective strategies that mented by meaningful acquisitions. Marketing expenfocused on developing breakthrough innovation; buildditures have been restored to competitive levels at our ing brand equity and superior product quality to justify operating companies, price gaps have been addressed a premium price; reducing costs; investing in mar18.4% with rigor, and the quality of products and programs has keting infrastructure and research & development; been enhanced. We are witnessing more innovation and increasing speed-to-market and geographic expansion; more activity on the business development front. And effectively managing price gaps; and securing fair very importantly, societal alignment initiatives are plactobacco excise taxes. These strategies are designed to ing our operating companies at the forefront of the secure both top- and bottom-line growth, and were 10.9% tobacco and food industries. effectively implemented. Total shareholder return for our stock was 18.4% Philip Morris USA (PM USA) and Philip Morris Inter9.2% for 2004, exceeding that of the Standard & Poor's national (PMI) both delivered very good results, with 500 by a considerable margin. We are determined to strong income growth and retail share increases at PM build on these results by continuing to improve each of USA, driven by Marlboro, and solid volume and share 5.3% our operating companies and by taking action to growth at PMI in many key international markets, with maximize returns to shareholders over the long the notable exception of Germany. Kraft's results term, in a manner consistent with the interests of reflected higher commodity costs and the significant all stakeholders. investments it is making as part of its Sustainable In November 2004, I announced that, for significant Growth Plan. Dow Altria NASDAQ S&P 500 Jones Group business reasons, the Board of Directors is looking at a For the full year 2004, Altria's net revenues *Dividends and Price Appreciation number of restructuring alternatives, including the posincreased 10.2% to $89.6 billion, while earnings from sibility of separating the organization into two, or potencontinuing operations increased 3.3% to $9.4 billion. tially three, strong and independent entities. Continuing Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations improvement in the entire litigation environment is a prerequisite to such rose 2% to $4.57, including net charges of $0.10 per share in 2004. action by the Board, and the timing and chronology of events are uncerOur robust cash flow allowed the Board to raise the dividend 7.4%, to tain. However, we are preparing for a separation at the appropriate time, an annual rate of $2.92 per common share, marking the 37th time in 35 should that decision be made. years that the dividend has been increased.

4

Altria's financial results were buoyed by a number of favorable developments, including gains from currency, tax accrual reversals and our investment in SABMiller. However, these gains were largely offset by a number of unanticipated costs during the year, including a surge in commodity costs at Kraft and the landmark agreement at PMI with the European Community (E.C.) to combat contraband and counterfeit products. I am particularly pleased that as the year unfolded, our business momentum improved, primarily as a result of investments made during the past several years. Domestic Tobacco In our domestic tobacco business, PM USA's net revenues increased 3.0% to $17.5 billion in 2004, and operating companies income grew 13.3% to $4.4 billion for the year, primarily driven by savings resulting from changes

to trade programs in 2004 and charges related to the 2003 tobacco growers' settlement, partially offset by increased costs including state settlement agreements. While PM USA's cigarette shipment volume was down slightly for the full year 2004 at 187.1 billion units, it achieved a retail share gain of more than a full share point, driven by Marlboro. Shipment volume and retail share performance since the fourth quarter of 2002 has been outstanding for Marlboro, due in part to PM USA's integrated strategy that has kept Marlboro's price gap with the lowest-priced brands at the mid-40% level on average. Although PM USA has been increasingly successful in pursuing its societal alignment initiatives, regrettably, Congressional legislation providing for regulation of the tobacco industry by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) was not passed in 2004. Although this was a significant disappointment, obtaining FDA regulation of the tobacco industry

Corporate Management Committee
Seated Front Row (left to right) Nancy J. De Lisi, Senior Vice President, Mergers and Acquisitions; Louis C. Camilleri, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Dinyar S. Devitre, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Michael E. Szymanczyk, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Philip Morris USA Inc. Standing Back Row (left to right) Kenneth F. Murphy, Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration; David I. Greenberg, Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer; Steven C. Parrish, Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs; Roger K. Deromedi, Chief Executive Officer, Kraft Foods Inc.; Charles R. Wall, Senior Vice President and General Counsel; André Calantzopoulos, President and Chief Executive Officer, Philip Morris International Inc.; G. Penn Holsenbeck, Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Corporate Secretary

5

remains a key priority. The U.S. Congress did approve a buyout of the U.S. tobacco growers' quota system, which may provide benefits to both PM USA and PMI over the long term. Overall, I believe that despite a challenging environment, PM USA is on a solid footing and has returned to both stability and predictability.

International Tobacco In our international tobacco business, PMI had a very solid year in the face of difficult circumstances. Its volume increased 3.5% to 761.4 billion units in 2004. PMI's share of the international cigarette market (excluding the U.S. and worldAltria Group, Inc. wide duty-free) was an estimated 14.5% in 2004. Annualized Dividend Rate Operating companies income rose 4.5% to $6.6 billion, Food Per Share 5-Year 5-Year aided by favorable currency of $540 million and other Kraft Foods (Kraft) is focused on becoming a more nimCAGR* CAGR* 8.7% 8.7% factors, partially offset by a $250 million pre-tax charge ble, execution-oriented, cost-effective competitor in catfor the E.C. agreement and other items. egories with growth and profit potential. It is successfully $2.92 Changing consumption patterns, driven primarily executing against its Sustainable Growth Plan, which by national tax policies, presented PMI with challenges included an increase in marketing spending of approxiin major Western European markets during 2004. PMI mately $460 million in 2004, to drive top-line growth. took aggressive action to address those challenges, and As a result, Kraft's net revenues were up 5.5% for its situation has stabilized in France and Italy. However, the year. Importantly, Kraft's revenue growth acceler$2.12 significant challenges remain in Germany, where cigaated in the fourth quarter, and grew in all four quarters rette consumption is declining as consumers are tradin North America, providing solid evidence that the ing down to lower-priced tobacco products, particularly actions being taken at Kraft are having their intended tobacco portions, which are taxed at much lower rates effect. Kraft's volume was up 2.8% for the year. Operatthan cigarettes under the current tax policy. The cigaing income declined 21.3% to $4.6 billion in 2004, rette market in Germany was down 15.5% in 2004, while primarily as a result of costs associated with its restructobacco portions volume more than doubled for the turing program, additional marketing spending and year. The combined consumption of cigarettes and other unfavorable commodity costs. tobacco products was down a more modest 7.0%. Kraft created a new global organization in January 2000 2004 PMI is participating vigorously in other tobacco 2004, and made excellent progress on its restructuring product segments in Germany, and will do so until taxes plans as the year progressed. The restructuring proare equalized. While PMI is progressively ramping up gram is expected to cost a total of $1.2 billion over three capacity, unfortunately, it may not be in a position to years, of which approximately $600 million is expected meet demand fully until the third quarter of 2005. Within this environment, to require cash payments. Kraft projects $400 million in annualized cost Marlboro, with a market share of about 30%, has held its own in the Gersavings by 2006. man cigarette market. PMI's share of the premium segment, at more than Kraft continues to transform its product portfolio through internal 70%, continues to exhibit strong growth. innovation, acquisitions and divestitures. During the fourth quarter of Market strength and favorable currency have allowed PMI to invest in 2004, Kraft reached agreements to divest its sugar confectionery, U.K. its brands. Although Marlboro's international volume declined 1.3% for the desserts and U.S. yogurt businesses. Those transactions are expected to year, it was up 2.6% excluding France and Germany, and market share be completed by mid-2005. gains were widespread for Marlboro, with solid increases achieved in Kraft North America Commercial's revenue momentum increased many markets. PMI has also transformed L&M into the No. 3 cigarette significantly in 2004, while the acquisition of Veryfine Products Inc. and its brand worldwide, and its volume was up 6.7% for 2004. L&M has estabFruit20 brand of zero-calorie flavored water added a promising growth candidate to the North American portfolio, as did Kraft's expanded distribulished significant shares in diverse markets throughout the world, and is tion agreement with Starbucks and its licensing agreement for Tazo tea. the number one international brand in Poland, Romania, Russia and The launch of Kraft's Back to Nature line marked a major entry into the fastTurkey. growing natural and organic category, and its South Beach Diet initiative is PMI has had success working with governments to secure fair excise very promising. Kraft International Commercial's revenue performance, tax structures in many of its key markets, with numerous countries adoptexcluding currency, was disappointing, due to price competition and other ing minimum excise taxes and several considering the adoption of minifactors. Kraft successfully launched Tassimo, its new, proprietary hot mum reference prices, following France's lead. These tax structures, which
6

are sensible from both a fiscal and health perspective, help ensure that price gaps are manageable in the face of fierce competitive price initiatives around the world. On the business development front, 2004 was an active year for PMI, with an acquisition in Finland, an increase in its shareholding to a 40% stake in Pakistan and market entries in South Africa and Nigeria. PMI also announced an acquisition in Colombia that is expected to be completed in 2005. With its powerful portfolio of brands and outstanding infrastructure in markets around the world, PMI is well positioned for growth in the years ahead.

beverage system, in France in 2004 and is expanding into more countries in 2005. New products will play a key role in Kraft's growth going forward, and Kraft is focusing on fewer, bigger and better ideas using a new fast-track process for key priorities. I am confident that Kraft is on track to achieving its full potential and can deliver stronger results in the years ahead. Philip Morris Capital Corporation and SABMiller Philip Morris Capital Corporation (PMCC) reported operating companies income of $144 million for 2004, significantly below results for 2003, reflecting an increase of $140 million in the provision for losses. The increase primarily related to PMCC's exposure to the troubled airline industry. Lease portfolio revenues were also lower, partially offset by gains from asset sales. While PMCC's exposure to the airline industry continues to be a concern, the increase in its allowance for losses brings the total provision to a level that I believe is prudent in light of the continuing turmoil within the airline sector. Absent that provision, PMCC had a very solid year, generating more than $800 million in cash flow for Altria. Since July 2002 we have held an economic interest in SABMiller, which now stands at 33.9%. We are pleased with our investment in SABMiller, which increased substantially in value last year. Under the terms of our investment, we are obliged to hold our stake in SABMiller until at least June 30, 2005, and as of this writing, no decision had been made regarding our future intentions. Improving Litigation Environment The positive trend in litigation that we have witnessed for several years continued in 2004, with favorable developments in numerous trial and appellate courts during the year. These included the Daniels class action and Whiteley individual case in California, the Hines "Lights" case in Florida, the Blankenship class action in West Virginia, the Blue Cross-Blue Shield reimbursement case in New York, and the pre-trial dismissal of individual cases in states across the country. For a more complete review of litigation, I refer you to Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. November 2004 was one of the most important months in tobacco litigation history, with arguments in the Florida Supreme Court on the Engle case, the Illinois Supreme Court on the Price case, and the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit on the disgorgement issue in the Department of Justice case. In the Department of Justice case, on February 4, 2005, the appellate court ruled that the civil Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) does not permit the federal government to seek disgorgement of past revenues and profits as a remedy in its case against PM USA and other defendants. We are, of course, pleased with the court's decision. We also remain confident that the law and facts support our defense in that case. We are optimistic about both the Engle and Price cases. In the Engle case, there is strong legal precedent in PM USA's favor on both class certification and punitive damages issues. In the Price case, PM USA has very strong arguments in its favor on both the merits and the fact that the case should never have been certified as a class action, based on the law in Illinois. We hope that

decisions in both Engle and Price will be issued by the middle of this year. Other "Lights" litigation remains a particular focus of attention. As with Engle and Price, we believe that the predominance of individual issues over so-called common issues makes class certifications inappropriate. Many of these cases are in their early stages, and we are hopeful that, as they proceed, our legal position will be vindicated. We are also encouraged by the recent passage of a class action reform bill in the U.S. Although there may be occasional negative headlines, we believe that the trend in tobacco litigation will continue to improve as 2005 unfolds and that the aggregate litigation risk will continue to decline. Corporate Governance and Board Developments All of our operating companies and corporate departments are governed by a strong, comprehensive set of explicit, enterprise-wide standards that make it clear that nothing is more important than compliance and integrity. We place great emphasis on the ethics, integrity and transparency of our financial statements, as well as our disciplined business policies and practices, which are overseen by your Board of Directors. 2004 was the first year that Altria and other publicly traded companies had to meet the new internal controls standards of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. I am pleased to say that we met the requirements of the new law, although compliance required a substantial investment of staff time. The 2005 proxy statement contains a comprehensive description of your Board and its committees, as well as the nominees for election to the Board at the 2005 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. I urge you to read the full statement and return your proxy card as soon as possible with your vote. In late 2004, your Board expanded to 12 directors with the election of George Muñoz and Dr. Harold Brown, who returns to the Board. Both are exceptionally well qualified and, I believe, will be of great help to us as we work through the strategic issues ahead. Outlook 2005 holds great promise for Altria, with the potential for resolution of several of our most difficult legal challenges and continued progress by our food and tobacco operating companies. As I have noted in the past, we cannot achieve our potential without a talented and committed workforce. We are privileged to have outstanding people at all levels of the organization, and I especially want to thank each of them for their many valuable contributions and for their tireless efforts on behalf of the Altria family of companies. Most importantly, our businesses are strong and we have the right strategies to deliver outstanding results in 2005 and solid growth over the long term.

Louis C. Camilleri Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 3, 2005
7

