Dear Shareholder
Our tobacco operating companies own the leading premium brands in the largest and most profitable domestic tobacco categories: cigarettes, smokeless tobacco and machine-made large cigars.
I am pleased to report that Altria delivered another year of strong results and returns for our shareholders in 2013. Altria grew its full-year 2013 adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) by 7.7%. Our total shareholder return of 28.6% for the full year outperformed the S&P 500's Food, Beverage and Tobacco sector. Our results were driven by our employees' continued focus on our Mission to own and develop financially disciplined businesses that are leaders in responsibly providing adult tobacco and wine consumers with superior branded products. How we conduct business is as important as the results we achieve. Our people work each day to deliver results with integrity, passion, creativity and quality execution that is visible in our companies' premium brands. Marlboro, Black & Mild, Copenhagen and Skoal continue to be market leaders in the tobacco industry. Our tobacco operating companies own the leading premium brands in the largest and most profitable domestic tobacco categories: cigarettes, smokeless tobacco and machinemade large cigars. In 2013, our core tobacco companies grew their operating companies income (OCI) and maintained market leadership in their respective categories, while building a foundation for future growth in innovative tobacco products. Altria made significant progress in 2013 against our four core strategies to Invest in Leadership, Align with Society, Satisfy Adult Consumers and Create Substantial Value for Shareholders. We highlight some examples of our actions in the pages that follow. Strengthening Our Core Business In the smokeable products segment, Philip Morris USA Inc. (PM USA) and John Middleton Co. (Middleton) focused on their strategy of maximizing income while maintaining modest share momentum on Marlboro and Black & Mild over time. In 2012, PM USA rolled out a new brand architecture for Marlboro, enabling PM USA to expand the brand's reach among adult smokers. Through this architecture each of Marlboro's four flavor families, Red, Gold, Green and Black, expresses the brand's essence and values in unique ways, allowing Marlboro to expand the breadth and relevance of its equity-building programs. In 2013, PM USA continued to invest in the architecture and expanded distribution of Marlboro NXT and Marlboro Edge for the Black family and Marlboro Southern Cut for the Gold family. In the cigar space, Middleton expanded Black & Mild Jazz nationally in 2013, helping strengthen Black & Mild's position in the category. In the smokeless products segment, U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Company LLC's (USSTC) strategy is to increase income by growing its volume at or ahead of the category growth rate, while maintaining modest share momentum on Copenhagen and Skoal combined. For 2013, USSTC grew volume and OCI, led by the strong performance of Copenhagen. Ste. Michelle Wine Estates Ltd. (Ste. Michelle) delivered strong volume and OCI growth in 2013 through its focus on distributing premium wines and the success of the 14 Hands brand. Ste. Michelle is one of the fastest growing premium wine companies in the United States.

Martin J. Barrington

2

Innovation Altria and its companies took important steps toward its goal of delivering new, innovative products to meet the evolving preferences of adult tobacco consumers. We formed Nu Mark LLC (Nu Mark) to develop such products that exceed adult tobacco consumers' expectations. Nu Mark has deep expertise in premium brand building and supply chain management and uses the industry-leading capabilities of our service companies. In 2013, Nu Mark introduced MarkTen e-cigarettes in test markets in Indiana and Arizona. Altria also entered into strategic agreements with Philip Morris International Inc. (PMI) in December 2013. These agreements create an important opportunity to commercialize Nu Mark's e-vapor products internationally through PMI. They also provide Altria with an exclusive license to commercialize in the United States two heated tobacco products that PMI is developing. In addition to developing product plans and partnerships to accelerate innovation, we also sharpened our focus in 2013 on enhancing our innovation system and culture across the family of Altria companies. Returning Value To Shareholders We have significantly enhanced our productivity and reduced costs across the Altria family of companies over the past several years. In 2013, we completed our goal of $400 million in annualized savings versus previously planned spending. This completes the second of two cost management programs totaling nearly $2 billion over the past several years. Altria maintained its target of returning approximately 80% of Altria's adjusted diluted EPS to shareholders through dividends, paying more than $3.6 billion in cash dividends in 2013. In August, Altria's Board increased the regular quarterly dividend by 9.1% -- our 47th dividend increase in the last 44 years. We also repurchase stock when we conclude that it is the best use of cash to maximize shareholder value. In August 2013, Altria's

Board authorized the expansion of our current share repurchase program from $300 million to $1 billion. For the full year of 2013, Altria repurchased approximately $600 million of its shares. Managing Our Businesses Responsibly Altria and its companies continue to enhance their culture of compliance and responsibility, and our efforts are being recognized externally. Altria was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index for the second consecutive year. Altria was also recognized as one of America's most community-minded companies in The Civic 50, an annual initiative that recognizes companies for their commitment to improve the quality of life in the communities where they do business. Our companies continue to support reasonable solutions to the issues surrounding our businesses while defending themselves against unreasonable regulation, legislation and litigation. We expect each of these areas to continue to pose risks and we remain committed to actively managing and seeking to mitigate these risks. On a personal note, it is a privilege to serve as Altria's Chairman and CEO. Thank you for your continuing interest and commitment to our great company. I also am grateful to our talented employees whose passion and hard work drive our results. I encourage you to view our 2013 digital annual report. On our website you'll find all the information from our print report, including financial statements and a progress report against our core strategies. You'll also find highlights about our company and why it's an exciting and dynamic time at Altria.

Adjusted Diluted EPS Growth * +7.7% $2.38 $2.21

2012

2013

* Further explanations and reconciliations of adjusted measures to corresponding GAAP financial measures are provided on the Adjusted Financial Measures page at the back of the report.

Annualized Dividend Growth ($) +9.1% $1.92 $1.76

2013 August 2012 August 2013

Source: Altria company reports

(Dec. 31, 2012 - Dec. 31, 2013)

Shareholder Return 28.6% 23.9%

Altria

S&P Food, Beverage & Tobacco Index

Note: Assumes quarterly reinvestment of dividends as of ex-dividend date. Source: Bloomberg Daily Return

Martin J. Barrington Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 3, 2014
3

