Dear Shareholder
By nearly all measures, 2007 was an excellent year for Altria Group, Inc. (Altria), and as I write this letter I am deeply excited by the prospects for Altria and its principal subsidiary, Philip Morris USA Inc. (PM USA), as well as for the newly independent Philip Morris International Inc. (PMI).
Key Accomplishments and Developments
We took numerous steps in 2007 and early 2008 to restructure Altria, in order to better equip its component parts to more effectively and successfully grow their respective operations and enhance shareholder value in today's complex and fastchanging economic, regulatory and competitive environment. Let me share a few of the highlights: n  The successful execution of the Kraft spin-off in March 2007, followed by the distribution of PMI shares on March 28, 2008. Highlights of the PMI spin-off are listed on the inside front cover of this report, and additional details of the transaction were made available in the Information Statement mailed to shareholders in March 2008; n  Announcement of two-year share repurchase programs of $7.5 billion at Altria and $13.0 billion at PMI, reflecting more efficient capital structures and the prudent use of Altria's and PMI's strong balance sheets to support further enhancement of shareholder value while preserving financial flexibility; n  Establishment of dividend policies and initial dividend rates for Altria and PMI, which together with the share repurchase programs mentioned above represent a combined cash outflow to shareholders of more than $33 billion over the next two years; n  Altria is expected to pay a dividend at the initial annualized rate of $1.16 per common share, while PMI is expected to pay a dividend at the initial annualized rate of $1.84 per share. Thus, Altria shareholders who retain their PMI shares will receive, in the aggregate, the same dividend amount of $3.00 per share that existed before the spin-off; n  Identification of the initial Boards of Directors of Altria and PMI as separately traded public companies, and the management teams leading those businesses; n  Business development initiatives that extend the capabilities

Louis C. Camilleri Former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer

of both our U.S. and inter national tobacco businesses, including the acquisition of 100% of privately held cigar manufacturer John Middleton, Inc. (Middle ton); the acquisition of an additional 30% stake in PMI's Mexican tobacco business from Grupo Carso; and the acquisition by PMI of an additional stake in Lakson Tobacco Company in Pakistan, bringing its total ownership interest to approximately 98%; n  Cost-reduction programs across all businesses and at Altria's corporate headquarters, which has been significantly downsized and relocated to Richmond, Virginia, complemented by plans to optimize PMI and PM USA's manufacturing infrastructures; n  Continued advances on societal alignment initiatives, litigation and compliance and integrity initiatives; n  Strong performance of our 28.6% ownership stake in SABMiller, which had a market value on a pre-tax basis of approximately $9 billion on February 29, 2008; and n  Total shareholder return for

4

2007 Board of Directors
Dr. Elizabeth E. Bailey Director since 1989 Dr. Harold Brown Director 1983­2003 Re-elected December 2004 Mathis Cabiallavetta Director since 2002 Louis C. Camilleri Director since 2002 J. Dudley Fishburn Director since 1999 Robert E. R. Huntley Director since 1976 Thomas W. Jones Director since 2002 George Muñoz Director since 2004 Lucio A. Noto Director since 1998 John S. Reed Director 1975­2003 Re-elected April 2004 Stephen M. Wolf Director since 1993

the year ended December 31, 2007, of 22.2%, exceeding that of the S&P 500 for the sixth consecutive year. With the completion of the PMI spin-off in 2008 and the Kraft spin-off in 2007, I believe that Altria has fulfilled the corporate restructuring objectives first outlined more than three years ago. The PMI spin-off created two powerful tobacco companies, PMI and PM USA, with significant scale, industry leading positions, experienced management teams, strong cash flows and financial wherewithal, and a wide array of opportunities to increase their respective growth profiles. Notably, PMI in its own right is now the world's most profitable publicly-traded tobacco company, while PM USA is the world's thirdmost-profitable such company in the global tobacco industry, and significantly ahead of its direct competitors in the U.S.

Boards of Directors and Management
In conjunction with the restruc turing of our businesses, the

independent members of the former Altria Board (listed above) have essentially split evenly to form the initial core for the Boards of Directors of Altria and PMI. In addition, we have identified a number of highly qualified new members for both boards and appointed strong management teams at each company. Altria's Board of Directors post-spin includes four continuing mem bers from the current Altria Board of Directors. They are Elizabeth E. Bailey, Robert E. R. Huntley, Thomas W. Jones and George Muñoz. They are joined by four new directors: Thomas F. Farrell II, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Resources, Inc.; Gerald L. Baliles, Director of the Miller Center of Public Affairs at the University of Virginia and former Governor of Virginia; Dinyar S. Devitre, who stepped down as Chief Financial Officer of Altria following the spin-off; and Michael E. Szymanczyk, who will serve as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Altria. PMI's Board of Directors postspin includes five members who

2007 Total Shareholder Return Dividends and Price Appreciation
22.2%

5.5%

S&P 500

MO

Dividends reinvested on a quarterly basis

stepped down from the Altria Board of Directors. They are Harold Brown, Mathis Cabiallavetta, J. Dudley Fishburn, Lucio A. Noto and Stephen M. Wolf. In addition, Sergio Marchionne, Chief Executive Officer of Fiat S.p.A., and Carlos Slim Helú joined the PMI Board of Directors at the time of the PMI spin-off, and Graham Mackay, Chief Executive Officer of SABMiller, has agreed to join the PMI Board of Directors later in 2008.

The 2008 proxy statement contains a comprehensive description of Altria's Board of 25.00 Directors and its committees, as well as the nominees for election to the Board at the 2008 Annual 18.75 Meeting of Shareholders, which will be held in Richmond, Virginia, on May 28, 2008. I urge you to 12.50 read the full statement and return your proxy card as soon as possible with your vote. 6.25 On the pages immediately following this letter, you will find a message from Mike Szymanczyk, 0.00 who now serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Altria, following my resignation from those positions to serve in a similar role at PMI. I have known Mike and worked closely with him for more than 12 years, and have the highest regard for his immense business acumen, intellect, courage and leadership qualities. I have no doubt that he will flourish in his new role and lead Altria to ever-greater heights. I am also delighted that André Calantzopoulos has agreed to serve as Chief Operating Officer of PMI, reporting to me. PMI will issue a separate Annual Report

5

PMI Spin-Off The PMI spin-off created two powerful tobacco companies, PMI and PM USA, with significant scale, industry leading positions, experienced management teams, strong cash flows and financial wherewithal, and a wide array of opportunities to increase their respective growth profiles.

in 2009, prior to its first Annual Shareholder Meeting. On a personal note, I want to thank the members of the Altria Board for their invaluable advice, their enthusiastic support and their wise counsel as we implemented the momentous changes made by your company over the past several years. In particular, I want to thank John S. Reed, who has elected to retire from the Altria Board of Directors. He is one of the longest-serving members of the Board of Directors and has provided outstanding leadership throughout his more than 30 years of distinguished service to the company and its shareholders.

2007 Results
2007 was an excellent year by most measures. Our consolidated financial results were strong, and of particular note is that, absent the unfavorable impact of trade inventory reductions that affected both PM USA's and PMI's results, Altria's fourth-quarter performance was marked by a sustained improvement in business fundamentals. For the full year 2007,
6

revenues net of excise taxes increased 5.8% to $38.1 billion, driven by increases in both U.S. tobacco and international tobacco. Operating income increased 2.7% to $13.2 billion, reflecting a number of items, including higher results from operations of $512 million and favorable currency of $471 million. Earnings from continuing operations decreased 1.8% to $9.2 billion, reflecting the factors mentioned above and a higher tax rate in 2007. Net earnings, including discontinued operations, decreased 18.6% to $9.8 billion, reflecting the Kraft spin-off. Diluted earnings per share

from continuing operations were down 2.3% to $4.33 for the full year. Adjusted for items identified in the accompanying table, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations increased 8.1% to $4.38.

U.S. Tobacco
Philip Morris USA fared remarkably well in a year that was marked by a step-up in Master Settlement Agreement payments and an above-trend erosion in cigarette consumption. Its retail market share performance was strong, led by Marlboro. In addition, PM USA took several actions to further its adjacency strategy, including the successful test marketing of Marlboro

Results Excluding Items
 2007

Full Year 2006 % Change (2.3%)

Diluted EPS from continuing operations $ 4.33 $ 4.43 Gain on sale of business  (0.15) Asset impairment, exit and implementation costs 0.21 0.05 Italian antitrust charge  0.03 (Recoveries) Provision for airline industry exposure (0.06) 0.03 Tax items (0.12) (0.35) Interest on tax reserve transfers to Kraft 0.02 0.01 Diluted EPS, excluding above items $ 4.38 $ 4.05

8.1%

Snus and Marlboro Moist Smokeless Tobacco. This was complemented by Altria's December acquisition of cigar maker John Middleton, Inc. Revenues net of excise taxes increased 1.2% to $15.0 billion for Altria's U.S. tobacco segment, which includes both PM USA and Middleton. Operating companies income of $4.5 billion was down 6.1%, but would have increased 1.9% for the full year 2007 when adjusted for asset impairment, exit and implementation costs and a $26 million provision in 2007 for the Scott case in Louisiana. In the second half of 2007, PM USA began the successful implementation of a major manufacturing reconfiguration. That program remained on track in terms of both timing and savings delivery as the year unfolded, and, in addition, PM USA delivered overhead savings of more than $300 million in 2007. Marlboro continued to drive PM USA's performance, reaching a record market share of 41.0%, up 0.5 percentage points versus 2006. The brand's growth bene fited from the strong performance of Marlboro Menthol, aided by the

Growth Opportunities PM USA will benefit from an enhanced focus on the U.S. tobacco market, a greater sense of urgency and an acceleration in the pace of innovation. PMI has an outstanding opportunity to enhance its growth rates through sharper focus, speed to market and execution.

March 2007 introduction of Marlboro Smooth at retail, a new menthol product that extends PM USA's leadership in the premium category. For 2008, Altria is projecting solid operating performance for the U.S. tobacco business, although PM USA will face some transitional and temporary headwinds that will affect its earnings growth rate. These include a temporary absorption of higher manufacturing overheads as PM USA winds down its contract manufacturing for PMI and further investments to support PM USA's entry in the smokeless category. Looking ahead, I expect that Altria and PM USA will benefit from an enhanced focus on the U.S. tobacco market, a greater sense of urgency and an acceleration in the pace of innovation.

International Tobacco
Philip Morris International generated strong income growth for the full year 2007, buoyed by currency, and registered encouraging volume performance, with improved trends in 17 of its top 25 volume markets in the fourth quarter of 2007 compared

with the previous nine months. Revenues net of excise taxes were up 9.6% to $22.8 billion, while cigarette shipment volume increased a solid 2.2% versus 2006, including the acquisition of Lakson in Pakistan. Operating companies income increased 5.5% to $8.9 billion for the full year 2007, but was up 12.5% when adjusted for the 2006 Dominican Republic transaction and the 2006 Italian antitrust charge, as well as asset impairment and exit costs. PMI's full-year 2007 market share performance improved in many markets. However, share performance in Japan cast a shadow on an otherwise very strong year, due mainly to a share decline for Lark. I am confident that PMI has a number of exciting plans and innovative products to enhance its market share fortunes in Japan in 2008 and beyond. For 2008, PMI is projecting a robust earnings performance, driven by pricing, cost reductions and continued currency favorability at prevailing rates. Volume, however, is anticipated to be essentially flat or slightly down this year, reflecting continued total

cigarette consumption erosion in several markets. Nevertheless, PMI anticipates that its product mix will continue to improve sequentially. Over the long term, I am of the firm belief that as an independent company, PMI has an outstanding opportunity to enhance its growth rates through sharper focus, speed to market and execution.

Improving Litigation Environment
Over the last several years, greater clarity has emerged in the liti gation environment as the result of favorable developments in both trial and appellate courts. Such developments continued in 2007 and in the year-to-date in 2008, and are fully discussed in Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. We remain confident that the strength of our defenses, along with the developing law, will provide for further success in the litigation faced by the company into the future.

the U.S. tobacco business will continue to face a fiercely competitive environment, but I believe that the company's principal subsidiary, PM USA, is superbly prepared to successfully manage its challenges and to take full advantage of the opportunities ahead. Finally, I want to take this opportunity to salute the immensely talented and dedicated employees of Altria, PM USA and PMI. They have shown remarkable loyalty and determination in difficult and challenging circumstances. Without them, we would not have been able to complete the restructuring of the company in a seamless manner, to the benefit of our shareholders, and I thank them individually and collectively from the bottom of my heart.

Outlook
Altria enters 2008 a very different company than it was just one year ago. There is no doubt that

Louis C. Camilleri Former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2008
7

