To Our Shareholders

During 2013, our membership nationwide grew by 7 percent, or by approximately 134,000 members, reaching 1.9 million by year end. I should note that in January 2014, our membership jumped another 200,000 members, largely because of the acquisition of our South Carolina health plan that began operating on January 1. Overall, we achieved another year of positive financial results. Annual premium revenues were up 11% from $5.5 billion in 2012 to $6.2 billion last year. We reported net income per diluted share from continuing operations for 2013 of $0.96 versus $0.27 for 2012. Importantly, we achieved these results in spite of some unanticipated headwinds. Most notably, several of the states in which we operate health plans have delayed the planned expansion of their programs. Still, we invested in the infrastructure ­ staffing, training and technology ­ during 2013 to be ready to serve these contracts, and then we absorbed the overhead costs as the various implementation dates were pushed back. This increased administrative spend without revenues to offset them, along with a retroactively imposed rate decrease that reduced our fourth quarter pre-tax income by $15 million, caused us to fall short of our original earnings projections for the year. Nonetheless, we believe these investments will pay off strongly in 2014 and beyond as our business grows. For many years, we have been building for the opportunities that are now within sight. We expect to see strong growth on several fronts in 2014 and 2015. First, we expect the ACA to drive approximately $2 billion in additional revenue for our company. Much of this growth will result from expansion of Medicaid. Currently, we participate in five of the country's largest Medicaid markets, and we expect to see state governments take advantage of federal incentives to expand the Medicaid program in the markets (California, Washington, Michigan, Ohio and New Mexico) that account for approximately 70 percent of our current 2.1 million plan members. Medicaid may yet expand in Florida and Utah, where we already had another 175,000 members at the end of December 2013.

J. Mario Molina, MD Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

For Molina Healthcare, 2013 was another year of growth. At the same time, it was also a year of building a framework for dramatic expansion in 2014 and beyond. This is an exciting time for our company. In 2013, we achieved revenues of approximately $6.6 billion. By the end of 2015, we expect that figure to almost double, to approximately $12.5 billion. We operate in a critical area ­ government-sponsored health care, which was steadily growing even before eligibility began expanding further under the Affordable Care Act (ACA). During the past decade for example, the Medicaid program has grown every year except one. Over the next decade, according to projections by the Congressional Budget Office, Medicaid spending will almost double. Molina is well positioned to capitalize on this growth ­ not simply because we are in an opportune place, but because of how we have approached our mission of providing quality health care services to financially vulnerable families and individuals covered by government programs. We began as (and in some locations remain) direct providers of care, and our company has never lost focus on serving the needs of patients. As health plan operators, we have always focused, too, on serving the needs of government payers for cost-effective care and careful stewardship of taxpayer dollars. We believe that our background, our approach, and our track record have helped our company carve out a distinctive position in our industry. This places Molina in a unique position as that industry enters a phase of unprecedented growth.

"Dual eligibles" represent another important source of growth.
Over the years, our company has been building on its expertise for managing the care of "dual eligibles" ­ low-income, disabled individuals and older adults who are beneficiaries of both Medicaid and Medicare. Compared to Temporary Assistance for

A2

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2013

Needy Families (TANF) and Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) members, dual eligibles are a small segment of the overall number of Medicaid beneficiaries; however, they are by far the most costly to serve. Because they typically have multiple chronic conditions, they consume a share of health care services that is far disproportionate to their numbers. As a result, states have focused much attention on bringing these individuals into health plans that can deliver a cost-effective continuum of care. As the U.S. population steadily ages, the number of individuals that fall into this category is expected to rise. For us, dual eligibles represent a great opportunity, one that may seem disguised as a small niche. However, our demonstrated expertise in managing costs while maintaining high quality enabled our company to win five new contracts for serving dual-eligible populations during 2013 ­ more than any other health plan in the country. Last year, for example, we were selected for demonstration projects that will begin in 2014 in several key states ­ California, Illinois, Michigan, Ohio and South Carolina ­ where the federal government awarded grants to migrate dual eligibles into new, coordinated Medicare-Medicaid plans. In Texas, the state will include Molina as an existing Medicaid provider in a similar demonstration project that is scheduled to go live in 2015.

We continue to grow organically ­ and externally.
Our ability to serve patients and payers effectively continued last year to fuel organic growth in our health plans. For example, when Ohio opted to cover all of its Medicaid beneficiaries under managed care, we were awarded a statewide contract that increased our service area by 38 counties. In Florida, which consolidated several existing programs, we won a contract to manage long-term care services for patients in three regions of the state. While organic growth is central to our expansion strategy, acquisitions also play an important role as we continue to strengthen our position in existing states and, where appropriate, to enter new markets. In New Mexico, where Molina is currently the largest Medicaid plan operator, we assumed the contract for the Medicaid Salud! Program formerly held by Lovelace Community Health Plan ­ an acquisition that increased our membership in the state from 92,000 to 168,000. Subsequent to year's end, we acquired the assets of South Carolina Solutions (SCS) in South Carolina, a medical home network plan owned by Community Health Solutions of America. As a result, nearly 137,000 members transferred to our Molina health plan as South Carolina transitioned in 2014 to a full-risk managed care model.

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2013

A3

We devoted a great deal of time and effort in 2013 to build the framework to support growth in 2014 and beyond.
We have been busily investing in people, products, processes and technology. Our strategy, rather than "going wide and shallow," is to achieve real depth in the markets we serve. As a result, we have the products to meet the needs of the full spectrum of low-income Americans covered by government health insurance programs: young families with children, people with disabilities, and older adults, including those eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid. Instead of passing on the risk of managing their care to someone else, we can focus on doing what is best for each plan member. Meanwhile, by processing Medicaid transactions and delivering related IT services through Molina Medicaid Solutions (MMS), we enable our state clients to enjoy an integrated solution to manage the care of their Medicaid beneficiaries and seamlessly handle the flow of information. In addition, we have invested in new personnel ­ approximately 2,400 people in 2013 ­ to help us handle the growth that the ACA is bringing, not only in plan membership, but also in our product offerings. For example, because our insurance product for the

exchange marketplace is different from our Medicaid product, we established a dedicated team with specific expertise in that area. We have invested in the processes necessary for the added complexity of requirements in the exchange marketplace. We have also invested in the information technology that is allowing us to better coordinate member information across all of our departments and to standardize all of our operations into "One Molina" ­ which, in turn, promotes nimble startups and quicker scalability. Finally, we have worked to ensure that Molina has deep financial resources for the future. We maintain a strong balance sheet, bolstered by ready access to capital that we believe will be critical to our ability to meet our growing needs.

Most of all, our framework for growth is built around quality.
We have always been committed to seeing that each of our plans are accredited by the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA), which ranks Medicaid health plans, when they become eligible for this designation. We take pride that nine of our plans were nationally ranked last year. Quality is important to us, not only because of Molina's roots as a health care provider and

A4

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2013

because it gives us an advantage in an increasingly competitive marketplace, but mainly because it benefits patients, states and taxpayers alike.

Every month, in every state we serve, we see how our pursuit of the Molina mission creates wins for all participants in the system.
Recently, for example, one of our elderly health plan members, a "dual-eligible" beneficiary of both Medicaid and Medicare, spent two weeks in the hospital. Like so many dual eligibles, she suffers from multiple medical conditions (diabetes and dementia among them) that can make her care both expensive and complicated to manage. Her family wanted her to come home upon discharge. The hospital, recognizing that the woman's family was not going to be able to care for her themselves, planned to transfer her to a nursing home, a very expensive care setting. Instead, one of our local teams came up with an alternative that benefited all concerned. We arranged to bring a hospital bed, glucometer, and other equipment into the patient's home. Nurses and other home health personnel began to deliver the professional support services that were beyond the family's ability to provide. We arranged for a physician to make house calls, eliminating the need to transport the patient to and from the doctor's office (and eliminating the likelihood of missed appointments). One of the best results is a patient who is safe and can stay in familiar surroundings along with her family who feels supported. The effort to achieve this solution was labor intensive and "high-touch." But, in this way, and in other examples multiplied thousands of times each year from Washington to Florida, Molina is facilitating not just less costly care, but more cost-effective care. It is the way we have done business for three decades. Now, in an era of unprecedented constraints on finite state budgets and at a time when simultaneous accountability for both cost and quality matter more than ever to payers, the market has come to where Molina has always been. As that market grows in the coming years, our experience, our track record, and the breadth of our services position us exceptionally well for the future. That is why we enter 2014 with such optimism. Amid exceptional opportunities, of course, we also face old headwinds as well as new ones. A number of states have delayed implementing their programs. Beginning in 2014, the new law

also imposes a non-tax-deductible, annual fee on the health insurance industry that could affect premium rates. As of this writing, four of our states ­ Florida, Illinois, Washington and Wisconsin ­ intend to cover the industry tax, and we remain confident that the other states will do likewise. Like others in our field, we continue to face medical cost pressures from states, especially with new contracts and populations. At the same time, we believe that Molina Healthcare is singularly positioned not only to make headway in this environment, but to thrive. The more things change, the sounder our strategy appears. In a sector ripe with growth opportunities, we have a proven and flexible portfolio that combines risk-based and fee-based services as well as direct delivery of care in our clinics. We have diversified our geographic exposure across 17 states, with a strong presence in high-growth regions. We have been investing in our infrastructure to accommodate growth. We have a seasoned team, more than 30 years of experience in our industry and a strong record for delivering both quality and earnings growth. We believe our past performance is the best predictor of our future. It is a future that we are very excited to embrace. As we do, we remain profoundly grateful for your support and your investment.

J. Mario Molina, MD President and Chief Executive Officer

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2013

A5

