to our stockholders
FOR MOLINA HEALTHCARE, 2006 WAS DEFINITELY A DIFFERENCE-MAKING YEAR. We accomplished a great deal in 2006, as evidenced by our strong results for the year. Through all of the improvements over last year, we have remained an organization that reflects our long-standing philosophy that quality health care and cost control can be mutually reinforcing goals. A YEAR OF CONTAINING COSTS We have made excellent progress towards overcoming the challenges we faced when I reported to you one year ago. Throughout 2006, we executed a number of action plans aimed at containing costs, all of which should serve us well in years to come:  We cultivated partnerships with more cost-effective health care providers.  We strengthened our medical management and acquired informatics tools that allow us to better interpret and apply medical data.  We improved our claims payment processes with better auditing of providers' claims to ensure accuracy.  We strengthened our utilization and cost analysis functions.  We improved our case and disease management for patients with chronic health conditions who typically incur a disproportionate share of total health care costs.  We worked more diligently to find the right programs for our members.  We engaged with state payers to ensure that we receive appropriate compensation for our members' care.  We strengthened our management team.  We implemented information technology initiatives that improve the efficiency of many of our operations, such as our ability to accept claims electronically.

[2]

A YEAR OF IMPROVED PERFORMANCE Our focus on medical management last year was reflected in our company's financial performance:  Our net income for 2006 was $45.7 million, or $1.62 per diluted share, an increase of 66% over the previous year.  Revenue from premiums increased by 21%, from $1,639.9 million in 2005 to $1,985.1 million in 2006.  Our total enrollment rose by 21%.  Our medical care ratio improved from 86.9% in 2005 to 84.6% for 2006, reflecting our effectiveness in managing our overall medical costs. A YEAR OF RECOGNITION FOR EXCELLENCE Quality is and will always be a core Molina value. It is incorporated into everything we do. Because quality is so central to our company's mission and history, I am especially pleased to report that, for the second consecutive year, U.S. News and World Report has ranked our Medicaid health plans among America's best. In preparing their annual rankings, the magazine used data collected by the nonprofit National Committee for Quality Assurance, or NCQA, to evaluate nearly 200 Medicaid health plans. The ratings were based on four main categories, including access to care, member satisfaction, effective delivery of preventive services, and treatment. Our Washington and Utah HMOs both ranked as the top Medicaid plans in their respective states. Moreover, these two health plans, as well as our health plans in New Mexico and Michigan and the divisions of our California health plan serving each of Sacramento County, Riverside County and San Bernardino County, were all ranked among the top 50 Medicaid plans in the United States. Separately, Molina Healthcare of Michigan was recognized by NCQA for innovation in multicultural health care delivery. In addition, Cape Health Plan, which we acquired in May 2006, received the Pinnacle Award from the Michigan Association of Health Plans for improving access to care for pharmacy services. For us, all of these honors affirm Molina's commitment to quality. For the state agencies with which we contract, the honors affirm that we are good stewards of the tax dollars they entrust to us to manage the health care of those who need it most.

[3]

We believe we are headed in the right direction. The fundamentals of our industry are STRONG. The core of our business is stable. The need for our services is great and GROWING, and we believe the viability of our model is PROVEN.
A YEAR OF GROWTH In 2006, we expanded our operations into new states and service areas. In Ohio, we were selected to serve the aged, blind and disabled in four regions of the state. We already cover persons receiving TANF (Temporary Aid to Needy Families) in these areas and can expect to achieve synergies by serving these new members. In addition, we began enrolling TANF members in three more regions of the state. By the end of 2006, we had added a total of approximately 76,000 new members in Ohio. In Texas, which also is expanding managed care to cover elderly and disabled Medicaid beneficiaries, we are participating in the Medicaid managed care program in the greater Houston and San Antonio areas. By the end of 2006, we had added a total of approximately 19,000 new members in Texas. We expect our membership in Ohio and Texas to continue to grow throughout 2007. In Washington, our health plan began delivering long-term care services to the population served by the Washington Medicaid Integration Project, a pilot program for aged, blind and disabled Medicaid beneficiaries in Snohomish County. Adding long-term care services to this program, which also includes medical and mental health care, will allow us to continue expanding our expertise in meeting the needs of this population segment. Transitioning new Medicaid populations such as these from a traditional fee-for-service model into a managed care model requires skill, patience, and persistence. Frequently, it requires educating members, who often rely on expensive emergency room services for their primary care, about the most appropriate ways to access services. Physicians, too, may need guidance in appropriate practices. In addition, because the care of these members may not have been systematically managed previously, we sometimes identify and must address previously unmet health needs. As a result of these factors, the health and cost-control advantages of managed care may not be as readily apparent in the short term. Drawing on the benefit of our experience in other states, however, we remain convinced that, over the long run, serving these new populations creates significant benefits for beneficiaries, for states, and for our stockholders.

[4]

In addition to growth in new service areas, we also continued to add members through plan acquisitions in 2006. During the second quarter of last year, we completed our acquisition of Cape Health Plan in Michigan. As a result of this transaction, we added approximately 90,000 members to our enrollment and expanded our geographic presence to two additional counties in the southeastern part of the state. A YEAR TO BUILD ON We believe we are headed in the right direction. The fundamentals of our industry are strong. Our core business is stable. The need for our services is great and growing, and we believe the viability of our model is proven. Demographic and cost trends continue to operate in our favor. Overall health care spending continues to rise. In response to the growing need, states increasingly are turning to managed care to serve recipients of their government-sponsored health care programs. In fact, managed care is the fastest growing segment within Medicaid today. That trend should continue, as both the federal and state governments shift patient populations from traditional fee-for-service coverage to managed care. We believe this shift will present Molina Healthcare with increasing opportunities to gain new contracts. Much work remains to be done, particularly in California where rising health care costs coupled with limited rate increases continue to create a challenge for anyone involved in the business of Medicaid managed care. We are diligently working to confront this challenge. We have not reached all of our goals, and we will not reach them overnight. But we are making progress. As we look forward to the year ahead, we are more confident than ever that we are not only providing an important service to health plan members and to the states in which we operate, but also building long-term value for you, our stockholders. We look forward to rewarding your continued commitment to the mission of Molina Healthcare and, as always, remain grateful for your investment.

Sincerely,

J. Mario Molina, M.D. President and Chief Executive Officer

[5]

