To Our Stockholders
Last year witnessed the 30 year anniversary of our company. In many ways, that event reflects the continuation of a journey begun by my father ­ the late Dr. C. David Molina. And while many companies never live to see their 30th birthday, here we are ­ strong, focused and growing. I am pleased to report to you that in addition to this landmark anniversary, Molina Healthcare enjoyed success on a broad range of fronts in 2010. We experienced diversified revenue growth thanks to increased enrollment in our health plans, an acquisition that established us in a new state and our successful entry into the Medicaid health information management business. Meanwhile, stronger medical management and disciplined cost control helped us realize improvements in our medical margins. Many of these factors contributed to our company's strong financial performance in 2010. For the year, our net income rose to $55.0 million, or $1.98 per diluted share, an increase of 78% over 2009. We earned premium revenues of $4.0 billion, up 9% over the previous year. Meanwhile, during a year when costs continued to rise for the health care industry, we achieved a medical care ratio of 84.5%, compared with a ratio of 86.8% for 2009. Diversifying Strategically through Health Information Management For most of our history, we have described ourselves as a Medicaid managed care organization. But particularly in the past year, we have broadened the way we view our business. Molina Healthcare has evolved into a company that serves clients at a wide variety of points along the Medicaid continuum. While we continue to grow the core of our business ­ our health plan operations ­ we also made a major entry into the complementary, IT-driven fiscal intermediary business. We believe that the demonstrated strengths that have made us successful in managed care settings will enable us to move seamlessly into fee-for-service settings, so that we can help bring down costs for states that currently do not have capitated health plans for Medicaid beneficiaries. In addition, we expanded our operation of primary care clinics ­ the business area where Molina began 30 years ago ­ so we can better serve the needs of our patients while better serving the states that pay for their health care. The diversification of our revenues, which accelerated last year, is a natural extension of our traditional business. We believe it is also a prudent strategy for our future. We took a major step in bringing this strategy to fruition as we invested in our future by entering the Medicaid information or fiscal agent business through our acquisition of Unisys' health information management business. We now operate that business under the name, Molina Medicaid Solutions. Through this segment, we process Medicaid transactions and deliver related IT services to states, which customarily outsource such services to a company that can serve as their fiscal agent for the Medicaid program. In acquiring this business for $131.3 million, we also acquired the company's contracts with five states to provide Medicaid management information services, along with a contract to provide drug rebate administration services for Florida's Medicaid program. After the acquisition was finalized, we worked to integrate approximately 1,000 employees of the health information management business, along with its various business operations, into Molina. By year's end, we had nearly completed the integration. The acquisition is financially and strategically important to us for a number of reasons. First, it increased our company's footprint in the Medicaid business, giving us a presence in five new states and nearly tripling the number of beneficiaries we reach. With a more diversified product offering, we are now able to pursue opportunities in states that lack Medicaid managed care programs, a segment of the market in which we had not participated previously. Second, we believe Molina Medicaid Solutions gives us an immediate competitive advantage. For the first time within a single company, our state partners can access all the tools needed to run their Medicaid programs, from fullrisk managed care health plans to fee-based information technology solutions. No one else in this industry offers this single-source capability. Third, the acquisition enabled us to enter the non-risk, fee-for-service side of the Medicaid business. In managing the care of Medicaid beneficiaries on a capitated basis, we assume an element of risk that can be affected by factors beyond our control, such as an unusually severe flu season. By providing fee-based IT services through Molina Medicaid Solutions, we reduced the overall risk profile of our organization, with an eye toward reducing the potential for volatility in our earnings. Fourth, we can leverage the IT capabilities of Molina Medicaid Solutions to bring greater efficiencies to our company's health plan business. For example, we can apply analytics to improving the functionality of care management processes and clinical responses used by Molina in interactions with patients. We believe that we can help strengthen these tools in ways that translate into both better care and cost containment.

A2

MOLINA HEALTHCARE ANNUAL REPORT 2010

Finally, we believe the acquisition puts us in a much stronger position for growth in an industry that we believe will experience significant consolidation. Over the next three years, the federal government expects that health plans and fiscal agents will be able to handle a new generation of coding requirements that will accompany the new International Classification of Disease system (ICD-10). For many smaller health plans with less than one million members, the costs of making the necessary systems upgrades will be substantial. For companies like Molina, we believe the benefits of scale in this environment will be significant. We will be positioned to reduce the cost per member for compliance with ICD-10 and our company will have a strategic advantage in considering opportunities for consolidation. At the same time, the new requirements will create IT revenue opportunities for our Molina Medicaid Solutions unit.

Filling a Gap with Primary Care Clinics Last year, we also became more diversified and more efficient by expanding our involvement in the direct delivery of primary care. It's a move that reflects our roots, as a company that began by serving patients in clinics, and it is a business we know how to operate effectively. The clinic model offers an integrated approach that helps us improve both the quality and cost-effectiveness of the care our members receive. For example, last year we opened two clinics in Everett, Washington, so that we could serve our members' needs for primary and behavioral health services in one place. We also expanded the capacity of our existing clinics in California, in anticipation of increases in the numbers of aged, blind or disabled members in our plans. The existing shortage in primary care physicians is expected to become
MOLINA HEALTHCARE ANNUAL REPORT 2010

A3

even more acute in the near and intermediate term. While we have no plans to become an organization that fully integrates primary care delivery with our health plans, by leveraging this capability selectively, we can improve access for our plan members in areas that are most underserved by primary care providers. In this way, our clinics are not simply a Molina legacy but a strategic advantage that will serve our company well in the years ahead. Expanding Our Traditional Business Meanwhile, we continued last year to pursue expansions to our Medicaid health plan business. In September, we completed a $15.5 million acquisition of Abri Health Plan of Milwaukee, which served approximately 36,000 Medicaid beneficiaries in 23 Wisconsin counties as of December 31, 2010. More significantly

for us, the acquisition enables Molina to gain a strategic foothold in a new state with excellent growth opportunities. We also expanded our growing presence in Texas, where we already served patients in the Houston, San Antonio and Laredo areas. In May, we were awarded a contract to serve Medicaid managed care patients in the seven-county Dallas service area. In September, we won an additional contract to administer the CHIP program (including the CHIP Perinatal program) in 174 predominately rural counties across the state. As of December 31, we served approximately 63,000 children and pregnant women under this contract. The new contracts not only provide increased scale for leveraging our resources in Texas, but they also make Molina an increasingly important player in a state where we estimate the potential revenue opportunity will grow to almost $10 billion by 2014 as new Medicaid beneficiaries qualify for coverage.

A4

MOLINA HEALTHCARE ANNUAL REPORT 2010

In addition to the expansion at our Medicaid health plans, we remain committed to growing our Medicare line of business and continue to build on our expertise in arranging for Medicare healthcare services.  Our Medicare enrollment in 2010 grew to 24,500, an increase of 111% or 12,900 members from 2009. This represented one of the largest enrollment gains since we began offering Medicare health plans back in 2007.    Currently there are nearly nine million Medicaid beneficiaries in the United States who also qualify for Medicare. These beneficiaries are called dual-eligibles and they make up 75% of our Medicare enrollment. We look forward to continuing to serve this population with special needs that shares many demographic characteristics with Medicaid beneficiaries, further confirming that serving this population is a natural extension of our business. For Us, Quality Is Personal As quality continues to be one of our company's key pillars,  Molina Healthcare remains one of the leaders in National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) accreditations for Medicaid Plans.  As a result, eight of our ten health plans have earned formal NCQA accreditation, which is regarded as the gold standard among accreditation agencies for quality of care. We believe this creates an important competitive advantage that helps our company win new contracts, retain existing contracts, and deliver consistent excellence to our plan members, to physicians and to our state clients. Last year, our Florida plan became the latest to reach this milestone. Our Missouri and Wisconsin health plans will also be undergoing accreditation in the near future. At the same time, we're taking the next step in measuring what we do. While NCQA accreditation is a critical benchmark, it is not the only one we seek to use. We also want to measure quality in terms of the value we deliver. We serve a diverse group of constituencies, and we understand that quality and value mean different things to different people. To physicians, quality means timely payments from us with minimal problems and red tape. For patients, it means ease of access and excellent care. For our state clients, quality means solid management of costs and a good track record on health outcomes for its Medicaid beneficiaries. For us, quality is a strategic imperative. But it is also something more. Because Molina Healthcare began as a direct provider of care, we think of our plan members not as cases to manage, but as people to serve. That personal connection means that we strive to do our very best every day, and that we focus not just on daily processes but results long term.

Strengthening Our Position through a Public Stock Offering In August, we completed an underwritten public offering of 4,350,000 shares of our company's common stock at a price of $25.55 per share, net of the issuance costs.  We used the net proceeds to reduce our borrowings under our $150 million senior secured credit facility, which had an outstanding balance of $105 million at the time of the announcement.  We believe this successful offering placed our company in a stronger financial position to move forward in a field of growing opportunities. Making the Most of Emerging Opportunities We believe that the government health care sector in which we compete is an attractive growth industry. We expect that by 2019, the expansion of Medicaid will bring an estimated 16 million more individuals into the program. But the growth is also happening in the here and now. State budgets are increasingly stressed today, and many are feeling the pinch even more sharply now that they have absorbed the temporary cushion provided by federal stimulus dollars. The growing need for cost control will lead more states to shift their Medicaid and dual-eligible patients from feefor-service models to managed care, where we are better positioned than ever to capitalize on new opportunities. We have diversified our business in a way that gives us an important competitive advantage as the only player in the field that can offer states a comprehensive solution in the management of their Medicaid managed care patients. We have improved our management of medical costs and added what we believe will be a stable new revenue stream through IT services provided by Molina Medicaid Solutions, an area where we see more than $1 billion in new opportunities between now and 2016. And we have continued to grow and strengthen our traditional business while improving the quality of care we deliver. After an outstanding year in 2010, we look forward to even better things for our company in the years ahead. It is an exciting time for our industry and for Molina Healthcare. As always, we are grateful for your support and your investment.

J. Mario Molina, M.D. President and Chief Executive Officer

MOLINA HEALTHCARE ANNUAL REPORT 2010

A5

