To Our Shareholders
plans. For the year, our medical cost ratio declined to 89.1 percent from 89.5 percent in 2014. We also worked to improve other areas of the company. Last year, we reported that in several states we had not yet received reimbursement for fees previously paid by our company. We received those payments during 2015, which bolstered our results for the year.
Joseph M. Molina, MD Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

Our business is simultaneously maturing and evolving
When our company began over 35 years ago, the overwhelming majority of our health plan members were beneficiaries of what is now called the TANF (Temporary Assistance for Needy Families) program. In recent years, as the company has matured, the composition of our membership has changed in subtle ways that have enormous implications for our future. Now, roughly 11 percent of the beneficiaries we serve are "dual-eligibles" -- persons who qualify for both Medicaid and Medicare benefits -- or are classified as aged, blind or disabled (ABD). In contrast to TANF members, dual-eligible and ABD members tend to be older and suffer from multiple chronic conditions affecting both their physical and mental health. Understanding and meeting their needs represents a continuous and ongoing challenge -- one that involves not only careful management of care, but also the coordination of an array of long-term support services that will have lasting effects on their health. Today, older individuals with more complex needs only represent one-eighth of our membership. However we have placed an increased emphasis on growing this segment of our business for some very simple reasons. This small percentage of the Medicaid population accounts for an enormously disproportionate share of Medicaid spending. That means there is a significant opportunity to reap higher levels of reimbursement for these member populations by improving the efficiencies and outcomes for those whose care has been managed little, if at all, in the past under a fragmented, feefor-service model. Because these members have chronic conditions, their enrollment tends to be more stable and they typically retain their health plan membership for longer periods of time than do TANF members who exit the program as their life circumstances and income improve.

Throughout last year, Molina Healthcare executed on the
key priorities we laid out for 2015: revenue growth, profit improvement, and business diversification. We did this by continuing to build on our success and momentum from 2014, and as a result we enjoyed another year of significant membership and geographic expansion. We positioned ourselves to better serve the complete spectrum of both the physical and behavioral health needs of our members -- needs that are deeply interconnected. Not only will we be able to provide a more comprehensive level of care, but our bottom line will directly benefit as well. In sum, we made new gains in our continuing efforts to facilitate the delivery of high-quality care more efficiently and with better outcomes for our members. As a result of our progress in all these areas, I am pleased to report on what was a very solid year of performance by our organization. Moreover, that performance not only made for a successful year, but also helped lay the groundwork for our continued growth and success in years to come. For the year, we enjoyed a 47 percent increase in premium revenue over the prior year, which in turn pushed total revenue for the year to $14.2 billion, also up 47 percent. Diluted net income per share for 2015 doubled to $2.58, up from $1.29 in the preceding year, and our cash flow from operations was in excess of $1.1 billion. A decrease in our medical care costs as a percentage of premium revenue largely contributed to our positive results. This reduction is a reflection of our ability to cost-effectively manage the care of our members -- particularly new enrollees in our health plans who had previously received care under traditional fee-for-service

A2

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2015

As a reflection of how our evolving patient mix has positively impacted the company, over the past decade, our premium revenue has increased at roughly 1.5 times the rate of our membership growth. During that same period, as we have faced ongoing pressure on reimbursement rates, we have enjoyed a compounded annual growth rate of 24 percent. We believe our strategic focus has been a major reason for that success.

by paying claims. Instead, as we manage the care of more patients with complex needs, such as the dual-eligibles, Molina encapsulates more of the traits we see in provider organizations, complementing our traditional service offering and in turn, making us more than just a typical insurance company. We believe we are singularly equipped for this transformation, not just in the Medicaid arena but across our entire business model. In a real sense, we are coming full circle, back to a company that began as a direct provider of care (and continues to operate clinics for the population we serve). Deep experience in serving low-income patients equipped us for the special challenges that come with managing the care of dual-eligible beneficiaries -- a responsibility that no other managed care organization has been able to fully break into before Molina. We remain pioneers in this arena, and our expertise uniquely positions us for what we see as the accelerating migration of high utilizing, unmanaged populations into managed care-- a significant driver of total Medicaid spending for states and the federal government.

We also believe that health care trends are continuing to move in a direction that plays to our established strengths
Today, although three-quarters of all Medicaid recipients now participate in managed care, 60 percent of Medicaid spending -- that is, roughly $280 billion -- remains in fee-for-service programs. A considerable portion of that total involves long-term services and support for the elderly and people with physical and/or developmental disabilities. As states try to contain their Medicaid costs, the need to accelerate the migration to managed care from fee-for-service will continue. In addition, the growth of value-based payment structures is also leading the transformation of health plans from mere fiscal agents to organizations that work more closely and in concert with providers to deliver value. As a company, we do not believe we contribute much value simply

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2015

A3

For us, 2015 was characterized by significant, strategic growth
We began the year with 2.6 million members. By the end of 2015, our health plans were serving 3.5 million members, with a presence in 11 states and the U.S. territory of Puerto Rico. With aggregate membership up 35 percent for the year, this expansion helped drive our increased premium revenue. As in 2014, much of our growth last year was organic. With our presence in the Marketplace, serving premium-paying members whose rising incomes had "graduated" them out of Medicaid eligibility, we saw strong enrollment increases in all of the states where we operate. Our organic growth was especially notable in Florida, where the majority of our Marketplace membership resides. With perhaps even more significant long-term implications, we experienced substantial growth from the successful execution of our acquisition strategy. This strategy, which we believe will play a major role in our long-term success, is built on three main pillars. Each of them complements our existing business in differing ways, and each in turn helps create new opportunities for us.

First, we are working to acquire managed care contracts from health plans in the states where we already have an established presence. Through such acquisitions based selectively on attractive pricing and in states with a favorable regulatory environment, we can strengthen our competitive position while simultaneously improving our efficiency by adding to our membership base while our administrative costs in these states remain relatively flat. In 2015, we significantly expanded our reach in three of our key states. After entering the Illinois market in 2014, we announced three Medicaid-related acquisitions in the Chicago area last year: Loyola Physician Partners, LLC, MyCare Chicago, and Better Health Network, LLC. These transactions, which closed in the first quarter of 2016, are estimated to add more than 120,000 Medicaid plan members into Molina Healthcare of Illinois. Notably, as all three acquisitions were sold by provider owners, we will continue to work with these provider organizations going forward to coordinate the care of the beneficiaries they had served as plan members. Meanwhile, in Florida we completed two similarly structured acquisitions. The first, with Preferred Medical Plan, Inc., added approximately 25,000 Medicaid beneficiaries in South Florida, while the second, with Integral Health Plan, Inc., involved more than 100,000 Medicaid enrollees in the Pensacola, Tampa, and

A4

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2015

southwest regions of the state. In Michigan, we acquired contracts to serve roughly 80,000 members of the state's Medicaid and MIChild programs from HAP Midwest Health Plan. And in Washington, where we have been working for more than 30 years, we acquired the Medicaid assets of Columbia United Providers, whose 55,000 members in the southwest region will increase the number of individuals we serve statewide by nearly ten percent.

Acquiring Providence Human Services was a significant achievement for our company and our plan members
The second pillar of our strategy involves acquiring key capabilities that we currently lack, but would be of strategic significance to the company. On this front, we successfully completed the purchase of Providence Human Services, a provider of behavioral and mental health services with 6,800 employees and operations in 23 states and the District of Columbia. We will operate business as a wholly owned subsidiary of Molina Healthcare under the brand name Pathways SM. The acquisition was funded with cash on our balance sheet and it expands our ability to coordinate both physical and behavioral health services for our plan members. The behavioral health services capability is becoming increasingly important to our business. For that reason, we believe the acquisition of Providence and the formation of Pathways SM will put our company in an advantageous position over our peers. Today, the prevalence of mental illness among the Medicaid population is twice that of the general population. In fact, almost half of all Medicaid enrollees with disabilities suffer from a psychiatric illness, and more than two-thirds of adults with mental illness have at least one chronic physical illness. As a result, more than 25 percent of all spending on behavioral health in this country flows through Medicaid. Simultaneously, mental health parity is coming to the program. In the past, many states had limited mental health benefits. As this changes -- a transformation dramatically accelerated by the Affordable Care Act -- we expect to see increasing use of mental health benefits by Medicaid beneficiaries. In another major transformation, states' contracts for serving Medicaid populations today are less likely to separate the management of mental and physical health services. Given the

well-recognized impact of behavioral health on physical health, these "carve-outs" made it more difficult to coordinate care among different providers. Now, we increasingly see states issue requests for proposal that call for an integrated solution for both physical and mental health. With Pathways SM, we now have the capacity to merge these previously divergent fields into a more holistic, single state offering. That ability, in turn, places Molina in a stronger position to win and retain contracts, both in states where Molina already has an established presence and in states that we newly entered via the Pathways SM acquisition. Pathways SM also improves our ability to deliver services more effectively. For example, patients who have exhausted their outpatient behavioral health benefits often wind up in the hospital by default -- and at great expense -- when they can no longer obtain the treatment they need. Integrated, coordinated care will help reduce that problem. In addition, Pathways' demonstrated expertise in serving people with developmental disabilities -- whose health care needs are more expensive to meet than any of the other Medicaid recipients we serve -- will help us manage their care in ways that benefit patients, payors, and providers. Finally, adding Pathways' capabilities aligns with our company's strategy going forward. With 5,700 new client-facing employees, we have augmented our strength as a provider while adding proficiency in an area essential to any organization seeking to capitalize on the opportunities created by the mandate to shift beneficiaries to managed care in an integrated manner. We are excited about the possibilities for consolidating Molina Medical clinics with Pathways SM providers so that our members, especially the elderly and disabled, can receive medical and behavioral health services (and perhaps dental care and pharmacy services as well) under one roof.

We are also better positioned to enter new markets
The launch of Pathways SM will also help us execute on the third pillar of our growth strategy: entering states where we have not previously expanded into managed care. Growing our footprint judiciously -- based on such criteria as a competitive provider environment, sizable Medicaid population, and favorable regulatory climate -- lowers risk and helps us leverage our

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2015

A5

administrative costs. Pathways SM gave us an immediate presence in 12 new states and the District of Columbia, where we now will be better positioned to win contracts to manage medical care as well as behavioral health. Meanwhile, we continued throughout 2015 to integrate new members into our health plan in Puerto Rico, where we began operations in the second quarter of the year. By December 31, we had enrolled approximately 350,000 members. While Puerto Rico has endured well-publicized fiscal difficulties, to date there have not been any disruptions to our reimbursements, which we have continued to receive, per our contract, on a weekly basis.

we announced the offering of $700 million in senior notes that will help fund future acquisitions and capital expenditures, and add to our working capital. We have a seasoned management team that has demonstrated the ability over the years to navigate our company successfully through headwinds and changes in the marketplace. Now, as we are building for the future, we also are building Molina Healthcare as a cohesive national brand that is recognized for its best-in-class expertise and ability to improve outcomes for payors and plan members. In addition, drawing on our history as a direct provider, we are also recognized for our extraordinary commitment to the health care of Americans receiving government assistance. As the demands of the shifting managed care marketplace necessitate closer, more seamless relationships between providers and insurers, we believe the intersection of our expertise and our commitment will serve us well. And as we look ahead to 2016 and beyond, we remain profoundly grateful for your continuing support and your investment. Sincerely,

We believe Molina Healthcare is well situated to make the most of the abundant opportunities in our field
We have extended our presence across the country and strengthened our position in some of the most populous states. At the same time, we continue to diversify our geographic exposure to mitigate the risks inherent to managed care. In addition to geographic diversity, we continue to offer diversified services -- notably, Molina Medicaid Solutions, which continues to help states seamlessly manage their vast flows of Medicaid-related information -- that provide steady revenue streams. With the acquisition of Providence and the formation of Pathways SM, we significantly enhanced our ability to address the broad array of physical and behavioral health needs of the beneficiaries who account for a disproportionate share of total Medicaid spending -- and who are increasingly important to our company. At the same time, the presence we established in the individual insurance marketplace should continue to pay increasing dividends in the future. As the financial penalties increase in 2016 for individuals who choose to go without coverage, we expect that more uninsured persons with incomes too high to qualify for Medicaid will purchase policies, and our strong presence in five of the most populous states positions us to capture an increasing volume of this business. We have a scalable administrative structure that enables us to reduce or maintain our administrative cost ratio as we grow. As we enter new states, we have demonstrated the ability to integrate new members cost-effectively into our plans who have not been previously covered by managed care. We continue to uphold our high standards for quality, as reflected in the ratings for our various state plans. We maintain a strong balance sheet, and in November
A6

Joseph M. Molina, MD President and Chief Executive Officer

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2015

