To Our Stockholders

I am pleased to report that Molina Healthcare built upon a very successful 2010 and performed extremely well again last year. We entered 2011 with a sound strategy that we executed in a way that improved our performance and made us stronger. We laid foundations for future growth, achieving certification of our Medicaid management information system in Maine, winning large contract awards in Texas, serving more of the aged, blind or disabled in California, and preparing for opportunities in many of our states to serve those who are dually eligible for Medicaid and Medicare. Though we operate in an extremely challenging and complex reimbursement environment ­ where 60% of the states in which we do business actually cut their premium rates in fiscal 2011 ­ we achieved very positive financial results. Our cash flow from operations of $225 million in 2011 was a record for our company. While we reported earnings of only $0.45 for the full year, those results were severely impacted by a non-cash impairment charge associated with the loss of our Missouri health plan contract, which will expire without renewal on June 30, 2012. Were it not for the loss of our Missouri contract, which represented only 5% of our 2011 revenue, we would have reported diluted earnings per share of $1.79 for the year, which would have also been another record for the Company. A key driver of our performance in 2011 was our ability to manage medical costs and hospital utilization by our members in ways that make the most effective use of health care resources while ensuring access to excellent care and promoting better overall health outcomes. While our established health plans continued to grow, we also became more firmly situated in key states such as Texas and Florida, where our presence is relatively new. In addition, with the growth of our Medicaid management information systems business, we strengthened our ability to serve state government clients at multiple points on the Medicaid continuum. We believe that as the need for cost-effective care leads states to move more Medicaid beneficiaries into managed care programs, our experience and proven performance, combined with our position as the most diversified company in our industry, leave us well positioned to capitalize on those opportunities.

they acquired over time, achieving growth and solid performance amid a flat or decreasing reimbursement environment. For example, at our Michigan health plan, one of our operationally mature plans, we worked with hospitals on concurrent review and observation of patients admitted to the emergency room. All too often, emergency room visits turn into hospital admissions before a diagnosis has been confirmed. We are helping turn more of those visits into one-day observation stays and reducing unnecessary hospitalizations without compromising access or quality of care. Our efforts in Michigan have been very successful in helping us control costs, and now we are expanding this program to other markets. It's efforts like these that reduced our overall hospital utilization in 2011. For our members, that trend doesn't mean less care; it means better care. It means patients are receiving services that are more coordinated and that their chronic conditions are managed in ways that help keep them healthier and out of the hospital. While our legacy plans performed strongly, we focused particular attention on our newer plans in Florida, Texas and Wisconsin in 2011. Even though newer markets present challenges, we did not lose our focus on the long term. A small initial presence in a market impacts our ability to negotiate with providers early on, but as we grow in size and build relationships over time, stronger performance follows. In Florida, despite severe reimbursement pressures, our plan's year-over-year performance improved between 2010 and 2011. Our strong management team there has implemented a comprehensive medical cost-reduction plan that will lay the groundwork for even better performance in the state moving forward. In Texas, we faced a short-term challenge in the form of high utilization. Here, too, we are following a comprehensive cost management approach that addresses provider issues, utilization and unit costs. At the same time we are steadily growing our market presence in Texas, which will strengthen our position there as the state expands its Medicaid managed care program. Last year, we won new contracts to administer the STAR and STAR+PLUS programs in the El Paso and Hidalgo (South Rio Grande Valley) service areas, as well as the STAR and CHIP programs in the Dallas service area.

A Continuum of Services -- and New Opportunities
We believe we have gained a real competitive advantage in recent years by greatly increasing our ability to serve clients more comprehensively. Along with beneficiaries of the TANF (Temporary Assistance to Needy Families) program, who make up nearly 80% of our plan membership,

Growing from a Position of Strength
In all but three of the states where we operate health plans, our programs are well established. Such operational maturity is reflected in the success of those plans as they've been able to apply the experience and expertise

A2

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2011

we also serve a fast growing number of aged, blind or disabled (ABD) patients, along with recipients of the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) ­ uninsured children whose parents do not qualify for Medicaid ­ and a relatively small but strategically important group of dual eligibles who qualify for both Medicaid and Medicare. Starting in 2010, we broadened the scope of our services ­ and the foundation on which to build future growth ­ with our entry into the Medicaid management information systems business. Through Molina Medicaid Solutions (MMS), which processes Medicaid transactions and delivers related IT services to state clients, we diversified our services, expanded our presence to five new states, and positioned ourselves to pursue opportunities in states that lack Medicaid managed care programs. We diversified our revenue streams, too, establishing Molina in a fee-based, non-risk side of the Medicaid field. The business is focused on the same Medicaid agency client base as our traditional managed care plans, is scalable, and leverages our technology platform. State Medicaid agencies can now enjoy an integrated solution to manage the care of their Medicaid beneficiaries, administer the flow of related information seamlessly, meet new coding requirements, meet emerging standards for combating fraud and abuse, and ensure good stewardship over public dollars.

Making the Most of Medicaid Growth
We compete in an industry that is both large and growing and within that industry, the government health care sector, where the opportunities are especially attractive. Today, state governments face no bigger economic issue than rising health care costs. In fact, most states now spend more on health care than they devote to public education. We believe that for the foreseeable future, fiscal pressures on the states will continue to intensify. Enhanced federal matching funds, which provided some temporary relief to state budgets, have expired. Meanwhile, we expect that the expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act will bring 16 million more Americans into the program by 2019. The absolute necessity to control these costs will drive more states to shift their Medicaid patients from costly, reactive and episodic fee-for-service models into managed care. As a result of these converging trends, the Medicaid pipeline across the country continues to expand. We also believe that because of our experience, track record for effectively managing both costs and utilization, and our diversified suite of services, Molina is poised to capitalize on this growing opportunity.

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2011

A3

We are positioned even more strongly to capitalize on the growth of managed care services to the dual-eligible population. Dual eligibles are individuals who qualify for both Medicare and Medicaid services. Medicare covers hospitalization, physician services, lab and x-ray services, durable medical equipment, as well as outpatient and other services. Medicaid, on the other hand, covers their Medicare premiums and cost sharing, and ­ for those below certain income and asset thresholds ­ long-term care services and prescription drugs. While dual eligibles account for approximately 15% of Medicaid enrollees nationwide, they contribute almost 40% of the cost ­ an estimated $300 billion each year. They also tend to have multiple chronic health conditions, including a higher than average degree of behavioral health issues. These patients are forced to navigate a system with two sets of providers, benefits, and even enrollment cards. This fragmentation can result in unnecessary, duplicative, or missed services. As a result, Medicare and Medicaid spending on these patients is five times higher than that for Medicare beneficiaries. As the federal government now clearly recognizes, dual eligibles are ideal candidates for managed care. We are uniquely situated to serve this population, which represents a natural extension of our business. Our dual-eligible Medicare special needs plan ranks as the eighth-largest in the country. We are already established in the three states with the largest dual-eligible populations: California, Florida and Texas. These states are also among those to which the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) has awarded planning grants for migrating dual-eligible beneficiaries into managed care. These three states also stand to experience the greatest growth in traditional Medicaid managed care patients over the next five years. While dual eligibles currently comprise just 2% of our members, they represent a great growth opportunity for us, and we intend to make the most of it.

Diversification through Primary Care
Of course, let's not forget that Molina Healthcare is among the very few companies in our field with its own primary care clinics, providing another strategically important element of diversification. What some might view as a legacy actually provides us with a unique advantage that we believe will become more important over time, given the trends that affect our industry. For example, the proposed expansion of Medicaid in the coming years, combined with an increasingly aging population, will exacerbate the shortage of physicians who serve Medicaid patients. We have the ability, however, to strategically situate clinics in areas of physician shortages, providing our members with quick, consistent

A4

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2011

access to salaried staff physicians. In addition, having our own clinics better equips us to serve certain patient populations, such as aged, blind or disabled recipients and dual eligibles ­ market segments that are of growing importance to us. Our clinics also help us to maintain greater control over costs and achieve better economies of scale, because they tend to see large volumes of similar types of patients. Finally, we have learned through experience that seeing our plan members in our clinics correlates with higher HEDIS scores (a tool used by health plans to measure performance on a range of dimensions of care and service), improved patient satisfaction, greater loyalty to the Molina brand name and, most important of all, quality outcomes. At the beginning of last year, we operated 21 clinics in California, Washington and Virginia. During 2012 we have plans to open up approximately 15 more clinics in California, Utah, New Mexico, Texas, Florida and Ohio. While we will never seek to supplant our provider network of primary care physicians, we are slowly, carefully and selectively adding to the number of primary care facilities we operate, and we are investing in the corporate infrastructure to fuel more of this strategic growth.

Looking to the Longer Term
Molina Healthcare began in 1980 with a mission to bring quality care to those who need it most, but can least afford it. It is at the heart of our organizational culture. Over three decades, we've remained committed to that mission as we've grown from a single primary care clinic in Southern California into a company with a national footprint. It is at the core of what makes Molina different and, we believe, the biggest single reason for our success. As we look toward an evolving health care marketplace that is moving steadily in our direction, we can draw on a unique combination of strengths: a legacy of physician-focused leadership; exceptional experience in the industry; a flexible delivery model that includes health plans, fiscal agents and direct delivery of care; and the most diversified service offerings and revenue sources in our field. No other health care organization can say that. Our results for 2011 demonstrate that we are following the right approach for this environment and that the underlying fundamentals of our business continue to support our strategies and aspirations for the future. We look forward to taking the next, exciting steps toward realizing those aspirations during 2012, and we are grateful, as ever, for your support and investment in our success. Sincerely,

The Quality Imperative
Though managing medical costs is essential to our business, we remain equally focused on quality: quality care (and access to care), quality outcomes as well as quality cost management and information management for state clients. To us, quality also means accurate, timely payments to providers that minimize administrative red tape. As of the end of the year, nine of our ten Medicaid health plans had earned quality accreditations from the national committee for quality assurance (NCQA), this designation continues to represent the gold standard for quality-of-care accreditation agencies. But, for us, NCQA accreditation is not the ultimate measure; it is only a milestone. From the beginning, quality has been a part of Molina Healthcare's corporate DNA. We also measure quality by the improvement in our HEDIS scores and by the level of patient satisfaction. And, we know that, no matter how well we measure up, there is always room to perform even better. Accordingly, we will make an even more coordinated effort over the next several years to work closely with our members as well as our providers so we can better understand ­ and respond to ­ their needs. In other words, we continue to draw on our long experience to create wins for all our stakeholders.

J. Mario Molina, M.D. President and Chief Executive Officer

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2011

A5

