To Our Shareholders

As a company, we are fortunate to find ourselves situated amid unprecedented opportunities.
In the years to come, continuing budget pressures will accelerate the trend among states to shift Medicaid patients from costlier and more episodic fee-for-service models into managed care. Those pressures will intensify with the expansion of Medicaid eligibility under the Affordable Care Act, which could bring approximately 12 million more Americans into the program before the end of this decade. Both of these factors mean that the demand for the services we offer is only going to increase. In fact, we project that our revenues will grow from approximately $6 billion in 2012 to approximately $12 billion by the end of 2015. By far, the largest growth opportunity involves the population of "dual-eligibles," who qualify for both Medicare and Medicaid, and who currently comprise a small segment of the beneficiaries we serve. In contrast to the TANF (Temporary Assistance to Needy Families) and CHIP (Children's Health Insurance Program) members who currently make up three-fourths of our membership, dual-eligibles are elderly or disabled, tend to have chronic illnesses (often, multiple chronic conditions, including mental illnesses), and are more likely, because of their low incomes, to remain continuously eligible for the program. Given these characteristics, it's easy to understand why a disproportionately large share of Medicaid dollars goes toward caring for dual-eligibles, and why states are especially motivated to bring them into plans that can deliver a more cost-effective continuum of care. Our experience and track record with Medicaid managed care plans make Molina exceptionally well situated to capitalize on the emerging opportunities in both the traditional Medicaid arena and in the high-growth area of dual-eligibles. We did just that last year in winning contracts for demonstration projects in several key states where the federal government awarded grants to migrate dual-eligibles into new, coordinated Medicare-Medicaid plans. In Ohio, for example, our health plan was selected to participate in the state's Integrated Care Delivery System, which is expected to begin in June 2013. We were selected to participate in the maximum number of regions that any individual plan in the state of Ohio is allowed to serve. The plan will serve approximately 45,000 dual-eligibles in the southwest part of the state ­ an area in which we already have a well-established network of providers due to our existing programs.

J. Mario Molina, MD Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

For Molina Healthcare, 2012 was a year of opportunity, challenge and validation. Our experience and track record continue to open new doors of opportunity for our company, as more states move beneficiaries of public health programs into managed care. As we work to make the most of those opportunities and enter into new contracts and new service areas, we inevitably encounter anew the challenges of medical cost management, amid an already challenging and complex reimbursement environment that differs from state to state. Over the course of three decades, our company and our experienced management team have repeatedly demonstrated the ability to manage through such challenges and place health plans on a solid footing for quality, cost-effectiveness and financial performance. As 2012 progressed, we drew upon that ability once again, particularly in the second quarter, in a way that we believe further validates our approach and our expertise. We also received external validation, having been selected to participate in new innovative partnerships with government entities that we believe will propel further growth, and from the renewal of our state contract in Ohio following a successful appeal. Meanwhile, we continue to diversify our portfolio of services and our revenue streams in ways that we believe allow us to capitalize on our core strengths while adding value to our state clients and plan members. In spite of the challenges we experienced during the second quarter, we achieved another year of very positive financial results. Our cash flow from operations was $348 million, an increase of 54% from 2011. Annual premium revenues were up 27%, from $4.6 billion in 2011 to $5.8 billion in 2012. And, we reported earnings per share for 2012 of $0.21.

A2

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2012

In Illinois, we were selected to serve a market that has roughly 18,000 dual-eligibles under a three-way agreement involving the state's Department of Healthcare and Family Services and the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). In California, we were chosen to participate in an integrated health plan for dual-eligibles in San Diego, Riverside and San Bernardino Counties, where we already serve Medicaid beneficiaries. In all three of these states, our extensive experience in coordinating care for this vulnerable population ­ with demonstrable results ­ was a critical factor in our selection. In California, for instance, we were able to show that total bed days per 1,000 patients have decreased 25% among ABD (aged, blind and disabled) members who had been in one of our plans for at least ten months.

County in the Rio Grande Valley, where a large percentage of our plan members are the aged, blind and disabled, the premium rates we received were set too low to cover the benefits we were required to deliver. Both of these factors significantly affected our financial performance in the second quarter of last year. After we aggressively implemented cost-management measures, including new contracts with providers for lower rates, our medical care ratio improved significantly in the third and fourth quarters. Meanwhile, we successfully negotiated with the state of Texas for a 4% blended rate increase that took effect later in the year. Similarly, in Wisconsin, premium rates were low in relation to the benefits we are required to offer. Here, too, we have worked with the state to improve premium rates as well as providers to adjust reimbursement rates while continuing to apply the full scope of our utilization management tools and expertise. The improved performance in the last half of the year confirms the success of our efforts.

As we leveraged our experience to make the most of growing opportunities, we also encountered new challenges.
In Texas, after winning new contracts in 2011, we began administering plans in the El Paso, Rio Grande Valley and Dallas service areas on March 1, 2012. As a result, our Texas health plan more than doubled in membership and became our company's third largest in terms of revenue and enrollment. We also ran into some of the challenges that typically can occur when a managed care company enters a new territory. In Hidalgo

Through information services and primary care clinics, we continued to build revenues, stability and synergistic solutions.
In 2010, we took an important step to diversify our services with our entry into the complementary business of Medicaid management information systems. By processing Medicaid transactions and

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2012

A3

delivering related IT services, Molina Medicaid Solutions (MMS) augments our health plan business, providing state clients with an integrated solution to manage the care of their Medicaid beneficiaries and seamlessly handle the flow of information. MMS gives us a broader suite of services and enables us to diversify our revenue stream through a fee-based business. MMS also has enabled us to penetrate new states where we do not administer health plans or that lack Medicaid managed care programs. Our primary care clinics represent another avenue of diversification, and an important strategic advantage. We are maintaining and expanding this business not simply because direct delivery of care is part of our company's heritage, nor because it is a natural extension of our health plan business. We are doing it because operating primary care clinics allows us to manage our health plans more effectively and more competitively. As the number of Medicaid beneficiaries grows, the shortage of primary care physicians serving these beneficiaries will become even more acute. But, because we can situate clinics (with salaried primary care doctors) in areas where our plan members encounter a shortage of providers, we can better meet their needs, maintain greater control over costs and attain economies of scale. Significant, too, are the increased patient satisfaction and loyalty to the Molina brand name that accrue when our plan members can see their primary care doctors in our clinics.

For all these reasons, we are building on our existing network of primary care clinics in the states where we compete. In addition to our existing clinics in California, Virginia and Washington, we opened new clinics in California, Florida and New Mexico last year, with more to come in 2013.

Recalling our roots as direct providers of care, the quality of our health plans has always been of paramount importance for our company.
We were especially proud last year that our focus on quality continued to attract national recognition from sources such as the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA), which ranks Medicaid health plans. Eight of our plans are not only accredited but were nationally ranked for the 2012-13 cycles, and our New Mexico, Utah and Washington plans ranked as the top Medicaid health plans in their respective states. Our health plans are also gaining recognition for innovative partnerships and programs to better serve vulnerable populations. For example, last year Molina Healthcare of California and Sacramento County pioneered the Low-Income Health Program, a safety net managed care plan administered by Molina that allows uninsured, low-income residents who do not qualify for Medicaid to receive health care. Two of our clinics in the Sacramento area are participating as primary care providers, and

A4

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2012

up to 14,000 low-income adults will be enrolled. The program, which went into effect in November, not only meets an immediate need; it serves as a bridge to the Medicaid expansion in California and the creation of an insurance marketplace that will take place under the Affordable Care Act. Meanwhile, we joined forces with America's Health Insurance Plans and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to implement the National Diabetes Prevention Program. As part of this initiative, we will focus on preventing Type 2 diabetes in individuals with "pre-diabetes," a condition involving elevated blood sugar levels, and we are leveraging our competencies and resources to deliver this program to our members in Florida and New Mexico. Because diabetes affects approximately 26 million Americans and often contributes to an array of other serious health-related problems, we believe this prevention program has the potential to improve health outcomes while helping slow the growth of health care costs.

delivery of care through an expanding number of clinics that connect us with health plan members, distinguishes us in a way that is unique in our field. Finally, we approach a field of opportunity from a position of strength. We have been in this business for three decades. Very few companies can even approximate our depth of experience with Medicaid recipients ­ experience that in turn gives us a strong track record that is proving key to winning new contracts. Even fewer companies can match the stability and experience of our leadership team, especially in a field that has witnessed so much evolution. We also maintain a strong balance sheet, bolstered by ready access to capital, which we believe will be an important advantage over smaller, provider-owned companies and not-for-profits seeking to manage the costs and care of the populations we serve. More than 30 years ago, Molina Healthcare started with a single clinic and a commitment. That commitment, the cornerstone around which we built, was to provide better health care to those most financially vulnerable in our communities. More than anything, it was dedication to this commitment that enabled our company to grow and succeed. Last year, we passed another milestone in our journey, as Molina Healthcare attained a spot on the FORTUNE 500 list. We are proud to have expanded from a single neighborhood clinic to serve approximately 1.8 million members in nine states. But, we have not forgotten where we came from. Our presence as clinic operators in communities we serve reminds us every day, as we see the faces of health plan patients, what our business is truly about. Building on our 30-year commitment, we are excited about where our business can go in the years ahead. We believe we are in the right place at the right time ­ with the right team ­ to seize the emerging opportunities in our industry. As we move forward, we remain grateful for your continued support and your investment.

As we look toward 2013 and beyond, we continue to believe that we are well positioned to make the most of an evolving marketplace.
With the Affordable Care Act going forward after last year's Supreme Court decision and the re-election of President Obama, we have more certainty than was possible a year ago about the direction in which health care will move. It is clear today that our strength plays into the "new" health care environment, an environment which continues to move patients who receive their health care through government-sponsored health care to managed care. Our focus on these programs and populations, we believe, represents a competitive advantage for our company. Meeting the diverse and complex health care needs of those who need it most, but are least able to afford, it is the core of what we do. While we are focused on an area of health care that will only continue to grow, our company also has achieved a valuable degree of diversity and balance. From the West Coast, where we started, our business has grown to encompass Florida, Texas and the Midwest, situating us in high-growth regions, while reducing the risk that the loss of one state contract would have a significant impact on our company. We have diversified our income streams through our fee-based MMS business, which provides a counterweight to the risk-based health management of individual members. Also, our direct

J. Mario Molina, M.D. President and Chief Executive Officer

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2012

A5

