To Our Shareholders
As in recent years, we achieved these results despite the resistance of some significant headwinds. Obtaining reimbursement rates that fairly reflect the cost of providing our services is an ongoing challenge. In some of our states, we still await reimbursement for fees paid by our company last year for the Affordable Care Act health insurer fee. Our 2014 performance also reflects the higher initial health care costs associated with launching new plans and enrolling new beneficiaries who have not previously been part of a managed care plan. We strongly believe that these are short-term pains that pave the way for robust, long-term gains, as we draw on from our extensive experience in coordinating care to bring about better outcomes at reduced costs.

J. Mario Molina, MD Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

At the beginning of 2014, our leadership team identified
three measures that would be critical to our success: the provision of high-quality, cost-effective care; and improvements in our administrative efficiency. I am pleased to report to you that our company performed well in all three of these areas. As a result, Molina Healthcare enjoyed what we believe was an exceptional year. We experienced some of the strongest enrollment increases in the history of our organization along with tremendous revenue growth across the majority of our health plans. We continue to diversify, both in terms of our intersecting lines of business and our geographical footprint. We continue to win new contracts and enter new states. As a result, we are enrolling an ever-growing percentage of health plan members that have chronic health conditions and those with ongoing needs for integrated managed health care services. We continue to align our resources and skills as a company to gain greater administrative leverage ­ an effort that paid dividends last year in terms of steady improvements in our efficiency and reducing our administrative cost ratio. Most importantly, we continue to uphold our high standards for quality, as reflected in the ratings of our various state plans, while striving to lower costs as prudent stewards of government funds. Our operating results were strong. Total revenues grew to $9.7 billion, a 47% increase from 2013. Net income per diluted share from continuing operations, rose to $1.30, up 35% from $0.96 in the preceding year. Finally, cash flow from operations rose to more than $1 billion last year from $190 million in 2013.

First and foremost, 2014 was a year of unparalleled growth.
After beginning the year with 1.9 million health plan members, we ended with more than 2.6 million. To put this dramatic increase into perspective: It took 23 years for Molina Healthcare to reach 500,000 members. We added nearly that number in just the first three quarters of last year, and we expect to add that many more by mid-2015. The lion's share of our enrollment increases stemmed from the expansion of Medicaid, most notably in California, Ohio and Washington, a wave that has not yet dissipated. In several large states where we operate health plans, officials reported large backlogs in processing applications for the Medicaid program. As these states work through the buildup, our Medicaid enrollment should continue to grow. Moreover, because we receive higher reimbursement for lives covered under Medicaid expansion than for our traditional members, these new enrollees have an additional positive impact on our top line financial performance. Altogether, we expect the new members that were enrolled throughout 2014 to generate approximately $1 billion in annualized revenue. While smaller in volume, the initiatives that accounted for the remainder of our membership increase last year ­ the expansion of our geographic footprint and the addition of new programs for the chronically ill ­ may be even more significant to our long-term growth. We gained a presence in two new state's: South Carolina, where we began serving members under the states new full-risk Medicaid managed care program, and Illinois, where we are part of a fully integrated pilot program for dual-eligible beneficiaries- people who

A2

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2014

qualify for benifits under both Medicaid and Medicare. Meanwhile, in Florida, we were awarded a contract under the state's new Managed Medicaid Assistance (MMA) program, and we completed two acquisitions that increased our plan membership by approximately 70,000. In December, we won a contract to administer Puerto Rico's Medicaid program in two regions; after we begin operations in the second quarter of 2015, we expect to enroll roughly 350,000 new members in this new territory. In nine of our states, we began selling Marketplace products to individuals seeking to purchase insurance under the Affordable Care Act. Additionally, and in a relatively small but important segment of our portfolio, we are cementing Molina's position as a trusted health plan operator for dual-eligible beneficiaries. Last year, along with renewing long-term contracts in two states to serve these beneficiaries, many of whom are elderly and disabled, we implemented new dual-eligible contracts in three additional states.

Families). Most TANF beneficiaries are under 18 years of age and their medical needs are generally episodic in nature ­ pregnancies and treatment for illnesses, for example. In addition, their eligibility for the program, as its name suggests, tends to be temporary based on changes in income or employment status. By contrast, the average age of a member who joins one of our health plans under Medicaid expansion is 40. Like the dualeligibles, care for these members tends to include services that involve chronic illnesses, such as diabetes. Unlike the TANF beneficiaries, Medicaid expansion members are unlikely to lose their eligibility as other circumstances change. While dual-eligibles and enrollees under Medicaid expansion still represent less than 20% of our overall membership, the dramatic enrollment growth we are experiencing with these members means that Molina is shifting from an acute care company into one that is focusing more resources on chronic care. We are managing the care of more individuals with complex needs including behavioral health care than ever before. Meeting the needs of these individuals requires a different service model than the one that applies to the traditional TANF beneficiary. For example, older and dual-eligible members are more likely to need long-term services

With our growth, we are witnessing a subtle shift in the demographic profile of our membership that has important ­ and exciting ­ implications for our company.
Traditionally, the vast majority of our members have been covered under the TANF program (Temporary Assistance for Needy

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2014

A3

delivered in their homes, such as assistance with dressing and medications. They are also more likely to need support services that directly impact their day-to-day health and well-being, such as shopping, nutrition, or with filling prescriptions. While we are not direct providers of such services today, part of our responsibility to these beneficiaries involves assessing each individuals needs and then serving as the vital point of contact to coordinate the array of community-based providers and agencies on each member's behalf. Not all companies are willing to accept the challenges that come with serving the chronically-ill population, but our history and experience make us exceptionally qualified for the job. In fact, our track record in fulfilling our mission of providing quality health care to people receiving government assistance is Molinas foremost competitive strength. For the past eight years, we have been strategically building on this core competency as we recognized early on that long term services and support (LTSS) would become an area of increased focus. Our experience operating Dual Eligible Special Needs Plans helped us foresee the day when a demonstrated ability to manage more beneficiaries with chronic conditions and complex needs would be critical to our success. We also knew that, while these individuals consume a disproportionately large share of total health care expenditures

nationally, they also provide a significant opportunity. This opportunity comes in the form of improved health outcomes to individuals whose care has been managed in the past, along with long-term membership and higher reimbursement levels for the organization that brings efficiencies and demonstrates improved outcomes. We are that organization, and we intend to make the most of this opportunity. At the same time, we continue to build on our business portfolio in ways that leverage the risk that comes with managed health care. For example, even as we have established a strong presence in four of the five most populous states, we have diversified our geographic exposure across the country. We now compete in the Health Insurance Exchange Marketplace, which enables us to provide affordable continuity of care for individuals who have lost their Medicaid eligibility. Through Molina Medicaid Solutions, we provide states with an integrated, seamless solution to manage their Medicaid beneficiaries and the enormous flow of related information. Finally, through our clinics in six states, we continue to provide health care services directly to our members, which we believe will become increasingly important in a more integrated health care marketplace.

A4

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2014

Managing rapid growth can be a challenge for any company. We've proven ourselves to be up to the task.
Collectively, the coordination of these new programs, combined with the dramatic expansion in Medicaid members, represents the largest and fastest programmatic integration and member assimilation in the history of our company. Our success in handling this integration is a reflection of Molina's longstanding expertise in this area, and a dividend from the recent investments we have made in systems, infrastructure and especially in the exceptional efforts made by our people. We anticipated the large membership increases we experienced in 2014 and planned accordingly. For example, we hired over 4,500 new employees in 2013 to help us handle not only the expansion of Medicaid, but also enrollment increases in all of our product lines. In addition, we invested in new information technology to better coordinate member information and to standardize our operations, facilitating faster and smoother startups. Last year, those investments paid valuable dividends. Our successful growth over the past year gives us an even more solid foundation as we seek to make the most of the abundant opportunities in today's marketplace.

Essential to fulfilling and ensuring quality as we take on more beneficiaries with chronic medical conditions is another imperative: making our administrative operations exceptionally efficient.
On this front, we made steady improvement throughout the past year. In fact, our general and administrative expense ratio of 7.9% was 220 basis points lower than the previous year, and our ratio for the third quarter of 2014 was the lowest in five years. These improvements contributed directly to the 67% increase in pre-tax income we enjoyed over 2013 and are an important and sustaining return on the investments that we have made in our infrastructure. Efficiency, of course, is a moving target; we are never satisfied to remain where we are because we believe in always doing better. Our expectation remains that, as we implement and integrate new programs and record their associated revenues on the books, we will continue to reduce our administrative expense ratios.

While we prepared ourselves for growth, we also readied ourselves to address the headwinds that invariably come with being part of our industry.
Under a new law that went into effect last year, we paid $111 million in non-tax-deductible annual fees on the health insurance industry in Medicaid. While five states have been slow to reimburse those fees, we did make significant progress toward the end of 2014 in recouping most of the outstanding balance. During the fourth quarter of 2014, New Mexico and Texas agreed to fully reimburse us, adding $30 million to revenues for that quarter. In the third quarter of 2014, Michigan and Utah committed to reimburse $11 million of the amount owed to Molina, but only informally have indicated their willingness to compensate us also for the tax effects of those fees. California also has informally acknowledged responsibility for reimbursing the fee, but has not yet covered it. Together these delays affected our earnings before taxes by approximately $20 million last year; however, we remain confident that we will be able to recoup all remaining fees from 2014 in 2015. Similarly, programmatic delays affected our performance in Texas, where we expect to receive $30 million in revenues for achieving quality standards. However, because the state has been slow in providing clear direction about how some of its quality measures

Because we began as direct providers of care, quality for us has always been both a bedrock value and a strategic imperative.
A commitment to quality ­ while simultaneously improving cost-efficiency ­ has always been part of Molina's DNA. For this reason, we consider it a great achievement that nine of our eleven Medicaid managed care plans have been accredited by the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA). We are especially proud that three of our Medicaid plans, in New Mexico, Utah and Washington, were the highest ranked in their respective states. In keeping with our commitment to earn NCQA accreditation for all of our Medicaid plans, we are also pleased that our Wisconsin health plan achieved that standard last year. Even as we grow and serve a more diverse population, especially through dual demonstration projects and health insurance marketplaces, our commitment to quality will not change.

Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2014

A5

will be calculated, we were able to record only $10 million of that revenue in 2014. Again, we remain confident that we will be able to collect a significant portion of these revenues in 2015. Additionally, we continued to deal with the familiar challenge of state premium rates that have not kept pace with medical cost trends and with the lack of coordination in the design of profit caps and medical cost floors in some states such as Washington and New Mexico. In the latter case, these states prevent us from offsetting medical cost losses under one contract with profits we achieved under another. We also encountered higher-than-usual medical cost ratios. This development was understandable given the number of new members, particularly those with multiple chronic conditions, we absorbed into our health plans. Fortunately, we have significant experience with addressing the higher short-term costs associated with migrating large numbers of individuals from fee-for-service to managed health care. Because we have demonstrated the ability, through our medical management initiatives, to stabilize and then reduce medical costs as the care for these new members becomes more coordinated, we strongly believe that we will improve our medical margins over time.

Going forward, we are excited about both Molina's current position and our future.
Over the next decade, Medicaid spending is projected to double. And three-fourths of all Medicaid spending remains in the fee-forservice sector. That translates into a $315 billion opportunity for companies like ours. We believe Molina is well-situated to make the most of it. We continue to improve the quality, coordination and costefficiency of care for the members who need us most -- and whose complex needs have become a top priority for financially strapped states seeking to control their Medicaid costs. We have a strong balance sheet, a diverse yet interconnected service mix, and a history of delivering quality and earnings growth. We have built our company with a prospective view of the opportunities that are now in front of us. As we pursue them, we remain deeply grateful for your support and your investment.

J. Mario Molina, MD President and Chief Executive Officer
A6 Molina Healthcare | Annual Report 2014

