To Our Shareholders
For Molina Healthcare, 2007 was a very successful year of continuity, growth, and
opportunity. By almost every measure, it was an exceptional year.
The year’s results continued to strongly affirm the steps we took in 2005 and 2006 to improve
the management of our medical costs—one of the most important performance indicators for
companies in our field. Our managed care programs continued to be recognized for upholding
our own historically high standard for quality, ranking once again among the nation’s best.
In several important ways, 2007 was also a year of growth. In our existing markets, we
expanded our presence and increased the number of members we serve. Through a significant
acquisition, we entered Missouri, a promising new market. We also moved ahead to serve
an entire new category of members—beneficiaries of Medicare Part D—a market that we
believe offers exceptional opportunity and that our core expertise will enable us to serve in a
meaningful way.
As cost pressures on state and federal governments continue to make our approach to managed
care an even more compelling option to Medicaid and Medicare payors, we believe Molina is
better positioned for the future than ever before. Ours is a challenging business that demands
experience and adaptability. Over our 27-year history, we have demonstrated an ability to
respond proactively to changes that affect our industry. This same experience also enables
us to capitalize on emerging opportunities in our markets. We are excited about what those
opportunities hold for our company.
Solid Performance and a Solid Foundation
Building on the results from a year ago, we continued to make substantial progress throughout
2007 in the management and growth of our business—progress that is reflected in our
company’s financial performance.
Our consolidated earnings for 2007 were $58 million, or $2.05 per share. These results represent
an increase of 28% over the previous year. Revenue from premiums increased by roughly 25%,
from $2 billion in 2006 to $2.5 billion last year. In the fast-growing Medicare portion of our
business, premium revenues increased by 81%, to $49 million. Our total enrollment rose by
6% over the previous year. Cash flow from operations grew by $56 million, an increase of 55%
from 2006.
We are pleased with our results, but we also view them as a platform for continued improvement
in 2008.
Managing to Win for All Our Stakeholders
Managing medical costs is as fundamental to our business as blocking and tackling are to
football. It is also key to creating wins for all our stakeholders, including our plan members.
If you were able to attend our Investor Day last September, you heard the story of one of our
members from Washington—we identified him by his initials, D.S.—who serves as a great
example of how reducing costs can also improve the quality of care. D.S. is 42 years old and
suffers from severe mental illness. Before we took over his care, the previous system focused
on D.S.’s health only when he actually interacted with a health care provider. As a
result, his care was intermittent, uncoordinated, and ineffective. He would surface
periodically in the emergency room, where he was typically admitted for treatment
of pneumonia and heart disease. After being discharged, D.S., who was homeless,
would disappear again into the woods.
Drawing on both our experience in operating clinics for low-income patients
(unique among our competitors in this field) and on our long experience in
managing care for this population, we developed an innovative, integrated
program with the state of Washington. When D.S. surfaced again and was admitted
to the hospital, we responded with a care coordination team that included a nurse
case manager, a social worker and staff who remained in regular communication
with him. Thanks to this intensive interventionist approach, D.S. moved last year
to an adult family home where he regularly saw a physician and enjoyed good
meals. Our mental health case manager monitors his treatment so that he receives
medications for his mental illness and regularly visits a psychiatrist. As a result of
having coordinated care, D.S. has not been admitted to the ER or a hospital in the
past year. He is experiencing better care at an overall lower cost to the system.
Connecting vulnerable populations with the right resources in the right place at
the right time is what we do best. It has always been our core competency. It is a
competency that enables us to realize the vision for what managed care was always
intended to be.
Managing Costs
Managing medical costs has always been a particular focus for us. In 2006, we
undertook a broad range of initiatives on this front; from reinforcing utilization
analyses to strengthening our management team at the plan levels; to cultivating
relationships with more cost-effective providers; to enhancing case and disease
management for members with chronic conditions like diabetes. These efforts
and others were key to our company’s improved performance in 2006, and they
continued to drive our performance last year. As a benchmark measure of that
improvement, our medical cost ratio decreased from 85.1% in the fourth quarter of
2006 to 83.6% in the fourth quarter of 2007, a year-over-year decrease of 150 basis
points. Now that our efforts to manage medical costs have proven successful—and
while we will continue them—we will be able to focus more energy on increasing
enrollment in the states where we have established a strong presence.
Managing Strategically
Along with providing an opportunity to meet members of our management team,
our Investor Day offered shareholders an overview of our operations and a look
at where Molina Healthcare is headed. During the past year, we developed a high-
level strategic plan to guide our work over the next three years.
The plan centers around five key areas: quality, growth, financial strength,
compliance and customer service. Together, these indicators are our company’s
vital signs. Overall, our signs have been very good, but we also recognize that we must maintain
our focus on them. If we are successful in these areas, we will become an even stronger
company that delivers improved value to you.
Quality Comes First
For us, quality is both a value that is wired into our company’s DNA and a strategy for
propelling our growth. We take great pride in the quality of our work and in the satisfaction of
our members. We also know that demonstrable quality is a driver that enables us to win new
contracts.
Accordingly, I am pleased to report that, for the third year in a row, all of our eligible health
plans were ranked among the nation’s best. The ranking by
U.S. News & World Report
, based on
data collected by the nonprofit National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA), involves a
review of nearly 800 Medicaid, commercial and Medicare plans. NCQA evaluates plans based
on consumer experiences, effectiveness of preventive services and treatment. All of our plans
received “Excellent” status—the highest level of accreditation awarded by the NCQA. We regard
this status as an affirmation of our efforts on behalf of our members. At the same time, we look
upon quality as a constantly moving target. No matter how highly we may be ranked, we will
always seek to perform even better.
Managing Growth
In several important ways last year, we successfully executed our strategy of achieving measured
and consistent growth.
In the fourth quarter, we acquired Mercy CarePlus, a St. Louis-based health plan that served
approximately 68,000 members throughout Missouri who qualified for the state’s Medicaid
managed care program. Because the acquisition enabled us to enter a new state, it also addresses
another of our strategic objectives—diversifying our service areas and offerings. With Mercy’s
strong membership base and deep roots in the community, we now have a solid foundation for
growth in Missouri.
We also expanded our services to Medicare beneficiaries. Two years ago, we established a
beachhead in this arena when we began serving low-income seniors who qualified for both
Medicaid and Medicare. For this “dual-eligible” population, we now offer a Medicare Advantage
Special Needs Plan in California, Michigan, Nevada, Utah and Washington. Beginning in
January 2008, we began offering this product in New Mexico and Texas as well. While this
segment represents a relatively small slice of our total business, it is also among the areas
experiencing the fastest growth, and we believe it holds great promise for the future.
Meanwhile, through our participation in the Medicare program, we recognized a significant
opportunity. We encountered a large number of Medicare recipients who are low-income but
who do not qualify for Medicaid assistance. Quite often, these people are almost identical
demographically to our dual-eligible population. They face the same challenges when it comes
to accessing health care services. Frequently, they even live in the same neighborhoods as our
members. But if their annual income is slightly above the threshold for Medicaid eligibility, they
cannot participate in our Special Needs Plan.
Over the years, we have accumulated a great depth of experience in serving low-
income seniors. Therefore, it was a logical and natural extension of our business
to offer a full-service product for Medicare beneficiaries who do not qualify for
Medicaid. Participating in this marketplace will enable us to enroll many new
members without diluting our focus and without adding new infrastructure.
During 2007, we began marketing efforts for our new Medicare product. In
January of 2008, we began offering it in the seven states where our plan for dual-
eligibles is available.
Finally, we continue to grow in our existing markets as more people eligible for
our services enroll in our health plans and as states mandate managed care in
more counties. This dynamic enabled our membership to grow rapidly last year in
Ohio and Texas, two of our start-up markets. In Missouri, our newest market, the
state expanded mandatory managed care for Medicaid to 17 additional counties
effective January 1, 2008. As a result, approximately 46,000 participants in the
program must select a managed care plan. With our acquisition of a respected
health plan, we are in an excellent position to enroll many of these members.
Managing Financial Strength
Because we are stewards of the public’s money, maintaining financial strength and
discipline is imperative. We must always deliver our services cost-effectively. And
we must always find ways to do things even better.
One important way that we fulfill this duty is by administering our programs
efficiently. Traditionally, our operating costs are among the lowest in our industry.
Last year, we extended that strong track record. We have been very conservative
in our use of debt. We also made a goal of diversifying our business, both through
entering new markets and offering new products—as evidenced by our Missouri
acquisition and by our new plan for Medicare Part D recipients.
Fulfilling Our Public Responsibility
Similarly, our participation in public healthcare programs requires diligent
attention to regulatory compliance. As with quality, compliance is a dynamic and
ongoing process in an evolving environment and there is always opportunity for
improvement. To ensure our strength in this important area, we have built and
maintain an infrastructure that facilitates effective oversight of our operations. We
also have developed a corporate compliance plan, and each of our health plans has
its own compliance staff. As a result, we believe we are well prepared to meet not
only all current requirements but new ones as they arise.
Focusing on Our Customers
Finally, we are focused more than ever on our customers. That is no simple task,
considering that those we serve—members, providers, government payors, and
our own employees—are diverse groups with diverse needs and interests.
To government payors, we are dedicated to delivering excellent quality and value, and prudently
managing taxpayer dollars. To providers, we are committed to fast and accurate payment,
and to breaking down the barriers and cutting the red tape that many physicians have long
associated with managed care organizations. To our employees, we are committed to providing
a work experience that is both challenging and fulfilling. We are dedicated, above all, to helping
members overcome obstacles to accessing quality care. My father, who founded this company,
always believed that the poorest among us deserve the same courtesy, respect, and care as those
who can afford private insurance. We believe that the ways we put his values into practice each
day continues to set Molina apart.
Continuity for a Changing Environment
We serve an important and growing need. Last year, Medicaid provided some or all of the health
care coverage for one in five Americans. As rising costs tear at the old safety net of employer-
sponsored health insurance, as senior citizens come to represent a growing percentage of
America’s population, and as the nation grapples with the need to provide care for the nine
million children who are uninsured, the demand for the kinds of services we offer will increase.
At the same time, as Medicaid spending continues to rise, the need for balancing access to
quality care with cost control will grow too.
We believe that Molina is well positioned to meet these needs. We operate within a changing and
challenging environment. We also operate with a management team that brings a continuity of
exceptional experience to our work.
We have demonstrated an ability to serve the Medicaid and Medicare populations that meets
the needs of patients, providers, and payors alike. We have doubled the size of our company
over the past decade. We have shown that we can respond effectively to business challenges.
We are convinced that our past is the most reliable predictor of our future. Building on a strong
foundation and a growing need, we believe that Molina is poised for even greater success. We
are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. And, as always, we remain grateful for your
support and your investment.
Sincerely,
J. Mario Molina, M.D.
President and Chief Executive Officer