For the year ended June 30, Molex sales topped $1.8 billion, increasing 7.7% year over year. Net income was $84.9 million, up 11% after accounting for a fourth quarter charge of $28.6 million primarily related to restructur- ing of operations for the telecommunications infrastructure market.
The company generated a 4.6% net profit on sales for the year. Without the special charge, profits would have been up 17.2% and represented 6.2% of sales.
We remained the highly-competitive number-two company in the global connector industry and gained share in virtually all markets we serve. These accomplishments are all the more noteworthy because we achieved them during a downturn whose severity was unprecedented in the connector industry. It also was the first time in more than two decades that the connector market experienced negative growth for longer
than 12 months. The industry declined 30% in 2002 and 2003 combined.
Credit for Molex’s gains rests squarely on our people. Employee teams worldwide worked tirelessly to help reduce materials costs, refine processes, improve delivery and cut overall expenses through productivity and lean manufacturing initiatives. We deeply appreciate their daily contributions and unflagging dedication during these difficult times.
2003 ANNUAL REPORT
17
To Our Shareholders

DRAWING ON OUR STRENGTHS
The downturn has been longer and more pronounced than anyone anticipated. Fortunately, however, we have continued to both support our short-term competitive abilities and ensure our long-term survival. This was no easy feat. It took decisive, defensive action that lever- aged the strengths at the core of Molex. Among them:
Financial stability: A robust balance sheet and cash flow and virtually no debt ensure we can operate with- out compromising the fundamentals of our business. A strong cash balance gives us the freedom to make opportunistic investment decisions that advance the company’s goals, as well as builds customer confidence in our ability to meet their needs today and in the future.
High reinvestment rate: To maintain product and man- ufacturing leadership, we invest a high percentage of annual revenue in new product development and man- ufacturing productivity improvements. In the past five years, we have channeled $1.9 billion into R&D, facili- ties and process enhancements. That is money well spent: From 25% to 30% of annual sales comes from products launched in the preceding three years.
Lean competitive organization: We relentlessly focus on reducing our selling, general and administrative costs as a percentage of sales. Since fiscal 2001, we trimmed SG&A spending 13.4%. We also are building volume in lower-cost production locations. In the past three years, we doubled our factory floor square- footage in these areas, which now account for one-third of our total manufacturing capacity. Similarly, we suc- cessfully cut our materials costs through the use of our global computer systems, reverse online auctions and identification of alternative resins and metals.
Technology leadership: We strive to provide customers with the most advanced interconnection products and systems through intellectual property development and participation in industry standards committees. In 2003, we commercialized 339 new product families and secured 529 patents at a time when many of our com- petitors were forced to curtail spending. Presently, Molex engineers are active in 45 standards committees that are shaping the technologies of the future and are at the helm of more than a dozen of them.
Broad product line: We offer more than 100,000 discrete product families, both standard and custom designed. We also continue to expand our integrated system solutions for industries from automotive and computer to medical and industrial. These assemblies, which add value for our customers and revenue for Molex, dovetail with the trend of supplier consolidation.
Diversification: Our mix of business by global region, industry segment and type of customer has a balanced effect on our company. We have manufacturing facili- ties in 19 countries and serve customers in every corner of the world. In 2003, we continued to widen our scope by identifying and adding accounts, as well as penetrat- ing new market niches and emerging applications.
Global systems: Our state-of-the-art communication systems make it easier for companies to do business with us and easier for us to cost-effectively manage all steps in the supply chain. We created a self-service environment for our customers through www.molex.com. They can access our entire product line, download drawings, obtain price quotes, order samples and track delivery. In 2003, the site drew nearly five million visits and downloads of nearly 800,000 sales drawings. Visitors can search in eight languages or connect to our new Chinese language site. Of special note is that overall, 85% of our customer transactions are electronic.
Molex is the only connector company with a fully global communication platform. We continue to build on our Global Information System, which links 98% of our operations, adding functionality to identify business opportunities, forecast sales revenue and manage cus- tomer programs. In 2003, we used the GIS to improve on-time delivery performance 22% and reduce order- to-delivery cycle time 11%.
Environmental responsibility: We are committed to minimizing the environmental impact of our business operations through responsible management and product stewardship. We devote significant resources to improving our environmental management systems and lessening creation of waste and pollution in our facilities. To date, more than 50% of our applicable facilities globally have received ISO-14000 certification, the gold standard for environmental management. We continue to work to attain this certification in our remaining sites.
Additionally, we are progressing in our efforts to pro- vide timely and effective solutions as our customers transition to lead-free products. We expect this process, which began within Molex in 2000, to be complete in 2005 in compliance with European legislation.
Experienced management team: With an average tenure of 21 years with Molex, our seasoned profes- sionals know how to steer the company through difficult times. As importantly, we are passionate about devel- oping Molex leaders of the future through training at all levels. This includes on-the-job and online learning, as well as custom initiatives such as our two-year, in-house global management training program. Our commitment to employee development is as steadfast as our emphasis on product development.
18
MOLEX INCORPORATED

RESULTS BY REGION
Americas North and South America Growth was diffi- cult in the Americas in 2003. Sales declined 3%, and profits fell 2%. However, the region was successful in reducing materials and process costs, while trimming lead time to customers.
Although overall corporate infrastructure spending decreased, we took marketshare and secured several big wins in the data storage area based on our broad product line and responsiveness to customers. We also gained ground in the consumer, industrial and medical markets. In addition, our Integrated Products Division identified new opportunities to build sub- assemblies and complete devices leveraging Molex content. This sparked Molex innovations in disposable switches, impedance matched flex circuits and inter- faces for applications as diverse as nonrestrictive patient monitoring systems, computer server backplanes and commercial security systems. Unfortunately, these achievements were only able to offset ongoing reductions in demand from the fiber optic and telecom markets.
Customer delays in our automotive programs kept that market flat. On the upside, we were awarded many new automotive design assignments that will favorably impact future revenue. Additionally, our push into non-automo- tive transportation such as railroad, marine, truck and commercial avionics began to yield quantifiable results.
We continued to build our base for growth. During the year, we identified, pursued and acquired literally thousands of new customers, through both direct sales and distribution.
Far East North Japan and Korea Although the Japanese economy continued to struggle, Molex sales in the region rose 16% in U.S. dollars and 10% in local currencies, while profits edged 15% higher in dollars and 9% in local currencies.
The Far East North did not have as large a base of sales in the fiber optic and telecom industries as the Americas had. The region introduced many new prod- ucts, reflecting its unparalleled expertise in high- performance technology. Molex Japan is a global leader in precision manufacturing and miniaturization. During the year, it developed products for digital still and video cameras, plasma TVs, computers and hand- held devices — all markets that continue to gain larger audiences worldwide.
In the industrial arena, we increased sales in both production and test equipment segments despite the market’s delays in capital investment, particularly for semiconductor manufacturing. An area of significant
growth was our compact robotic connector line, which brings rugged durability and power to factory automa- tion applications. We anticipate further expansion of our industrial business in the coming year.
We also saw increases in automotive sales as we won a number of new applications in both Japan and Korea.
Far East South Singapore, Malaysia, China, Thailand, Taiwan and India Molex’s fastest growing region moved 23% higher in sales in U.S. dollars and 22% in local currencies. Profits accelerated 11% in dollars and 10% in local currencies. Fortunately, the recent SARS outbreak did not affect our operations or most of our customers.
All countries in this region experienced healthy revenue increases. Primary drivers of this growth were the transfer of business from other regions, as well as the Far East South’s flow of new products and ability to provide both high-volume connector production and integrated systems.
The Far East South now operates 10 factories, including four in China. In 2003, we opened two additional plants in China, which report to our Far East North region.
India also is home to our new high-precision tooling center, which serves as a lower-cost source of molds and dies for Molex plants worldwide. In just a short time, this facility has contributed significantly to our goal of reducing capital expenditures for tooling new products, while maintaining the highest standards of quality.
In addition to our key computer, business machine and mobile phone markets, we are gearing up for increased demand in automotive connectors for both export and in-region consumption.
Europe This region continued to be affected by reces- sion. The European economy lags that of the U.S. by at least a year, keeping this region Molex’s weakest today and likely through 2004. Revenue in dollars increased 3%, but in local currencies — the true meas- ure of growth — sales declined 11%. Profits in Europe were significantly impacted by the fiscal fourth quarter 2003 charge.
Europe has been hard hit by the drop in orders for telecommunication equipment and continuing move of mobile phone production to the Far East. As a result of the overall reduction of demand, we closed two smaller plants in Western Europe in the fourth quarter. On a positive note, our automotive business was relatively robust, with the promise of even greater revenue over the next 12 months as we introduce to Europe Molex technologies that have proven successful in the U.S.
In pursuing new business, we are placing greater emphasis on automotive, as well as industrial accounts. These customers increasingly are seeking complete
2003 ANNUAL REPORT
19

systems, which we can provide through integrated products made in our Poland and Slovakia facilities. We recognize that the markets in Europe have changed and we have adjusted our organization accordingly.
OPPORTUNITIES AHEAD
Globally, we remain cautiously optimistic in our short- to-medium-term outlook. The world’s economy remains fragile, and we see only very modest improvement over the next year.
However, we expect a slight increase in spending by corporations, as they gradually begin restoring their technical budgets to update computers and servers and add new products such as wireless laptops. We anticipate modest growth in consumer spending on digital devices such as cameras, DVD players and cell phones, although telecommunications infrastructure sales will languish. Further growth will come from broader use of electronics in vehicles and expansion of our industrial customer base. We also expect gains in medical applications, both institutional and in the emerging category of in-home diagnostics.
Going forward, we will continue to benefit from the long- term viability of the $24.9 billion global connector market- place. More importantly, we will aggressively build on the fundamental strength of Molex and our more than six- decade-long record of superior customer service. We are committed to making Molex the finest company we can.
For 2004, we believe Molex can achieve sales growth of 7% to 11% and a net profit on sales of 7% to 8%, making good progress toward once again attaining our longtime goal of 10% return on sales. With these results, earnings per share will increase 22% to 38% year over year, excluding the fourth quarter 2003 charge mentioned at the outset of this letter. Based on the momentum we have been building in every aspect of our business, this performance should be within reach.
In closing, we want to extend a warm welcome to new Molex Directors Michelle Collins and Joe Laymon. We and all members of the Board thank them for sharing their expertise with us and look forward to a long working relationship.
    J. Joseph King
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Martin P. Slark President and
Chief Operating Officer
Fred A. Krehbiel Co-Chairman of the Board
John H. Krehbiel, Jr. Co-Chairman of the Board
20
MOLEX INCORPORATED
