PAGE 2

MOLEX

Q

2012 ANNUAL REPORT

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:
Our fiscal 2012 was proof that the global economic environment in which we operate remains dynamic and uncertain. The year began with record revenues and profits in the first quarter after record results for all of fiscal 2011, then changed rapidly with demand failing to materialize as expected across most of our markets. The Molex we have built in recent years managed well through this challenging period--in many respects, we had perhaps the strongest operating performance in our history.
over the past few years across the business. The results are clear. Our global Lean Six Sigma initiative has now become embedded in our o rganization, generating record savings for the company during the e fiscal year. Led by 17 Master Black k Belts and 50 Black Belts, we have e completed more than 4,000 different t projects around the world, many focu used on driving

FINANCIAL RESULTS

million in fiscal 2012, a new record. As we pursue long-term growth in revenue and profitability, we remain

ongoing improvements in efficiency, quality and custom m er service. Quality notifications s from customers decreased in fiscal 2012 by more than 30 percent, while on-time delivery performanc ce reached an all-time high.

$3.5 billion, a 3 percent decline from fiscal 2011's record $3.6 billion. Earnings per share were $1.59 in fiscal 2012, which was down 6 percent from what we reported last fiscal year. Operating income was $399 million, down from the record $430 million achieved in fiscal 2011. We maintained our gross margins throughout the year despite lower revenues, expanding them by 30 basis points to 30.6 percent, while selling, general and administrative costs (SG&A) rose slightly from last year, largely due to foreign exchange translation. Free cash flow (cash provided from operating activities minus capital expenditures) increased to $347

strongly committed to returning a portion of our cash flow to Molex shareholders through a sound dividend strategy. We review the dividend rate annually to ensure an appropriate payout ratio and sustainable dividend, with a yield above that of the S&P 500. This year, the quarterly dividend was increased for the seventh time in eight years, to $0.22 per share, an increase of 10%.

Quality Notification Trend

OPERATING PERFORMANCE
Our ability to maintain margins and deliver the performance we did in 2012's challenging economic environment was testimony to the strength of our people, our global productbased organization and the improvement initiatives we have set in motion
Q Q
2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012

Significant improve ement vs. prior year Six years of continu uous improvement

WELL BALANCED BY MARKET: 2012 INDUSTRY MIX

17%
AUTOMOTIVE

26%
INFOTECH

23%
TELECOM

18%
CONSUMER

13%
INDUSTRIAL

3%
OTHER

We are well diversified by end market, customer and geography, resulting in lower risk and stronger growth p potential. g g

319
Number of patents issued to Molex in fiscal 2012

Molex has the people, the products, the organization, the financial resources and, most important, the drive to get it done.

GLOBAL CONNECTOR MARKET (revenue $ in billions)
DRIVING INDUSTRY GROWTH
Emerging markets Rising Internet traffic Mobile devices Enterprise refresh cycle cycl le

2000 20 00

$34 $3 4

1990 90

$16 6

1980 19 80

$8

MOLEX

Q

2012 ANNUAL REPORT

PAGE 5

The global pricing system we implemented last year contributed to the lowest price erosion we have experienced in recent memory. Our global supply chain initiative continued to drive cost improvements during the year, especially in the area of freight and duty expenses, which further decreased in fiscal 2012. But more importantly, we set in motion the mechanism for strengthening our global procurement organization and improving sales and operations planning, whic which will provide longterm operational operation benefits for years to come.

beyond what we achieve through traditional organic means by focusing on three key areas. The first is applying innovative thinking to identify new business opportunities for Molex. In 2012 we launched a companywide "innovation challenge" to encourage our people to explore different markets and product technologies that make sense for the company. Employee involvement led us to our current antenna and solid state lighting businesses and is a proven way to build our investment opportunity pipeline.

The Temp-Flex business falls under our third area of focus for non-traditional growth: integrated products. We are seeing increasing demand among customers for more complex interconnect solutions, cable assemblies, and other value-added components that include our products. Within this business area, we are focused only on opportunities that have significant Molex product content, enhance our relationship with strategic customers, or require engineering design work which allows us to generate good financial returns. This type of business offers very

The second area is acquisition. Our

PURSUING NEXT-LEVEL GROWTH
Historically, Mo Molex has done a good job of achievin achieving sales and market share growth o organically. Throughout our history, we have consistently outperformed the connector market during recover recovery cycles and performed on par with it d during downturns. We believe this is largely because of our strategy of inv investing aggressively in R&D throug through all cycles, which enables us to gain g share during periods of reco recovery. But in today's challenging market environment, h how can we ensure additional market mar share gains? We are working to accelerate growth

attractive returns on investment because of its lower cost of development and capital investment relative to our pure connector products. We see integrated products as a significant opportunity for us, with the potential to grow at a higher rate than our connector business.

intention is to improve our effectiveness at identifying, pursuing and closing appropriate transactions. Our M&A philosophy won't change-- as in the past, we will not acquire companies just to add revenues. Our focus will remain on acquisitions that bring us either new technologies or access to new markets. A good example of this approach is the acquisition we completed in 2012, Temp-Flex, Inc., a leading designer and manufacturer of specialty wire and cable products. The addition of Temp-Flex significantly strengthens Molex high-performance cable assembly capabilities, particularly for medical, aerospace and military markets.

GROWING RESPONSIBLY
Sustainability has long been a focus at Molex, as evidenced by Ecocare, our comprehensive approach to environmental responsibility. In 2012, we expanded the scope of our sustainability program to include business ethics, labor practices, and environment, health and safety (EHS). We made good progress throughout the

PAGE 6

MOLEX

Q

2012 ANNUAL REPORT

year unifying oversight of these functions, putting into place robust audit and management systems across the organization, and establishing the right metrics to drive and measure our performance.

our capital spending at 6.5% of revenue has reached record levels of efficiency, we have greatly improved the flexibility of our manufacturing cost structure, and we have demonstrated the ability to control SG&A costs through difficult business cycles.

A BRIGHT FUTURE
The macro trends in our industry have not changed. Burgeoning consumption of data is driving the need for everfaster download speeds and everincreasing storage capacity. Strong demand continues for ever-more functionality in ever-smaller mobile devices, and electronic content continues to grow all around us in areas including automotive entertainment and safety systems, medical devices and factory automation for industrial applications. These trends and many others align strongly with Molex's long history of providing innovative interconnect solutions and represent tremendous long-term opportunity for us. We could not be more pleased with the results of the new global productbased organization and restructuring plan we implemented a few years ago. Our single, worldwide sales and marketing group has achieved industry leading customer service levels,

With our global and industry presence, our technology leadership, and the skills, experience and passion of our people, it is difficult to see a limit to what Molex can achieve in the future. We thank you for your support. Sincerely,

MARTIN P. SLARK
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

LIAM G. MCCARTHY
President and Chief Operating Officer

