to our shareholders
Fiscal 2006 was an outstanding year for Molex.
We delivered strong financial performance and continued to invest in new product innovation. We made progress in our efforts to improve opera- tions, from productivity to quality performance. As we improved our profitability throughout the year, we achieved strong revenue growth and built momentum for fiscal 2007.
But we were not content simply to improve for the short term. We launched a significant global initiative in 2006 to refine our business structure and position Molex for even better performance in the future.
We’re building a Molex that’s more unified and globally integrated than ever—one company, delivering a world of innovation.
Molex 2006 AnnuAl RepoRt 

letteR to ShAReholdeRS
StRong finAnciAl peRfoRMAnce
Our net revenue of $2.86 billion for the year represented an increase of 12.3 percent versus last year, significantly better than the 7.5 percent growth rate expected for the connector industry in calendar year 2006. We delivered record net income of $237 million, including costs associated with our previously announced restructuring program. This net income performance represented a significant improvement over fiscal 2005, driven by revenue growth, profit improvement initiatives and our focus on lowering SG&A as a percent of sales. Net return on sales was 8.3 percent in 2006, putting us back on track in our efforts to achieve our objective of net 10 percent.
Molex gross margin for fiscal 2006 was 34.9 percent, representing a solid improvement over the previous year in spite of significant increases in raw material costs, particularly gold and copper. A number of Molex initiatives contributed to gross margin gains in 2006: The company made steady progress in efforts to move the business mix toward higher- growth, more profitable areas. We continued to prune less-profitable products from the portfolio. We initiated a significant number of projects in each of our operations to reduce manufacturing costs
and improve productivity. We also progressed in
a number of product quality improvement
initiatives, which further reduced costs.
liam g. Mccarthy
President and
Chief Operating Officer
Martin p. Slark
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 2 Molex 2006 AnnuAl RepoRt
