1
 Letter to Shareowners
Our performance in 2006 represented another outstanding year for our company. We had record financial results. We saw strong strategic progress in our key crops, solid performance from our 2005 acquisitions, and record adoption of our seed and trait technologies in key global markets.
This year’s performance provides us with a solid platform for future growth. Our success begins with our ability to look forward from today. It begins with our ability to build on our near-term success, by refusing to be content in our leadership position and by capitalizing on new-emerging opportunities.
Growth in our business is ongoing and it all starts today.
Supporting the Demands of Agriculture
Our successful transition from an agricultural company led by our chemical business to one led by our growing global seed business is complete. In just three years, from 2003 to 2006, we’ve seen sales from our seeds and genomics segment more than double from $1.9 billion in 2003 to $4 billion this year. Concurrently, our gross profit has increased, as illustrated in the box on this page.
Our recent growth underscores the value that our seed and trait technologies are providing to farmers throughout the world. Farmers are rewarding us for our ability to discover and deliver innovative products that address the challenges they face on their farms.
From a distance, little seems to change in agricul- ture. Up close, however, agriculture is a dynamic, constantly evolving industry. Our business is expanding to meet the needs of the world’s growing population, which is estimated to grow from 6 billion people today to 8 billion by 2025.
Agriculture will be at the heart of feeding our hungry planet. Monsanto is uniquely positioned
to help farmers produce more food to meet
this demand. Our work begins by delivering crops which can offer farmers higher yield and greater value, and lead to healthier food options for consumers.
Meeting the Needs of Our Customers
From our vantage point, the Americas continue to drive global production of plant protein that helps feed this growing world. It’s why we need to be in markets like Argentina and Brazil, despite their ongoing challenges.
  Gross Profit
Actual Target (in billions of dollars)
  3.80
03 04 05 06 07
Backed by solid performance in our business segments, Monsanto’s gross profit increased for
a fourth consecutive year in fiscal year 2006. The increase has occurred as we’ve realized continued adoption of our products, including seed and trait technologies. The adoption, including higher-margin offerings like stacked traits, has contributed to an increased gross profit opportunity — a trend we expect to continue heading into the 2007 fiscal year.
   2.27
3.55 3.00
2.53
   
Meeting the needs of this growing population also means supporting trends like health-conscious diets and renewable energy resources, like biofuels. Both are trends we anticipated and ones we’re actively supporting while recognizing there may be more we can do. Both trends underscore the increased demand for better performing, higher-yielding crops, which is precisely what our research looks to deliver.
Whether our farmer customer is in central Iowa, outside Bangalore, or in the Albacete province of Spain, their seed purchase is based on how they believe that seed will yield. When we satisfy that need, our customers win and our business wins.
Today, the vast majority of our business is focused on that yield proposition. Our breeding research aims to develop a better, higher-yielding seed for farmers while our work in biotechnology aims to
preserve the inherent yield potential of that seed or unlock its value even further.
Delivering Yield, Delivering Value
Our continued progress in breeding led to remarkable new growth in our branded corn business this year. In 2006, in many parts of the world, corn farmers increased their plantings of Monsanto’s branded corn seeds. Their purchase represents an endorsement of the hard work of our plant scientists and commercial teams throughout the world. It is a vote of confi- dence in our ability to bring a better seed product than the competitive offerings available to them.
This confidence is evident in the continued success and adoption of our branded corn seed products, both in the United States and abroad. Our growth in these markets is highlighted in the scorecard
on this page.
While these gains are significant for our business, they have yet to fully reflect the application of tools like marker-assisted breeding, which offers our scientists a new way to unlock the genetic potential of our seed offerings. This approach, expected to double the rate of genetic gain versus traditional breeding methods, has our business poised to realize new growth in key corn-growing regions between now and the end of the decade.
Protecting Seeds for Better Yields
Our work in biotechnology provides farmers with seed-based options to protect their yield, and this year our business witnessed record adoption across our trait portfolio because of the value these products are providing farmers. Some of our key highlights this year included:
A more than 300 percent increase in U.S. corn acres, or 5.8 million, planted to our higher-margin, triple-trait technology which offers weed control and above and below ground insect-protection in a single seed.
More than 2 million smallholder cotton farmers
in India planted our Bollgard insect-protected cotton technology on more than 8 million acres. Record adoption of our Roundup Ready soybean technology in Brazil, as it was used on more
than 19 million soybean acres.
Increased plantings of our YieldGard insect- protected corn technology within six
European countries.
2
   Scorecard
GROWING OUR GLOBAL CORN SEED BUSINESS(1)
North America Region 14% United States(2) 14%
Europe-Africa Region 13% France 10% Italy 14% Hungary 26% Turkey 17% South Africa 38%
Asia-Pacific Region 35% India 29%
Latin America Region 37%
Mexico 58%
Brazil 35%
Argentina 35%
(1) Market share is for hybrid corn seed market only.
(2) U.S. market share is for Asgrow and DEKALB brands only; not inclusive of ASI companies.
    16%
19%
+ 5%
16%
19%
+ 5%
15%
15%
+ 2%
14%
15%
+ 5%
17%
21%
+ 7%
30%
32%
+ 6%
23%
23%
+ 6%
44%
49%
+11%
37%
35%
flat
34%
35%
+ 6%
38%
38%
+ 1%
57%
60%
+ 2%
35%
34%
– 1%
37%
35%
flat
                   FY04
FY05
FY06
CHANGE
(’04-’06)

3
   Hugh Grant
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
As leaders, we remain focused on stacking and upgrading our products so farmers can get more out of each seed. By delivering improved next-generation products to the farm, farmers are willing to pay a premium for the enhanced products because they offer greater benefits. The enhanced premium repre- sents new value for our business — value that we can return to you as shareowners or invest in additional growth opportunities.
Sharing Success with Our Owners
Our success across our business this year drove improvement in our financial results. This year marked the second consecutive year that our ongoing earnings per share (EPS) grew by more than 25 percent. More importantly, in 2006, we were able to convert our earnings growth to solid free cash flow in excess of one billion dollars. These results enabled our business to return value to our shareowners in two key ways.
First, we announced and began purchases under a four-year, $800 million share repurchase program. Second, we increased our dividend for the fourth time, representing a cumulative increase of 67 percent since we became an independent company in 2002. During the year, we also announced the company’s first two-for-one split of our common stock.
Successful completion and integration of strategic acquisitions are another way we can add value to shareowners, and 2006 marked the first full year of contributions from our Seminis and Stoneville busi- nesses. We also announced our intent to acquire the Delta and Pine Land Company cotton seed business. This acquisition is currently in the review process and also requires approval by Delta and Pine Land shareowners. In my 2007 letter, I’m hopeful that
I will be able to report to you that we successfully completed that transaction.
Laying the Foundation for Continued Growth
Our 2006 fiscal year was another extraordinary year financially, but importantly, it creates a platform for future growth. In many ways, 2006 was a turning point. Our future opportunity literally starts today.
From our vantage point as we begin our 2007 fiscal year, the growth that lies ahead for our business represents a new opportunity for us to extend our leadership in the agriculture industry. Looking out to the end of this decade, we believe our business
will be shaped by six key growth contributors:
our corn business, both in the United States and abroad; our international traits business; our cotton business; our Seminis business; and our research- and-development (R&D) pipeline.
You’ll see that we’ve structured the remainder of our annual report around these six growth elements. By delivering on these contributors, our business has a unique window to not only set the bar higher within the agriculture industry but also to reshape the profitability of our business. This year, we’ll focus on delivering good progress on all six of the growth contributors and we’ll look to continue that progress in the years ahead. I encourage you to measure our success against these factors.
These six contributors are underpinned by the success we have enjoyed in the past year, by our biotech and breeding engines, and, more importantly, by serving farmers and delivering improvements for their farms. While our early focus on innovation has solidified our leadership position today, it does not guarantee participation tomorrow. We’re working hard to deliver a new generation of improvements and innovations to agriculture, and doing so consistently. This is something that farmers recognize firsthand, and it’s something that the competition is striving
to achieve.
By improving the farmer’s efficiency, we earn their business. It’s that simple. Doing this consistently over the coming years, and delivering on these six contrib- utors, will extend our leadership and raise the bar for us, and for all who compete in the ag industry.
Hugh Grant
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Nov. 2, 2006
 