   Cover photo and above: The Kevin DeRocher family farms in western Iowa.
Upper right: Ray Sneed farms in western Tennessee with his family.
SLetter to Shareowners
ome of my most rewarding days are those I spend with our farmer customers. Of course, it’s enjoyable
to meet the people and see the faces we serve,
but it’s more than that. No one knows more
about agriculture. They are both customers
and trusted advisers, and in a year that changed our business forever, they’ve helped us reflect on what agriculture looks like.
There are many faces that shape our industry, and no matter where you are in the world, they all play a part in helping meet
global demand in a sustainable way. The farm family. The salesman. The scientist. The agronomist. And as I look back on 2010 and think about those faces, I realize it’s been an excellent year for agriculture.
A year of challenge and change for our business, no doubt, but an excellent year for agriculture. Farmers around the globe chose next-generation technologies and employed new agronomic practices — and they saw yield
improvements as a result. Our scientists continued to innovate, discovering promising leads to populate our robust pipeline. And the world continued to grow, and with it grew demand, furthering the need for sustainable agriculture.
That’s our vision at Monsanto — to help produce more, conserve more and improve lives. As I think back on this year with that vision in mind, I feel very good about our business.
 Monsanto Company — 2010 Annual Report 1

 Hugh Grant
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
A Year of Great Change
The 2010 fiscal year brought
with it a good deal of change
for our business. We realigned
our company in light of increased competition in the crop protection market. We overhauled our Roundup and other glyphosate- based herbicides business — refining pricing and our market approach in a compressed timeframe — and identified
new opportunities for weed management moving forward.
We are now focused, as a
seeds-and-traits company, with
our crop protection business
serving in its rightful supportive role. Today this evolution is complete, but it has not been easy. We had to make some very difficult decisions along the way, which included resetting our financial goals and adjusting the size of our workforce. We remain optimistic about our near- and long-term prospects, not only for our business, but also within agriculture’s ability to meet the needs of a growing global population. That optimism is built on a solid foundation we set in 2010, the year in which we launched Genuity SmartStax corn on 3 million acres and farmers planted 6 million acres of Genuity Roundup Ready 2 Yield soybeans in the product’s second year in the marketplace.
Our cotton business is strong, and this year we saw an increase in planted U.S. acres.
Our vegetable business continues to grow and create innovative products for consumers like the EverMild onion and Beneforté broccoli.
This year we also saw the world continue to open to biotechnology. We secured approvals for four products in Brazil and six key product imports in the European Union. We also saw approvals for field trials in five countries around the world: corn in Mexico, India, Vietnam and Uganda, and cotton in Pakistan.
These accomplishments lay the foundation for the mid-teens earnings growth we expect going forward.
   
  SERVING OUR CUSTOMERS
Making Friends on the Farm: All in
a Day’s Work for District Sales Manager
Jeremy Ritchey (pictured far left), Channel district sales manager (DSM), takes pride in the hands-on approach to service and quality products he offers customers.
Small sales districts and a direct relationship with farmers set Channel apart from other seed choices farmers can make, and DSMs like Ritchey enjoy those relationships.
“What’s great about my job is
the opportunity to be more of a friend than a salesman. Many times, a trip
to see my customers on their farm means I’ll jump in the tractor and help them out,” Ritchey said.
Having grown up on a farm, Ritchey began his work with Channel for the same reasons customers choose the brand: service and quality.
“Four years ago I decided to work for Channel because I knew I would plant our products on my farm,” Ritchey said. “And now that Channel is a part of Monsanto, we’ve opened up access to even better traits and germplasm.”
Looking Ahead
Creating value for farmers around the world by developing and delivering best-in-class seeds and traits is at the heart of our business. Our customers are clear in what they want from Monsanto. They want us to continue
to invest in research and development (R&D) to help
bring innovative approaches to the farm. They want more top-performing germplasm and trait choices across geographies. They want a broad array of product choices across all crops. And they want us to price our products in a way that encourages trial and adoption.
We’ve taken that feedback and used it to redefine our strategy.
In the United States, our largest market, we continue to
see our broader seeds-and-traits portfolio offer benefits
to farmers. Respecting corn refuge requirements — the
amount of acreage on which farmers are required to plant products without insect protection — is important, but it can also mean a lost yield opportunity for farmers. That’s what makes Monsanto’s reduced- refuge family of products so appealing. Our Genuity VT Triple PRO corn reduces refuge from 50 percent to 20 percent in the Cotton Belt, creating incremental whole-farm yield opportunity for farmers.
 We remain optimistic about our near- and long-term prospects, in our business and within agriculture’s ability to meet the needs of a growing global population.
Monsanto Company — 2010 Annual Report 3
  
 Genuity VT Double PRO corn offers dual modes of action for greater insect control and reduces refuge requirements from 20 percent to
5 percent in the Corn Belt. And
our premier offering, Genuity SmartStax, is our lead product in the largest segment and offers 5 percent refuge in the Corn Belt. We also are working toward approval for Refuge- in-the-Bag, or RIB.
The reality is this unique family of products offers multiple modes of action and has us on track to offer the industry’s first single-bag RIB option, making refuge compliance more convenient for farmers.
Outside of the United States, corn in South America is a key driver for us. We’re poised to increase penetration of first-generation double-stack corn in Argentina, where there’s been an increase in acres as more growers adopt the technology. This will serve as a building block for the technology
 Monsanto’s unique family of refuge- reduction products makes compliance more convenient for U.S. farmers.
   U.S. FARMER
Triple Stacks Deliver for Missouri Farmer
Farmer Bill Knoderer says he could not have been happier with his corn choices for the 2010 growing season. The YieldGard VT Triple and Genuity VT Triple PRO corn Knoderer planted yielded 213 and 220 bushels per acre, respectively, on non-irrigated land. His irrigated Genuity VT Triple PRO corn yielded 240 bushels per acre in a county that averages
170 bushels per acre.
“We got a lot of rain really early, but then it didn’t rain again until August,” Knoderer said. “My seed choices helped me get through a really tough year and come out on top.”
A farmer in southeast Missouri since 1973, Knoderer tried many different brands of corn seed on his 800-acre farm in the past.
“I’ve tried other products, but none of them have measured up to DEKALB,” Knoderer said. “My results are always good and my yields are always consistent.”
4 Monsanto Company — 2010 Annual Report

  progression we’ve already seen in the United States. The same is true for Brazil, where stacked traits will create new opportunities for farmers as
we prepare to introduce our second- generation corn borer technology.
In Argentina, we are in our third season of adoption for our double-stack corn technology and have secured regulatory approvals for our triple-stack offering. In Brazil, our proven YieldGard corn borer technology has been widely adopted by farmers. In soybeans, Brazil’s National Technical Biosafety Committee approved the planting of Bt Roundup Ready 2 Yield soybeans. This is a signifi- cant step toward the commercialization of our first biotechnology trait developed for a non-U.S. market.
In India, we’ve seen strong adoption of our insect-protected cotton technolo- gies — including Bollgard II. This is a significant step as India has become one of the world’s leading adopters of new cotton technologies.
Beyond these commercial benefits,
we continue to see broad global
acceptance and recognition of technology’s
role in meeting our world’s growing needs. We’re pleased to see the value this technology is bringing to 14 million farmers globally, 90 percent of whom are resource-poor farmers in developing countries.
Beyond our current offerings, our R&D pipeline is expected to fuel growth in our seeds-and-traits business. This was a record year for our industry- leading R&D engine as an unprecedented 11 projects advanced to the next phase in the pipeline. Several key products, like drought-tolerant corn and Genuity SmartStax RIB Complete, are now in latter pipeline stages as they move to regulatory approvals.
Monsanto Company — 2010 Annual Report 5
  INTERNATIONAL GROWER
Improved Yields Benefit Indian Farm Family
Nandkishore Raut and his wife, Jyoti, from Bhambraja village, Yavatmal, Maharashtra, have two young sons and a 14-hectare farm where they grow Bollgard II cotton. Besides farming, Nandkishore Raut counsels fellow farmers on seed selection, providing guidance on how to produce higher yields.
Higher yields have increased his income, enabling him to purchase five hectares of land, a more comfortable home and insurance. This has been possible because of higher yields of 4,800 kg per hectare with Bt cotton, compared with 1,400 kg per hectare in 2001 with conventional seeds. Raut’s improved earnings as a result help him provide for his family.
 
  RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT
Researchers Deliver Reduced Refuge for Corn Farmers
With Monsanto’s reduced-refuge family of corn products, an option exists for every farmer’s needs — and that’s especially rewarding to Dusty Post, Monsanto’s global corn technology lead. DEKALB Genuity SmartStax, Genuity VT Triple PRO and Genuity VT Double PRO offer farmers the option of a reduced refuge, the non-Bt seed requirement for insect resistance management.
“Some of the most consistent feedback we hear from our customers is how important refuge requirements are,” Post said. “The family of reduced-refuge products we’ve created helps farmers get more from their acres, which sets our offerings apart.”
The standard refuge requirement
for Bt corn is 20 percent in the Corn Belt and 50 percent in the Cotton Belt. With Genuity SmartStax and Genuity VT Double PRO, refuge requirements are
5 percent in the Corn Belt. In the Cotton Belt, Genuity VT Triple PRO is the only triple-stack product with a reduced- refuge requirement at 20 percent.
“The reduced-refuge family of products offers insect protection for farmers across the country,” Post said. “Farmers have the opportunity to see improved yield stability and value, and that’s what we aim to deliver with our technologies.”
 We’ve made some real changes to our portfolio and business approach, and the positive feedback I’m hearing from our customers tells me we are on the right track. There’s still more to do. We have demonstrated agility in the face of adversity, enhancing our portfolio and offering more product choices at more price points. This year brought its challenges, yet just as leaders do in all sectors, we are quickly evolving our business.
The seed business is a long-term business, and we are investing and running it that way. We’re regaining momentum both in our business and in making agriculture more sustainable around the world. We have the best people and the best tools, and we’re in the best industry in the world.
On behalf of the team, I thank you for your continued support.
We are committed to earning your investment, and that of the farmer, for years to come.
Hugh Grant
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Oct. 27, 2010
 6 Monsanto Company — 2010 Annual Report
 