To Our Shareholders
On behalf of our more than 8,000 employees around the world, let me introduce you to Mosaic and show you why we’re so excited about our business and our future.
Introducing A New Company
When the combination of Cargill Crop Nutrition and IMC Global was completed on October 22, 2004, a new company in the global crop nutrition business was born. With more than $5 billion in pro forma annual sales, a diversified business portfolio, and an established, global distribution network, Mosaic was an industry leader from its inception.
In our first fiscal year, Mosaic earned $165 million, significantly better than the likely results of the two predecessor companies as separate entities. We accomplished this, in part, by generating significant savings from the synergy of combining products, services and operations.
From the very beginning we believed – as we do today – that Mosaic has the right model, the right resources and the right people to advance our already strong market position. Our vision is to become the global leader in nourishing crops, delivering distinctive value to world agriculture and to all we touch.
The Foundation for Mosaic’s Success
For any entity to grow, it has to have strong roots. The strong heritage of Cargill Crop Nutrition and IMC Global provided an important platform from which to launch Mosaic. We continue to benefit from our ongoing relationship with Cargill as a majority shareholder and trusted business partner. We benefited from collaborating with Cargill during our transition from private entity to public company, and we’re benefiting from Cargill’s ongoing involvement as a valued customer and service provider. Mosaic remains in excellent position to leverage this unique relationship.
An objective view of the crop nutrient market – and Mosaic’s place in it – demonstrates why our confidence in achieving our vision is well placed.
First, Mosaic is the world’s largest phosphate producer by a wide margin. Our 12.1 million tonnes of phosphate fertilizer capacity is larger than the next five competitors combined.
In fiscal 2005, we also were the world’s largest miner of potash, producing more than 9.4 million tonnes from six North American mines. In addition, we produce and distribute nitrogen products, making Mosaic a significant global producer and supplier of all three major crop nutrients. Sales of phosphate, potash and nitrogen products have been strong worldwide, and we expect this trend to continue during our first full fiscal year, especially in our Potash segment, where demand, prices and volumes continue to rise.
3

Of additional strategic significance is the distinct competitive advantage Mosaic holds through our Offshore segment, a well-established global produc- tion and distribution network that currently accounts for approximately 28% of our revenues. Through
a series of blending and distribution facilities in 11 countries, we are able to provide unique nutrient solu- tions to local customers around the world. In addition, we have equity interests in phosphate production facilities in Brazil and China. This vertically integrated supply chain enables us to reduce costs and offer convenient and timely delivery to our customers’ warehouses. Further, this system allows us to better understand our customers’ needs and to adapt quickly to changes in global supply and demand.
Some may argue that being in the crop nutrition business isn’t unique or noteworthy. At Mosaic, we believe the way we are in the crop nutrition business – being #1 worldwide in combined phosphate and potash production, focusing on the entire supply chain, owning our own global distribution network and exe- cuting diligently every time – is the right way. When you leverage these unique strengths with more than 100 years of global agribusiness experience like we’re doing at Mosaic, you have a winning business model.
Our Priority: Execution
Our predecessor companies brought a history
of operational excellence to Mosaic, and we are com- mitted to operating with world-class execution and financial discipline across our business segments.
We believe that no other company in our industry can match our broad diversification, global reach
and market expertise, and these strengths position
us to deliver superior returns for our shareholders. Our primary focus in fiscal 2006 will be to generate cash, a significant portion of which we will use to pay down existing debt. To do this, we will continue to harvest cost synergies, which we project will gen- erate $145 million in annual pre-tax run-rate savings by May 2007. In our first seven months, we achieved $62 million. We are reducing mining and processing costs, minimizing use of working capital, and investing to strengthen our competitive position.
Through the teamwork of our phosphate employees, we are managing the huge impact from last year’s three hurricanes and the ongoing heavy rains in Florida. And while this extra effort is expensive, we have improved our phosphate segment earnings considerably.
   4
Inside Mosaic’s Strategy
Mosaic has a four-pronged strategic approach to the global crop nutrient market, which yields long-term com- petitive advantages
> Focus on Execution
to achieve operational excellence across business segments, capture synergies, minimize costs and increase profitability
> Create Enthusiastic Customers
to provide enhanced product and service offerings to our customers, and design unique business solutions and value
  > Leverage our Diversification
to participate in all segments of
the global fertilizer business, deliver
a wide range of products to customers, minimize risk and maximize economies of scale
> Strengthen the Balance Sheet
to improve cash flow, pay down debt, and become investment grade

 A professional team executes well in all it does. We are not at the level of performance that we expect of ourselves yet, but we have made great strides toward our goals already. We started by taking our employee safety performance up dramatically as we worked to integrate two cultures around a common mindset that the safety of our teammates comes before all other operating results. We finished our first seven months as a new company with a pace-setting record for the crop nutrition industry.
Making a Good Start Better –
More Than 8,000 Reasons Why We’ll Succeed
We believe that success begins with engaged employees. Employees who are engaged provide excellent service to customers, they give back to the local communities where they live and where Mosaic does business, and they deliver superior value to
our shareholders.
Our stub year – the day we formed Mosaic last October through our May 31, 2005, fiscal year end – was a period of foundation building and was reflected in our financial results. The numbers demonstrate that we made good progress in our first seven months, but we still have much to do.
We will continue to integrate people, systems, processes, and cultures to create one Mosaic in fiscal 2006. We will focus on generating cash through oper- ational excellence and financial discipline. We also are implementing plans that we expect will lead to substantially improved financial results. We enter fiscal 2006 with great confidence and enthusiasm.
In pursuit of making our vision a reality, I am fortunate to be a member of a team of more than 8,000 of the most talented, committed and effective employees I’ve had the privilege to know in my 39 years in business. I am confident that Mosaic’s best days are ahead of us.
It is for all of these reasons – our model, our leadership, our discipline, our determination, our people – that I believe Mosaic is a company worthy of your continued support and trust.
Sincerely,
F.W. Corrigan
President and Chief Executive Officer
 5
