 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 Strong Industry Fundamentals Global Market Leadership
Asset Leverage Potential
Strong Customer Commitment Focus on Financial Performance Principled Ethics
These reasons are why we see groundbreaking opportunity for Mosaic. World demand and Mosaic’s supply capabilities could not be converging at a more opportune time. Prices farmers are receiving for grains and oilseeds are at recent historic highs. For the first time in a decade, U.S. corn prices are in the range of $3 to $4 per bushel. Not since the 1940s have more than 90 million acres of corn been planted in the United States – until this year. Although farmers around the globe harvested the third largest crop
of grains and oilseeds on record in 2006, it was still not enough to meet growing world consumption. (continued)
James T. Prokopanko
President and Chief Executive Officer
 10

  “The implications of increasing demand for grains, oilseeds and other crops are compelling for our business. Both current and futures prices have soared for increasingly tight stocks
of corn, oilseeds and wheat. History shows that as crop prices increase, farmers apply more fertilizer in order to increase their yield per acre and improve their economic returns.”
At Mosaic, we describe what is happen- ing as an agricultural renaissance – one based on supply and demand economics. Indeed, these are the strongest fundamentals I’ve seen in my nearly 30 years in the agriculture industry. Our business has always been about helping farmers prosper and grow enough grain, oilseeds and other crops to meet the demand for food, feed and fiber. Now fuel is an important part of that mix.
The world’s population is continuing to expand at approximately 1.2% annu- ally. This means there are an additional 77 million people every year – mostly in the developing regions of Asia, Africa and Latin America – who need food. Improving personal incomes are allow- ing people in these regions to supplement their diets with better, more protein-rich food, which drives demand for more grain to feed animals.
These dynamics create a positive environment for agriculture. Now, enter biofuels and positive becomes extra- ordinary. Sustained high energy prices have ignited the biofuels industry in virtually every energy-deficient or grain- surplus country in the world. Consider the United States where ethanol capacity is forecast to increase by as much as one- third during 2007 with an estimated 2.2 billion bushels of corn, or 18% of the projected 2007 crop, being used for ethanol production. By 2015, forecasts show 39% of corn production in the
United States will be consumed by biofuels. Moreover, these growing end- use trends are not limited to the United States. Brazil is already the world’s leading producer of ethanol, made from sugarcane instead of corn, with about one-half of its 30 million cars expected to be flex-fuel capable by 2013.
The implications of increasing demand for grains, oilseeds and other crops
are compelling for our business. Both current and futures prices have soared for increasingly tight stocks of corn, oilseeds and wheat. History shows that as crop prices increase, farmers apply more fertilizer in order to increase their yield per acre and improve their economic returns. Additionally, more arable acres of land that need to be fertilized are brought into production. In both cases, Mosaic is well positioned to serve the farmers’ increased need for crop nutrients.
Right Time, Right Place
It has been nearly three years since the combination that created Mosaic. During this time, we’ve focused on integration issues and experienced our share of challenges. This post-merger phase of our transformation is now largely behind us with the Mosaic team successfully building a stable and solid foundation for growth as one of the largest crop nutrient companies in the world.
Though sales demand in fiscal 2007 started off slow, grain prices escalated
  11

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (continued)
dramatically beginning in the fall of 2006. As is common in our industry, we forward sell our fertilizer products several months in advance and, as a consequence, the corresponding fertilizer price increases did not materially impact our income until the fourth quarter. However, it was worth the wait. With a strong second- half performance, fiscal 2007 operating income rose to $616 million compared to just $102 million in 2006. Equally as impressive, cash from operations reached $707.9 million, up almost half a billion dollars from $294.4 million, over the 12-month period.
With accelerating fertilizer demand underpinned by strong agriculture fundamentals – now is the time for performance. We started fiscal 2008 with tremendous momentum. We expect the market balance for both potash and phosphates to remain tight and pricing to remain strong. As a result, the inherent asset leverage within our operations should drive further growth in profits and cash flow.
Recent Achievements, Future Opportunity
This market momentum, combined with numerous operational and organiza- tional changes undertaken in the past 12 months, has given Mosaic a strong competitive position going forward. These changes began with our May 2006 shutdown of operations at one mine and two concentrate plants in Florida. We followed this with an organizational
redesign in which a number of talented Mosaic leaders assumed significant new senior leadership roles within the Company. Our team is in place and already taking the steps necessary
for Mosaic to achieve a new level of operational and financial performance.
The major expansion of our Esterhazy potash mine was one such step and a significant strategic accomplishment. This expansion provides us with 1.1 mil- lion tonnes of additional capacity at
a capital cost of just $38 million. The fact that this expansion exceeded our initial output targets, was completed on time, and was accomplished while we were mitigating a saturated brine inflow, underscores the excellence of Mosaic’s operating units.
Our management team also has made serving our customers and building strong customer relationships one of
our highest priorities. Whether the customer is a large regional distributor, a local community cooperative, a local retailer, or an individual farmer in South America – our goal is simple: to be that customer’s most reliable, consistent and valued supplier of crop nutrients. We have the right team with the right plan to serve our customers and we
are now demonstrating solid progress toward this goal. Our “plan-promise- deliver” commitment to customers is transforming our sales process into a more collaborative relationship as we work with customers to better forecast,
      12
 
 coordinate and meet their needs. When demand is strong, customers need to be confident they will get the right nutrients at the right location at the right time. An increase in our share of North American sales demonstrates our customers’ positive reception.
Fiscal 2007 was also a very productive year for completing the remaining major milestones of our corporate integration. The completion of our new enterprise resource planning system consolidated our North American operations into one common information technology platform. Though this implementation has been demanding, it is a necessary and final component of the integration process. We are confident this new system will allow us to reduce costs and improve our internal control processes in fiscal 2008 and beyond.
Cash generation to reduce debt has been a major priority from day one for Mosaic. Cash flow was strong in fiscal 2007, allowing us to repay $280 million of long-term debt, and,
in June, we repaid an additional $176 million. These repayments
were facilitated by a $2 billion refinancing that will reduce our
cash interest payments by as much as $30 million per year. These were significant milestones in our effort to strengthen our balance sheet and move toward investment-grade status.
Finally, we began a long-term strategic planning process that will establish the road map to guide the growth of our Company and create greater value for our shareholders.
Expectations and Standards
As Mosaic enters its third full fiscal year of operation, this is what you should expect of us. First, we will continue to build a winning team of highly engaged employees that are determined to perform as a world-class competitive organization. Second, we will work to strengthen our customer relationships as we build a company that will be distinguished for its connec- tion with customers. Third, we will focus on operational excellence in
both the functional and operational processes of the enterprise. Operational excellence is essential to reducing our costs and ensuring that necessary controls and processes are in place to achieve our financial objectives. The outcome will be engaged employees, satisfied customers, superior earnings and generation of cash that will be used to build a solid balance sheet.
A strong and secure balance sheet is
a necessary foundation for Mosaic to move on to our next phase of growing the Company and creating additional value for our shareholders.
While we are pleased to report financial and operational successes, we
are proud to report that these financial achievements were accomplished in
a manner that puts the safety of our employees first, respects the natural environment and supports the com- munities in which we operate and reside. We are also proud that our business serves a meaningful and noble purpose – namely, helping to improve diets and nourish the world. True success to us means conducting ourselves and our business in a way that is as noble as this cause. For all
of these efforts – for what is accom- plished and how it is accomplished – I extend my personal gratitude to my Mosaic colleagues.
Mosaic is fortunate to have a talented and determined leadership team and dedicated employees around the world that are pursuing a focused plan of execution in an extraordinary industry environment. With these strengths, we have every intention of realizing the groundbreaking opportunities before us.
Sincerely,
James T. Prokopanko
President and Chief Executive Officer
August, 2007
    13
 