 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
It starts with our mission.
Over the 30 years of my career in agriculture, the visibility and appreciation for Mosaic‘s mission has increased dramatically. Agriculture is entering a new green revolution, emerging as one of the global economy’s most critical business sectors, and for good reason. The world’s farmers and the organizations that support them face the challenge of securing the world’s food supply, producing enough food to satisfy the needs of a global population that is steadily growing in size — and prosperity — year after year.
James T. Prokopanko
President and
Chief Executive Officer
  The Mosaic Company’s
>
 ”

                        90 95 00 05 10 15F 20F CALENDAR YEAR
World Population
IN BILLIONS
Source: IHS Global Insight and Mosaic
90 95 00 05 10 15F 20F CALENDAR YEAR
World Grain and Oilseed Use BILLION TONNES
Source: USDA and Mosaic
90 95 00 05 10 15F 20F CALENDAR YEAR
Global Nutrient Use MILLION TONNES
Source: IFA, Fertecon and Mosaic
  mission is to help the world grow the food it needs.” Food security is a defining issue of our time. the trust of our customers is also crucial to $600 million in these projects. This multi-year
Global efforts to address this issue, including better seed genetics, crop-protection technology, irrigation and agronomic practices carry tremendous potential — and proper crop nutrition is essential to maximize the benefits of these advancements. To generate the new levels of abundance required to feed the world, we must ensure that every cultivated acre of land is properly fertilized. As
the largest combined producer of potash and phosphate, Mosaic is a crucial part of solving the global food security question.
It starts with The Mosaic Company. We are
the only company delivering two essential crop nutrients — potash and phosphate — on a massive, global scale. Mosaic’s success starts with a commitment to safety and sustainability, a clear vision for the future, unparalleled global strength and operational excellence. Earning
ensuring a strong future. Today, Mosaic is exceptionally well positioned to capitalize on the opportunities ahead.
A Year of Resounding Success
Mosaic’s performance in fiscal 2011clearly demonstrated a company-wide commitment to success. As the overall market recovery was taking hold, we entered the year with ambitious goals and high expectations — and completed the year with great integrity and a resounding sense of accomplishment. This past year we were awarded the Minnesota Business Ethics Award, recognizing Mosaic for the principled and ethical culture
we’ve built.
Continued investment in expanding potash production capacity is fundamental to our future. In fiscal 2011 alone, we invested an additional
effort will expand Mosaic’s annual proven peaking production capacity from over 10 million tonnes today to more than 16 million tonnes by 2021, including the reversion of tolling agreement capacity. During the year, we made considerable progress on expansions at our Belle Plaine, Colonsay and Esterhazy potash production facilities.
In Mosaic’s Phosphates business, fiscal 2011
was marked by a relentless focus on operational excellence, important strategic achievements,
and record earnings and margins. We have enhanced operating margins through disciplined operational improvements in spite of significantly lowered production at one of our lorida mines. Phosphates is a stronger business — both structurally and operationally — than it was a few years ago, and financial results support this. During the year, we closed on the sale of an investment
THE MOSAIC COMPANY 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 3
1.9 2.0
138 130
137 155
5.3 5.7
2.2 2.4
172
6.1 6.5
2.6
6.9
2.8 3.1
189 207
7.3 7.7

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
                06 07 08 09 10 11 FISCAL YEAR
Sales and Gross Margin Percentage
Sales ($ in Billions) Gross Margin %
06 07 08 09 10 11 FISCAL YEAR
Cumulative Total Shareholder Return PERCENT
MOS S&P 500
“Our financial performance during fiscal 2011 reflected both outstanding market fundamentals and strong execution, which combined to drive exceptional top- and bottom-line performance.”
      in Fosfertil and our operations in Cubatão, Brazil. The sale of these interests and assets helped
us fund another strategic initiative — acquiring
an additional source of phosphate rock through an investment in the Miski Mayo mine in Peru. Investment in this mine bolsters Mosaic’s position as the leading integrated phosphate producer in the world. Rock shipments from this world-class phosphate mine have already begun, and the mine offers significant expansion potential in the years ahead.
Mosaic is also committed to the development and refinement of premium products, and fiscal 2011 was a breakout year for us in this category. We have built a global leadership position in next- generation crop nutrients, and the growth rate in this category is remarkable. In fiscal 2011, sales
of MicroEssentials®, a phosphate product that contains essential micronutrients such as sulfur and zinc, jumped to over one million tonnes,
an increase of 54 percent over the prior year. The sales growth rate for MicroEssentials validates our continued investments in production capabilities, product innovation and the global testing platform we’ve established to help ensure these crop nutrient formulations are effective around the globe.
A New Horizon
Few developments in fiscal 2011 were as significant as the steps we took to become a fully independent public company. Mosaic and its largest shareholder, Cargill, Incorporated, agreed to an orderly distribution of Cargill’s 64 percent ownership stake in Mosaic. This transaction was a pivotal event for Mosaic, and the result of over three years of effort. The remaining restricted shares are expected to come to market over the next four and a half years in a program carefully designed to minimize market impact.
The transaction provides several benefits for Mosaic and our shareholders. Notably, this transaction increases flexibility to put our exceptional balance sheet to work, invest for growth and be more opportunistic as we position the company for long-term success. The transaction also increases the public float of Mosaic’s common stock, improving liquidity and providing the opportunity for a wider range of investors to participate in Mosaic’s future. Just as important, this transaction accomplishes these goals without any dilution to earnings per share, or any material impact on our balance sheet and operations.
2011 Financial Performance
Mosaic’s financial performance during fiscal 2011 reflected both outstanding market fundamentals and strong execution, which combined to drive exceptional top- and bottom-line performance. Mosaic produced strong results for operating cash
4 THE MOSAIC COMPANY 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
12
16
5.3 5.8
0
23 126 15
-23
-7
18
705
27 25
6.8
253 206
32
9.8 10.3
31
9.9
371

flow and gross margin, which increased 79 percent and 84 percent, respectively.
Net sales totaled $9.9 billion compared to
$6.8 billion in fiscal 2010, primarily due to an improvement in sales volumes and higher
selling prices, resulting from strong agricultural fundamentals and industry demand. We are well positioned to thrive as demand continues to grow.
Much of our vision for tomorrow hinges on a solid financial foundation. We start fiscal 2012 financially strong, with a superior balance sheet and cash position of $3.9 billion, additional debt capacity, as well as excellent cash flow prospects. This gives us tremendous flexibility for funding our potash expansion program and other strategic priorities, taking advantage of new opportunities as they arise and returning cash to shareholders.
Giving Back at Record Levels
One of the most gratifying aspects of leading Mosaic is the opportunity to give back to the communities where we work and live. From supporting flood-ravaged regions in Brazil, to contributing to relief efforts in earthquake- and tsunami-stricken Japan, to supporting emergency rescue services and children’s hospital care in Saskatchewan, we challenged ourselves in fiscal 2011 to increase community support — and we achieved our goal. We set a company record in corporate giving, and our employees donated more volunteer hours than ever before.
We were again privileged to be acknowledged for our social responsibility. For the second year in a row, Corporate Responsibility Magazine recognized Mosaic on its 100 Best Corporate Citizens List. This annual award is given to the world’s top corporate responsibility programs. Mosaic is the only company among its peers to receive this award, and it’s an honor to be recognized along with so many of the world’s top companies.
Ahead to Fiscal 2012
Mosaic will continue to benefit from a very promising long-term outlook for crop nutrient markets. Farmers will need to plant a record amount of acreage and generate ever-improving
crop yields to meet projected global demand for agricultural commodities over the next decade. Near-term, grain and oilseed inventories continue to remain low relative to demand, signifying continued strong farmer economics and crop nutrient demand.
Rising incomes among a burgeoning middle
class in growth regions around the world are accelerating the demand for higher-protein
diets — more meat and dairy — and the grain inputs required to produce them. Nearly all of
the increase in global grain and oilseed use over the past 20 years is attributable to the combined factors of global population growth and increasing per capita income levels. These dynamics make Mosaic’s products and agricultural expertise increasingly crucial, and we are well positioned for continued growth and success in the years ahead.
The opportunity for Mosaic is clear and compelling, and so is our approach to capitalizing on it. Below is a list of our key initiatives for fiscal 2012:
• We will continue to drive our Potash expansion efforts. We have targeted almost $900 million in planned capital spending for Potash expansions in 2012. We expect approximately 6.2 million additional tonnes to come on line by the end
of 2021, including reversion of the tolling agreement. Through these investments, we expect to maintain our top three ranking in global potash production.
• We will continue to drive operational efficiencies across and deeper into our organization, enhancing cash flow and maximizing our competitiveness. Our position as a low-cost producer of phosphate is indisputable, and
we are committed to maintaining our leadership position.
• We are investing in a number of initiatives to improve performance in workplace safety, employee engagement, and customer satisfaction and loyalty, metrics we use to gauge our operational performance.
• We are investing to maintain our leadership in premium products, a position that we’ve established over years of development and
testing and a clear differentiator for Mosaic. We plan to expand our production capacity of MicroEssentials® by 59 percent in fiscal 2012 while at the same time continuing to invest in research and development for the next generation of premium products.
• We will continue to act on our commitment
to sustainability and community stewardship. We recognize the responsibility we have to make a positive impact on the world around us. Our commitment is evident every day through our community investments, land reclamation efforts, water and energy-use management, and numerous other initiatives.
Mosaic’s mission is to help the world grow the food it needs, and it guides everything we do. Accomplishing it starts with the contributions of each Mosaic employee. I am proud to be part of an organization that is driven by 7,700 talented and devoted employees, and I thank them for their efforts and dedication. I also extend my gratitude to our customers, partners, Board of Directors and, of course, our valued shareholders as we begin our future as a fully independent public company. I firmly believe that today we are successfully building the foundation for sustained long-term shareholder value creation.
Together, our success starts here.
James T. Prokopanko
President and Chief Executive Officer August 2011
For the second consecutive year, Mosaic has been recognized in the Corporate Responsibility Magazine annual
100 Best Corporate Citizens List. Mosaic received its ranking due
in part to its conservation and environmental stewardship as well as its financial and governance transparency.
                    THE MOSAIC COMPANY 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 5
