MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION | 2016 ANNUAL REPORT

From the Chairman, President and CEO
Fellow shareholders, Marathon Petroleum Corporation delivered strong operational and financial performance for our shareholders in 2016, a year that marked our fifth year as a stand-alone company and our first year incorporating the MarkWest business in our operations. We also announced plans for strategic actions to enhance shareholder value in 2017. Our earnings in 2016 were $1.17 billion, or $2.21 per diluted share, a solid result despite a challenging commodity price and margin environment. In the first full year following the strategic combination of our midstream master limited partnership, MPLX LP, with MarkWest, we are encouraged by the robust portfolio of growth opportunities that will continue to contribute to longterm value for our investors. Speedway continues to excel, turning in another exceptional year, setting multiple records while maintaining tight control on expenses. We expect to continue driving marketingenhancement opportunities across the network as we build new stores, remodel stores and rebuild existing locations in the retail segment's core markets. Throughout our Refining and Marketing system, we continue to execute projects that focus on technical excellence and improving our performance, including the implementation of high-return staged investments in the South Texas Asset Repositioning (STAR) program through 2021. The program is designed to enhance profitability and reliability while creating the second-largest refining complex in the United States through the integration of our Galveston Bay and Texas City refineries. Additionally, we have announced strategic actions to enhance our shareholders' value. MPC is significantly accelerating plans to dropdown to MPLX assets with approximately $1.4 billion of annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) expected in 2017, including $250 million in the first quarter. In conjunction with the completion of the dropdowns, we intend to exchange MPC's economic interests in the MPLX general partner, including incentive distribution rights, for newly issued MPLX common (LP) units. These transactions are subject to requisite approvals, market and other conditions, including tax and other regulatory clearances. Additionally, a special committee of the Board has been formed and has selected an independent financial advisor to
(Continued on Page 2)

$13. 1 28% BILLION
CUMULATIVE NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO MPC SINCE SPINOFF

COMPOUND ANNUAL GROWTH RATE IN BASE DIVIDEND SINCE SPINOFF

MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION | 2016 ANNUAL REPORT

TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN SINCE SPINOFF
Since becoming an independent company July 1, 2011, to year-end 2016
179% 159% 113% 91%

MPC
(1) 

Peer Re ning Group(1) Peers(2)

S&P 500

Peer Group represents average TSR of BP, Chevron, ExxonMobil, HollyFrontier, Phillips 66, Royal Dutch Shell, Tesoro and Valero (2)  Refining Peers represents average TSR of HollyFrontier, PBF Energy, Phillips 66, Tesoro and Valero

assist in the full and thorough review of Speedway to ensure optimum value is delivered to shareholders over the long term. We expect to provide an update on the review by mid-2017. Cash proceeds from the dropdowns and ongoing LP distributions are expected to fund the substantial ongoing return of capital to MPC shareholders in a manner consistent with maintaining an investment-grade credit profile. Our experienced board and knowledgeable leadership team are executing this strategic plan to unlock the tremendous value in our best-in-class midstream platform for the benefit of all investors. MPC has a track record of success and continues to deliver strong returns for our investors. With strengthening commodity prices, recovering refinery spreads and our aggressive plans to enhance investor value, we remain well-positioned across the business to create and deliver long-term value for our shareholders. We thank you for investing in MPC, for sharing in our vision, and for contributing to our success. Sincerely,

Gary R. Heminger Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

2

A MarkWest Energy Partners, L.P. facility in Houston, Pennsylvania

