Dear MRC Global Shareholders,
In the face of one of the most difficult operating environments our industry has ever seen, I am proud to report that MRC Global performed well in 2015 and emerged from the year in solid position. In spite of a large 2015 non-cash goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge, which resulted in an overall net loss for the year, we achieved revenues of $4.5 billion, adjusted gross profit of $813 million and $235 million in adjusted EBITDA. While MRC Global led its competition in financial performance, our revenue naturally was affected by market conditions, and we are down from last year's record highs. Of course, we have no control over market conditions. So in 2015 we focused on the things we can control. We streamlined operations and reduced costs, added market share by winning new customers, solidified and expanded our relationships with current customers and strengthened our balance sheet.

11

Solid.
Streamlining our business

We knew from the beginning that 2015 was going to be a challenging year, and we

were proactive in our planning. We have executed that plan, and through our efforts

MRC Global stands as a stronger company today. We remained steadfast in our

commitment to the strategic initiatives we put in motion years ago. Regardless of shareholders over the long term with growth and success.

prevailing conditions, we believe that this focus will reward our company and our

As the largest pipe, valve and fitting products distributor, MRC Global has built-in stabilizing advantages during a downturn. Still, we took the necessary steps in 2015 to keep our company on solid footing and operate from a position of strength. To control operating costs, we reduced our headcount by 19% from our peak. We restructured our U.S. operations from four regions to three. We also simplified the management organization for our international business, bringing it under one senior vice president. We closed 36 branches and consolidated their operations. I want to emphasize that this action does not mean we exited markets. We continue to serve all key regions where our customers operate, only now with a more streamlined network, sized to fit the current market conditions, and we will continue to evaluate the market and make adjustments, as needed. Our ability to do this is strong testimony to how well our hub-and-spoke distribution model works, allowing us to readily add and subtract branches being supported by our regional distribution centers (RDCs) to serve our customers. This is one example of how our company is flexibly organized, which gives us the agility to take necessary actions without disrupting our business. Another example is inventory control. In 2015, we reduced our working capital by 36% primarily by reducing our investment in inventory. We slowed our purchasing activities and worked off our current inventories, bringing them down to appropriate levels to serve our customers and meet our commitments throughout the year. Plus, we were particularly aggressive in moving stock items that are more sensitive to market price instability. Finally, we recently sold our U.S. Oil Country Tubular Goods (OCTG) business, thus exiting this extremely volatile low margin product offering. This business is directly tied to U.S. drilling activity, and the sale will improve our average product margins and reduce the volatility of our cash flow.

12

Taking care of customers
Even in a down market, we have always believed that growth is possible. The first place we focus is on the great customers MRC Global already has. In 2015, we worked hard to renew contracts, expand scope on current work and secure new contracts from our existing customers. We also worked to gain market share by picking up new customers and displacing our competition. When companies aggressively compete for new business during a downturn, margins can be squeezed. We were vigilant in protecting our profitability. We worked closely with our suppliers and customers on matters of scope, volume and pricing to find mutually advantageous arrangements, which allowed us to maintain gross margin stability. Some of our notable 2015 wins include five-year contract extensions with Phillips 66 and Marathon Oil, two of our largest customers. The Phillips 66 contract added the company's European facilities to our scope, positioning MRC Global for ongoing activity in the region. We renewed an agreement with our largest customer in Canada. We won our largest ever pipe, fitting and flanges contract in Norway with Statoil. We migrated our relationship with SABIC into new geographies with a contract extension that now includes all 22 of the company's petrochemical facilities in Saudi Arabia. We gained market share in the Gulf of Mexico with a new line pipe award from Chevron. MRC Global also secured new integrated supply agreements with California Resources Corporation, Peoples Gas in Florida, and New Mexico Gas. Contract extensions and new awards such as these are central to our organic growth strategy in all business environments. For 2015 these accomplishments were particularly salient. In an atmosphere of pulling back, we have moved ahead, building our relationships and being the company operators rely on to come through in hard times. We know that building strength now puts us in a leading position to seize opportunities when the business environment improves.

Prudent use of cash
Coming off several years of acquisitions, we made the decision not to pursue any new acquisitions in 2015. Instead we used the cash generated from operations along with working capital reductions to pay down our debt. Another debt-reducing event for 2015 was our June issuance of $363 million in preferred stock. We started 2015 with $1.454 billion in debt and ended the year with $524 million. Plus, this remaining debt is very flexible and manageable, with terms and maturity schedules favorable to our business.

Experienced.

13

Resilient.
Collectively, our financial tactics have further strengthened our balance sheet and put us in position to reward our shareholders with common stock repurchases. In November, our board of directors approved $100 million in share buybacks over the next two years, and we initiated the program in the fourth quarter with repurchases of $11.5 million. While 2015 was quiet on the M&A front, growth through acquisitions is still a major pillar of our strategy. Going forward, we will continue to evaluate opportunities around the world and appropriately pursue the best of them. MRC Global did, however, make other strategic investments in 2015. We opened a new RDC in Rotterdam, the Netherlands, to support and expand our business in Central Europe. We opened a new RDC outside of Pittsburgh to service the Marcellus and Utica regions. We significantly expanded our Odessa RDC in the Permian Basin shale region. We also began implementation of a new ERP business management system in Asia Pacific, scheduled to go live in 2016. This is part of our goal to run all of our international business on one system to optimize efficiencies.

The view ahead
As we look into 2016, uncertainty still prevails. We face this uncertainty confident in the health of our company. We believe the hard decisions and good work we put in last year has placed MRC Global in a position of stability and strength. Our debt has been dramatically reduced, we have raised new capital, we have shored up our balance sheet ­ all actions that give us flexibility in how we deploy our resources in 2016 and beyond. If we see good opportunities for share repurchases, if we see an advantageous strategic acquisition opportunity, if business improves and we need to invest in more inventory ­ or if we just need to hold steady for another year, we are in a position to do what is necessary. We will be able to positively handle whatever conditions may come. MRC Global has been in business for 95 years. We have worked our way through market cycles multiple times, and we know a recovery is inevitable. Whether that recovery is soon or farther down the road, MRC Global has laid the groundwork to take advantage and to advance its position as the industry leader. As I said in my introduction, we will focus on the things we can control, so we are best prepared to deal with those things we can't.

14

In closing
In 2015, there were three changes to our board of directors. After several years of service to MRC Global, Peter Boylan decided not to stand for reelection to focus on his role as Co-Founder, Chairman, President and CEO of Cypress Energy. We thank him and wish him well. Our board also welcomed two additions. Barbara Duganier joins us, bringing with her many years of energy-industry experience. Barbara also serves as Director at Buckeye Petroleum, a midstream company, and she has held management positions at Accenture and Arthur Andersen. Robert Wood also joins us, bringing three decades of experience in the downstream chemical industry where he held several positions at Dow, most recently business group President of Thermosets and Dow Automotive Group. Robert is also Director at Praxair, the largest industrial gas distribution company in North and South America, and the Jarden Corporation, a global consumer products company with more than 120 leading brands. I am proud to have Barbara and Robert serving on our board. In closing, I would like to acknowledge the outstanding people who make up the MRC Global family. No doubt this was a difficult year, and we thank you for your patience, sacrifices and hard work. I also thank our suppliers for their service and our customers for trusting their MRO and projects to our care. Finally, I thank our shareholders for their continued support and loyalty to MRC Global.

Sincerely,

Andrew R. Lane

Chairman, President and CEO

Thank you to Gary Ittner
The end of 2015 marked the retirement of Gary Ittner, an important member of the MRC Global family, who served our company with great distinction for 44 years. Gary began his MRC Global journey in branch operations, working his way through the organization. In recent years he led our supply chain management group. All of our greatest accomplishments have come through group effort, yet we are very fortunate to have benefited from Gary's individual contributions. He has dedicated his entire career to MRC Global. He has been a steadying influence, a tireless teammate, a great colleague and a true friend. We wish him the best in a much-deserved retirement.

15

