Dear MRC Global Shareholders
The world is experiencing an energy revival.
Worldwide energy demand is expected to
rise in 2014 to fuel global economic growth.
As a result of that demand, Barclays forecasts
global E&P spending to increase 6% in
2014 to $723 billion. As our customers
grow, they must engage in an increasingly
complex and technical global supply chain
to get the products that are critical to their
operations on a daily basis. More and more,
the energy industry is looking to simplify
their supply chain by utilizing one global
distributor. No one performs this vital role
better than MRC Global.
Worldwide Potential
In North America, the energy renaissance
is being driven by activity in the shale
plays and Canadian oil sands. Upstream
activity is on the rise, especially in the
Permian Basin, which is driving the build-
out of infrastructure. New pipelines are
being built every day to transport the
abundant resources to market. In addition
to these new infrastructure demands, aging
pipelines are being repaired or replaced due
to recent legislation. Approximately 63% of
current U.S. pipelines fall into this category.
These pipeline replacement and repair
initiatives have resulted in growth in
one of our highest margin product lines,
automated valves, as customers opt to
upgrade to the safer flow control capabilities
that this product provides.
The resurgence of upstream and midstream
activity is, in turn, creating a renewal of
downstream activity as chemical and
petrochemical companies expand in
the U.S., taking advantage of the lower
feedstock prices. We are well positioned
to support our customers in this sector
with the pipe, valves, fittings, flanges
and specialty products they need to grow
their businesses.
Internationally, our customers are searching
for new ways to meet the rise in global
energy demand. Much of the increase
in spending will be on large, multi-year
billion dollar projects in some of the most
challenging and complex environments in
the world.
These trends demonstrate that even though
we are currently the leader in our industry,
the potential for growth in North America
and around the world is significant.
Successful Execution of a Strategic Plan
In 2013, our company was driven by a
commitment to grow with our current
customers while maintaining our strong
financial position. By executing our
strategic plan, we have positioned MRC
Global to continue to be the Global
Supplier of Choice
to the markets we serve
and deliver solid financial results.
We committed to rebalance our inventory
to focus on higher margin items, an
initiative we completed this year.
We committed to focus on signing broad,
global and regional contracts with some
of our largest customers. We announced
such agreements with Celanese, NiSource,
Williams, Chevron Phillips Chemical,
Chevron and BP.
We committed to maintain our financial
flexibility, which we did by generating
strong cash flow to pay down our debt.
Finally, we committed to grow our
footprint and product lines in key energy
regions around the world to be near our
customers’ most active operations. In July,
we added Flow Control products to our
existing footprint in the Permian Basin in
the U.S. The Permian Basin is one of the
most active shale regions in North America
and this acquisition, when coupled with the
2012 acquisition of Production Specialty
Services and the organic expansion of our
Odessa, TX regional distribution center,
gives us an unrivaled value proposition to
our customers in the area.
At the end of 2013 and beginning of
2014, we completed two key international
acquisitions - Flangefitt Stainless Limited
in the UK and Stream AS in Norway. The
acquisition of Stream AS provides MRC
Global a platform for growth in offshore
applications where our major customers
have been active. The acquisition of
Flangefitt’s pipe, fitting and flange (PFF)
business complements our existing U.K.
based, MRC Transmark valve business as
well as the Stream Energy Piping business.
We now have the full range of pipe, valves
and fittings to serve both the Norwegian
Continental Shelf and the U.K. Continental
Shelf sectors as well as global projects with
high-end alloy PFF requirements. Because
of these two acquisitions, we expect our
international segment revenues to increase
by 60% and exceed $900 million in 2014.
2013 also brought several key changes to
our corporate structure. We completed our
transition to a fully public company and saw
our two private equity directors, Jack Daly
and Chris Crampton, resign as required
by their firm’s policy. Jack and Chris have
been outstanding board members, whose
insight, counsel and support will be missed.
In addition, two of our executive leaders,
Jim Underhill and Neil Wagstaff, retired.
I would like to thank them both for their
years of dedicated service to MRC Global
and wish them well in their retirement.
The Road Ahead
In 2014, we will continue to implement
our strategic plan. We will continue
to pursue broad, global contracts, seek
out international acquisitions to support
our customers where they need us most
and maintain a strong balance sheet.
With Stream, we will also begin to make
the transition to include more offshore
capabilities in our overall business mix.
In 2014, we will continue to operate
our business with integrity and a focus
on delivering superior returns to our
shareholders. By honoring the values of our
founders and following our strategic plan,
we will continue to position MRC Global
to create lasting value for our shareholders,
customers and employees for years to come.
Thank you for investing in MRC Global.
Best Regards,
Andrew R. Lane
Chairman, President & CEO