                                             Kenneth C. Frazier
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
It is my pleasure to invite you to the 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Merck & Co., Inc. (“Merck”), which will be held onTuesday, May 26, 2015, at 9:00 a.m., at the Bridgewater Marriott, located at 700 Commons Way, Bridgewater, New Jersey 08807. The attached Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and proxy statement will serve as your guide to the business to be conducted and provide details regarding admission to the meeting.
In 2014 we made important progress in advancing our global initiative to transform the way Merck operates in recognition of the evolution underway in healthcare markets around the world. We’ve sharpened our commercial and R&D focus, redesigned our operating model and reduced our cost base. In addition, we accelerated our business development activity, drawing on the best assets and science external to Merck, and our recent acquisitions of Idenix, Cubist and Oncoethix are proof points. Further, the sale of our Consumer Care business to Bayer resulted from a rigorous portfolio review and generated capital to fund acquisitions like these and to return cash to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchases.
We continue to firmly believe that the best way to create intrinsic, long-term value for society and our shareholders is through the discovery and development of transformational medicines and vaccines. Our success and our future will be predicated on what has long defined Merck: innovating at the intersection of scientific opportunity and global unmet medical need. We intend to stay at the forefront of biopharmaceutical science and remain steadfastly committed to making real and meaningful differences in the lives of patients and delivering value for our customers and shareholders.
Through our pipeline and commercial portfolio, Merck is focused on many of the most urgent global health challenges facing humankind, and we are poised to play a leading role in addressing them. We now have more than 10 Phase 3 programs targeting many of the world’s most urgent public health issues, and Merck scientists are heavily engaged in the most innovative areas in biomedical research today:
The top area is immuno-oncology, which is using the body’s own immune system to fight cancer. Merck’s KEYTRUDA, the first anti-PD-1 treatment approved in the U.S. for advanced melanoma, is now being studied in over 30 cancers in more than 20 combination settings.
We are also concentrating on the major global health challenges of Hepatitis C, cardio-metabolic disease, resistant microbial infection and Alzheimer’s disease.
Further, we entered into an exclusive worldwide license agreement with NewLink Genetics to research, develop, manufacture and distribute its investigational Ebola vaccine candidate.
Merck & Co., Inc.
2000 Galloping Hill Road Kenilworth, NJ 07033 U.S.A.
 April 13, 2015
Dear Shareholders:
 2015 Proxy Statement 3

                In addition, we continue to address some of the most critical areas of growing and unmet medical need:
Diabetes is a growing global epidemic with over 100 million patients. Merck maintains a leadership position with the JANUVIA franchise, which continues to be an important treatment option for type 2 diabetes patients.
Vaccines have provided numerous innovations to improve global health. As just one example, our GARDASIL 9 vaccine, recently approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, improves the coverage against cancer-causing human papillomavirus (HPV) to nearly 90 percent.
In summary, in 2014 Merck colleagues worked with passion and diligence to help ensure we can continue delivering on our mission to save and improve lives around the world for years to come. Going forward, we will continue to focus our resources on those internal and external opportunities that can generate the greatest benefit to patients, customers and shareholders.
We hope that you will participate in the Annual Meeting, either by attending and voting in person or by voting through other acceptable means as described in this proxy statement as promptly as possible. Merck began mailing its Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy statement and the 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and proxy card/voting instruction form to shareholders and to employee benefit and stock purchase plans participants on April 13, 2015. Your vote is important. We urge you to exercise your right to do so.
Sincerely,
 4 2015 Proxy Statement
