                                             Kenneth C. Frazier
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
It is my pleasure to invite you to the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Merck & Co., Inc. (“Merck”, known as “MSD” outside the United States and Canada), which will be held onTuesday, May 24, 2016, at 9:00 a.m., at the Bridgewater Marriott, located at 700 Commons Way, Bridgewater, New Jersey 08807. The attached Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and proxy statement will serve as your guide to the business to be conducted and provide details regarding admission to the meeting.
This year marks the Company’s 125th year in business. Merck has an unparalleled legacy of invention that to this day continues to bring important products to patients. Our scientists are working relentlessly to find solutions for devastating diseases like cancer, Alzheimer’s and cardio-metabolic disease; our vaccines have helped to nearly eliminate once life-threatening diseases like measles, mumps, and rubella; and we continue to invent and innovate treatments for some of the world’s most vexing health challenges, including HIV, Human Papillomavirus (HPV), hepatitis C and Ebola.
Ultimately, Merck is built on the simple premise that great medicines change the world. We believe that a research-driven enterprise dedicated to world-class science can create medicines and vaccines that will make a difference for society and deliver value to shareholders at the same time.
This past year we made significant progress in optimizing our organization and executing on our strategy. We advanced our late-stage pipeline, gained new product approvals, launched innovative products and delivered strong financial results.
We continued to streamline our internal R&D governance and further strengthened our compliance and decision making processes, enabling us to advance our pipeline in a more efficient and effective manner. As a result, our pipeline now has approximately 20 programs in Phase 2 or 3, as well as significant programs in earlier stages of development in a variety of key disease areas.
On the commercial front, we drove operational excellence, prioritizing resources to our highest growth areas, such as diabetes, oncology, vaccines and hospital acute care, and focusing on key markets and customers. The continued clinical development and launches of our anti-PD-1 therapy KEYTRUDA in countries around the world have the potential to bring new hope in a range of cancers. Additionally, disciplined execution within our diabetes franchise resulted in gains in an intensely competitive market. Regulatory submissions for ZEPATIER, our new chronic hepatitis C medicine, culminated in January of this year when we gained approval in the United States and Canada.
Merck & Co., Inc.
2000 Galloping Hill Road Kenilworth, NJ 07033 U.S.A.
 April 11, 2016
Dear Shareholders:
 2016 Proxy Statement 3

                Business development is a critical part of our strategy, and in 2015, we were very active with multiple collaborations and partnerships. We look to pair our best internal inventions with the best external innovation to deliver a balanced and differentiated portfolio of medicines and vaccines, and we expect to remain very active as we continue to aggressively seek attractive external opportunities that can further bolster our scientific leadership while complementing the current assets in our pipeline.
We continue to invest resources to launch and grow our strongest brands, support the most promising research programs, enhance our pipeline with the best available external science, and maintain a balanced and differentiated portfolio, with the goal of delivering long-term growth and shareholder value.
We hope that you will participate in the Annual Meeting, either by attending and voting in person or by voting through other acceptable means as described in this proxy statement as promptly as possible. Merck began distributing its Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy statement and the 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and proxy card/voting instruction form, as applicable, to shareholders and to employee benefit and stock purchase plans participants on April 11, 2016. Your vote is important. We urge you to exercise your right to do so.
Sincerely,
 4 2016 Proxy Statement
