             Kenneth C. Frazier
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
It is my pleasure to invite you to Merck’s 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be held onTuesday, May 27, 2014, at 9:00 a.m., at the Bridgewater Marriott, located at 700 Commons Way, Bridgewater, New Jersey 08807. The attached Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and proxy statement will serve as your guide to the business to be conducted and provide details regarding admission to the meeting.
Merck is committed to creating value for shareholders and society through the kind of innovation that improves health and well-being. We apply cutting-edge science to develop medicines and vaccines that make a meaningful difference to patients, healthcare providers and payers. By focusing our efforts in areas where unmet need and scientific opportunity intersect, Merck will remain one of the world’s leading research-intensive biopharmaceutical companies.
In 2013, we took decisive action to revitalize our research and development and strengthen our pipeline of medically important products. We are allocating resources to our most promising clinical candidates and are focusing on the markets, customers and therapeutic areas that provide the best opportunities for our business while delivering the greatest value to our customers.
I am delighted that we are already seeing strong progress with candidates like MK-3475, our anti-PD-1 immunotherapy for oncology, which has received Breakthrough Therapy designation from the FDA. We also initiated Phase 3 trials for our BACE inhibitor for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease and received Breakthrough Therapy designation for our combination regimen for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C. These are the kinds of meaningful innovations that can make a life or death difference to patients.
To maintain this momentum, we announced a strategic initiative last October designed to sharpen our focus, redesign our operating model and reduce our cost structure. This initiative will increase our efficiency, provide us with the flexibility to take action on our best opportunities and ensure we are able to remain responsive to the challenges of a dynamic healthcare environment. We have made solid progress on all of these fronts, and I am confident that these actions will make Merck a more competitive company, better positioned to innovate and grow.
We hope that you will participate in the Annual Meeting, either by attending and voting in person or by voting through other acceptable means as described in this proxy statement as promptly as possible. Merck began mailing its Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, proxy statement and the 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and proxy card/voting instruction form to shareholders and to employee benefit and stock purchase plans participants on April 14, 2014. Your vote is important. We urge you to exercise your right to do so.
Sincerely,
Merck & Co., Inc.
One Merck Drive
P.O. Box 100
Whitehouse Station, NJ 08889-0100
 April 14, 2014
Dear Shareholders:
   2014 Proxy Statement 3
