                        Dear Fellow Stockholders,
We are pleased to report that Marathon Oil successfully delivered against our performance commitments during 2014, which included significantly growing production in our highest-value U.S. unconventional resource plays, completing key strategic divestitures in Angola and Norway, and providing shareholder value through an increased dividend and $1 billion in share repurchases. We achieved these results while remaining grounded in our core values and exercising discipline across our seven strategic imperatives.
In our three core U.S. resource basins, Marathon Oil achieved 35 percent yearly production growth and grew
our 2P* resource base to 3 billion barrels of oil equivalent (boe), a 20 percent increase over year-end 2013. Asset sales of more than $4 billion reshaped and concentrated our portfolio to higher margin, higher return organic growth opportunities. Even in the lower commodity price environment, our U.S. resource plays generate competitive returns that are indicative of their subsurface quality and our ability to execute efficiently at scale. We are not opportunity limited.
Marathon Oil is well prepared for the current lower oil price environment and our focus is on generating the highest returns, protecting our balance sheet and positioning for price recovery. We are concentrating on those elements of our business that we control to expand our margins, including capital efficiency, investment high grading, expense management, service cost reductions, operational reliability and aligning organizational capacity with lower activity levels. We have a deep, multi-year resource play drilling inventory that is robust across a broad range of pricing scenarios and have captured material reductions in service costs early in
the cycle that enhance our already strong single well economics. Our $3.5 billion capital budget for 2015 is expected to generate a total Company production growth rate, excluding Libya, of 5 to 7 percent year over year. Importantly, our focus on delivering value in any price environment and protecting our financial flexibility has us positioned to be a stronger exploration and production (E&P) company in the long term.
Operating and capital efficiency provide competitive advantage
Outstanding 97 percent average availability in our operated assets supported improved margins and returns and reflects the commitment of our asset teams to deliver our most economic barrels. We leveraged the scale and efficiencies in our unconventional resource plays, with fourth quarter average time from spud-to-total depth of 12 days in Eagle Ford and 16 days in the Bakken. We also continued to pilot and adopt advanced completion technologies and downspacing to improve recoveries and expand forward inventory.
High-return resource plays deliver 35 percent growth
Total Company production available for sale from continuing operations, excluding Libya, increased 8 percent to an average of 399,000 net boe per day (boed) in 2014, compared to an average of 371,000 net boed in 2013. This increase was driven primarily by year-over-year net production growth in the Eagle Ford, Bakken and Oklahoma Resource Basins of 38 percent, 31 percent and 29 percent, respectively.
Focusing capital on our three core U.S. resource plays resulted in a 2014 proved reserve replacement rate of 183 percent, excluding dispositions, at a competitive finding and development cost of approximately $20 per boe. Driven primarily by U.S. resource play activity, we added net proved reserves of 305 million boe that now stand at 80 percent liquids and 67 percent developed. For the three-year period ended Dec. 31, 2014, Marathon Oil added just over 1 billion boe in net proved reserves, excluding dispositions, resulting in a three-year average reserve replacement ratio of just over 200 percent.
With predictable execution delivering returns and consistent growth, our U.S. resource plays accounted for more than half of Marathon Oil’s E&P production in the second half of 2014. Eagle Ford production in the fourth quarter averaged 131,000 net boed, 46 percent higher than the fourth quarter of 2013. Fourth quarter Bakken production averaged 55,000 net boed, up 38 percent year over year. In the Oklahoma Resource Basins, fourth quarter production averaged 20,000 net boed, up 43 percent from the prior year quarter.
Rigorous portfolio management contributes $4 billion in proceeds from asset sales
Our commitment to ongoing portfolio management further reshaped our asset base in 2014, concentrating
our business to higher margin, higher return opportunities while contributing liquidity to our balance sheet and enabling the repurchase of $1 billion in shares.
*2P defined on back cover.

Scalable capital program supports profitable investments, production growth
Marathon Oil deployed our $5.9 billion capital and exploration budget to generate profitable production growth in 2014. Our 2015 budget of $3.5 billion directs 70 percent of spending to high-return investment opportunities in our three U.S. resource plays and reduces exploration spending by more than 50 percent. Though not opportunity limited at current pricing, we are protecting our flexibility in this uncertain environment by reducing activity and rig count in the resource plays from 33 at year-end 2014 to 14 by the end of the second quarter of 2015. Based on this level of activity, we anticipate 2015 total Company production growth of approximately 5
to 7 percent, excluding Libya, with production growth in our three key U.S. resource plays of approximately 20 percent. We retain the ability to exercise further flexibility in spending as the pricing and the macro environment warrant.
A further breakdown of our 2015 investment plans shows that over $1.4 billion, or about 40 percent of spending, is allocated to the Eagle Ford, where we have compelling single well economics and best-in-class execution at scale. We have budgeted $760 million for the Bakken, targeting the highest quality Myrmidon wells. Our $226 million capital budget in the Oklahoma Resource Basins focuses on continued delineation and exploration while protecting our valuable leasehold. In our international business, we plan to spend $429 million, primarily in Equatorial Guinea, the United Kingdom and the Kurdistan Region of Iraq. Our 2015 budget includes $232 million supporting a targeted exploration program that includes one operated well and one non-operated appraisal well in the Gulf of Mexico, as well as seismic surveys in Gabon and Ethiopia.
Delivering long-term shareholder value
Marathon Oil increased our dividend 11 percent in 2014 and completed $1 billion in share repurchases. It is also important to highlight our Company’s financial strength, which includes year-end 2014 liquidity of $4.9 billion consisting of $2.4 billion in cash and $2.5 billion available through a committed multi-year credit facility. This enhances Marathon Oil’s ability to execute our business plans across a range of commodity price scenarios.
Additionally, we were pleased to welcome energy sector leader Marcela E. Donadio to our board of directors, and we look forward to the contributions her strong background in accounting and financial management will bring to our Company. We also offer our thanks to Dr. Shirley Jackson for her many years of service on our board of directors.
To all of our employees, thank you for your continued commitment to Marathon Oil’s success. Your dedication to making our Company the premier independent E&P enabled us to realize many achievements in 2014 and to position us for the future. And to our stockholders, thank you for the confidence you have placed in our entire organization and the leadership team to be responsible stewards of your investment in our Company.
As we move forward in this dynamic business environment, we remain steadfast in our commitment to create long-term shareholder value. The cyclical nature of our industry will not prevent Marathon Oil from striving to be the employer, operator, business partner and investment of choice among independent E&P companies.
Respectfully,
Lee M. Tillman Dennis H. Reilley
President and Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board of Directors
  