                        Dear Fellow Shareholders,
The Marathon Oil team delivered liquids-focused volume and value growth through superior execution and financial discipline in 2012. With outstanding leadership at every level across the organization, we achieved
8 percent growth in production available for sale in 2012 compared to 2011, excluding Libya, exceeding
our original full-year production target. This volume growth was driven largely by the performance of our liquids-focused growth assets, particularly in our strong operated positions in the South Texas Eagle Ford and North Dakota Bakken shale resource plays, along with excellent operational reliability from our base assets. In addition, we rebalanced our global exploration portfolio with more high-value, high-potential, lower-risk prospects, while maintaining approximately $500 million in exploration spending. This provides us important upside exposure to additional value-added opportunities.
Based on continued robust performance in our resource plays and high reliability in our base assets, Marathon Oil expects 2013 production available for sale to be 6 to 8 percent higher than 2012, excluding Libya and Alaska, and heavily weighted to liquids. We continue to push our growth projections further into the future and maintain strong confidence in our 5 to 7 percent compound annual growth rate (CAGR) for 2010-2017, with upside potential from successful exploration projects. Fueling this growth is an expected greater than 10 year drilling inventory in our shale resource plays that can create value for shareholders.
While we have captured significant growth opportunities, we remain committed to financial discipline, a strong balance sheet and delivering value for our shareholders. Marathon Oil strives to fund our capital spending with internally generated funds. We recognize the importance of maintaining a competitive dividend and raised the quarterly dividend 13 percent in 2012. Through our ongoing efforts to maximize the value of our asset portfolio, we are divesting nonstrategic assets and reinvesting the proceeds in areas where we see potential for more profitable growth. Since 2011, we have completed $1.3 billion in nonstrategic asset sales, which is on pace with our projection to complete $1.5-$3 billion in asset sales by the end of 2013.
Powerful reserves and production growth
Driven by strong reserves growth in the Company’s U.S. resource plays, Marathon Oil’s total proved reserves were 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent at the end of 2012, an increase of 12 percent from the prior year and our highest level of proved reserves in 40 years. Of that total, 77 percent were liquid hydrocarbons and
72 percent were developed. The Company’s overall reserve replacement ratio, including Exploration and Production (E&P) and Oil Sands Mining, was 226 percent, with 389 million barrels of oil equivalent (boe) of net proved reserves added, while producing 172 million boe. Excluding acquisitions of 70 million boe, the overall reserve replacement ratio was 185 percent.
Drilling pace and operational performance in resource plays decisively demonstrated our ability to execute. We are not resting on these successes, however, but driving to sustain top quartile operations in our peer group by achieving continuous improvement in reducing cycle times. The Eagle Ford and Bakken shale resource plays will contribute significant oil volumes well into Marathon Oil’s future.
In the Eagle Ford, we improved the speed and efficiency of drilling and completions and continued to optimize well spacing, achieving more than 70 gross well completions in the fourth quarter of 2012. Production increased dramatically from approximately 15,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day (boed) in December 2011, to more than 65,000 net boed in December 2012. In addition, the drilling cycle spud-to-spud rate dropped to approximately 22 days in the fourth quarter of 2012, compared to approximately 28 days in the first quarter of 2012. Wells are performing at or above our initial expectations and well costs are down, even with larger, more complex hydraulic fracturing jobs and longer lateral wells. As with all of our assets, we are focused on ultimate recovery while optimizing value. In the Eagle Ford during 2013, we plan the majority of our drilling to be from multi-well pads anticipated to reduce cycle times and well costs. We will also gather more information through our pilot program, testing higher well densities with the ultimate goal of accessing higher oil and gas recovery and growing value.

We continued growth in our established Bakken asset, where Marathon Oil is among the best in drilling performance, and the developing Oklahoma Resource Basins, while demonstrating financial discipline. Oil price differentials volatility during 2012 in the Bakken and low natural gas and natural gas liquids prices
in the U.S. created a situation where it was prudent to reduce the rig count, which lowered the capital we would otherwise have expended in these two areas. Our average production in the Bakken reached 35,000 net boed in December 2012, compared to 24,000 net boed in December 2011. Marathon Oil’s position in the Oklahoma Resource Basins includes acreage in the Anadarko Woodford as well as the Mississippian Lime and Granite Wash. We will continue to evaluate our drilling programs in these two areas and we will increase activity when warranted.
Capital focused on value and liquids
Our 2013 capital, investment and exploration budget of $5.2 billion supports value growth and liquids-rich growth assets, primarily in our U.S. resource plays. Of the $3.4 billion budget for E&P growth projects, we expect to invest $1.9 billion in the Eagle Ford where we anticipate drilling 215 to 250 net wells. Additionally, we will continue to construct central batteries and pipelines to deliver this high-value production in a
cost effective and timely manner. Our 2013 annual average production available for sale is projected to
be approximately 85,000 net boed. We plan to spend $800 million in the Bakken and $150 million in our Oklahoma Resource Basins. We have also earmarked $1.1 billion to maintain high reliability in our base assets, which generate substantial free cash flow for investing in our growth assets and exploration.
Increased exploration prospects
During 2012, we enhanced our global exploration portfolio by acquiring smaller interests across more prospects, increasing our opportunities for success. Our planned 2013 $450 million exploration budget covers drilling 3-5 net wells (10-13 gross) in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, offshore Gabon, Ethiopia and Kenya, offshore Norway and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico.
Talent, assets and strategy driving growth
Marathon Oil has strong momentum and the talent, assets and strategy to sustain our high level of operational and financial performance. Our portfolio offers opportunities in some of the most sought-after resource plays, with a current focus on crude oil and condensate. In addition, we have the ability to adjust our plans and scale growth to optimize value. As such, we are positioned to accelerate natural gas resource play development when the commodity price and cost environments improve.
Marathon Oil is looking for the highest value growth opportunities around the world, in basins with great resource potential where our employees, capital and technology can create value. Wherever Marathon Oil invests and operates, we will do so with the utmost respect for the safety of our employees and communities and for the environment. We remain committed to Living Our Values and having a positive impact in communities where we operate. Our leadership in engaging with industry and communities to address the benefits and risks of industry expansion is an excellent example of our approach to operating Marathon Oil responsibly.
I am incredibly proud of the teamwork that enabled Marathon Oil to increase production and shareholder value, raise dividends and deliver solid financial results in 2012. Everyone at Marathon Oil – from our asset teams on the ground, to the technical, financial and other support experts in our corporate offices, to our executive leadership team and Board of Directors – is firmly committed to our success. With the completion of our first full year as an independent international E&P company, I want to thank all of our stakeholders for your continued confidence in our ability to successfully and responsibly grow our Company.
Respectfully,
Clarence P. Cazalot, Jr. Chairman, President and CEO
 