  The year 2004 can be summed up in one word: progress. We continue to execute the strategies set three years ago to deliver sustainable value growth across all three segments of our Company, placing us in the top third of our peer group in total shareholder return since our transformation began.
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
The year 2004 can be summed up in one word: progress. We reached key milestones on several major projects that provide a platform for future growth, including the sanctioning and groundbreaking of our LNG project in Equatorial Guinea and approval of our Alvheim develop- ment in Norway. Our exploration program delivered outstanding results for the third year in a row. Marathon Ashland Petroleum LLC (MAP) set several operating records, capitalizing on a strong market environment that produced the second most profitable year since its formation in 1998.
Delivering on Our Strategy
The year was marked by strong commodity prices, tight supplies of finished product due in part to constraints in the U.S. refining system, and an overall narrowing of the oil supply/demand balance in the face of growing world- wide demand for energy. In light of these market factors, each of the Company’s three business segments improved profitability over 2003.
We continued to demonstrate success in our rebalanced exploration program, with six announced discoveries, adding new natural gas and crude oil resources at competitive finding costs of less than $1.75* per boe. Our exploration successes are rapidly moving forward
to commercial developments such as our Alvheim project in Norway, and we anticipate moving the 2003 and 2004 successes at the Neptune unit in the Gulf of Mexico to project sanction during 2005.
During the year, Marathon more than offset its 2004 production of 122 mmboe by adding net proved reserves of 221 mmboe, including approximately 136 mmboe through extensions, discoveries and other additions. At year end, Marathon had estimated proved reserves of 1,139 mmboe. Our 2004 reserve replacement performance was driven by reserve additions in Equatorial Guinea, where we added 162 mmboe of proved reserves. In addition, the Alvheim and Vilje developments in Norway and the Corrib project in Ireland added approximately
80 mmboe of proved reserves.
Over the past three years, the Company has added net proved reserves of 782** mmboe, excluding dispositions of approximately 280** mmboe, at very competitive finding and development costs of less than $6 per boe.
During 2004, Marathon continued to make significant progress advancing key development projects that will serve as the basis for the Company’s production growth profile in the coming years. Strategic development proj- ects were sanctioned and approved, including our plan
of development and operation for the Alvheim project in Norway and the Corrib development in Ireland.
Our production was lower than expected in 2004, largely due to project delays and weather-related down- time in the Gulf of Mexico. To lessen the impact of this shortfall, we worked to offset cost increases resulting from inflationary factors to keep our operating and administrative costs low.
 * Finding costs per boe is not a measure under generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP"). There is no corresponding GAAP measure to which it can be reconciled.
** These amounts include 7 mmboe of net proved reserve additions and 19 mmboe of dispositions related to equity investees.
4

   Development of our Equatorial Guinea assets into a significant core area is progress- ing through our condensate recovery and LPG expansion projects, which are nearly complete and constitute a major onshore gas-processing facility on Bioko Island. By the end
of 2005, we expect liquid hydrocarbon production from Equatorial Guinea to have
risen by nearly 150 percent
over 2004 average output.
agreement with BP Energy Company, which provides both near-term earning capabilities and long-term options for growth. In addition, the AMPCO methanol plant in Equatorial Guinea, in which we have a
45 percent interest, posted strong operating results, with both record volumes and profitability.
On the downstream side, MAP had its second-best year in its seven-year history, despite a tough first quarter with two of its largest refineries down for planned maintenance during a period of strong margins. MAP’s ability to remain focused throughout 2004 on leveraging refining and marketing invest-
Excluding the weather-
related downtime, we delivered
strong production from our base
assets in the United States dur-
ing a time when the U.S. natural
gas market remains strong. This
robust U.S. gas market is stimulating increased activity and investment in the mid-America gas corridor, where we hold substantial interests and where we are applying state-of-the-art drilling and completion technologies to reduce costs and improve reservoir productivity.
Our focus in our newest core area, Russia, has resulted in a 60 percent production increase since we acquired these assets in 2003. We are leveraging our geophysical, drilling and completion skills resulting in significantly reduced drilling times and improved completions as we develop these Western Siberian oil reservoirs.
Our continued exploration success coupled with ongoing development of our base businesses and new core areas, provides defined production growth that is expected to increase our average daily production by an estimated compounded average growth rate of 5 to 9 percent between 2005 and 2008.
In the integrated gas segment, the sanctioning of our LNG Train 1 project in Equatorial Guinea with GEPetrol was a significant milestone during 2004. Sanctioned in June, the project is on budget and scheduled for first cargoes in late 2007. This is one of the most attractive LNG projects in the Atlantic Basin with all-in LNG operating, capital and feedstock costs of approximately $1 per MMBtu, making it a significant value contributor with options for further growth. At the Elba Island regasi- fication terminal, we secured a five-year LNG supply
Thomas J. Usher
Chairman of the Board
Clarence P. Cazalot Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer
ments, expanding and enhancing its asset base and control- ling costs resulted in an outstanding year. Performance highlights included record throughputs at its refineries, averaging 1.11 million barrels per day; 11 percent
growth in same store merchandise sales at Speedway SuperAmerica LLC, and a 6 percent growth in Marathon brand gasoline sales volume. Other key achievements included completion of the Catlettsburg Repositioning Project and progress on the Detroit refinery expansion, scheduled for completion in late 2005, that will increase refinery crude oil throughput capacity to 100,000 bpd.
We also announced the planned acquisition of Ashland Inc.’s minority interest in MAP during 2004. This acquisi- tion is designed to complement our strategy to remain a fully integrated company. Acquiring full ownership of MAP would also provide us with substantial growth opportunities and allow us to leverage access to the
U.S. market. While we were not successful in closing
this transaction during 2004, we and Ashland continue
to discuss a possible modified transaction with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), which would likely result in a closing in the second quarter of 2005 if successful.
Our strong financial performance this past year, com- bined with the stock offering made to finance the MAP acquisition, provides Marathon the financial flexibility to fund continued investments in new and existing core explo- ration and production operations, as well as our emerging integrated gas business.
5

  Positioned for Future Growth
Turning to 2005 and beyond, Marathon will stay the course on the strategies we have set in motion. We are confident Marathon is on the right track to address the numerous challenges faced by our
industry as world demand for energy continues to grow. The world’s appetite for oil and natural gas has out- stripped the industry’s ability to replace produced reserves through exploration for sev- eral years while exploration and development costs con- tinue to rise. The growing demand for petroleum prod- ucts, especially natural gas, creates a challenge to link stranded gas resources with growing markets.
The industry’s ability
to tap and deliver resources will require breakthrough technologies in exploration, development, transportation and hydrocarbon conversion. Also, projects are growing ever larger and more complex, requiring stronger project management skills and balance sheets.
As discussed earlier,
Marathon has made great
strides in the area of exploration success through our refocused exploration program, but exploration success alone will not be sufficient to replace Marathon’s or the industry’s current rate of production. Access to resources, both existing and potential, will play a significant role in replenishing the resource base necessary to continue to meet the world’s energy needs.
Our focus on linking the world’s stranded resources, those with little or no domestic market, with the world’s consuming markets is positioning us well to capture additional value. Our potential re-entry to the prolific Sirte Basin in Libya is one such opportunity. Additionally, we have made great strides in our strategy to commercialize stranded gas through projects such as our existing methanol
facility in Equatorial Guinea and our low-cost LNG Train 1 facility under construction in Equatorial Guinea.
We continue to seek breakthrough technologies as demonstrated through our gas-to-liquids project, which has proven its ability to produce ultra-clean transportation
fuels and is moving closer to commerciality.
We continue to work to provide additional refining capability as demonstrated through our Detroit refinery expansion, designed to help provide the Midwest with much needed additional refined fuels.
We have the skill sets nec- essary to deliver these value- creating projects and we have built a strong balance sheet, reducing our cash-adjusted debt-to-total-capital ratio from a high of 48 percent
in early 2002 to 8 percent at year-end 2004.
It is our clear intent to remain a fully integrated energy company, maintaining a strong focus on exploration and production, building on our integrated gas business and growing our refining, marketing and transportation presence.
 2004 Highlights
Continued Strong Exploration Success
• Announced six discoveries in four countries
Strengthened Core Areas
• Completed condensate expansion and advanced LPG expansion projects in Equatorial Guinea
• Received approval for the Alvheim development
• Reached agreement to develop Vilje through
Alvheim infrastructure
• Received permission for the Corrib development
Increased Proved Reserve Base
• Added net proved reserves of approximately 221 mmboe
Strengthened MAP Assets
• Completed Catlettsburg, Kentucky, refinery repositioning project
• Increased crude oil capacity at Garyville, Louisiana, refinery
• Achieved record refinery crude and feedstock throughputs
• Continued strong Speedway SuperAmerica same store merchandise sales gains
• Progressed Detroit refinery expansion – on schedule for completion late 2005
Advanced Integrated Gas Strategy
• Sanctioned Equatorial Guinea LNG project
• Signed LNG supply agreement under Elba Island LNG regas terminal capacity rights
• Successfully completed operation of GTL demonstration plant
6
Living Our Values
Living our values begins with our commitment to protect the health and safety of our employees, contractors and neighboring communities and to minimize the environ- mental impact of our operations.
Helping us achieve our goals is a dedicated resource base of approximately 26,000 Marathon and MAP employ- ees who continue to work with the highest regard for our stockholders, partners and the communities where we operate. Our commitment to social responsibility can be seen from Company-initiated efforts to eradicate malaria in Equatorial Guinea, as well as a variety of community out- reach programs that cover a broad range of social support,

  from funding a local hospital in the Midwest to assisting Houston families in need during the holiday season.
Both Marathon and MAP delivered record safety performance during 2004 – highlighting our long-standing focus on the safety of not only our employees, but also our contractors and neighbors. These record lows were achieved during a period of major construction activity
in both the upstream and downstream segments.
We continue to uphold the highest standards of busi- ness ethics and integrity. Our focus on business integrity was nationally recognized when MAP received the 2004 Better Business Bureau International Torch Award for Marketplace Ethics. In addition, last year we initiated an ethics and compliance training program for all employees.
Maintaining the highest standards of corporate gover- nance is reflected in our reputation and performance when compared to our industry peers and others. In early 2005, Institutional Shareholder Services scored Marathon as outperforming 89 percent of the companies in the Energy Indices and 68 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 in terms of corporate governance excellence.
In early 2004, we demonstrated our support for trans- parent business operations by publishing a statement back- ing the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI). EITI supports transparent reporting by governments of aggregated revenues derived from mineral resource extrac- tion. We believe that conducting business in a transparent manner is in the best interest of countries, investors and the international community. Also during 2004, Marathon became a participant in the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights, which recognizes the impor- tance of the promotion and protection of human rights throughout the world and engages in dialogue focusing
on global security and human rights issues.
The combined Company and employee response
to provide monetary relief to the victims of the Indian Ocean tsunami disaster in late December is consistent with our principles of corporate social responsibility, not only in the areas in which we conduct business, but wherever there is a need. This effort resulted in a total donation of $1.1 million.
During the first half of 2005, we will publish our inau- gural issue of Living Our Values. This report will address many issues and policies relating to environmental and safety reporting and performance, including greenhouse gas emissions, corporate development and diversity pro- grams, as well as philanthropic programs and spending.
It is our demonstrated care and commitment to safety, the environment, ethics and integrity that drives our busi- ness and will help us continue to deliver on our strategies and the success of Marathon now and into the future.
While we have achieved much progress in the past year, there are significant challenges ahead. By maintain- ing focus on our proven strategy under way, we are confi- dent that 2005 will be a year filled with continued success and value growth for our stockholders, employees and
the communities where we operate. Thank you for your continued support of Marathon.
Sincerely,
Thomas J. Usher Chairman
Clarence P. Cazalot Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 9, 2005
  7
