TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, CUSTOMERS, PARTNERS AND EMPLOYEES:
Last year was a big year — we delivered strong results, launched fantas/c new products and services, and posi%oned Microso' for an incredible future.
For fiscal year 2012, revenue grew to a record $73.7 billion. We also maintained strong cost discipline resul&ng in cash flow from opera0ons of $31.6 billion, an increase of 17 percent from the prior year. In addi$on, we returned $10.7 billion to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends.
We delivered these results while preparing a pipeline of new and updated products that will launch in the year ahead. To best understand what we are about to deliver and what we’re building toward, it’s important to recognize a fundamental shi. underway in our business and the areas of technology that we believe will drive the greatest opportunity in the future.
Our Business: Devices and Services
Last year in this le)er I said that over &me, the full value of our so#ware will be seen and felt in how people use devices and services at work and in their personal lives. This is a significant shi-, both in what we do and how we see ourselves — as a devices and services company. It impacts how we run the company, how we develop new experiences, and how we take products to market for both consumers and businesses. The work we have accomplished in the past year and the roadmap in front of us brings this to life.
Devices With End-User Services
We will con(nue to work with a vast ecosystem of partners to deliver a broad spectrum of Windows PCs, tablets and phones. We do this because our customers want great choices and we believe there is no way one size suits over 1.3 billion Windows users around the world. There will be *mes when we build specific devices for specific purposes, as we have chosen to do with Xbox and the recently announced Microso6 Surface. In all our work with partners and on our own devices, we will focus relentlessly on delivering deligh'ul, seamless experiences across hardware, so0ware and services. This means as we, with our partners, develop new Windows devices we’ll build in services people want. Further, as we develop and update our consumer services, we’ll do so in ways that take full advantage of hardware advances, that complement one another and that unify all the devices people use daily. So right out of the box, a customer will get a stunning device that is connected to unique communica-ons, produc-vity and entertainment services from Microso* as well as access to great services and applica&ons from our partners and developers around the world.
A great example of this shi/ is Windows 8. Windows 8 will come to market Oct. 26, 2012, with beau*ful hardware that will light up with our consumer cloud services. Windows 8 unites the light, thin and fun aspects of a tablet with the power of a PC. It’s beau6ful, it’s func6onal, and it’s perfect for both personal and professional use. Xbox Music, Video, Games and SmartGlass apps make it possible to select a movie from a PC, start playing it on the TV, and finish watching it on a phone. SkyDrive, our cloud storage solu-on, effortlessly connects content across a user’s devices. Bing’s powerful search technologies in Windows 8 will help customers get more done. Skype has a beau,ful new Windows 8 app and connects directly into the new Office.
Office, too, is taking a major leap forward. The new Office was designed from the ground up for Windows 8 and takes full advantage of new mobile form factors with touch and pen capabili7es. It unlocks new experiences for reading, note taking, mee3ngs and communica"ons and brings social directly into produc'vity and collabora'on scenarios. The combina+on of a Windows 8 tablet with OneNote and SkyDrive has truly revolu-onized how to take notes, annotate documents and share informa2on. The ul#mate

experience with the new Office for both consumers and businesses will come when it is paired with a Windows 8 device and delivered as a cloud subscrip0on service with Office 365.
Services for the Enterprise
Fantas&c devices and services for end users will drive our enterprise businesses forward given the increasing influence employees have in the technology they use at work — a trend commonly referred to as the Consumeriza,on of IT. It’s one more reason Microso/ is commi0ed to delivering devices and services that people love and businesses need.
Today, businesses face a number of important opportuni.es and challenges. Enterprise IT departments are tasked with deploying technology that drives the business strategy forward. They decide what solu.ons will make employees more produc,ve, collabora,ve and sa(sfied. They work to unlock business insights from a world of data. At the same )me they must manage and secure corporate informa-on that employees access across a growing number of personal and corporate devices.
To address these opportuni.es, businesses turn to Microso+. They count on our world-class business applica&ons like Microso/ Dynamics, Office, Exchange, SharePoint, Lync, and our business intelligence solu%ons. They rely on our technology to manage employee corporate iden%ty and to protect their corporate data. And, increasingly, businesses of all sizes are looking to Microso) to realize the benefits of the cloud.
Helping businesses move to the cloud is one of our largest opportuni(es. All the online services people use today — both from Microso- and other companies — run on servers in datacenters around the globe. The volume of Internet services used will con.nue to grow as people connect to the Internet from more devices for more purposes — fueling incredible opportunity in our server business. Unique to Microso., we con'nue to design and deliver world-class cloud solu)ons that allow our customers to move to the cloud on their terms. For example, a company can choose to deploy Office or Microso0 Dynamics on premises, as a cloud service or a combina-on of both. With Windows Server 2012, Windows Azure and System Center infrastructure, businesses can deploy applica+ons in their own datacenter, a partner’s datacenter or in Microso'’s datacenter with common security, management and administra6on across all environments, with ul#mate flexibility and scale. Our business customers tell us these capabili#es are cri#cal to harnessing the power of the cloud so they can reach new levels of efficiency and tap new areas of growth.
Our Future: Big Opportunity
There’s a remarkable amount of opportunity ahead for Microso3 in both the next year and the next decade. As we enter this new era, there are several dis$nct areas of technology that we are focused on driving forward — all of which start to show up in the devices and services launching this year. Leading the industry in these areas over the long term will translate to sustained growth well into the future. These focus areas include:
• Developing new form factors that have increasingly natural ways to use them including touch, gestures and speech.
• Making technology more intui%ve and able to act on our behalf instead of at our command with machine learning.
• Building and running cloud services in ways that unleash incredible new experiences and opportuni(es for businesses and individuals.
• Firmly establishing one pla(orm, Windows, across the PC, tablet, phone, server and cloud to drive a thriving ecosystem of developers, unify the cross-device user experience, and increase agility when bringing new advancements to market.

• Delivering new scenarios with life-changing improvements in how people learn, work, play and interact with one another.
We are uniquely posi/oned to lead in these areas given the breadth of our devices and services por-olio, as well as our large, global partner and customer base and the growing Windows ecosystem.
It truly is a new era at Microso1 — an era of incredible opportunity for us, for the 8 million developers building apps for our devices, for the more than 640,000 partners worldwide and, most important, for the people and businesses using our products to reach their full poten3al.
We see an unprecedented amount of opportunity for both this year and the long term. Although we s%ll have a lot of hard work ahead, our products are genera&ng excitement. And when I pause to reflect on how far we’ve come over the past few years and how much further we’ll go in the next one, I couldn’t be more excited and op#mis#c.
As always, thank you for your support.
Steven A. Ballmer Chief Execu+ve Officer October 9, 2012
