To our shareholders, customers, partners and employees:
Fiscal 2007 was an important and very successful year for Microsoft. Fueled by the launches of new versions of our flagship Microsoft® Windows® and Office products, the rollout of the biggest wave of business software in company history, and excellent momentum across a broad range of markets, we reached a significant milestone in 2007 when we surpassed $50 billion in revenue. For the year, revenue reached $51.12 billion, a 15 percent increase over fiscal 2006. Operating income totaled $18.52 billion, a jump of $2.05 billion compared with the previous year. During 2007, we returned $31 billion in cash to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends.
Results such as these cap a remarkable run that has seen profit double and revenue nearly double over the past five years. During that time, we have also returned more than $100 billion to shareholders.
Fiscal 2007 saw many successful product launches, led by the release of Windows Vista®, the newest version of our desktop operating system. In fiscal 2007, we sold more than 55 million Windows Vista licenses. The 2007 Microsoft Office system also enjoyed an extremely successful launch, enabling us to sell more than 71 million Microsoft Office licenses in fiscal 2007.
Other important launches included the business security product Microsoft ForefrontTM, the Microsoft System Center family of IT management solutions, and new versions of many of our Microsoft DynamicsTM business solutions. We also launched ZuneTM, our digital and music entertainment device; released Microsoft Windows Mobile® 6; and introduced Microsoft Silverlight, which enables developers to create rich, interactive media experiences and applications for the Web.
During 2007, we acquired the global digital marketing company aQuantive. Valued at approximately $6 billion, it marks the largest acquisition in Microsoft’s history. aQuantive’s market-leading technology and its decade-long relationships with publishers and advertisers combined with our adCenter advertising platform will enable us to offer a world-class Internet-wide advertising platform along with tools, sales, support, and syndication to agencies, advertisers, and publishers. We also made a number of other strategic acquisitions, including Tellme Networks, a leading provider of voice services for directory assistance, enterprise customer service, and mobile search; ScreenTonic, a pioneer in mobile advertising; and Medstory, which develops Web search technology for health information;
Long-Term Success Built on Broad Innovation and Global Talent
In 2007, we continued our 30-year commitment to innovation by investing $7.12 billion in research and development. The value of our investment in research and development can be seen in new products such as Microsoft SurfaceTM, which provides a groundbreaking tabletop computing experience that lets people interact with digital content through natural gestures and touch, and Microsoft Robotics Studio, our revolutionary software development kit for the robotics industry. It also is evident in more established products such as the 2007 Microsoft Office system, where the new Office Ribbon interface is transforming the way people use productivity software.
The foundation for innovation at Microsoft is a work force that consists of the top talent from around the world. In a time of intense competition for talent in our industry, 2007 was one of the best recruiting years in company history. Around the globe, we hired great people for technical, sales, marketing, and support roles, and added new research and development facilities so we can continue to attract the world’s best and brightest. Equally important, we are making industry-leading investments in career development and workplace enhancements so our employees have the right tools and incentives to drive the company forward.
Building New Competencies in Consumer Technology and the Services Transformation
One essential difference between Microsoft and any other company in this industry is our willingness to enter new markets and embrace disruptive business trends. Seventeen years ago, we began to diversify our company by expanding beyond the desktop and entering the enterprise server software market. Today, server software is a $11.18 billion business for Microsoft.

This kind of long-term commitment and vision has enabled Microsoft to create an impressive portfolio of desktop and enterprise products that have seen strong growth during the past five years. Since fiscal 2002, for example, Microsoft SQL ServerTM revenue has grown by an annual average of 28 percent, Microsoft Dynamics — which became a $1 billion business in 2007 — has grown 27 percent, and Microsoft Office SharePoint® Server has grown by 67 percent.
Now we are focused on diversifying once again as we pursue opportunities in consumer technology. To build on the strength we have in the consumer marketplace with Windows Vista, the 2007 Microsoft Office system, Xbox 360TM, Microsoft Windows LiveTM, Windows Mobile, and Zune, we are focused on delivering products that are compelling and cutting edge in terms of design as well as features and functionality. As part of our emphasis on success in consumer technologies, we are also working to define the next era of consumer electronics. In the past, consumer electronics was a hardware-centric business; today, the real innovation in consumer electronics devices lies in the software that powers them. This is creating new opportunities for us to deliver end-to-end experiences that no other company can match.
Underlying our opportunities in consumer technologies, and in all of our businesses, is a companywide commitment to fully embrace software plus services. Software plus services enables us to combine the advantages of Internet-based services — software that resides on the Internet, is downloaded quickly for each use, and is accessed through a Web browser — with the power of desktop and server software. Software plus services represents the single biggest opportunity across every one of our businesses. Our software-plus- services approach will enable us to deliver new experiences to end users and new value to businesses as we combine the richness of our desktop software with the breadth of our online assets, and the control and security of our enterprise software with the flexibility and mobility of our consumer devices.
In fiscal 2007, we made important progress in software plus services with the introduction of Windows Live Spaces and Windows Live for Mobile, and the release from beta of Windows Live Search, Windows Live.com, Windows Live Local Search and Office Live. We also introduced new developer tools such as Silverlight, Popfly and the Microsoft .NET 3.0 Framework. In the coming year as we continue to build out our services platform, we will bring a broad range of new products and service offerings to market that target the needs of large enterprises, small and medium-sized businesses, and consumers.
Delivering More Value Around the World on the Desktop and the Server
Although we enjoyed strong success in 2007 with the launches of Windows Vista and the 2007 Microsoft Office system, we see strong opportunities for growth by delivering more value per customer. With the planned releases in fiscal 2008 of Windows Server® 2008, SQL Server 2008, and Visual Studio® 2008, and the opportunity to provide additional value in security, messaging, systems management and collaboration, we are well-positioned to build on our strength with businesses of all sizes. We will also continue to pursue new opportunities in high- performance computing, unified communications, healthcare and business intelligence.
Around the world, we’re seeing excellent growth in many emerging markets as more and more people begin to participate in the global knowledge economy. For example, in Russia and Vietnam our revenue grew in excess of 70 percent in 2007. Other emerging markets that saw impressive growth included India, China, and Brazil, which all delivered revenue growth that topped 40 percent. Growth was strong in many developed markets as well, with Ireland, the Netherlands, Spain, and Australia each exceeding revenue growth of 25 percent. All told, revenue jumped 25 percent or more in 46 countries in 2007.
Investing in Communities, Fostering Diversity
Using the power of technology to help people around the world achieve their potential is central to our mission, and we continue to work to foster social and economic advancement for communities through partnerships with public- and private-sector organizations.
In April, we announced the expansion of Unlimited Potential and unveiled a new commitment to help close the digital divide by creating new products and programs that will help bring social and economic opportunity to the

estimated 5 billion people who are not yet realizing the benefits of technology. Unlimited Potential is focused on delivering relevant, accessible and affordable solutions that will help transform education, foster local innovation, and help create jobs and opportunities. We believe Microsoft can have the greatest impact in these three areas, creating a continuous cycle of sustained social and economic opportunity.
During fiscal 2007, community technology skills centers supported by Unlimited Potential reached more than 46 million people. Through our Partners in Learning program, we have helped provide information and communications technology curriculum and skills training to more than 71 million primary and secondary teachers and students in 101 countries.
At Microsoft, diversity and inclusion are also core values and we strive to be the industry leader in helping women and minorities realize their potential. Within the company, we promote diversity at every level of the organization, and in 2007, the number of women in senior executive positions increased more than 20 percent. We’re also working to encourage more women and minorities to enter the technology industry through programs such as DigiGirlz, which provides high school girls with opportunities to learn about careers in technology and take advantage of hands-on technology workshops. And we’re committed to working in partnership with minority- and women-focused organizations to help bring technology to diverse communities. One example is a $5 million technology grant to the National Urban League.
A New Era of Innovation and Change
Microsoft was founded with the dream of putting a computer on every desk and in every home, and for more than 30 years our software has played a vital role in the positive cycle of innovation and progress that has given rise to incredible new ways to communicate, share ideas, manage our businesses, and much more.
It’s amazing to look back and see how much progress we have made in the past three decades. But it’s even more inspiring to look ahead and imagine a world where that dream embraces every country in every part of the globe, empowering billions more people to participate in the knowledge economy. As this happens, new ideas will emerge, new businesses will be launched, and important new advances will be made in science and medicine. The result will be a wave of new innovations that will continue to make our lives richer, more productive and more fulfilling. Because software is the foundation for the profound changes that lie ahead, Microsoft is in an ideal position to take advantage of the incredible opportunities that lie before us.
It is your continued support that enables us to pursue these opportunities. Thank you.
William H. Gates III Chairman of the Board
Steven A. Ballmer Chief Executive Officer
