1 msft
Microsoft_2000 Annual Report

2 msft
Letter to Shareholders
In 1975, Microsoft had three employees, $16,000 in revenue and a single software product – a version of the BASIC computer language that ran the first personal computer, the Altair 8800.
In 2000, as we mark our 25th year, Microsoft is the world’s largest software company, with nearly 40,000 employees, $23 billion in revenue, and a wide range of powerful software and Internet products, including the most popular PC operating system, productivity software and Internet network.
It’s been truly amazing to be at the focal point of two revolutions that have swept the world since Microsoft’s modest beginnings: a PC revolution that has made powerful and affordable computing available to hundreds of millions of people around the globe, and an Internet revolution that is fundamentally changing how people communicate, learn and share information, and the way entire industries operate.
At the core of these remarkable advances is software – the magic that makes this technology useful. At Microsoft, software is our passion, the reason we’re excited to come to work every morning. As we look to the future, our commitment to advance the frontiers of software technology offers extraordinary opportunities for consumers, businesses and our company.
With the release of Windows® 2000, the continuing strength of Microsoft® Office, our expanding enterprise server family and the surging popularity of MSN®, we have strong core businesses. At the same time, we are making significant strategic investments for the future in key growth areas, including wireless technologies, digital devices, games, TV, small business and, most important, the new Microsoft .NET platform. Over the next year, we will invest more than $4 billion in research and development to advance our core businesses, build on our strategic investments and deliver on the promise of our most important software initiative ever – Microsoft .NET.
Microsoft .NET
Just as our development of PC operating systems and other software technologies have driven growth in the industry over the past quarter century, today we are working to enable a new era of empowerment for computer users, and growth opportunities for both businesses and software developers. Microsoft .NET comprises the software and services that will power the Next Generation Internet.
As anyone who has used a PC knows, today’s Internet experience can be fun, exciting and informative. It also can be confusing and difficult. For example, Web browsing, content authoring and editing, e-mail, calendaring and contacts each require separate applications that have widely varying functionality and compatibility. Communicating between devices such as PCs, mobile phones and handheld devices is challenging at best. Meanwhile, information on the Internet continues to exist on “digital islands” of independent Web sites. This information is easy to browse, but difficult to edit or manipulate in any useful way. There is enormous benefit and opportunity in linking these isolated islands of data, services and devices in ways that will enable people and businesses to communicate and collaborate more easily. This is where Microsoft .NET comes into play, enabling easier, more personalized and more productive Internet experiences by harnessing constellations of smart devices and Web sites with advanced software based on open Internet standards and protocols, including XML. In addition, Microsoft .NET will offer computer users a unified interface that adapts to whatever they are doing, wherever they are, and is device-independent – a kind of “universal canvas” for the Digital Age.
Microsoft .NET will create immense opportunity for hundreds of thousands of developers and industry partners, by providing the tools to build a new generation of truly distributed Web

3 msft
services that will transform the Internet and every other aspect of computing. Microsoft .NET will revolutionize computing and communications in the first decade of the 21st century, by being the first platform that takes full advantage of both. Microsoft .NET will take several years to come to full fruition, but we are tremendously excited about the potential.
The Foundations of Microsoft .NET
Microsoft .NET will build extensively on Microsoft’s current core businesses, including the Windows family of desktop and server operating systems, enterprise server applications, Microsoft Office and MSN, each of which is performing strongly today. Windows 2000 has met with strong customer adoption and highly favorable reviews among IT managers, office users and industry analysts, making it the most powerful business operating system ever released by Microsoft. Underscoring its reliability and the value of its new features, General Motors, Royal Dutch/Shell, Xerox Corp., and leading PC manufacturers – such as Compaq Computer Corp., Dell Computer Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., and Toshiba Corp. – are all deploying Windows 2000.
Windows Me, the latest version of the Windows operating system designed specifically for home users, released in September, provides consumers with an improved user and Internet experience, enhanced home-based networking features and compelling new digital media tools.
Today, Windows 2000 servers are powering the World Wide Web. A majority of the top Internet retail sites, business-to-business Web sites and secure Web sites are running on Windows 2000 Server or Windows 2000 Advanced Server, and more Fortune 500 sites are running on Windows 2000 technology than any other technology. Windows 2000 Datacenter Server, launched in September 2000, will provide even more power and reliability for high-traffic networks.
If Windows 2000 is the foundation of Microsoft’s .NET strategy, our .NET Enterprise Server products are the cornerstones. In the year ahead we are launching seven new and updated enterprise server products. Microsoft’s range of server applications, combined with the power and reliability of Windows 2000, offer versatility and affordability unrivaled by any of our competitors. They also represent significant new opportunities to enhance Microsoft’s revenue stream.
Microsoft Office revenue was strong as major enterprise accounts continued to adopt the world’s most popular productivity suite. The growing deployment of Windows 2000 on the desktop is expected to further stimulate sales of Office 2000. New technologies that integrate Web services directly into the Office user experience, as well as tools that enable users to more efficiently store, access and analyze crucial business information, are being developed for future versions of Microsoft Office. Office.NET will offer a powerful productivity and communications service designed to meet the needs of 21st century knowledge workers. Use of Microsoft’s Visio® and Microsoft Project applications is also continuing to grow and empower knowledge workers in important new ways.
Fiscal year 2000 was a defining year for MSN. In June, the MSN network of Internet services became the #1 worldwide Internet destination for consumers. In the United States, MSN grew significantly faster than Yahoo! or AOL. With MSN services available in 33 international markets and 17 languages, it is the #1 site among consumers in many countries around the world. Our MSN Internet Access business grew by more than 50 percent. Key to this remarkable growth is MSN best-of-breed services, including MSN Hotmail®, the world’s largest e-mail system with more than 67 million active accounts; MSN Messenger Service, our instant messaging service with more than 18 million users; MSN Search, the second most popular search service on the Web; and MSN eShop, which experienced a significant increase in holiday traffic last year.

4 msft
Investments in Tomorrow
One of the keys to Microsoft’s success over our first 25 years is the long-term view we have taken toward the development of technologies such as Windows, Office, MSN and other products. In the coming year, we will continue to focus on promising new technological advances in a number of key fields.
T elevision
Digital and enhanced television products and services represent a significant growth opportunity for Microsoft and one that will give consumers more choice and control over when and what they watch, richer participation with TV programming, and convenient access to the Internet and family and friends. Microsoft is investing in three areas:
—>Working with television service operators – including AT&T in the United States, UPC in Europe, Rogers in Canada, and Towngas/iCare in Hong Kong – to deploy enhanced TV to more than 15 million subscribers via the Microsoft platform;
—> Joining with DIRECTV, Thomson, and Sony to produce UltimateTV, a one-box, one-service enhanced TV solution that will include two digital tuners to enable background recording, and a 40-gigabyte hard drive capable of recording 35 hours of TV programming.
—> Continuing to grow the WebTV® service, which now has more than 1 million subscribers who can participate in new ways with their favorite TV shows, vote in live polls, receive up-to-the- minute news coverage, and send and receive e-mail using their TV set at home.
Games
In the last few years, Microsoft has emerged as one of the top PC games publishers in the United States. In calendar 1999, Microsoft had two of the top five best sellers: Flight Simulator and Age of Empires®. During the 1999 holiday season, we were the only games publisher with three titles on the Top 10 list. Building on this success, Microsoft is investing significant resources to develop XboxTM, which will compete with the Sony PlayStation and game consoles by Sega and Nintendo in a multi-billion-dollar industry. The hardware design for Xbox is already complete, and Microsoft has 30 game titles for it under development in-house, with more in the works by third- party developers. The fall 2001 launch of Xbox will be Microsoft’s biggest ever – larger even than Windows 95.
Wireless
Microsoft will invest substantially in the coming year to enable truly intelligent communications that fluidly traverse the boundaries of work, individual and family time, while offering ways to control the tremendous volume of available information. Alliances are key to our wireless strategy. For example, we are working with AT&T and British Telecommunications on mobile applications for next-generation data networks; with NTT DoCoMo of Tokyo to develop wireless portals; and with Ericsson to create end-to-end solutions and services for the wireless Internet.
One of the biggest opportunities is working with network operators and carriers to empower their service platforms with Microsoft’s existing and emerging technologies. The building blocks of .NET will further enhance the types of services we will be able to provide. Microsoft is developing platforms and applications for a variety of mobile handheld devices, including cellular/mobile phones, Pocket PCs and smart phones. These devices will offer both voice and rich data capabilities, including true HTML Web browsing on color displays. Our research in smart cards, location-based services, and speech technologies will also have important applications in the wireless arena.

5 msft
Small Business
A great opportunity exists for Microsoft to help small businesses increase productivity and take advantage of the Internet to connect in new ways with customers, industry partners, and suppliers. Today, small businesses represent nearly 60 percent of the global economy. Yet their investments in software are far smaller per desktop than larger enterprises, even as they are being increasingly impacted by the digital economy.
The emergence of the Internet and .NET services will make technology more accessible and relevant to small businesses than ever before. By providing complete business solutions that include productivity, customer management and collaboration software, as well as technologies to power the specific needs of small-business operations and e-commerce, Microsoft can enable small businesses to better use technology to their business advantage. Over the next four years, technology spending by small businesses is forecast to increase by more than $50 billion. With more than 1 million registered users, bCentralTM, Microsoft’s Web-based small-business portal is already #1 in terms of reach. Over the next year, bCentral will deliver a number of new Web services, as well as launch in five additional countries. We will also be launching a new version of the leading small-business server suite, Small Business Server 2000.
Building the Future Together
In partnership with thousands of other technology companies that share our vision of high- performance, affordable computing, Microsoft has helped build a high-tech industry that is thriving on innovation and competition, and driving growth in the U.S. economy. That is one of the reasons why we believe the appellate courts will rule in Microsoft’s favor in the antitrust lawsuit and uphold the well-established legal precedent that U.S. antitrust law should encourage, not discourage, firms to improve their products rapidly to meet customer needs. We also believe the appellate courts will recognize that the district court’s order to break up Microsoft and impose crippling regulations reached far beyond the facts of the case, and would lead to less innovation, fewer choices and higher prices.
Finally, on the occasion of Microsoft’s 25th anniversary, we would like to take a moment to acknowledge the passionate, smart, dedicated employees who have helped make Microsoft the global leader in software, as well as our millions of shareholders, thousands of business partners, and hundreds of millions of customers around the world who have enabled the company to succeed over the years. The future is filled with amazing possibilities and opportunities, and our passion for improving people’s lives through great software will allow us to contribute even more than in our first 25 years.
  Bill Gates Steven A. Ballmer
Chairman and Chief Software Architect President and Chief Executive Officer

6 msft
 A wide range of .NET experiences will open the door to significant new benefits for consumers and business users, as well as revenue opportunities for Microsoft. These include:
Windows.NET
The next generation of Windows will be designed to put users in control of their digital information through customized applications and services created by Microsoft and a wide range of third- party providers.
MSN.NET
Will enable consumers to create a single digital identity, and use smart services to ensure consistent, seamless and safe access to information, entertainment and people any time, any place and on any device.
Subscription Services
Building on the depth of our experience creating software for personal use, these subscription services will offer many of the benefits of today’s desktop applications with the flexibility, integration and “roaming” support of the new .NET family of user experiences.
Office.NET
Will include a new natural user interface, a new architecture based on smart clients, and services to provide rich functionality and performance and universal collaboration services.
bCentral.NET
Our small-business Web services will be built on .NET infrastructure and be greatly expanded to deliver commerce and collaboration solutions as well as business automation services such as customer lead-tracking.
Visual Studio.NET
An XML-based programming model and rapid application development tool that will enable the easy delivery of highly distributed programmable services running across stand-alone machines, corporate data centers and the Internet.

7 msft
 Microsoft’s lineup of new enterprise server products includes:
Microsoft SQL ServerTM 2000
The newest version of Microsoft’s database and analysis server enables customers to rapidly build scalable e-commerce, line-of-business and data warehousing solutions. SQL Server 2000 is fully Web-enabled, with end-to-end support for XML and a new, integrated data-mining engine.
Microsoft Exchange 2000 Server
The latest version of Microsoft’s messaging and collaboration server, designed to meet the needs of businesses of all sizes, provides a single infrastructure and user model for working with messages, documents and applications to increase knowledge worker productivity.
BizTalkTM Server 2000
BizTalk Server’s document routing, transformation, and tracking infrastructure enables companies to integrate, manage and automate business processes by exchanging business documents, such as purchase orders and invoices, between applications within, or across, organizational boundaries.
Application Center 2000
Application Center 2000 enables organizations to use off-the-shelf PC servers, rather than expensive proprietary hardware, to manage Web applications across multiple servers by simplifying the tasks involved in software scaling, adding new servers, and deploying and managing distributed applications. With software scaling there is no single point of failure, and capacity can be added economically and as needed.
Host Integration Server 2000
The follow-on release to SNA Server extends Windows to other systems by providing application, data, and network integration that enables businesses to preserve their investments in existing mainframe, AS/400 and Unix networks, applications and databases.
Commerce Server 2000
Commerce Server 2000 provides the infrastructure that enables organizations to build an effective online business. User profiling and management, product and service management, transaction processing, and targeted marketing and merchandising are all integrated to create a comprehensive, customizable system.
Internet Security and Acceleration Server 2000
By combining enterprise firewall and high-performance Web cache functions, Microsoft Internet Security and Acceleration Server delivers secure, fast, manageable Internet connectivity.

8 msft
“Microsoft .NET really brings to the Web what we’ve been missing, and that’s the ability to drive greater consistency and simplicity. Compaq’s full range of products and services, coupled with our longstanding relationship with Microsoft, puts us in a unique position to take .NET to market.”
Michael D. Capellas, President and CEO, Compaq Computer Corp.
“Microsoft’s vision for Microsoft .NET is a whole new level of capability, interaction and customization in the user experience – it will really leverage the power of the Internet.”
Michael Dell, CEO, Dell Computer Corp.
“When Qwest looks at leveraging Microsoft .NET, what we have in our minds eye is to change the way people access software, not just from where they are but from the devices they use, from the ease of use, from the ability to write applications in a more efficient way and distribute them more efficiently. I think that has a profound effect on how software is used as an enabling technology. Qwest sees itself helping its clients change the way they do business by helping them understand the power of this new technology.”
Joseph P. Nacchio, Chairman and CEO, Qwest
“Verio shares Microsoft’s vision of .NET, that businesses want to have a complete package that allows them to integrate applications, share data and compete effectively in this new online economy. First, we’ll roll out the Microsoft .NET Passport service. This will allow us to help attract consumers and customers to our business Web sites. In the future, we see a lot of excitement in the collaboration tools, messaging services and commerce services that Microsoft plans to bring to the fold.”
Justin Jaschke, CEO, Verio Inc.
“Andersen Consulting is really excited about Microsoft .NET because this is a big win for our clients. It lets our clients leverage their IT investments. It lets them move to the Web-enabled world. It lets them simplify systems integration so that they can concentrate on what they do best, and that is changing their business to compete in the new economy.”
Joe W. Forehand, Managing Partner & CEO, Andersen Consulting
