FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
> Microsoft continued to perform strongly in 1999. Our customers count on us to provide great software that helps them communicate more effectively, work more productively, learn more creatively, and make the most of their leisure time. We worked hard to meet those needs and to set the standard for features, functionality, simplicity, and
seamless integration with the Internet in all of our products. The result was remarkable growth and record revenue.
In the years ahead, we will see accelerating change in the software industry, as the computing needs of our customers start to move beyond the PC into a “PC-Plus” world. The PC will undoubtedly remain at the heart of computing at home, work, and school, but it will be joined by numerous new intelligent devices and appliances, from handheld computers and auto PCs to Internet-enabled cellular phones. More software will be delivered over the Internet, and the boundary between online services and software products will blur. The Internet will continue to change everything by offering a level of connectivity that was unimaginable only a few years ago — and every home, business, and school will want to be hooked up to that incredible global database.
Microsoft’s vision is to empower people through great software — any time, any place, and on any device. That means helping companies build friction-free knowledge-management systems, so information flows effortlessly through their businesses, and to implement flawless e-commerce operations. It means helping developers create great Web-enabled products for a wide range of devices. It means making PCs simpler and more reliable. It means helping consumers transform the Internet into their own “personal Internet” — a resource that learns from them over time and empowers them with all of the information they need, while protecting their privacy. Everything we do focuses on allowing people and organizations to create and manage their information.
BUILT AROUND YOU
> In a world of increasing technological complexity, one of our primary goals must be to make our products easier and more effective for customers to use. In part, this entails developing simpler interfaces, natural-language processing, and voice control to help hide the underlying complexity from users. We’re working hard to achieve those breakthroughs. But it also means getting closer to our customers and working harder to understand their needs. We must help customers integrate technology by learning about how they work, how information flows through their organization, what they’ll need in the future — and about where we’re succeeding or failing. Customer-centric thinking must permeate everything we do.
Our growth is always forcing us to look at the best way to stay close to our customers and respond to their needs. This year we organized the company so that its structure is customer-based rather than product-based. The leaders of each of Microsoft’s newly defined divisions now have end-to-end management accountability in their respective customer segments. Guided by the company’s overall vision, they have total responsibility for setting a clear mission and priorities for their division, including all product planning and marketing strategies. The divisional leaders also have freedom to form business relationships both inside and outside Microsoft — freedom to work with the parties they need to do the best job for their customers.
Microsoft’s mission has always been to connect customers with the information they need. But today there is more information to connect with than ever before, stored in more places than ever before, and accessible in more ways than ever before. By refocusing totally on offering customers what they want rather than what technology can provide, we will help them succeed in the PC-Plus world. We will also build a solid foundation for Microsoft well into the 21st century.
  
MANAGING KNOWLEDGE
> An organization’s most valuable asset is its knowledge base. It is also the hardest to manage. For the majority of knowledge workers, getting the information they need is still more difficult than it should be. Mostly, it involves creating and distributing paper documents or telephoning and meeting with fellow employees. New digital approaches
enabled by our software will make knowledge workers far more efficient.
With its Web-based collaboration tools, Microsoft® Office 2000 is already a powerful component of a knowledge management solution. In the coming year, we will augment it with several other key initiatives. Windows® 2000 Active DirectoryTM service will simplify administration and make it easier for knowledge workers to find resources throughout their organization. Future versions of Microsoft Exchange will offer both a platform for unified messaging and our Web Store technology, creating a powerful, centralized communications and knowledge management solution. In the future, we plan to introduce document library and search server technology that will help companies leverage their knowledge bases. Because 50% of work is now done in teams — compared with only 20% a decade ago — we have added team productivity features to the BackOffice® family and other products. And to help organizations realize the dream of a paperless office, our ClearType technology offers on-screen resolution and readability that equals or exceeds that of paper.
To help knowledge workers access information more efficiently, we’re also developing what we call a digital dashboard. The digital dashboard is a customized Office 2000 solution that pulls together all of the information that is important to you — regardless of whether it’s on your PC, corporate network, or the Internet — and makes it available in one place. A digital dashboard helps you manage and prioritize messages, tasks, information, meetings — in fact, whatever you want. It also gives you access to all of the analytical tools you need to process your data. And it makes all of this available wherever you are, whether on your handheld computer, PC, or smart telephone. The digital dashboard will bring the concept of empowerment any time, any place, and on any device even closer to reality.
CONNECTING EVERYWHERE
> Microsoft’s fundamental vision for Windows is one of total scalability — from embedded operating systems in smart devices such as thermostats and light switches, through Windows CE on handheld PCs, and Web- enabled telephones, to the largest mission-critical server farms. Windows 2000, SQL ServerTM 7.0, and the next version of Exchange will take our high-end scalability and around-the-clock availability far beyond what was thought possible just five years ago, and we expect to make even greater progress in the years ahead. A key to this is using Windows 2000 breakthrough load- balancing to provide scaling and reliability beyond that of the most expensive systems of the past. Web sites can use Windows to easily add capacity and avoid having a single point of failure. The Windows 2000 load-balancing technology automatically
redirects tasks to the server that is operating under the least load.
A core requirement of knowledge workers is access to their information wherever they are. Our IntelliMirrorTM technology in Windows 2000 will help make that possible, by transparently and automatically backing up and synchronizing your data so that it is available on PCs or intelligent devices.
Your handheld computer, Web-enabled telephone, and PC will synchronize with each other wirelessly and automatically, whether you are in your office or on the road. At Microsoft, some of our employees already use Windows 2000 with a wireless network. When they walk into a meeting room, their laptop is automatically recognized and a “virtual workgroup” of everyone in the room is created. Wireless networks will transform the workplace.
Ubiquitous connectivity will also revolutionize the home, enabling consumers to leverage the power and richness of the PC on any intelligent device, thanks to fast, low-cost wireless networks that will make high-quality audio and video available in every room. For example, our Windows MediaTM audio player downloads music twice as fast as previous formats, has double the storage capacity, and offers powerful anti-piracy protection. We’re also evolving the WebTV NetworkTM service, which today has more than 800,000 subscribers, with on-demand programming, personalized viewing, more Web-enhanced content, great games, and powerful communications for the whole family. We aim to help millions of Americans enjoy the digital lifestyle at home as well as at work with exciting offerings such as the CarPointTM online automotive service, HomeAdvisorTM online real estate service, MoneyCentralTM personal finance service, plus the MSNTM Hotmail Web-based e-mail service, which now has more than 40 million members.
  2

EXPANDING BANDWIDTH
> Microsoft’s vision of empowering people through great software — any time, any place, and on any device — depends on helping consumers and businesses advance from today’s narrow-band world into a broadband future. Even now, the majority of consumers — along with many small and medium-sized businesses — still access the Internet via their regular telephone lines. The result is that the rich world of real-time interactivity remains a dream for most consumers, while many businesses are reluctant to put videoconferencing or multimedia on their networks, because they fear it will crowd out
transaction traffic and other high-priority communications.
Our core strategy here is to make investments that will accelerate the deployment of high-speed broadband networks and to collaborate on the technology that will make interactive services for consumers and businesses run seamlessly across these networks. To that end, we are working with companies that will play a leading role in making broadband Internet and multimedia access widely available. We are enthusiastic about the many technologies that will deliver this, which is why we continue to invest in various infrastructures such as wired and wireless telecommunications, cable, and interactive television. Some of our exciting relationships include AT&T, Nextel Communications, NTL, Rogers Communications, WirelessKnowledge, Concentric Networks, Wink Communications, and more.
THE PC-PLUS ERA
> The enduring popularity of the PC — more than 100 million should be sold worldwide this year — is amazing, but not surprising. In a single, economical package, the PC offers individual students, knowledge workers, and consumers the kind of computing power that was found only in corporate computing departments just a decade ago. Whether you want to communicate, learn, work, or play, the PC can enrich and improve the experience.
In the new millennium, the remarkable power and flexibility of the PC will be available wherever it is needed. The PC-Plus era will be about connectivity, scalability, and simplicity. It will be an era when people are at the center, where technology is a natural extension of the way consumers and businesses think about themselves and their interactions with others. The combination of experience, resources, and research that is unique to Microsoft puts us in a strong position to transform this vision into reality.
We are investing heavily in the future — from world-class customer support to the $3.8 billion we plan to spend in fiscal 2000 on research and development for the products of tomorrow. There is, however, no guarantee of success. Competition continues to intensify, and regulatory pressures are unlikely to ease. Although global PC sales have proved remarkably robust, some slowdown is likely in the coming year. And as Microsoft’s business becomes more complex, the strategic challenges and risks we face grow exponentially.
I remain optimistic, because the new opportunities for great software products are still incredible. I appreciate the unwavering support and trust of our shareholders and customers as Microsoft enters the 21st century.
Bill Gates
   3

MICROSOFT IS BUILT AROUND YOU. MAKING YOUR WORLD WORK BETTER
_ Improving information flow
_ Increasing scalability, reliability, and availability
_ Building an architecture that supports the broadest range of intelligent devices _ Bringing online consumers and businesses together
_ Developing a new generation of consumer-friendly PCs
_ Ensuring power and connectivity any time, any place, and on any device
YOUR BUSINESS HAS A LOT TO TELL YOU.
INTEGRATED SOLUTIONS FOR MANAGING THE INFORMATION OF YOUR ENTERPRISE
_ Office 2000 for developing ideas and sharing knowledge
_ Windows Platforms for reliable, robust, and cost-effective desktop and network operating environments _ Systems Management Server for centralized change and configuration management
_ Exchange Server for complete messaging and enterprise collaboration
_ SQL Server for scalable and reliable database and data-warehousing solutions
_ Site Server Commerce Edition for comprehensive Internet commerce transactions
YOU’RE CONNECTED. INTEGRATED AND EFFECTIVE
Today
_ Office 2000 for increasing integration between the Web and you
_ Excel 2000 featuring new PivotTable® options and more Web-connected capabilities
_ FrontPage 2000 helping you with true collaboration capabilities to create compelling Web pages
Tomorrow
_ Windows 2000 Professional desktop and mobile operating system incorporating simplified user interface
_ Windows 2000 Standard Server for integrating reliable application, Internet and networking services, advanced remote computing, and
security technologies
_ Windows 2000 Advanced Server for building on the Standard Server services, plus higher availability and scalability for demanding
enterprise applications
_ Windows 2000 Datacenter Server for large data warehouses, Internet Service Providers and Web site hosting
BE AT THE HEART OF WHAT MATTERS TO YOU. LET THE INFORMATION FOLLOW YOU
_ MSN network of Internet services is a customizable Internet portal
_ Microsoft Windows CE for pocket PCs and Web phones
_ Microsoft Digital Sound System
_ Internet Explorer 5.0 Web browser software lets you access your information from any place _ Passport automatically fills in only the personal information that you choose to share
_ MapPointTM 2000 business mapping software will make any map you want
WIRELESS AND ONLINE. EXTENDING YOUR REACH
_ Windows CE
_ MSN Mobile Internet portal
_ MSN MoneyCentral
_ MSN Hotmail
_ Microsoft microbrowser for cellular phones and handheld PCs _ Windows 2000 mobile operating system
_ Microsoft Cordless Phone System
_ TVPAK
YOU’RE FREE TO WORK, LIVE, AND PLAY BETTER. EVERYTHING YOU NEED ONLINE
_ WebTV service and MSN Internet access for going online quickly
_ MSN.com for getting stuff done
_ MSNBC.com for up-to-the-minute news from around the globe
_ Encarta® multimedia encyclopedia and Encarta World English Dictionary for finding answers fast _ Expedia.com for travel planning and savings
_ CarPoint for making better informed car-buying decisions _ A better, richer environment for working, living, and playing
4
