 To our stockholders and other friends
 Intelligence EverywhereTM It’s a powerful force that moves our business forward, in
all phases of the economic cycle: Humans have an insatiable need to communicate,
and they want every device they use in their daily life to be made smarter, simpler, safer and synchronized. We are executing the strategy we unveiled a year ago, a company-wide focus on harnessing the power of wireless, broadband and the Internet – a drive to use our unique collective skills to deliver embedded chip, system and end-to-end network solutions for the individual, the workteam, the vehicle and the home.
Motorola’s six business segments all recorded higher sales in 2000, and four of the six had higher operating profit margins. Stockholders, however, saw the value of their investments in Motorola stock decline dramati- cally after reaching an all-time high early in the year. This reflected, in part, the inability of our Personal Communications Sector to meet the expectations of management and of investors and execute its strategy crisply and effectively. Global economic uncertainty and market momentum also affected our stock price,
as it did most technology companies, especially those in telecommunications. Today, we are sharpening our focus on the customer and implementing cost-reduction plans to improve financial performance in a period of slower economic growth.
Financial results Sales from ongoing operations rose 17% in 2000 to $37.6 billion from $32.0 billion in 1999. Including sales from businesses sold in 1999, sales increased 14% from $33.1 billion a year ago. Full-year net earnings from ongoing operations, excluding special items, were $1.9 billion, or 84 cents per share, up 38% from $1.4 billion, or 63 cents per share a year earlier. Including the earnings from businesses sold in 1999, net earnings were up 29% from $1.5 billion, or 67 cents per share a year ago. Including special items and net earnings from businesses sold in 1999, net earnings were $1.3 billion, or 58 cents per share, compared
with $891 million, or 41 cents per share in 1999. The 1999 numbers are restated to reflect the merger with General Instrument Corporation and the 3-for-1 common stock split on June 1, 2000.
 MOTOROLA, INC. 13
 Motorola’s AccompliTM 008 wireless phone features a large touch screen display, intuitive user interface and high-speed Internet access through GPRS and WAP capability. Handwriting recognition offers users the chance to converse easily in eight languages.

  Motorola reported special items resulting in a net charge of $481 million, including net special charges
of $770 million in the Personal Communications Sector (PCS) relating to the discontinuation of older wireless telephone products as part of an ongoing product portfolio simplification strategy and the downsizing of vari- ous manufacturing operations. These items reflect some of the actions that are necessary to improve PCS financial performance. Having anticipated a softening in economic activity, we began implementing cost reduc- tions in the third and fourth quarters of 2000, and we are taking additional actions in 2001. These actions have been designed to adjust our costs to softening global market conditions and, as the market recovers, to restore the trend of improved profitability that we had achieved over the last two years.
Sharpening customer focus, improving profitability At the beginning of 2001, we announced a new organiza- tional structure to intensify customer satisfaction and improve profitability.
The newly formed Global Customer Solutions Operations (GCSO) strengthens our market position by ensuring delivery of complete customer solutions. Joseph M. Guglielmi, formerly president of the Integrated Electronic Systems Sector, is president of the new organization. GCSO is designed to reposition Motorola as the leader in customer care by directing software and content strategies, systems integration, customer support and service, marketing and branding strategies, and regional operations.
The Communications Enterprise has been phased out. The Personal Communications Sector now reports directly to the Office of the Chairman. Mike S. Zafirovski is president of the sector. He joined Motorola in June 2000 from General Electric Co., where he had most recently been president of GE Lighting. The new Networks Sector includes the Broadband Communications Sector (BCS), the Commercial, Government and Industrial Solutions Sector (CGISS), and the Global Telecom Solutions Sector (GTSS). President of the new organization is Edward D. Breen, who was chairman, president and chief executive officer of General Instrument Corporation until its merger with Motorola in January 2000. The Networks Sector also reports to the Office of the Chairman.
The Personal Communications Sector is going through a series of major transitions to improve its market share and financial performance. While sales increased 11% in 2000, the wireless phone industry grew more rapidly. Operating profit margins declined to a disappointing 3%. (All comparisons are from ongoing operations, excluding special items.) PCS canceled 44 products in 2000 as it began discontinuing analog phone and
 14 MOTOROLA, INC.
The DCT2000 digital set-top terminal is the gateway for a wealth of new interactive services such as video-on-demand, Internet access, e-mail and home shopping.

  With Motorola’s V SeriesTM model V100 personal interactive communicator, users can select the way they want to communicate – whether it’s through a phone call or a text message.
 
 The Motorola i2000TM world phone allows users to make and receive calls from more than 70 countries, making it the ultimate communications tool for the jet-setting executive.
  first-generation digital products. It also took a number of significant cost-reduction actions and entered into agreements to outsource a portion of Motorola’s cellular phone and two-way pager production. PCS began the transition of its low-tier wireless telephones to platform products and is continuing that transition in mid- and high-tier products in 2001. This enables it to better leverage technical resources and maximize manufacturing and supply-chain efficiencies. As a result, it can introduce products more quickly with greater reuse of compo- nents and software – key elements in our cost-reduction strategy.
At the same time, the PCS leadership talent has been strengthened significantly with external hires and internal promotions. PCS is also improving customer relationships through dedicated, cross-functional account management teams. It is also introducing exciting new products with appealing designs and improved user interfaces. Motorola is the leader in shipping wireless telephones with General Packet Radio Service (GPRS).
It provides high-speed access to Internet-based content through a handheld device in Global System for Mobile (GSM) Communications systems.
The Global Telecom Solutions Sector is supplying the next generation of wireless infrastructure systems
as well as expansions of current systems. Sales grew 19% in 2000, while operating profit margins improved
to 13% of sales. GTSS supplied the world’s first four GPRS commercial networks. GPRS is a transitional, or 2.5G, step to third-generation (3G) systems. The sector also has enabled network operators in North America
to offer packet data services using iDEN ® technology, and in Japan, it has supplied nationwide voice and data networks using CDMA IS-95B. GTSS also announced 3G contracts with several customers throughout the world.
The Broadband Communications Sector was formed after completion of the merger with General Instrument
in January 2000. Its sales in 2000 grew 35%, and operating profit margins improved to 16%. BCS is the leading end-to-end solutions provider to the broadband access market, with cable modems, telephony home gateways, hybrid-fiber coaxial network systems and digital set-top terminals. Besides decoding digital cable programming, these terminals also enable advanced TV services like video-on-demand, e-mail and home shopping. The intelligent home of the future could have multiple TVs, phones and personal computers offering high-speed Internet access, telephony services and advanced interactive video simultaneously, all connected to home gateways from Motorola.
 16 MOTOROLA, INC.
The Motorola V SeriesTM phone, model 60c combines form and function. Intuitive technology, from voice activation to Web browsing, makes it easy to use.

   BCS shipped more than 6 million digital set-top terminals in 2000, almost twice as many as in 1999. About 3 million cable modems were shipped in 2000, nearly tripling the volume from a year ago. The greatest growth potential is outside the United States, where cable penetration is lower and growing rapidly. Motorola is a leader in the emerging market for packet-based cable telephony. BCS has been selected by AT&T as its initial provider of Voice over Internet Protocol technology.
The Commercial, Government and Industrial Solutions Sector provides mission-critical and enterprise com- munication solutions for workteams in market segments where Motorola has always been strong – from public safety and government to transportation and commercial enterprises. Sales rose 14% in 2000, and operating margins improved to 11%. Solutions from CGISS satisfy unique needs for immediate access to information, one-to-many and group communications, customized coverage areas and call connection at the press of a button. Motorola’s digital technology is based on industry and user-driven standards and has been used to connect areas and workgroups spanning an entire country.
The Semiconductor Products Sector (SPS) provides embedded chip-level solutions, while the Integrated Electronic Systems Sector (IESS) focuses on embedded system-level solutions.
SPS sales from ongoing operations grew 22% in 2000, and operating profit margins improved to 8%. Semiconductor industry sales rose 37% in 2000 but peaked in the third quarter and have slowed considerably. The slowdown is being driven primarily by customers’ excess inventories coupled with the slowing economy. SPS has implemented cost-reduction plans to reflect this slower-growth environment.
SPS continues to invest in advanced technologies required for future growth and profitability. It is developing feature-rich, low-cost platforms for 2.5G and 3G products. Motorola’s agreement to license the microprocessor architecture from ARM Ltd. is designed to drive our sales in the wireless market. SPS is the world leader in communication processors, vital to the networking and Internet space, and the acquisition of C-Port Corporation
is enabling SPS to expand that leadership to networking processors. In the transportation segment, the semi- conductor content per vehicle is growing, but weaker automotive sales in North America have slowed growth.
In home networking, the sector’s StreamasterTM broadband multimedia gateway solution, which uses digital sub- scriber line (DSL) technology, achieved numerous design wins.
 MOTOROLA, INC. 17
Police officers can transmit photographs of missing children from their vehicles to a central dispatch center, demonstrating the powerful way integrated information and communications solutions are transforming the work of public service agencies.

   Christopher B. Galvin
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (right)
Robert L. Growney
President and Chief Operating Officer (left)
IESS focuses on automotive electronic subsystems, embedded high-availability board-level computer systems and portable energy systems. Sales increased 16% in 2000, while operating profit margin declined to 7%. IESS is investing heavily in Telematics, which began as an automotive safety and security offering and is rapidly evolv- ing into the fundamental way to seamlessly connect the vehicle to the rest of the world. Motorola has shipped more than 1.5 million Telematics framework components since January 1999. Telematics can encompass services ranging from voice portal Internet access to navigation. The sector’s Computer Group is a leader in the embedded solutions telecom market segment. Its family of products provides manufacturers with high-reliability, fault-tolerant systems for their customers who need continuous access, day or night.
Outlook Despite a sharp slowdown in the growth of the overall economy that began in the latter part of 2000, we expect demand for wireless, broadband, and workgroup equipment and services to grow as individuals con- tinue to be attracted to broadband’s triple play of voice, data and multimedia and the convenience of portable communication products. Growth in embedded devices has slowed in most segments, but we believe the demand for embedded systems that make our customers’ products simpler, safer, smarter and more synchro- nized will remain strong in the long term. Business customers are assessing the recent changes in global debt markets and capital availability as they determine their near-term capital investment plans. The level of busi- ness activity for companies like Motorola over the next year will be determined largely by the success of further change in fiscal, monetary and regulatory policy worldwide. We are still in the early phase of this change in the economic cycle. Therefore, its pace and direction is not firmly predictable. Motorola has managed successfully through economic cycles in every decade since its founding in 1928. We remain more enthusiastic than ever about the benefits to society and our stockholders of wireless, broadband, Internet and embedded solutions tailored for the person, workteam, home and automobile.
  Christopher B. Galvin
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Robert L. Growney
President and
Chief Operating Officer
 18 MOTOROLA, INC.
