2
TO OUR
STOCKHOLDERS
AND OTHER FRIENDS
When we began 1998, we had established plans
to continue our progress from 1997 in upgrading Motorola’s delivery of digital products and net- works, refining the company’s portfolio of businesses and improving its overall profitability. Regrettably, the impact
of the Asian currency crisis on our pricing and resulting lack of profitability moved us from a year of planned changes to the need to engage a major global corporation turnaround. As its leadership, we took dramatic and decisive action in order to regain our credibility with our customers and our shareholders. Motorola now has new organization struc- tures that serve markets with solutions, new leadership, new strategy, new culture and a relentless focus on per- formance excellence, which has been welcomed by our customers, consumers and the investing public.
In the summer, we announced comprehensive manufactur- ing consolidation, cost reduction and restructuring programs. We realigned our communications businesses into a single market-focused entity, the Communications Enterprise, to provide our customers with integrated communications solu- tions. We continued the renewal of businesses that provide embedded electronic solutions – the Semiconductor Products Sector and the Integrated Electronic Systems Sector.
By the end of the year, we enhanced our portfolio
of digital cellular telephones and improved the network stability of our cellular infrastructure system offerings. We continue to make timely progress on creating integrated
customer solutions. We believe the measures we have taken can restore Motorola as a premier investment. As we liberate the power of technology, we seek to bring prosperity to customers, stockholders and partners, and to improve the lives of consumers.
FINANCIAL RESULTS Sales in 1998 were $29.4 bil- lion, down 1% from $29.8 billion in 1997. The decline is attributable to lost sales from various non-strategic and poorly performing businesses that we decided to exit. The full-year loss, including special charges, was $962 million, or $1.61 per share, compared with earnings of $1.18 billion, or $1.94 per share, in 1997. The 1998 loss includes special charges of $1.9 billion pre-tax, or $2.19 per share after-tax, resulting primarily from manufacturing consolidation, cost reduction and restructuring programs. The 1997 earnings also include special charges against pre-tax earnings of $306 million, or 32 cents a share after tax, resulting prima- rily from restructuring decisions to exit several unprofitable businesses that no longer had strategic value to the company. Detailed results appear in the 1999 Proxy Statement, as well as on the Internet at www.motorola.com/investor.
The renewal programs announced in June generated more than $300 million of continuing profit improvement in the second half of 1998. We now think the programs may achieve an annualized rate of $1 billion of profit improvement by mid-1999, well above the original goal of $750 million.

     Christopher B. Galvin Chief Executive Officer
MANAGEMENT TRANSITION In February 1999, Motorola’s Board of Directors elected Chris Galvin chairman of the Board, effective June 1, 1999, in addition to his responsibilities as chief executive officer. Gary L. Tooker, the present chairman, reconfirmed his intention to retire at age 60. He will serve as vice chairman of the Board from June 1 through the end of 1999, to assist with the chairman’s transition issues. Gary will retire as an officer and employee of the company at the end of 1999 and remain as a member of the Board of Directors. Bob Growney will continue as presi- dent and chief operating officer. Gary has served Motorola with an extraordinary work ethic and loyalty over the last 37 years. We appreciate his many leadership contributions, especially in building our semiconductor business and advancing Motorola’s position as a global corporation.
THE FUTURE Factors beyond our control, such as eco- nomic uncertainty in parts of Asia and Latin America, may continue to affect our worldwide businesses. At the same
Robert L. Growney
President and Chief Operating Officer
time, underlying demand remains strong for wireless communications and is beginning to improve in embedded solutions. Motorola’s transition to a leaner, more respon- sive consumer-, customer- and market-focused organization is designed to return the corporation to substantially improved profitability and sales growth. We expect continued market share gains from our new and expanding portfolio of digital cellular telephones. Motorola is focused on performance improvement and continuing change management, which is intended to please our customers, consumers and stockholders worldwide.
Christopher B. Galvin Chief Executive Officer
Robert L. Growney
President and Chief Operating Officer
  3
