 7JAN201013065306 March 2010 Dear Fellow Shareholders:
In 2009, we navigated through very challenging global economic conditions. We focused on our customers, developed innovative products and solutions, increased total cash to more than
$8 billion, and reduced our cost structure by $1.9 billion. In Mobile Devices, we substantially reduced our operating loss. In Enterprise Mobility Solutions and Home and Networks Mobility, we maintained market leadership and delivered solid operating profitability.
In February 2010, we provided an update on our plans to pursue the creation of two independent, publicly traded companies. We expect to complete the separation in the first quarter of 2011, with one company comprised of our Mobile Devices and Home businesses and the other company comprised of our Enterprise Mobility Solutions and Networks businesses. We believe that the separation will best position each business to successfully pursue its respective strategies and opportunities for growth.
Business review
2009 was a year of significant progress for our Mobile Devices business. Execution of our smartphone strategy showed tangible results with the launch of CLIQTM/DEXTTM with MOTOBLURTM and DROID by Motorola/MILESTONETM, our first Android-based smartphones. During the year, Mobile Devices significantly reduced its cost structure and sharpened its focus in priority markets. With plans to further expand our portfolio of smartphones in 2010, we are well positioned to address the fastest growing segment of the handset market.
Our Enterprise Mobility Solutions business is a substantial franchise with leadership positions in many business and mission-critical communications markets. In 2009, our research and development continued to focus on delivering innovative products and solutions, such as our industry-leading APXTM two-way radio communications systems. We believe that our comprehensive product portfolio and market leadership make our Enterprise Mobility Solutions business well positioned for profitable growth as market conditions improve.
In Home and Networks Mobility, we remained the world’s leading provider of digital entertainment devices in 2009 and shipped our 100 millionth digital entertainment device. We prioritized our research and development to deliver innovative video solutions for both consumers and operators and, through our acquisition activity, enhanced our portfolio with leading video-on-demand and digital security solutions. We also continued to invest in WiMAX and LTE, 4G wireless broadband solutions that deliver higher bandwidth speeds and enable richer mobile experiences.
 continued –

Looking ahead
 In 2010, we believe that improving market conditions and customer demand, as well as the continued convergence of mobility, computing, communications and the Internet, will provide the foundation for renewed growth. As two separate companies, we have the opportunity to strengthen our leadership positions for both companies in their respective markets. They will operate in attractive and growing industries and offer solutions that solve consumer needs, improve security, increase productivity and enable an increasingly mobile world.
As we prepare for separation, we will continue to focus on:
• Customers—Our customers depend on Motorola as an innovative partner that anticipates emerging trends and collaborates on technology roadmaps. We will continue to listen to our customers and create solutions that help them succeed.
• Innovation—We will differentiate our products through innovation and experiences. Our unique combination of technology, design and functionality create high-value, end-to-end solutions for our customers. We will take a leadership role in emerging consumer and enterprise demand trends and technology transitions through prioritized investments and an uncompromising commitment to quality.
• Brand—Motorola enjoys one of the most recognized brands in the world. We will continue to expand our brand strength across all of our businesses.
• Corporate responsibility—We believe that doing business and doing the right thing are not mutually exclusive for responsible global companies. We will continue to demonstrate our corporate responsibility by investing in our communities as well as reducing our environmental impact.
• People—We remember that people are at the heart of everything we do—from the incredibly innovative and dedicated Motorola team to the end users and consumers that we serve. We will continue to advance the way the world connects by focusing on the value we provide to people around the world.
We are excited about the opportunity ahead of us and look forward to providing a path for improved financial results and increased long-term shareholder value.
Regards,
    7JAN201013025805
Greg Brown
Co-CEO, Motorola, Inc.
CEO, Enterprise Mobility Solutions
7JAN201013030770
Sanjay Jha
Co-CEO, Motorola, Inc. CEO, Mobile Devices
7JAN201012570420 and Home business
7JAN201012561341 and Networks business
