TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS AND OTHER FRIENDS,
In the second half of 2002, we returned Motorola to profitability. We turned our earnings performance around in the face of declining sales and started building earnings momentum well ahead of top-line growth. Motorola exceeded the vast majority of the financial metrics we set out to achieve in this middle phase of our turnaround in 2002.
Gross margins were up. Overhead was down. Operating margins were up. Positive operating cash flow was generated. Debt shrunk.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
Sales decreased to $26.7 billion compared with $29.9 billion in 2001. In accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) we incurred a net loss of $2.5 billion, compared with a net loss of $3.9 billion the prior year. The loss per share was $(1.09) compared to a loss per share of $(1.78) in 2001.
Included in the loss for both 2002 and 2001 were special items related largely to: > Restructuring to lower costs and improve productivity; and
> Asset revaluations required by GAAP because of declining values.
Special items resulted in a net charge of $2.8 billion after tax in 2002 and $3.3 billion after tax in 2001. Excluding special items, the company had net earnings of $314 million, or $0.14 per share, in 2002 versus a net loss of $697 million, or $(0.31) per share, in 2001.
We compiled these results by focusing on our own ability to execute even as we encountered a difficult economy and a continuing steep decline in most of the high-tech markets we serve. While moving aggressively to restore profitability and growth, we were – and are – always insistent on living up to our 74-year-old reputation for being a highly principled and ethical global corporation.
A reconciliation of our non-GAAP measurements to our GAAP financial data can be found on pages 27-30. Full GAAP financial data can be found in the Proxy Statement.
THE FIVE-POINT PLAN
The five-point plan introduced in 2001 has served us well by helping us focus on critical priorities to drive profitable growth:
1. To aggressively focus on the balance sheet.
2. To lower our break-even sales level by reducing SG&A and manufacturing costs.
3. To continually strengthen our management team.
4. To pursue growth through innovative products, software applications and customer relationships. 5. To constantly evaluate our strategic options and business portfolio.
1. Focusing on the Balance Sheet
The numbers tell the story. We have delivered positive operating cash flow for eight quarters in a row, generating $1.3 billion in 2002 and $2.0 billion in 2001. We reduced net accounts receivable to $4.4 billion from $4.6 billion. We reduced net debt to $2.3 billion from $3.1 billion. We reduced our ratio of net debt to net debt plus equity to 16.7% in the fourth quarter of 2002 from 18.4% in the fourth quarter of 2001.
At year end, we were holding more than $6.5 billion in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments worldwide. We held $4.2 billion of that total in the United States, after moving approximately $3.0 billion from overseas to U.S. accounts during the year.
Intelligence EverywhereTM 17

2. Lowering the Break-Even Sales Level
Again, the numbers speak for themselves. We continued to reduce our break-even sales level during 2002 and have achieved a 25% reduction since the start of our restructuring in the latter part of 2000. We expect to further lower the break-even sales level of the corporation during 2003.
3. Strengthening the Management Team
We continued to bring in new talent as well as promote internal Motorola talent in 2002. From the very beginning of the year to its end, 12 of the 18 senior leadership team members were new in their roles. At the same time, we retained 97% of our 200 most effective executives. We completed a rigorous ranking of 1,200 executives as part of our new Leadership Supply process, which is designed to ensure that we can locate – internally or externally – talented, trained, respected and motivated people always ready to accept new assignments.
During the year, our Leadership Supply process ensured quick and effective transitions in the naming of a new president and chief operating officer, a new chief financial officer and four business sector presidents. Among them were three new Motorolans:
> David Devonshire, executive vice president and chief financial officer – formerly CFO at Owens-Corning and Ingersoll-Rand Company.
> Greg Brown, executive vice president of Motorola and president and CEO of our Commercial, Government and Industrial Solutions Sector – formerly chairman and CEO of Micromuse Inc., a leading provider of service and business assurance software.
> Dennis Carey, executive vice president of Motorola and president and CEO of our Integrated Electronic Systems Sector – formerly executive vice president of business development, strategy and corporate operations at The Home Depot, Inc.
4. Pursuing Growth
We invested $3.8 billion in research and development in 2002. This investment is funding ongoing innovation in the new products and software applications that are continuing to build a global society and drive the company’s future growth.
5. Evaluating Strategic Options and Portfolio
Over the past two years, we acquired six businesses, divested six businesses and made investments in more than 40 other companies. These actions demonstrate that we are divesting businesses that are no longer key to our strategies. At the same time, we are strategically acquiring companies and investing in technology partners.
As we entered 2003, we revised the five-point plan to reflect what we learned in 2002. Our focus in 2003 will be:
1. To persistently enhance the management team and work environment.
2. To aggressively focus on strengthening the balance sheet and generating cash. 3. To relentlessly pursue cost competitiveness, quality and customer satisfaction. 4. To pursue growth through profitable innovative products, systems, software and
customer relationships.
5. To continuously reassess and improve our business strategies and portfolio.
18 Motorola,Inc.

RETURNING TO GROWTH
We expect to grow the way we did prior to the artificially inflated growth that resulted from the telecom and dot-com booms in the late 1990s and the period of decline that followed in 2001 and 2002: steadily, rationally, with real products serving real needs in real marketplaces. We believe our markets will return to solid, steady growth.
We are No. 1 or No. 2 in market share in most of the markets we serve. Within those markets, our customers already include nine of the top cable service providers worldwide, 17 of the top 18 wireless service providers worldwide, seven of the top 10 automakers worldwide, a significant majority of the largest public safety agencies worldwide and 10 of the top 11 manufacturers of communications network equipment.
In 2002, we were No. 2 in wireless handsets; No. 1 in semiconductors for the wireless communi- cations market, the transportation market and the networking communications market; No. 1 in two-way radio solutions for commercial, governmental and industrial markets; No. 1 in both digital broadband set-top terminals and cable modems; and No.1 in integrated electronic systems for Telematics, an automotive market technology that enables automated roadside assistance, navigation and advanced safety features.
With these market-leading positions and our customer relationships, we will grow.
We expect modest growth of approximately 3% in 2003. Beyond this we anticipate growth rates to improve as the world stabilizes and our strategies take hold.
BALDRIGE REDUX
In 1987, the U.S. Congress established the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award to promote and recognize excellence in business. Motorola was an inaugural winner of the award in 1988. In 2002, our Commercial, Government and Industrial Solutions Sector – our Homeland Security business – won the award.
The sector was assessed in seven categories: leadership, strategic planning, customer and market focus, information and analysis, human resources focus, process management and business results. This achievement pays tribute to our employees; it demonstrates a solid commitment to our
customers; and it evidences our ability to help customers effectively address Homeland Security needs around the world.
TRANSITIONS
We welcomed two new independent members to our board of directors in 2002: Sandy Warner, former chairman of J. P. Morgan Chase & Co., and Indra Nooyi, president and chief financial officer of PepsiCo, Inc.
Sandy led the transformation of J .P. Morgan into a fully integrated investment bank and then guided the creation of one of the largest financial services firms in the United States with the 2001 merger of J.P.MorganandChaseManhattan.
Intelligence EverywhereTM 19

Indra ranked No. 4 in Fortune magazine’s 50 most powerful women in business for 2002 – reflecting her significant role in PepsiCo’s strategic transformation. Indra worked in our automotive division from1986to1988,servedasvicepresidentanddirectorofMotorola’scorporatestrategyandplanning from 1988 to 1990, and worked for Asea Brown Boveri as senior vice president of corporate strategy and strategic marketing before joining PepsiCo.
MILESTONE
In 2003 we are celebrating the 75th anniversary of the founding of Motorola. In 1928 we incorporated with $565 in cash, $750 in tools and a design for our first product. We enter our 75th year as a technology leader helping to build a global society unimagined by our founders, guided by high ethics and principles and executing a forward-looking plan to help us outperform our competitors, generate profit and cash, and drive growth. Our five-point plan for building shareholder value was conceived and launched in a time of serious challenge. Yet it is simply about our historic strengths. It is about quality management, a strong balance sheet, a low cost structure, steady growth and constant evaluation of strategic options. That’s our formula for building shareholder value; it’s what we do every day.
CHRISTOPHER B. GALVIN MIKE S. ZAFIROVSKI
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer
   20 Motorola,Inc.
