April 2008

Fellow Shareholder, Motorola has a strong global brand, talented people and a proven record of creating disruptive technologies and innovative products that advance the way the world connects. We help meet the needs of consumers, businesses and governments around the world. As we enter Motorola's 80th year, my goal as the new CEO is to build on our strong foundation, to renew and strengthen the company and to create increased value for our shareholders. To achieve this, we are committed to growing the value of our businesses, being our customers' most valued partner, and creating a winning culture focused on execution. Looking ahead, we will continue to implement our strategic plans and pursue opportunities for increased profitability across all of our businesses while never losing sight of our customers, quality and innovation. 2007 Overview During 2007, our Mobile Devices business faced significant challenges. We recognize these challenges and have worked hard to accelerate the business' recovery. We are committed to improving our operational and financial performance in Mobile Devices and have already taken steps in that direction. While our product portfolio enhancement efforts are underway, they will take more time to complete. During this transition, we will maintain a significant focus on cost, cash and driving profitability improvement. As for Home & Networks Mobility and Enterprise Mobility Solutions, each of these businesses delivered solid results, finished with strong momentum and maintained category leadership positions in growing markets. In Home & Networks Mobility, we are focused on both delivering personalized media experiences to consumers at home and on-the-go and enabling service providers to operate their networks more efficiently and profitably. Our investments in the home enable us to continue capitalizing on strong underlying demand for high-definition and video-on-demand services, as well as the convergence of services and applications across delivery platforms. Our Enterprise Mobility Solutions business delivers exciting new technologies to an expanding mobile workforce and provides an innovative product offering to government and public safety customers. In 2007, we successfully completed the integration of Symbol Technologies, which has enabled us to help our enterprise customers reduce costs, increase worker productivity and enhance their mobility experience. Our mission-critical communications solutions continue to address top-priority homeland security and public safety concerns for customers around the world. Additionally, we remain focused on our environmental footprint and supporting our communities as a responsible corporate citizen. We also encourage employees to volunteer in the community and conducted our second annual global day of service, during which over 11,000 employees gave their time, talent and energy to 300 non-profit organizations in 47 countries.
continued ­

2008 Outlook On March 26, 2008, we announced the commencement of a process to create two independent, publicly traded companies: one comprised of our Mobile Devices business and the other, Broadband & Mobility Solutions, which includes Motorola's Enterprise Mobility, Government and Public Safety, and Home and Networks businesses. Creating two industry-leading companies will provide improved flexibility, more tailored capital structures, and increased management focus -- as well as more targeted investment opportunities for you, our stockholders. Our management team and Board of Directors, together with independent advisors, have been reviewing opportunities to enhance stockholder value for quite a while. This decision followed our January 31, 2008 announcement to evaluate the structural and strategic realignment of our businesses. Based on current plans, the creation of the two stand-alone businesses is expected to take the form of a tax-free distribution to Motorola's shareholders, subject to further financial, tax and legal analysis, resulting in shareholders holding shares of two independent and publicly traded companies. We expect that this separation, if consummated, would take place in 2009. I am confident that through the innovation of our people, combined with dedication to our customers and shareholders, we can provide a path for growth and improved profitability and position Motorola for future success.

Greg Brown President and Chief Executive Officer Motorola, Inc.

