 iv
MESSAGE TO STOCKHOLDERS

Ahealthy combination of strong credit quality and success in containing expenses helped M&T Bank Corporation realize a 12% rise in diluted earnings per share and 8% in net income.
Diluted earnings per share were $6.73 in 2005 and net income was $782 million. The figures for 2004 were $6.00 per share and $723 million.
A number of our key performance ratios improved as well. Return on average total assets grew to 1.44% last year from 1.40% in 2004. The return on average common stockholders’ equity climbed at a greater pace, improving to 13.49% from 12.67%.
As has been our consistent practice for many years, we also provide supplemental reporting of earnings on a “net operating” or “tangible” basis in order to help investors understand the effect of merger activity in M&T’s financial results. Net operating results reported by M&T exclude the after-tax impact of amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets and, in quarters following significant acquisitions, the impact of merger-related expenses. When calculating returns on average tangible assets and average tangible equity, assets and equity measured in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) are reduced by the average carrying values of goodwill, core deposit and other intangible assets, and applicable deferred tax balances.
Reconciliations of GAAP-basis net income and net operating income, average total assets and average tangible assets, and average total stockholders’ equity and average tangible stockholders’ equity are included in the accompanying Form 10-K.
In 2005 M&T realized a 10% year-over-year increase in diluted net operating earnings per share. That measure of operating performance rose to $7.03, compared with $6.38 in 2004.
Last year’s net operating income in total amount was $817 million, 6%
more than 2004’s $769 million. Net operating income in 2005 expressed as a rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible stockholders’ equity was 1.60% and 29.06%, respectively. In 2004 those return rates were 1.59% and 28.76%.
It would be understatement to say simply that last year’s improved results were posted amidst a challenging economic environment for banks. The year past saw the Federal Reserve raise its short-term benchmark interest rate eight times. Those increases raised the costs of our funding sources more rapidly than they allowed us to improve yields on earning assets. This, in turn, contributed to an
11 basis point (hundredths of one percent) reduction of M&T’s net interest margin, or the ratio of taxable-equivalent net interest income to average earning assets.
Last year’s ratio was 3.77%. In 2004 it had been 3.88%.
v

vi
Despite the squeeze on the net interest margin, taxable-equivalent net interest income in dollar terms rose 3% last year to $1.81 billion from $1.75 billion in 2004. That modest improvement reflected growth in earning assets. They increased from an average total of $45.2 billion in 2004 to an average $48.1 billion in 2005. About four-fifths of that growth came in loans, which were up $2.4 billion to $39.5 billion.
Revenues earned from noninterest sources also grew modestly. However, the pattern of year-to-year change among the total was mixed. Revenue improvements came from mortgage banking, trading account and several other miscellaneous activities. The remaining categories were little changed from 2004, with the notable exception of gains and losses on bank investment securities. That category is not usually a significant positive or negative contributor to M&T’s financial results. Last year, however, was an exception so a bit of explanation is necessary.
Net investment securities losses were $28 million in 2005. That figure
reflects a $29 million charge related to $133 million of variable-rate preferred stock issuances of the Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home
Loan Mortgage Corporation that we acquired between April, 1996 and May, 2001. Although the securities are still rated as investment grade and we continue to hold them in our investment portfolio, we wrote them down in last year’s third quarter in light of the lengthy period of time that the market value of such securities had been depressed and the ongoing, highly-publicized financial reporting problems faced by those government sponsored entities. Although these particular securities in our portfolio regained about $2 million of value between the end of the third quarter and December 31, 2005, it remains difficult to see a complete recovery of value in the near-term future. The accounting profession refers to a situation such as this as other-than-temporary impairment. We took this other-than-temporary impairment charge in accordance with the requirements of GAAP.
Credit performance improved again last year. Significantly, net charge-offs
of loans – that is, the dollar amount by which loans charged-off exceeded amounts recovered on loans previously charged-off – declined 6% to $77 million from $82 million a year earlier. Those net charge-offs were less than one-fifth of one percent (.19% to be exact) of average loans outstanding in 2005, compared with .22% in 2004.
The statistics on nonperforming loans improved as well. At 2005’s end, loans and leases net of unearned discount totaled $40.3 billion and nonperforming loans amounted to $156 million, or .39% of the total. A year earlier, net loans and leases were $38.4 billion and $172 million, or .45% of that total, were nonperforming.

Considering these and other credit-related factors, our 2005 provision for credit losses was $88 million; in 2004 we provided $95 million. The allowance for credit losses amounted to $638 million at last year’s end, equal to 1.58% of loans outstanding. A year earlier it was $627 million, equal to 1.63% of loans outstanding at that date.
Later sections of this report include a detailed update on the five projects we undertook a little over a year ago to improve efficiency at M&T. Although there is still work to do, our efforts so far to contain operating expenses by maintaining a positive spread between the growth rate of revenues and that of expenses have been very successful. Our operating expenses – which exclude charges for amortization of intangible assets – were little changed year-over-year, totaling $1.4 billion in each of 2005 and 2004. That is not to say that we did not make appropriate investments in our various businesses in 2005, or that we neglected to spend what was necessary
to maintain – and in many cases enhance – our internal controls and other compliance functions. We did, indeed, increase spending where revenues were growing or were projected to grow and we did make improvements to what was already a robust system of internal controls and processes. It is fair to say that increased spending in these areas was funded by the expense saves and other initiatives identified by the cadre of hard-working employees serving on the five project teams. Our success in containing expense growth was reflected in our efficiency ratio – that is, the ratio of noninterest operating expenses (as described above) to the sum of taxable-equivalent net interest income and noninterest income (exclusive of securities transactions). That ratio, which is a measure used to gauge how much of our revenues are used
to pay for operating expenses, improved to 51.2% in 2005. It was 53.5% in 2004.
This has been a year of change at the top at M&T, more about which follows below. That occasion makes it worth stressing the fact that the company’s growth and success has not been built on the insights or efforts of any one individual. Rather, it has been led by a management team which has been notable for its overall stability. Of the 15 members of M&T’s senior management group – created in 1983 and the locus of strategic planning in the company – more than half have held their management group positions for more than five years. Moreover, on average, management group members have been with M&T for 16 years. It is no coincidence that of the seven members of the senior management group who have joined it since 2002, all but one was promoted from within the company. This
vii

viii
should not be understood as a reward for past service but, rather, as a reflection
of the premium we place on a deep understanding of our system and its values – and the confidence we have in the quality of management at all levels from throughout the firm. Put another way, ours is a company with a “deep bench”, one which helps to ensure smooth transitions of leadership.
But a discussion of the long tenure of the company’s management team understates M&T’s far deeper stability – a stability which rests on a widely-shared corporate culture. Fundamental to that culture are the committed and capable veteran employees to be found in every part of the bank. They are the ones who have made it possible for us to undertake new initiatives with the confidence that we can see them through. They are the people who have made our acquisitions proceed successfully. They are, in other words, the foundation on which we build. We well understand that, if we are to be successful, it will only be because of the experience, enthusiasm and commitment of employees at all levels of the company.
Which is not to say, however, that we do not look outside when we seek skills, at any position, which we do not find internally. A strong corporate culture does not imply an insular one. Continuity must be complemented by renewal. Thus, we have long emphasized the importance of recruiting and nurturing top talent and entrusting promising managers with increasing levels of responsibility. Indeed, one of M&T’s hallmarks has been our commitment to extensive external recruitment and subsequent internal training programs for prospective senior managers and top executives.
Over the past decade, we have spent some $34 million on professional recruitment and relocation services. We have also developed a wide array of training programs. The Executive Associate program attracts MBA graduates from leading universities for immediate high-level assignments; the Management and Sales Development Programs prepare recent college graduates for frontline management and sales positions. There are over 400 of these individuals currently contributing to the bank.
It would be both false modesty and unrealistic to say that leadership at the very top has not mattered at M&T. But it would be just as wrong – indeed, a great deal farther from the truth-to say that it is all that’s mattered. The leadership of this company has sought to focus on major strategic decisions, while trusting employees to implement – and then getting out of their way. This is an approach we will continue to follow.

THE FIVE PROJECTS
Last year in this space, we offered a description of five key projects which the company was undertaking. They reflected our effort to realize new efficiencies in the wake of our acquisitions and growth. This is to report on the progress we have made on those projects.
First, a reminder about the central importance of this work to M&T.
What we refer to as the “five projects” were conceived in light of our reckoning that we faced a troubling trend. Notwithstanding our historic efficiency, we projected, in 2004, that, unchecked, our overall costs would increase at a faster rate than our revenue. This led us to designate company-wide teams to undertake projects examining a wide range of matters: our procurement practices, operational infrastructure, organizational structure, the potential for revenue enhancement through cross-selling and consolidation of our lending processes.
This past year, as noted above, we have again realized double-digit growth in earnings per share. We were significantly aided in reaching this goal by the work of the five project teams. Their impact was reflected in the fact that, in contrast to what was portended by the situation we had faced, our overall cost of operations for the past year was virtually flat.
It cannot be stressed enough, however, that we did not undertake these initiatives as a simple-minded cost-cutting effort. If it’s not too unlikely a metaphor to apply to banking, we have been not unlike Japan’s Kyudo archers – who seek, first, to examine the self, rather than to hit a specific target. We sought, first and foremost, to examine what we were doing – and, armed with that knowledge, to integrate systems that had grown up separately and to standardize practices that varied across the company. We were clear about our goal of reducing cost – but
we believed that could only be accomplished through better understanding of our existing operations.
It was in that spirit that working groups were convened for each project. Some 435 M&T employees from our 14 geographic regions and 13 operating divisions, came together to work on these common efforts. The mere fact that such a wide range of employees have joined forces will continue to benefit the company after all five projects are complete. This, in addition to significant improvements to which the projects have already led.
Last year in this space, we projected that the five projects would deliver efficiencies akin to those seen in a successful acquisition and “enable us to reduce
ix

x
our net run rate of expenses by some $50 million”. We are pleased to report that we are already within striking distance of this goal. The combined effect of those two of the five projects with the greatest potential for savings – procurement standardization and infrastructure consolidation – amounted to $26 million in the year past. We are moving toward an additional $27 million in savings in 2006 and another $13 million in 2007. Indeed, projected through 2008, we expect that the run rate effects associated with the efforts of the procurement and infrastructure projects will continue. Just as in the year past, these savings will be available both for investment in projects that will make possible further growth and for expense control. Here follow selected highlights of these important projects.
PROCUREMENT: We realized that, before we could even begin to search out procurement savings, we needed a procurement operation with a capacity appropriate for an organization our size. With that in mind, we expanded our purchasing department – by adding 18 procurement professionals, incorporating new technology, and using the advice of consultants. We took stock, for instance, of our direct mail operations and realized that if our retail, commercial and individual businesses combined their bidding process for such services, the price would inevitably be lower. As a result of these efforts, we project annual cost savings of 24 percent.
The procurement team – which we dubbed SmartSpend – focused on 24 spending categories last year, and has identified 55 more on which to work in 2006. We anticipate savings across all categories will average 8 percent. Much of this involved examination of core, meat-and-potatoes services which all banks must procure. For instance, by reducing the number of service providers from 12 to 10, we have reduced the annual cost of our use of couriers and armored cars by $2.5 million. Similar savings were found in such unsexy operations as the cost of local and long distance telecom (savings 12 percent), office supplies (savings 17 percent), air cargo (savings 14 percent) and janitorial services (savings 23 percent). It reminds one of the late Illinois Senator Everett Dirksen’s famous remark about the federal budget – “a billion here, a billion there and pretty soon you’re talking about real money.” Our procurement savings had fewer zeroes than a federal budget line
item – but we, indeed, are talking about real money.
INFRASTRUCTURE: We found significant savings, as well, in our examination
of our infrastructure – which we defined to include everything from the real estate we own or rent to our check processing and fee collection systems. Just as the procurement project recognized the importance of using fewer vendors and

individual contracts in our purchase of goods and services, so did the infrastructure team realize the importance of consolidating functions and locations of our operations. We had been maintaining systems that the project team found to be duplicative – and thus, too expensive. We found, for instance, it made no financial sense for our commercial credit administration to include loan preparation sites
in four different cities – especially when some were more expensive to operate than others. So, too, were savings to be realized through the centralization of loan analysis. Nor was infrastructure savings limited to that to be gained through concentrating work on a centralized group of employees. We found that technical operations, too, could be consolidated. These included some of those most basic to a bank, such as check image capture. In the same spirit, we found we were able to save $2.5 million annually in occupancy costs – sometimes through the simple expedient of combining two offices in the same city into one, sometimes in combining cafeterias and mailrooms. In all, the infrastructure project focused on fully 11 areas of the company, with additional but lesser focus on three others. This was, in other words, a thorough scrubbing.
Savings realized this past year and in the year upcoming are not, however, the only, nor always the best measures of the effectiveness of M&T’s project teams. Indeed, some of the most significant work undertaken by project teams has required near-term spending, designed to lead to long-term benefits. In this regard, the initiatives described below differ in kind from those described thus far.
COMMUNITY BANKING: The community banking team was focused far less on near-term cost savings, far more on re-structuring the organization in order to facilitate long-term growth. As noted in this message last year, M&T has always strived to be a community bank – closely tied to the special business and consumer needs of the many and varied regions in which we do business, as well as being active in philanthropy and encouraging our employees to play roles in local organizations. In the wake of our growth through acquisitions, however, we had developed a patchwork structure of regions which were not comparable to one another and risked confusing the customer and even our own employees.
The community banking project team was mandated to address these problems. Under its guidance, the number of our regional divisions was reduced from 20 to 14 – and, more important, the newly-drawn regions became roughly uniform, not only in size but in the sorts of business product lines, and administrative units, contained in each. The year past saw each of these 14
xi

xii
“community banking districts” begin to report regularly on their major lines of business. The effect of this will be especially important in guiding us as we seek to expand our market share throughout our footprint and especially in growing areas such as southern Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and the District of Columbia which we believe hold special promise for us.
But community banking means much more to us than improving our internal organizational structure. We understand that nurturing a close relationship with the communities in which our customers live and providing corporate philanthropic support for community institutions are central to how we operate. Although
many of our practices will change as a result of the five projects, these will not.
LOAN PROCESS AND SYSTEM OPTIMIZATION: As its name itself implies, this
is among the most ambitious of the five projects, one which we anticipate will be ongoing throughout the coming year and beyond. Its inspiration is deceptively simple: the need for consolidation of a dozen or more loan transaction systems which developed independently into a smaller, more manageable number. Some of this project’s work is, indeed, quite straightforward. Which “document capture” or “electronic forms” systems, for instance, will serve us best, as we strive to be more automated and closer to paperless?
Yet this is far from a simple undertaking. Many of the operations examined
by this project team have, historically, been used very successfully within their own business units. Our employees have been adept at developing and deploying them. As a result, the need for change has not always been obvious on our front lines. Moreover, we well understand that we must take the greatest care in making changes in lending systems, through which flows the revenue lifeblood of a bank. So it is that this project team has had to think of itself differently than others. It is not a short-term proposition. Not only do its members come from throughout the company but, for many, this is an ongoing, permanent position. This level of commitment reflects the fact that this group is taking on a number of broad challenges: how to standardize, re-engineer and automate workflows, and how to balance the goals of efficient work flow with the need to allow for flexibility. The good news here is that thinking big has not meant that we have not already made important incremental progress. We anticipate, for example, that we will reach a significant milestone in the coming year. We have targeted the fall of 2006 as the time when we will combine three existing consumer lending systems (home equity, retail lines of credit and installment loans) into one – the culmination of more than a

year of analysis, vendor negotiations, computer code development and testing. This will make for some immediate improvements – such as simplified infrastructure for each of our servicing systems, as well as the chance to train employees to take on
a variety of related tasks. But the new consolidated system will also allow for easier data collection that will help us spot and reduce errors and inefficiencies. In this, and other ways, we are relying on the ongoing work of this project team to help make possible increased, long-run growth.
REVENUE ENHANCEMENT THROUGH CROSS-SELLING: Like our peer institutions, we’ve long recognized that customers who use M&T in one way might benefit from doing more with us – and that expanding relationships with our customers would be good for business. It has been the goal of the Revenue Enhancement through Cross-Selling project to smooth the way toward broadening M&T’s relationships with its customers.
It is with that goal in mind that this project team conceived a series of collaborative initiatives, including M&T’s new “on-boarding” approach for our retail customers. New customers now get more than checks in the mail; they are called and asked how things are going. Did the debit card arrive within the time period promised? Any unpleasant surprises? We see this process both as a way to learn from customers about other products and services that might be right for them – and as an ongoing check on the quality of our service and a way to ensure we retain new customers.
As with other projects, the process itself has been important. The team has helped bring together sales force specialists from throughout the bank, many
who had not had reason to work together regularly before. These included senior or administrative vice-presidents for retail mortgage sales, investment brokerage
and advisory services, business banking, consumer branch banking, and cash management and merchant services. In all, these senior managers represented some 2,150 sales employees – who were indirectly linked, and whose approach to their job was thus changed, through the cross-sell project. This has led, in turn, to the sort
of day-to-day contact which helps us recognize new business opportunities. These sorts of efforts have begun to pay off. The bank’s overall cross-sell rate, as measured by the average number of M&T products per household, for our 1.5 million retail customers, grew 3.4 percent in 2005. It’s our belief that a focus on increasing referrals will help improve cross-selling and relationship-building and lead, ultimately, to revenue growth – the sort of organic growth for which we strive.
xiii

xiv
THOUGHTS ON REGULATION AND COMPLIANCE
This message has, in years past, included reflections about the effort required for M&T to comply with the many types of regulation administered by federal and state authorities – including both those which specifically focus on the banking industry (such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act) and those designed to encourage good corporate governance more generally (most notably and recently, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act). As we have noted before, the cost of such regulatory compliance is substantial – and has continued to rise. Several years ago, we estimated that those costs amounted to
4 to 4.5 percent of all non-interest operating expense. We believe the aggregated effort required to comply with the wide range of legal requirements has only continued to increase since the time of that estimate.
We well understand and, indeed, embrace the underlying motivation of these regulatory regimes. Banking, perhaps more than any other industry, relies on the public’s faith in its integrity, safety and soundness. Indeed, the American economy
as a whole, by extension, depends on the public having that faith. At the same time, it is also in the public’s interest for the regulatory regime to be as clear and straightforward as possible. In that regard, we note and endorse the May, 2005 study of the Financial Services Roundtable (“Reconciliation of Regulatory Overlap for the Management and Supervision of Operational Risk in U.S. Financial Institutions”), which found there were numerous overlaps amongst the regulatory requirements developed for the financial services industry – and that the complexity of compliance has made it impossible for the industry to develop “best practices”. In other words, the same information, but in different form, is required by a variety of examiners. This is a recipe for guaranteed inefficiency. The report noted, pointedly, that, absent more flexibility, “the existing inefficient and siloed approach will continue to present (a) significant burden to the banking industry and regulatory community from both an operational and financial standpoint.” We second these remarks – and hope that both the Congress and relevant agencies are paying attention. The diversion of resources for compliance purposes, after all, not only indirectly raises costs for consumers but represents a drag on the overall economy.
Even more important than the efficiency of compliance, however, is its effectiveness. Compliance with the rules is not an end in itself. No one could claim victory if we and others submitted all the necessary data in a thorough and timely manner, yet the public were not truly protected. In this context, it is worth looking at the mandates associated with the Bank Secrecy and Anti-Money Laundering acts,

in particular. Originally enacted to provide prosecutors with tools with which to attack organized crime, they have come to be viewed as integral to the government’s effort to identify and eradicate terrorist networks, which may be financing operations through such means as cash transfers. These laws must be understood as qualitatively different than other regulations with which we comply. Rather than seeking to ensure the soundness of a bank, they look to the banking industry to serve, in effect, as an arm of law enforcement. When we alert authorities as to suspicious activity of customers, we have been, in some sense, deputized in the struggle against organized crime, drug trafficking and, lately, terror attacks.
We well understand that terrorist activity requires financial support – and that financial data can lead to the identification of potential perpetrators. It is not from self-interest but, rather, concern about the public interest, then, that we
think it is worth considering whether the law as currently understood is the best means to achieve the crucial goal of increased public security. Take, for example, the requirement banks report, to an arm of the Treasury Department, any cash transaction greater than $10,000 – and investigate whether such transactions might be an indicator of criminal intent or activity. These requirements lead us – like
all other major banks – to provide a great deal of data and information to the government and to undertake a great many investigations. In 2005, we submitted more than 173,000 currency transaction reports. We also investigated more than 3,600 instances of customer transaction activity to determine whether they warranted our filing a “suspicious activity report” and ultimately filed some 1,400 such reports. We estimate that our employees directly charged with completing these investigations spent some 65,000 hours to do so. Countless additional hours were spent by other employees within the organization to respond to inquiries
and gather data to assist them. Yet virtually all, however, reflected activity which was fundamentally benign. It is often the case that small businesses must deal in cash. It is often the case that entirely legitimate business activity involves acts which are superficially suspicious – such as the import of goods or raw materials from nations marked for special scrutiny. Indeed, of 1,400 suspicious activity reports we ultimately filed last year, only 10 have led even to serious follow-up inquiries to us from law enforcement officials.
Yet this is not to say that cash transactions may not be taking place which reflect criminal or terrorist activity; only to express concern as to whether the current system is not the best way to detect such activity. A bank investigation cannot substitute for the work of law enforcement professionals in the effort to determine
xv

xvi
the underlying motive behind suspicious activity. We, after all, see only part of the picture – the cash transaction – and have none of the tools which prosecutors employ to determine the larger context. Thus, we may conclude, incorrectly, that a cash transaction is not suspicious. Moreover, the current system is replete with loopholes which actual criminals might exploit. Although benign cash deposits of more than $10,000 require us to file a currency transaction report, a series of cash deposits adding up to a far larger amount, if made at a series of independent banks, would not trigger any reporting or investigation at all.
The worry here, in other words, is that our effort, extensive as it must be, may fail to do the job. Cash transaction and suspicious activity reports are, of course, only two of the hundreds of regulatory requirements with which M&T, like all banks, must comply. The point here is not to exaggerate the costs or burden they impose on banking. Still, one hopes that, in the same spirit of common sense that characterized
the study conducted by the Financial Services Roundtable, regulatory requirements might be reviewed with an eye toward both efficiency and effectiveness. We do not seek to avoid or even reduce the nature and extent of our obligations to the public. We do, however, want to be sure our effort will truly help.
WESTMINSTER COMMUNITY CHARTER SCHOOL
Finally, it is our pleasure to report on another type of investment which M&T has made, one whose returns may, indeed, be greater than all the others we made this past year. It’s our investment in the Westminster Community Charter School, a public charter school in the city of Buffalo. Since 1993, M&T has provided $10.5 million in direct and in-kind assistance to the school, whose students come to class with the many disadvantages associated with urban poverty. It has been our aspiration that those disadvantages not include attending an ineffective school. It is with that goal in mind that we have, during the period of our partnership, provided a variety of forms of assistance. Most important, we have helped to recruit and retain an outstanding principal – Dr. Yvonne Minor-Ragan. In addition, we have offset
the costs of new books and computers and supported after-school and summer programs. M&T employees have generously volunteered their time as mentors to Westminster students.
The results have validated our beliefs in the potential of Buffalo’s school children and the talent of a motivated staff of educators. On three of four statewide tests of English and mathematics administered to fourth and eighth grade students,

Westminster, for the 2004-5 school year, was ranked among the top five Buffalo public schools. What’s more, those scores ranked it above the average on the three tests for all students in New York State.
It is right that we should have to account for the use of corporate funds for this purpose. We believe that use is well-justified. No business – and certainly no bank – can thrive in a city which is not thriving. And no city will prosper unless its children are learning. To say that the company will benefit from a well-educated labor force is both to state the obvious – and vastly to understate the benefits that can accrue to our headquarters region as a result of their improved education.
It is worth noting that, over the course of the past year, what was the Westminster Community School (and what once was simply Buffalo Public School #68) has become the Westminster Community Charter School. It continues, in other words, to receive government funding but is “chartered” such that it is independent of the Buffalo public school district and thus more free to manage its own affairs. The school’s decision to convert to the public charter was not taken lightly. It has been the goal to show that an urban school with relatively typical resources, coupled with a capable and committed staff and management, could be successful. Status as a charter school – authorized by the Buffalo Board of Education but supported by state funding – brings with it flexibility in hiring of staff and latitude in matters ranging from changing the curriculum to taking steps to improve the diet of students. Charter status – in the view of the school’s leadership – brings greater opportunity for success, including, crucially, the chance to sustain itself economically and academically for the long term. That was especially true with looming budget and program cutbacks in the Buffalo public school system – results, as these pages have made clear in years past, of ineffective administrations and indifferent interest groups which have failed to put the needs of children first. It is worth noting, moreover, that, as a charter school, Westminster actually receives less in state support per student than its traditional public school counterparts – yet its results have, to date, been better. In continuing our investment of corporate philanthropic dollars, we feel we must invest them as wisely as we do in any of our business units. We would see them spent, not as a show of our charity, but to positive effect. So it has been.
xvii

The following members of the M&T Bank Corporation board of directors will complete their service on the board after the conclusion of the annual meeting on April 18, 2006. They are William F. Allyn, Patrick J. Callan, R. Carlos Carballada and Derek C. Hathaway. In addition, Gary Kennedy completed his service on the board in September of last year. We thank them for their contributions to the work of the board and for the insights and advice they have provided. We look forward to their continuing role as members of the extended M&T family.
As mentioned above, this message marks a change in the leadership of M&T. One of us has relinquished his position as president and chief executive officer, while retaining his role as chairman. The other of us has taken on the role of chief executive officer. We anticipate continuing to work closely together.
Robert G. Wilmers Robert E. Sadler, Jr.
Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer
February 24, 2006
  xviii
