 MESSAgE TO STOCkHOldErS

Last year, in this message, I wrote that it was my hope “next year in this space, to report better news.” The figures below make clear that I cannot do so. Although M&T remained solidly profitable throughout last year, that can neither obscure nor provide consolation for the fact that the significant earnings decline in 2007 has been followed, in the year past, by another year of the same. It is incumbent upon a chief executive to offer an explanation for such a performance and, herewith, I will undertake to try.
One would like to be able to say, in such a situation, that the year-over-year decline in profitability can be attributed largely to market forces, beyond any one company’s control. Moreover, there is not the slightest doubt that the financial crisis gripping the U.S. economy had a profound effect on the nation’s banking system in 2008, a year that saw the banking and financial services industries as a whole post significant losses. So, yes, recessionary forces contributed to that decline in our earnings. But much—too much—of that decline stemmed not from larger forces but from our own decisions, which led us to stray from our traditional community banking model. Below I will explain the specifics
of those decisions and their impact on our performance, as well as steps we have taken to put things on a better course—steps whose efficacy will, however, inevitably be affected by the storm of economic forces which seems likely to continue to buffet the nation over the course of 2009. Here follow, first, the 2008 results in full.
Diluted earnings per common share in 2008 were $5.01, or 16% lower than in
2007. Last year’s net income of $556 million represented a return on average assets of .85% and on average common stockholders’ equity of 8.64%. In 2007, net income was $654 million and the returns on average assets and average common equity were 1.12% and 10.47%, respectively.
As in years past, we also provide supplemental reporting on a “net operating” or “tangible” basis in order to help investors understand the effect of acquisition activity on
M&T’s results. Net operating results differ from those reported above using generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in that the after-tax effects of merger-related integration expenses and amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets are excluded. Similar to the GAAP-based amounts presented above, diluted net operating earnings per common share declined 16% to $5.39 in 2008 from $6.40 in 2007. In total dollar amount, last year’s net operating income was $599 million, or 15% lower than in the year before. That net operating income expressed as a rate of return on average
v

vi
tangible assets and average tangible common stockholders’ equity—that is, total assets and common stockholders’ equity less goodwill, core deposit and other intangible assets (and deferred taxes related thereto)—was .97% and 19.63%, respectively. In 2007 those measurements were 1.27% and 22.58%.
In short form, M&T’s results for 2008 can be told thusly. The positive forces resulting from a 12% growth in average earning assets and a 7% rise in fees and other noninterest income earned in our core businesses were consumed by significantly higher credit costs, further losses in our investment securities portfolio, and the virtual elimination of activity in the securitization markets previously accessed by Bayview Lending Group (BLG)—an originator of small balance commercial mortgage loans of which M&T owns 20%.
Average earning assets rose to $58.0 billion in 2008, up from $52.0 billion a
year earlier. That growth was fueled by an 11% increase in average loans and leases to $48.8 billion last year from $44.1 billion in 2007. Nevertheless, growth in net interest income resulting from those higher average asset levels was subdued by a 22 basis point (hundredth of one percent) drop in the net interest margin—or taxable-equivalent net interest income divided by average earning assets—to 3.38% in 2008 from 3.60% in 2007. As a result, last year’s taxable-equivalent net interest income totaled $1.96 billion, a rise of 5%. In 2007 it had been $1.87 billion.
In total, noninterest income rose a modest 1% last year to $939 million from
$933 million in 2007. Higher revenues from providing mortgage banking, deposit account services and other core banking activities were muted by greater losses from bank investment securities of $22 million and a decline in M&T’s pro-rata portion of
the operating results of BLG that aggregated $46 million. Losses from bank investment securities in 2008, net of $35 million of realized gains, totaled $148 million and were
due to other-than-temporary impairment charges related to our holdings of preferred stock of the government-sponsored entities Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac ($153 million), certain holdings of collateralized mortgage obligations backed by residential real estate loans ($18 million), and collateralized debt obligations (CDOs) backed by trust preferred capital securities issued by other banking and insurance companies acquired in a recent acquisition ($11 million). In 2007, net securities losses had been $126 million and reflected a $127 million other-than-temporary impairment charge related to our holdings of CDOs backed by subprime residential mortgage securities.

The precipitous decline in earnings at BLG resulted from a disruption in the commercial mortgage-backed securities market previously accessed by BLG to secure funding for its operations. The consequences of that disruption included BLG realizing lower gains from loan securitization and sales activities, lower values for loans it held for sale, and higher costs for severance and lease terminations incurred as it downsized its operations.
Understanding of our 2008 results requires that special attention be paid to the dramatic increase in credit costs. Specifically, the provision for credit losses jumped to $412 million last year. It was $192 million in 2007. Net loan charge-offs—that is, the amount
by which charge-offs exceed recoveries of loan balances previously charged-off—spiked
to $383 million in 2008, or .78% of average loans outstanding during the year. By way of comparison, net charge-offs had been $114 million in 2007, or .26% of that year’s average outstanding loans.
The rise in net charge-offs reflects the recessionary state of the U.S. economy throughout 2008 and the steep declines in residential real estate values that resulted.
Those declining values adversely impacted the loan repayment capabilities of individual homeowners and developers of residential real estate properties. Net charge-offs in 2008 included loans to residential real estate builders and developers of $100 million, up from $4 million in 2007; residential real estate loans of $63 million, up from $19 million in 2007; commercial loans of $94 million, compared with $24 million in 2007; and consumer loans of $114 million, up from $65 million in the preceding year. (We also experienced commercial real estate net charge-offs to customers other than residential builder/ developers of $12 million, compared with $2 million in 2007.)
M&T ceases the accrual of interest on loans when we have specific doubt about
the borrower’s ability to completely repay the loan. Nonaccrual loans at the 2008 year-end aggregated $755 million, or 1.54% of loans outstanding as of that date. A year earlier, nonaccrual loans had been $431 million, or .90% of then outstanding loans. A $124 million increase in loans to residential builders and developers and a $75 million increase in residential real estate loans were the major factors contributing to that overall year-over- year increase in nonaccrual loans.
At December 31, 2008 the allowance for credit losses amounted to $788 million, equal to 1.61% of total loans and leases, net of unearned discount, then outstanding.
A year earlier, the allowance had been $759 million or 1.58% of total loans and leases.
vii

viii
Last year, in an effort to assist borrowers, M&T voluntarily modified the terms of $162 million of residential real estate loans. Those modifications were intended to help borrowers remain in their homes and included such actions as the extension of maturity dates and the lowering of interest rates and monthly customer payments. In so doing, of course, we are hopeful of realizing increased loan repayments and reduced net charge-offs. Prudence dictates that before accruing interest on a modified loan that it be determined whether a borrower is indeed capable of complying with the modified terms by making at least six consecutive monthly payments. As a result, as of December 31, 2008 $69 million of those modified loans were accruing interest on a current basis, while the remaining $93 million were still within that six-month corridor and thus in nonaccrual status.
uNdErSTANdiNg 2008
How should the above results best be understood? One is tempted to portray them in modestly positive terms, to emphasize that we continued to do a great many things right over the course of 2008, absent which we would not have been able to report even the lower net income noted above. Nor is there doubt that, at least to some extent, our own situation was hostage to far larger forces. Even those of us who believed that the economic and financial system problems which began to emerge in 2007 were deep and serious could not have anticipated the unprecedented events about which we now speak matter-of-factly. Few imagined the demise of storied Wall Street financial institutions, the placement in government conservatorship of the secondary mortgage market companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the direct investment of taxpayer dollars in major financial institutions, including an international insurance company, a government stake in the automobile industry, a more than-doubled increase in the government-insured level of bank deposits and the extension of such insurance, under near-emergency conditions, to investment funds not previously covered. The Nobel laureate novelist V.S. Naipaul has recalled the newspapers of his Caribbean youth as having unfailingly promoted their work as accounts of “extraordinary events and amazing occurrences.” As applied to what’s happened over the past year, such would be no overstatement.
It is true, as well, that the year past was one for which a report of any earnings
at all can be said to distinguish us. After all, 2008, officially a recession year, saw major banks of national reach sold at fire sale prices, after reporting billions in losses—and the U.S. banking system as a whole (ie., the 8,384 financial institutions whose deposits are insured by the federal government) appears poised to have recorded its first quarterly loss

since 1990. That we were able, as noted above, to continue to generate positive results from growth in our average earning assets and fees reflects the fundamental strength of M&T.
It will not do, however, to claim that we’ve succeeded because we’ve avoided failure. The key question suggested by the figures above must not be how we avoided disaster
but why we did not do better. It is an answer with a number of separate parts but broad, unifying themes.
During what we now know as the “bubble” years of 2004–2007, many banks tried desperately to maintain earnings growth by facilitating the extension of credit, especially through home mortgages and home equity loans, to less-than-prime customers. M&T, in some limited but nonetheless significant ways, was not immune to this temptation. Last year, this space noted the decision to purchase, for $131.7 million, three bonds known as collateralized debt obligations, backed by subprime mortgages—and whose value we were forced to write down by $127.3 million in 2007. Similarly, the specific drags on our 2008 earnings—noted above but deserving of emphasis—largely represented departures from our traditional community banking model, a model based on lending in the markets where we live and work to people and enterprises whom we know. In contrast, the investments which proved problematic shared the following characteristics: they were transactional in nature, outside our market footprint, far from our branches and not associated with deposits. Some, moreover, were businesses with which we were not familiar and in geographies in which we’d only been doing business a short period of time.
M&T MOrTgAgE: In 2005, we decided to significantly expand our origination of Alternative-A (Alt-A) mortgages. Notably, we expanded originations not only in regions
familiar to us and where we had long done business, but throughout much of the United States. For several years, we had sold Alt-A loans to other investors but, as we noted in last year’s report to you, we were unable in early 2007 to sell these loans at acceptable prices. We therefore decided to retain these mortgages in our portfolio. Despite our subsequent decision to no longer originate Alt-A loans, net charge-offs for such loans we already held grew this past year from $22 million to $58 million, an increase of 164 percent.
rESidENTiAl BuildEr ANd dEvElOPEr lENdiNg: The bursting of the so-called housing bubble has led to a sharp spike in the extent of non-performing builder and developer construction loans. As with M&T Mortgage, our mistake in this area, in which we’d historically been successful, chiefly involved lending in unfamiliar markets on projects of a size and complexity that were outside of our normal underwriting standards. Non-accrual
ix

x
builder construction loans increased from $85 million in 2007 to $209 million in 2008, representing an increase in such non-accrual loans of nearly 150 percent. Similarly, as noted above, net charge-offs of such loans increased to $100 million last year, up from just $4 million in 2007.
BAyviEw lENdiNg grOuP: BLG, as noted above, is a commercial mortgage lending firm, specializing in loans to small businesses, and in which M&T took a 20 percent share in 2007. The near-complete shutdown, in the year past, of the commercial securities markets on which it relied had serious effects on the company and markedly restricted its ability to profitably originate and sell loans. Our share of BLG’s bottom-line results was a loss of $37 million, compared with a gain of $9 million in 2007. This, too, should be understood as having been, at least to this point, an ill-timed investment.
fANNiE MAE ANd frEddiE MAC: We were forced, last year, to write off some $153 million in preferred stock issued by the government-sponsored secondary mortgage market enterprises Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which both effectively became insolvent and came under the conservatorship of the federal government. This might well be considered an unprecedented event which could not easily have been anticipated.
Taken together, these four areas of lending and investment accounted for increased losses totaling $202 million in 2008, compared with 2007. Absent increased losses from these sources, M&T would be reporting a net increase in 2008 after-tax net income of some $100 million, instead of a decrease of the same amount.
It is crucial to note, at this point, that we have already moved sharply to cut our losses in these areas. M&T no longer originates Alt-A mortgage loans. We have restructured
our investment in BLG so as to gain access to the firm’s other revenue streams—that is, other than the securitization of small business mortgage loans ; we will confine residential construction lending to our market footprint. Moreover, we have examined our business for other signs of such non-core and non-relationship-based activity and taken steps
to limit it. We have, for instance, sharply reduced (as of December 2007) our indirect automobile lending in states where we had no branches. This decision had the effect of reducing our overall indirect automobile lending from $240 million a month to less than $100 million—and spared us exposure to what has turned out to be a problematic market.
In such ways, we will, in short, hew to our traditional community banking approach: seeking deposit growth, lending where we have relationships, working toward

improved efficiency and undertaking acquisitions when the price is right and they help us deepen our presence in our current markets or expand into markets generally contiguous to those in which we’ve operated.
We have, in fact, begun to move in exactly these directions. Most notably, in the second quarter of this year, we expect to complete our acquisition of Baltimore’s Provident Bankshares Corporation, thus adding, at a sensible cost, 143 branches to our Mid-Atlantic network of 177—at the same time providing the opportunity to consolidate branches, or avoid opening planned new ones. Thus, we will move to increase deposits per branch and the efficiency and productivity that implies. The fact that we moved aggressively during the industry’s growth years (2004–2006) to cut our operating costs, means that we are well- positioned now to absorb a significant acquisition. We are particularly pleased to acquire deposits, branches and additional access to the relatively healthy Baltimore, metropolitan Washington and northern Virginia markets.
M&T fuNdAMENTAlS
That such an acquisition, in which the acquired institution is compensated solely in M&T common stock, could occur is a reflection of a condition which cannot be taken for granted in today’s financial climate: our high level of safety and soundness, based on general adherence to conservative banking principles. Some key indicators in this regard merit emphasis. Thanks, in part, to the density of our branch network in markets we serve,
we have continued to attract and retain deposits. This helps account for our high level of tangible capital generation, highest among the major regional banks which we (along with industry analysts) consider to be our peer institutions. Our loan-loss reserves have grown appropriately, as credit quality has deteriorated. At the end of 2008, our allowance for loan losses amounted to 2.1 times our 2008 net charge-offs, which ranks us second among our peers. This was in no small part due to the fact that M&T experienced the second-lowest charge-off ratio among that same peer group. We hold no consumer credit card debt at all.
Indeed, in a time of upheaval, ours has been a record of relative consistency. Consider the following. M&T, as noted above, is often grouped with some 16 other so-called regional or “super-regional” banks. It is, thus, useful—and revealing—to compare our results, as measured by growth in earnings per share, with those of the group as a whole. For the year past, we ranked third—and over the past 11 years, ranked second.
xi

xii
Finally, one key indicator reassures us particularly. An analysis of our loan portfolio has found that there is a strong correlation between good loan performance and proximity of the customer to an M&T branch—in other words, the closer to a branch, the better the loan. These are the loans which contributed positively to our 2008 earnings—and are the kind of loans we’ll be making in the future.
What does this say about M&T? Such consistency is not statistical coincidence, it
is a product of relative prudence. Others have risen to the top of the heap in select years through the expedient of what all-too-soon turned out to be imprudent levels of risk-taking. They have then fallen back to the lower ranks. For our part, M&T, as confessed above, did not entirely resist the siren song of outsized reward for novel forms of risk which caused the performance of others—including the giants of the industry—to swing wildly from profit to loss. Had we held even more firmly to our traditional values — lending to the credit-worthy, avoiding non-traditional investments—we might have ranked still higher. That record, as it stands, reflects both the degree to which we participated in loans and investments which turned out to be imprudent — and the (greater) degree to which we avoided them.
It is worth noting, though, that no company operates in a vacuum. The once- outsized profits of those financial services firms taking what turned out to be foolish levels of risk led to pressure on their competitors, including us. That we resisted temptation to the extent we did is a source of at least some consolation for me.
So it is that we believe that we are weathering the economic storm reasonably well—and, by extension, are reasonably well-situated for growth. This is to reassure readers, that, in my view, notwithstanding the increasing concentration in the banking industry generally, there remains a significant and profitable role for a regional bank such as ours. Despite all this, it’s impossible to determine the scope of trouble in the U.S. economy and impact on any financial institution, even one as sturdy as M&T. We have prepared for the storm—but no one can be sure how strong or destructive it will be.
rEgAiNiNg CONfidENCE: rEgulATOry rEfOrM
My focus, above, has been, as it must be, on M&T’s own situation. But no discussion of an individual bank’s results nor strategy can ignore the extraordinary time in which we find ourselves, a time in which there has developed a crisis of confidence in the financial services industry. It is a crisis which has already prompted unprecedented forms of

government intervention but which calls for more—much more—action to ensure the long-term health of our capital markets. Regulatory reform will simply not be sufficient nor effective if its focus is confined to historically “covered” financial institutions such
as banks. Put simply, nothing we do to “fix” our banks will be enough to allow investor and consumer confidence to return. That is so because, over the course of the past
three decades, there has been nothing less than a sea-change in the world of lending, a change which has helped create the sorts of risk—and need for regulatory reform—we face today. Indeed, despite the well-publicized problems of specific banks, the so-called financial meltdown we’ve experienced over the past two years was owed much more to the investments of what can be called a new, shadow banking system—a system which has actually outstripped traditional banking as a source of credit and yet has been beyond the reach of the regulatory system’s standards for safety and soundness. At the same time, it influenced the business approach of traditional banks. Yet regulation has remained stuck in the past as the world has changed around it.
Consider the fact that, in 1978, commercial banks and thrifts held 71% of all private, non-governmental U.S. loans. Since then, the amount of credit extended not by banks but by other parts of the private sector has grown more than three and a half times as much
as that provided by the banking system. Indeed, as of the end of the third quarter of 2008, commercial bank loans accounted for just $6.9 trillion of the estimated $20.3 trillion
in private U.S. financial sector loans outstanding. This reflects the fact that throughout
the 1980s and 1990s, a new idea about lending took hold and grew. Securitized credit outstanding grew nearly 50-fold from 1980 to 2000—compared to a mere 3.7 times for commercial bank loans over the same period. Its essential idea: that loans could be sliced, diced and packaged in large groups, to serve as the basis of debt to be sold in the securities markets. This new approach began with mortgage-backed securities, but grew to include a variety of assets. The concept was little short of revolutionary. It meant that bank deposits would no longer be the only—or even the chief—funding source for credit. Instead, loans of all sorts would effectively be financed by the capital markets—and packaged and sold by Wall Street. In the watershed year of 1998, bank lending was, for the first time, surpassed by what some call synthetic products sold in the capital markets.
Who was responsible for this huge new universe of lending? The answer to this question is crucial in understanding what form new financial services industry regulation must take. The key actors were a vastly increased number of investment firms far outside the purview of federal or state regulators. The number of unique, identifiable hedge
xiii

xiv
funds increased from fewer than 50 in the early 1980s to 22,650 in 2007. In that same period, their assets under management grew from less than $1 billion to $2.1 trillion. The securitized debt in which they were investing proved, we found out too late, to be laced with risky mortgages, bundled into securities which ratings agencies—with their own financial incentives to do so—gave their highest seal of approval.
This is simply not clearly understood by the public—which continues to think of banks as the primary source of credit—and has not been well-explained by political leaders. Thus, regulators have continued to fix their gaze—indeed, to micro-manage—traditional financial institutions such as banks, even as the ground has shifted beneath the entire industry. Banks found themselves on an unlevel playing field compared to others under no obligation to make clear the extent of their debt nor its relationship to their liquid assets. Notwithstanding the need to deal with immediate problems, we must not, in the wake of our financial crisis, fail to review and update the rules of the game. Just as the Depression of the 1930s led to the establishment of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, so must this current crisis spur regulatory innovation. It is no special pleading on the part of a bank chief executive to assert we must restore the balance of regulatory oversight between commercial banks and other parts
of the financial services industry. We should do so not in order to be fair to banks but because the nation’s problems won’t be solved unless solutions are directed at the entire financial system, not just one-third of it.
So it is that we need a new generation of regulation to extend the time-honored principles of safety, soundness and transparency to what has become a virtual casino
of lending. All the players must be included. Investment banks, hedge funds and other investment vehicles—who are the ones who sparked the securitization boom—must be overseen. The rating agencies which enabled the lending casino to operate by certifying as top quality what turned out to be high-risk bonds, must operate under a new business model: they must be paid by those who might purchase bonds, not by those issuing them.
They, too, must be regulated. Complex derivatives, such as credit default swaps—which ostensibly provided insurance for high-risk investments—must be brought out of the shadows, into a public clearinghouse, such that markets can know their magnitude and extent. (The market for credit-default swaps is estimated to have grown from $500 billion in 1998 to $54.6 trillion in 2008.) At the same time that huge flows of capital must come under a broader regulatory regime, so too, must all players. The activity of U.S. mortgage

brokers, for instance—whose number increased from 9,000 in 1988 to 54,000 in 2005, played a key role in the subprime debacle and must have some sort of supervision.
We are neither fond of regulation nor quick to call for more of it. But it is neither consistent nor wise to subject banks to regulation that can only be called intrusive
and excessive while the rest of the financial services sector operates in a Wild West environment. There is simply no justification for the exclusion from regulation of any major pools of capital which, if poorly managed, could threaten the smooth functioning of the financial system as a whole.
Apart from the extension of regulatory oversight to what has become a vast shadow banking system, so, too, must we bring common sense to accounting as it affects all financial institutions. This must include, first and foremost, the re-examination of the appropriateness of so-called mark-to-market accounting for balance sheet purposes, in periods of illiquid markets. The ability to reasonably determine the fair value of certain assets in times of economic uncertainty is, at best, severely limited—when those that previously made markets in such assets, for all practical purposes, have gone fishing. No serious observer, however, believes that the long-term value of securities which continue to perform is as low as mark-to-market rules would dictate.
The fact that we must “mark to market” current securities which were highly
rated when we bought them, with the intention of holding them for the long haul and which, indeed, continue to pay returns forces us to maintain additional capital. Moreover, marking to market leads to a false picture of our health, as measured by the tangible common equity ratio. It is worth noting that if such requirements were imposed on the loans we make each day to our customers the entire commercial banking system would have already collapsed, for a loan made today, to even the highest-rated borrower, can only be sold at a considerable discount to its face value, in today’s dislocated markets. Such irrational rule making inhibits us from doing exactly what government asserts is the use to which it wants public funds it has injected into the banking system to be dedicated: lending. We will not, however, lend for the sake of lending, especially to those with poor credit histories. We know all too well the consequences of so called well-capitalized institutions extending credit to borrowers without ability to repay. That’s how we got into this mess in the first place.
It is important, moreover, to keep in mind that mark-to-market accounting has not, historically, been standard practice. Indeed, for more than 60 years after the Depression
xv

xvi
era, the Securities and Exchange Commission resisted adopting such “fair value” accounting, out of concern that such numbers were more subjective than reliable. Having seen its side effects, we need not be averse to reform out of fear that such change would undermine accounting integrity.
Similarly, it is past time to adjust the approach to loan loss reserve requirements imposed by the Securities and Exchange Commission—and which led the banking industry to enter a recession with the level of reserves close to an all-time low. Concern about such phenomena as earnings-smoothing, which preoccupied regulators earlier in
the decade, are far removed from our present situation. Indeed, the idea that we should worry about banks putting too much into their loss reserves is hard to understand today. Regulators must recognize that loan loss provision is a matter of judgment; there is simply no way to assess a portfolio of loans and be able to know—with scientific precision—which loans will perform and which will not. Sound judgment will likely lead to a conservative approach—but it is just such an approach which regulators have discouraged because of
an exaggerated fear of earnings manipulation. It is worth keeping in mind that loan loss reserves are clearly disclosed—such that investors can make up their own minds about
the judgment of management. Armchair quarterbacking by regulators has been ill-advised, never more so than now.
In light of the problems associated with mark-to-market-accounting and the formulaic approach to loan loss reserves—not to mention the regulatory failure which allowed a now-infamous $50 billion investment “Ponzi” scheme to go undetected—the time would seem right for a thorough review of the policies and procedures of the SEC. Regulators should take stock of their own performance—and, in that context, it is well worth noting the concentration of problems which surfaced in the past year in institutions overseen by the Office of Thrift Supervision (OTS). A handful of major thrift institutions regulated by the OTS accounted for the lion’s share of payments to depositors which had to be made by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Indeed, just four large thrifts accounted for $355.6 billion or 95.6% by assets of the failures in 2008.
This poor quality of oversight has led to sharply-increased premiums for FDIC member banks such as M&T; we anticipate paying an additional $37 million in such premiums in 2009 over and above those we paid in 2008. It is worth considering whether to abolish the OTS and fold its duties into the portfolio of another, more effective agency.

At the same time we consider long-term regulatory changes, we continue to be confronted by an immediate crisis. It is crucial to make sure that the extraordinary steps being taken to address that crisis do not actually make things worse. The record to date
is not altogether reassuring. Consider the Troubled Asset Relief Program, or TARP, the so-called bank “bailout” through which the federal government has injected capital, in exchange for preferred shares in 364 commercial banks and thrifts, including M&T, whose FDIC-insured institutions hold two-thirds of all bank and thrift assets. TARP funds have brought with them pressure to lend at a time when there is limited loan demand—and when we have already added $2.4 billion to our loans in the past year. Indeed, we have not been alone in doing so. For the 12-month period ending on September 30, 2008, total loans held by U.S. commercial banks increased by $562 billion. In contrast, over the same period, credit provided by issuers of asset-backed securities, major players in the “shadow” banking industry, fell—by some $320 billion. It may appear that banks are not lending—but that impression is the result of near-collapse of what I have called the shadow banking industry.
It is, in other words, exactly wrong for public officials and the press to complain that the injection of government funds—through the TARP—has not solved our credit crisis because banks are not doing their part.
But when the public complains about banks and the TARP program, it may really be making a broader point. The emergency program was sold as a way to help the little
guy – and the large number of homeowners who are in trouble are seeing precious little relief. Finding a way to provide that relief will not be easy, in substantial part due to the complex structure of mortgage-backed securities, on the one hand, and the way mortgages are serviced by independent institutions, on the other – not to mention the financial meltdown which has hit middle America. It’s an imposingly complex problem whose solution will demand changes in rules, regulations and even laws — and both creativity and competence in the government approach to helping those in distress.
It’s good to see the new Administration working hard, and with imagination, on the problem. As officials do so, however, we hope they keep in mind that the banking industry whose help they will need includes more than just a handful of large institutions.
A quasi-oligopoly has emerged among commercial banks—indeed, the top four banks now have a larger percentage of total assets (52 percent) than all others combined. That’s both impressive and distressing. And indeed, these four, together with two other institutions which were granted a fast track to bank holding company status, have received $165.0
xvii

billion or 54.0% of all TARP funds. Including three other, non-bank institutions that participated, the total increases to $229.8 billion or 75.3% of TARP funds distributed to date. It is these same few institutions or those that they acquired in the past year, or those that have gone bankrupt during the same period, that totally dominated the shadow banking market through their leadership and creativity. It is also their compensation policies that have sullied the reputation of the other 8,341 banks and thrifts in the United States that have done the right thing, day in, day out, in their communities. Indeed, one has to raise the question whether allowing the creation of a banking oligopoly is prudent public policy, particularly as it is logical to assume that by dint of size these same institutions would provide leadership to the industry. If past is prelude, one must question whether they will provide the moral tone that leadership demands and what our society expects of its banks.
The goal of public policy in this time of crisis must not be to preserve specific financial institutions—but to restore health to the financial services industry as a whole. We are optimistic that the team assembled by the new Administration in Washington can do just that. We all share the hope that a thoughtful approach, one which recognizes the changes that have occurred over the past two decades and that revisits the structure and regulation of our financial system, will help restore confidence in our markets. It is such confidence on which M&T—and all America—will depend.
Following the Annual Meeting of the Stockholders on April 21, 2009, four directors
will retire from the boards of M&T Bank Corporation and M&T Bank. Richard E. Garman, Daniel R. Hawbaker, Reginald B. Newman, II and Stephen G. Sheetz together provided eighty years of service to the M&T group and predecessor institutions. We were fortunate to have had the opportunity to draw on such a deep well of experience. We extend our gratitude to all four for their service during a difficult and demanding period.
Robert G. Wilmers Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
February 20, 2009 xviii
 