 MESSAGE TO STOCKHOLDERS

In years past, and in recent years especially, this message has largely been a means of delivering generally good news, including growth in M&T’s net income and earnings per share. Indeed, a compounded annualized rate of growth in net operating earnings per share of 21 percent from 1983 through 2006 qualifies as a long run of good news.
As the figures which follow will make clear, however, the year past has seen a sharp departure from these and other long-term positive trends that have been the hallmarks of this company. It is true, of course, that 2007 was a year of tremendous—indeed, in some ways, unprecedented—upheaval and downturn in the banking industry as a whole. It was a year in which unforeseen and poorly-understood risks, ultimately given such names as “subprime crisis” and “credit crunch,” led to highly-publicized write-offs and losses. The fact that we are far from alone in reporting that our results were negatively affected by such matters, but were nevertheless better than some—does not, however, provide a proper explanation of the specific factors which have led M&T’s income in the year past to have declined compared to that of the year previous, breaking a chain of 13 years of double-digit rates of increase in diluted net operating earnings per share. This message, then, will describe in some detail the specific factors which explain the results which follow. Even more important, it will reflect on what we have learned and how we intend to put things right—that is, to describe the foundation we have laid for renewed growth and greater profitability.
Measured in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”), diluted earnings per share last year amounted to $5.95 and net income was $654 million. Both figures were down from 2006 when diluted earnings per share were $7.37 and net income was $839 million. Net income for 2007 expressed as a rate of return on average assets and average common stockholders’ equity was 1.12% and 10.47%, respectively, compared with 1.50% and 13.89% in 2006.
As is our custom—so as to help investors understand the effect of acquisition activity in M&T’s results—we also provide supplemental reporting on a “net operating” or “tangible” basis. In contrast to the GAAP-basis amounts presented above, net operating results exclude the after-tax effect of core deposit and other intangible assets—both in
v

vi
the income statement and on the balance sheet—and merger-related expenses associated with the integration of acquired operations with and into M&T.
Diluted net operating earnings per share were $6.40 in 2007 and $7.73 in 2006.
In total dollar amount, last year’s net operating income was $704 million, compared with $881 million in the preceding year. Net operating income expressed as a rate of return on average tangible assets was 1.27% in 2007 and 1.67% in 2006. As a rate of return on average tangible equity, it was 22.58% last year and 29.55% in 2006. Reconciliations of GAAP-basis net income and net operating income, average total assets and average tangible assets, and average total stockholders’ equity and average tangible stockholders’ equity are included in the accompanying Form 10-K.
M&T’s results for 2007 were adversely influenced by changing market conditions
in the residential mortgage lending sector that affected (i) the valuation of mortgage loans we had originated for sale, but decided to keep on our balance sheet when prices dropped unexpectedly early in the year. Moreover, later in the year, the delinquency rates and charge-offs related to those mortgage loans contributed to a sharp increase in the provision for credit losses; (ii) The market values of collateralized debt obligations that led us to record a $127.3 million other-than-temporary impairment charge on $131.7 million of securities that we purchased in last year’s first quarter and continue to hold today.
In addition, we faced the need to deal with the ongoing contraction of our net interest margin, or taxable-equivalent net interest income expressed as a percentage of average earning assets, of ten basis points (hundredths of one percent) and the requirement that we recognize our proportionate share of a contingent liability to indemnify Visa—the credit card company—for losses stemming from certain litigation involving Visa. That contingent obligation is shared with other banks that are members of Visa and, for us, resulted in the recognition of $23 million of additional expense.
It may seem like the news was bad at every turn. It was not. There were several events that should have a positive impact on M&T in 2008 and beyond. In particular, loan growth was strong in our commercial and commercial real estate loan portfolios in the second half of 2007. So, too, did we see a return to strength of our consumer lending portfolio during the same period. We strengthened our presence in the central New York and Mid-Atlantic regions by successfully integrating two separate acquisitions in last

year’s fourth quarter, and we continued with our program of efficiency enhancements and operating process improvements.
Let’s look at some details.
Average loans and leases outstanding increased by $2.7 billion or 7%. That largest
component of earning assets totaled $44.1 billion in 2007, up from $41.4 billion a year earlier. The impact of that growth on taxable-equivalent net interest income—the largest component of our net income—was stifled by a narrowing of the net interest margin to 3.60% in 2007 from 3.70% in 2006. That narrowing was the product of a nine basis point differential in the increase in rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities versus the rise in yields on earning assets.
Reflecting some customers’ diminished abilities to re-pay loans, the provision
for credit losses spiked to $192 million last year. It was $80 million in 2006. Net loan charge-offs—that is, the amount by which charge-offs exceed recoveries of loan balances previously charged-off—totaled $114 million, or .26% of average loans outstanding, in 2007.
A year earlier, net charge-offs were $68 million, or .16% of average loans. Non-performing loans at each year-end were $447 million in 2007 and $224 million in 2006. Measured
as a percentage of total loans outstanding, those amounts were .93% and .52% in 2007 and 2006, respectively.
Last year’s net charge-offs and nonperforming loans reflect the impact of a change in accounting procedure that was precipitated by high charge-offs and delinquencies in
the portfolio of residential real estate loans that we had initially originated for sale but in March 2007 decided to hold rather than sell at what we thought were depressed prices. That change in procedure affected the timing of when we classify residential real estate loans as nonaccrual and when such loans are charged off. Residential real estate loans previously classified as nonaccrual when payments were 180 days past due now stop accruing interest when principal or interest is delinquent 90 days. The excess of such loan balances over
the net realizable value of the property collateralizing the loan is now charged off when
the loans become 150 days delinquent, whereas previously M&T provided an allowance
for credit losses for such amounts and charged-off loans upon foreclosure of the
underlying property. The impact of the acceleration of the classification of residential real estate loans as nonaccrual resulted in an increase in nonperforming loans of $84 million at
vii

viii
December 31, 2007. The acceleration of charge-offs added $15 million to last year’s net charge-off total.
At December 31, 2007 the allowance for credit losses stood at $759 million. That was equal to 1.58% of total loans and leases, net of unearned discount, outstanding at that date. One year earlier the allowance had been $650 million, or 1.51% of outstanding loans and leases.
In looking at revenue from noninterest sources, we saw increases from providing deposit account and trust and investment services, as well as our pro-rata portion of the operating results of Bayview Lending Group LLC, an originator of small balance commercial real estate loans that we invested in during last year’s first quarter. Overall, however, these were out-weighed by lower revenues from mortgage banking activities and losses on investment securities.
Mortgage banking revenues declined $31 million in large part due to depressed market prices for loans that we originated for sale, as well as our obligation to repurchase previously sold loans.
Net investment securities losses were $126 million in 2007, compared with gains of about $3 million in 2006. That dramatic turn of events reflects the $127.3 million other-than-temporary impairment charge recorded in the final quarter of 2007 related to $131.7 million of collateralized debt obligations backed by sub-prime residential mortgage securities that M&T had purchased in last year’s first quarter. The impairment charge was recognized in accordance with GAAP in light of significant deterioration
in the residential real estate market and the resulting decline in market value of the debt obligations. Following that impairment charge-off, there were only $4.4 million of collateralized debt obligations backed by sub-prime residential mortgage securities on M&T’s balance sheet at December 31, 2007.
During last year’s fourth quarter, we completed the acquisitions of Partners Trust Financial Group, Inc., a bank holding company headquartered in Utica, New York, and First Horizon Bank’s Mid-Atlantic retail banking franchise. Through those acquisitions we added to our balance sheet some $2.4 billion of loans and an equivalent amount of deposits. Because the transactions happened late in 2007, they had little impact on the full year’s average loans, average deposits and net operating income. However, there were

$15 million of merger-related expenses associated with the transactions that we incurred during last year’s fourth quarter. Those expenses reduced our net income for the year by $9 million, or 8 cents of diluted earnings per share.
Those are the hard numbers for 2007. Here follows some explanation.
UNDERSTANDING 2007
The results above call for more discussion than usual. When earnings per share decline significantly, as ours did, the obvious question comes to mind: what went wrong? Those receiving this message deserve a full and candid answer to that question.
First, it’s important to make clear the historic context in which last year’s results are set. Lending remains the lifeblood of banking but, in recent years, loan growth has been a challenge for all banks. M&T has not been an exception to this trend. We have faced pressure to maintain the high level of income growth we had historically been able to achieve through our combination of diversified lending, deposit-gathering, outstanding customer service and mergers-and-acquisitions. By the end of 2006, however, bank stock prices relative to their earnings traded at levels not seen in the preceding ten years, as compared with the similar measure for companies in the overall S&P 500—making acquisitions imprudent. At the same time, the interest rate “spread” for lending and investment activities had become compressed. In this context, the returns being offered by new types of investment instruments which promised both to spread the risk of
new types of mortgage loans and to deliver higher yields than were otherwise available, looked increasingly attractive. It was our decision to diverge, although not greatly,
from traditional underwriting and investment approaches that had served us well in
the past—but which had come to portend slower growth—which led to last year’s disappointing earnings results.
The details of the course we actually chose are these. To put things bluntly, in our search for higher investment returns, we made two major mistakes, both ultimately involving the less-than-prime mortgage market which played such a central role in banking industry problems generally in 2007.
The first error involved what is known as the Alternative-A, or “Alt-A” mortgage market. Specifically, we originated a significant number of residential mortgages which,
ix

x
although not considered subprime, were of less than “A” quality. Such loans were based on underwriting standards less rigorous than our traditional ones; we accepted less income documentation and made loans based on fewer assets. Why would we have done that? One glib explanation—that is not an excuse—would be to say we joined the party. In 2004, subprime and “Alt-A” loans comprised 27.6% of bank mortgages in the U.S. By 2005, that percentage had risen to 36.5% and, by the end of 2006, to 47.4%. Put another way,
the value of subprime and “Alt-A” loans rose from $720 billion in 2004 to $1.4 trillion in 2006. Of our 2006 originations, “Alt-A” mortgages totaled $2.7 billion or 37%. Like others, we originated these “Alt-A” loans in the firm expectation that they could be bundled
and expeditiously sold in secondary financial markets—as had become the norm in U.S. mortgage markets and as we’d been doing routinely. We counted on the expected proceeds of such sales in our income projections. In the early months of the year past, however, trouble surfaced. First, the market for such mortgages declined sharply—prompting us to take what we thought at the time was a prudent course: to hold the mortgages in portfolio rather than accept a sale price lower than what we believed the loans were worth. At that time, it was less clear how deep the problems of this market would prove to be. To put
it bluntly, we were left holding the bag. Many of these loans are, to be sure, continuing
to perform well—but some are not. Thus not only were the earnings we anticipated for 2007 through their sale not realized but so, too, is our income from the mortgage loans themselves lagging. This has had the effect of substantially eliminating the net income contribution from our mortgage banking unit. The second major way in which we were linked to the general problems in the financial markets lay in our purchase of several bonds known as collateralized debt obligations (“CDOs”). This once-obscure term has become notorious because of the problems associated with a specific type of CDO: those whose underlying assets were subprime mortgages—those of a sort which M&T has seldom originated. Nor did we actively do so in the year past. We did, however, purchase, at a total cost of $131.7 million, three bonds (technically described as mezzanine ABS CDO securities) whose income was to rely on the payments made by hundreds of thousands
of relatively high-risk borrowers: a mix of prime, mid-prime and subprime residential mortgage-backed securities, commercial mortgage-backed securities and education loans. It should be stressed that this was strictly an investment decision; the higher-returns

offered by CDOs made them look more attractive than, for instance, traditional mortgage- backed securities. That they weren’t all that much higher—just 25 basis points—makes one rue the choice all the more.
The value of this debt has plunged; indeed, it is difficult to assess its value because of the paucity of buyers. We have, however, based on market bids we received, assessed it for purposes of our balance sheet at $4.4 million, or $127.3 million less than what we paid. This write-off is reflected in the net income we have reported—and accounted for a reduction in net income of some $78 million or 71 cents per diluted share.
So it is that the combination of our entry into the “Alt-A” and CDO markets proved to be consequential. Or as New York City Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia once put it—in
the context of defending his general judgment, in 1941—“When I make a mistake, it’s
a beaut!” Of course, one has the impulse to offer a variety of defenses. The $131.7 million
in CDOs which we purchased represented less than 2 percent of M&T’s total securities portfolio. At the time of their purchase, they were highly-rated (Triple A or Double A) by major bond rating agencies. One also can’t help but note that there were a number of other popular but ill-advised investments—such as brokered home equity loans, high-risk auto loans and nationally-syndicated loans not based in our own markets—which we generally avoided. And it’s well worth noting that we’re taking a series of steps to control the damage, including beefing up our collections operation to increase the odds that those “Alt-A” mortgages will not lead to further losses.
But more important than what we’re doing now is the answer to the question: what have we learned? We have, without doubt, learned that it’s a bad idea to outsource our underwriting standards—as in the case of the CDOs. We have been harshly reminded, through both the “Alt-As” and CDOs, that risk has not been repealed and failure to look soberly at the underlying risk of any loan or investment is as foolish today as it ever has been. We’ve been reminded, as well, that putting a lot of high-risk loans in one bucket does not magically make them low-risk—and that to stray from what we know best and do best—our core mission, if you will—can be a serious strategic error. This is especially true in seeking what look, in retrospect, like relatively modest risk premiums, even had they been realized. We can’t guarantee we won’t make such mistakes in the future. We can only assure that we are less likely to do so. Finally, just as we have learned lessons, as described
xi

xii
above, from the vagaries of the credit cycle which came to a head in the year past, so, too, do we hope that others involved in the financial services industry—including those who vouched for the safety and soundness of collateralized debt obligations—will also learn lessons about how better to assess underlying risk.
REGULATION
The problems—indeed, the many tragic personal stories—associated with subprime mortgage delinquencies and foreclosures over the past year have led to increasing calls for regulation, both to ensure the safety and soundness of the financial system and the interests of consumers. Changes in regulation should never be ruled out but any change should only be considered within this context: the existing regulatory regime is extensive and costly, both to consumers and shareholders, and the costs of any new regulations should not outweigh their benefit.
This may seem like an odd, even inappropriate, time to reaffirm our concerns about the costs of regulation. It must be stressed that our concern is based in our core belief that the goal of effective regulation must, first and foremost, be to ensure the safety and soundness of the banking system—and not merely to reduce our own cost burden. Still, not only are those costs considerable but it is not entirely far-fetched to view them as related to the sorts of problems described above.
During the past year, M&T has devoted significant resources to a calculation of
the cost of regulatory compliance—or, as a survey we received from a major accounting firm put it, “the institutional resources, processes and oversight surrounding conformity with applicable regulatory, legislative and internal requirements, as well as with industry standards for operation.” It’s important to emphasize that M&T well understands that
the stability of the American financial system requires banking to be regulated and regularly monitored by government watchdogs. There is a difference, however, between the assurance of safety and soundness and regulations which require banks, for instance, to monitor and report on all but the most minor cash transactions on the off-chance they reflect nefarious activity such as illegal gambling. In such matters, “regulation” actually amounts to the use of private resources as an arm of public law enforcement—and, in this regard and with regulation generally, the possibility that benefits may pale before costs

simply cannot be dismissed. Indeed, I fear that we have seen too many regulations imposed in reaction to crisis—and without a recognition of their full costs.
With that in mind, we thought it important to seek to determine, with some exactness, how much M&T actually devotes to the tasks of regulatory compliance. To do so, we assembled a cost measurement team which has sought to measure, with precision, the full cost of regulatory compliance. These costs include: the compilation and filing
of Suspicious Activities Reports related to activity in customers’ accounts and similar reports regarding currency transactions and wire transfers; financial disclosure forms prepared for those agencies (the Federal Reserve, Securities and Exchange Commission, the New York State Department of Banking, among them) charged with monitoring our safety, soundness and corporate integrity; and compliance with lending requirements for lower-income households and neighborhoods, codified in the Community Reinvestment
Act. This internal team looked at the full range of compliance—not only, in other words, the cost of preparing and filing a Suspicious Activity Report but, too, the cost of training employees to do so and even the time of internal auditors who must make sure that filings occurred as prescribed. It was no easy task even to compile a precise figure for the cost of compliance. In fact, every employee is exposed to web-based training, including an exam, to increase their awareness of key compliance rules. Every division of the company has more than a minor role to play—and each role is distinct.
The total (4.6% of 2007 operating expenses) translates to $71 million annually. Moreover, we estimate, that some 824 full-time equivalent employees devote a substantial portion of their time to the tasks of compliance in some way, including 221 whose work focuses solely on such matters. If one extrapolates these findings to the banking industry as a whole, it is not unreasonable to estimate a total regulatory compliance cost in excess of $12 billion. This is substantial—indeed, so substantial that one cannot rule out the possibility that the burden of regulatory compliance actually distracts us, and others
in the industry, from our core mission. The problems of the year past—particularly the widespread foreclosures linked to subprime mortgages—have, not surprisingly, led to calls for yet more regulation. Indeed, these have already figured, and will likely continue
to figure, in the presidential campaign. The point here is not to rule out nor resist new regulation. Rather, it is to ask that it reflect a dialogue among elected officials, regulators
xiii

xiv
and industry—and not emerge as a crisis-driven mandate, insensitive to the costs and complexities of the modern banking industry and posing its own hidden hazards. Might regulatory compliance have played a role in the industry’s debacles of the year past? To the extent that the industry’s executive talent and other corporate resources may have been overly-focused on regulatory mandates and less on crafting and executing the
best corporate strategy—perhaps so. In this light, it is worth asking whether the next Administration might convene a Commission on Banking Regulation, to serve as a vehicle
for representatives of consumer groups, the banking industry, the general public and, of course, the regulators themselves, to consider the right regulatory balance as it relates to such matters as capital reserves and liquidity, risk-management, transaction monitoring and other matters of public concern.
Crisis, however, must not divert us from the fact that there are limits to the extent to which regulation can protect. Like the general who makes the mistake of re-fighting
the last war, new rules promulgated in response to the last crisis may well not anticipate the next one. For instance, the complex new international banking standards known
as Basel II—toward the prospective compliance with which the banking industry has already invested hundreds of millions of dollars—did not contemplate the sorts of sophisticated derivative instruments which roiled credit markets in 2007 and would not have prevented the sorts of problems which we and other banks experienced. Similarly, formula-driven models that ignore the seasoned judgment of experienced bankers may have led some banks to record an allowance for loan losses that was insufficient. Some of that can be attributed to an ivory-tower demand by accounting rule makers for impeccable documentation about specific losses, rather than acknowledgment of broader credit issues. It is hardly a situation one wants when credit and liquidity concerns are rampant. Wise regulation should always leave room for sound judgment.
GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES
The setbacks of 2007 disappoint us, of course. But our long-term plans for continued growth were never based on quick fixes or speculative investments. Rather, we believe we have assembled the elements needed for our core franchise—retail, business and commercial banking in New York, Pennsylvania and Maryland—to prosper in the coming year and

in years to come. More specifically, we understand ourselves to hold distinct market positions—each of which requires its own approach toward growth—and, in each of which, growth—although it can never be guaranteed—is at least within our grasp. There are three types of markets in which we are active; each presents its own sorts of opportunities.
First, there are what we call our “high share/reliable growth” markets in Upstate New York and central Pennsylvania. These are areas in which we are already a dominant financial institution. M&T, for instance, does business with almost half of all mid-sized commercial firms headquartered in Upstate New York. Nearly one of every three middle market firms here considers M&T their most important or “lead” bank. Notwithstanding such high market shares—and the fact that these are areas in which growth in the economy and number of households is relatively slow—we see a number of ways in which our business can grow here. We can continue, for instance, to expand through prudent acquisitions—and did so in the year past, through our purchase of Partners Trust. The addition of its 33 branches and $2.2 billion of deposits has led to our becoming the market deposit leader in Utica-Rome and Binghamton, as well as reinforcing our leadership position in Syracuse. What’s more, we will seek to provide additional services to our existing customers. The room for such growth is clearly there. Consider, for instance, the fact that, although a large proportion (65%) of all M&T Securities customers are found here, we still only serve 17 percent of our retail customers in Western New York, itself
the region of our highest such market penetration. Crucially, we are fortunate to have the capable and experienced work force to make this possible.
We have a substantial presence, too, in what we describe as our “moderate share
but high growth” markets in metropolitan Baltimore, Greater Washington and southeastern Pennsylvania which we entered in 2003. We well understand, of course, that these are markets in which we face stiff competition from some of the largest U.S. banks. Nonetheless, we see a niche in which we can thrive—as a community-focused bank with a branch and
ATM network that is the rival of any. Such a combination means that our lending decisions will continue to be decentralized—based in the local knowledge of our staff—but that we will nonetheless offer a full range of products for both household and business customers. Put another way, those who seek credit or capital from us will not be told that their request
xv

xvi
must be sent to a distant headquarters to be evaluated and processed. But nor will they be told that their request is the sort with which M&T is not big enough to deal.
We will, in other words, continue to be a full-service bank that remains a community bank. The past year has seen us take significant steps toward implementing that vision. We’ve increased our sales staff and have added branches in both Greater Baltimore and Greater Washington, including branches in the thriving northern Virginia area which we recently purchased.
We have already seen our push in this region begin to pay off in the form of increased lending activity and, most important, an increased contribution to our net income. Indeed, net income from our Mid-Atlantic division grew by 11 percent in 2007—part of a trend which saw the contribution to net income from the Mid-Atlantic region rise, from 2004 through 2007, by a compound annual rate of 22 percent. We are hopeful this trend will continue.
Finally, there are a number of regions in which M&T is not a major retail presence but where we believe we can expand our commercial lines of business. These include
New York City and its contiguous suburbs, as well as New Jersey and Philadelphia. We have long had a successful commercial banking business in these areas—characterized
by a strong local economy, low unemployment and some of the highest levels of personal income in the U.S. We intend to build on our existing locations by expanding into contiguous markets of high potential. We believe the extensive bank consolidation which has occurred in these areas has opened lending opportunities for us. While large banks retrench and focus their offerings on the higher end of the market, and smaller banks struggle with the limitations inherent in their product lines and technology infrastructure, we can meet the needs of the customer in the middle. In 2007, this region contributed
18 percent of M&T’s net operating income. We hope to increase both the amount and share it contributes to our bottom line.
Although our strategies differ in distinct markets, we will continue company-wide initiatives that will help in all our markets. We will, for instance, continue such cost control and efficiency efforts described in these pages in each of the last two years—and which we anticipate, by the end of 2008, will have led to ongoing, annual cost savings in

excess of $75 million. Similarly, we anticipate that additional initiatives, such as expansion in our global sourcing efforts for such functions as information technology, will lead to additional savings. Such efforts continue our initiatives on many fronts, described in
this message the previous two years, to examine and improve a wide variety of our
internal systems—from procurement to the “interface” with customers—so as to improve efficiency. The details of the five major elements of this effort—and their positive impact on earnings—were a focus of this message in those years. The payoff has been significant: we estimate that our expense savings, since our initiatives began in 2004, exceed $150 million. This, too, must be considered an important foundation for income growth in coming years.
Of course, our most important assets are our employees. And we well understand that their skills, capabilities and acumen allowed us to do as well as we did, in the difficult year past. With that in mind, we will continue to invest in those employees, even when times are tough. It is they who make the bank strong and it is their strength that will allow us to improve our performance in the year to come.
Do any of these efforts guarantee a return to increasing earnings per share? The answer, of course, is no—and it would be foolish, indeed, to promise such. But they do offer reassurance that we at M&T understand that only a focus on fundamentals—expanding our network, our deposits and our lending, while taking the time-honored steps to understand and manage risk—can lead to sustained growth. This requires us to keep our attention trained on what we internally refer to as our “blocking and tackling”—a football metaphor which reminds us that only when each employee—from teller to technician, from branch manager to chief executive officer—performs well, can our efforts lead to success. It is my hope that such performance will make it possible, next year in this space, to report better news.
PUBLIC MATTERS
In years past, this message has regularly addressed government and public policy issues which affect the regions in which M&T does business—particularly our headquarters region in Upstate New York. I will not dwell on such topics this year—indeed, this
is no year for this space to cast aspersions on the performance of others, in light of the
xvii

misjudgments noted above. Still, it is worth keeping in mind that government poses problems for M&T’s markets which go beyond industry-specific regulation already discussed. Indeed, the high level of public spending, and consequently towering tax burden, which describes both New York State and many of the cities in which we have a major market presence, continues to inhibit entrepreneurship and economic vitality in our region.
Consider the fact that, from 2003 to 2008 (estimated), the New York State budget rose by an average annual rate of 7.5%, while at the same time the rate of inflation was just 3.0%. What’s more, growth in federal spending during the same period was 6.3%, at a time when the country was at war and, consequently, increased its appropriations for the military to the point that U.S. defense expenditures (in dollars) now exceed those of all other nations combined. New York State had no such obligations—nor explanation.
At the local level, the story is similar. For the period 1995 through 2005, the annual growth rates for New York cities, counties, towns, villages, school districts and fire districts all exceeded the rate of inflation by multiples ranging from 1.5 to 2.1. In other words, even
as its population declines, especially in M&T’s home markets in the Upstate area, public budgets in New York’s state and local government continue a sharp rise. This is simply not a sustainable approach to governance. M&T may not have earned the right, in the year past, to criticize—but our concern about these matters is ongoing.
Robert G. Wilmers Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
February 21, 2008
 xviii
