MESSAgE TO SHArEHOldErS
 iv

This past year marked an unequaled period of performance, in which M&T earned record levels of net income and earnings per common share, while providing much needed lending and deposit services to our communities. Revenues were up, most notably in mortgage banking, where we helped 38,172 customers purchase homes or refinance their mortgage. These trends were also aided by higher levels of trust income, where we completed the integration of Wilmington Trust through the conversion of systems and operations onto a single platform. We increased our share of consumer and business relationships in upstate New York adding to both loans and deposits. We completed M&T’s exit from
the government’s Troubled Asset Relief Program (“TARP”) without diluting the ownership interests of common shareholders. Most notably, we earned a 19.42% net operating return on strengthened levels of average tangible common equity.
Of course these and other accomplishments reflect the hard work and dedication of our employees. The year was characterized by so extensive an effort on the part of our workforce that I can scarcely recall its equal, including completion of one acquisition and preparation for another, submission of a stress test and preparation of another, and a once in a generation opportunity in upstate New York. As always, I owe them my gratitude. Presented below is
a summary of last year’s financial results.
Net income in 2012 measured in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) was $1.03 billion, an improvement of 20% from $859 million in 2011. Diluted earnings per common share were $7.54, a 19% increase from $6.35 per share in the year prior.
v

vi
In an effort to help investors better understand the impact of acquisition activity on M&T’s results, we provide supplemental reporting on a “net operating” or “tangible” basis. Net operating results exclude the after-tax impact of merger-related gains and integration expenses, as well as the effect of core deposit and other intangible assets on both the income statement and the balance sheet. Using that measure, net operating income totaled $1.07 billion in 2012 and $884 million in 2011. That represents a 21% year-over-year improvement. Diluted net operating income per common share rose 20% in 2012, to $7.88. That figure was $6.55 in 2011. Last year’s net operating income represented a rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common shareholders’ equity of 1.40% and 19.42%, respectively. For 2011,
the comparable returns were 1.26% and 17.96%. The details behind the GAAP-based results and the net operating results are reconciled in the accompanying Form 10-K.
M&T’s basic business of making loans and taking deposits improved during the past year. Average loans and leases grew by $6.5 billion, or 12%, to $62.7 billion. Part of that increase reflects the inclusion of a full twelve months of Wilmington Trust’s operations in M&T’s results, as opposed to seven and one-half months in 2011. But beyond the impact from the acquisition, loan growth overall improved as well. Loans at the end of 2012 increased 11% from the end of 2011. Average deposits increased $6.3 billion, or 11%, to $62.0 billion. Of note, from the end of 2011 to the end of 2012, deposits increased 10%, or $6.2 billion, to $65.6 billion.
Average earning assets increased 9% to $70.3 billion in 2012 from $64.7 billion in 2011. That increase contributed to a similar 9% improvement in taxable- equivalent net interest income, which rose to $2.62 billion in 2012. The net interest margin, or taxable-equivalent net interest income expressed as a percentage

of average earning assets, held steady between the years. That core measure of profitability registered at 3.73% in both 2012 and 2011.
While the economy is not as strong or growing as rapidly as we might wish, the repayment performance of our customers continues to improve. That better performance manifests itself in two ways. First, as has been the case historically, improving economic conditions led to lower levels of nonaccrual loans and overall credit costs. Net loan charge-offs declined to $186 million last year, an improvement from $265 million in 2011. The net charge-off ratio, which is expressed as a percentage of average loans outstanding, declined to 0.30% in 2012 from 0.47% in the prior year. That ratio continues to be the lowest among the group of large regional and super-regional commercial banks that we consider to be our peers. By way of perspective, over the past 30 years this figure has averaged 0.37%. The level of nonaccrual loans, those on which we no longer accrue interest income due to concern about their full collectibility, also improved when compared with 2011. That improvement came both in dollar terms and as a percentage of balances outstanding. Nonaccrual loans totaled $1.01 billion at the end of 2012, amounting to 1.52% of loans outstanding. The corresponding amount was $1.10 billion or 1.83% of outstanding balances at the end of 2011. Despite that noteworthy progress, nonaccrual loans and the nonaccrual loan ratio remain elevated compared to what we would expect in a healthier economic environment.
The second indication of improving credit performance relates to expected cash flows associated with loans obtained in business combinations. As described in these pages last year, under the accounting guidelines for acquired loans, improved credit performance presents itself in our financial statements in a different manner than for credit extended in the ordinary course of business. Loans obtained through acquisition are recorded at fair value as of the merger date, based on our then estimates of collectible cash
vii

viii
flows. When credit conditions improve and our estimates of cash flows rise, the increase is recognized as interest income over the remaining terms of the loans. During 2012, our expectations for the amount of cash payments we will collect from acquired loans rose by $200 million. Of that amount, some $45 million was recorded as additional interest income in 2012, while the remainder will be realized in future periods. Those improved cash flows contributed to the stability of our net interest margin.
The economic outlook and the still elevated level of nonaccrual loans, combined with the need to establish reserves for new loans, led us to record
a provision for credit losses of $204 million in 2012. That addition to our allowance for credit losses, less the $186 million of net loan charge-offs noted above, resulted in a net increase of $18 million to the allowance, which ended the year at $926 million. The allowance as a percentage of loans outstanding was 1.39% at the end of 2012, which was a decline from 1.51% at the end of 2011. Additionally, we have generally written down loans obtained in acquisitions by recording them at discounts from their stated face value. The portion of those discounts that represents loan principal balances that we do not anticipate collecting totaled $413 million at December 31, 2012, an amount above and beyond our $926 million allowance for credit losses.
Noninterest income rose to $1.67 billion last year, an increase of 5% from $1.58 billion in 2011. Mortgage banking revenues more than doubled
to $349 million from $166 million in 2011. That growth reflected robust mortgage refinancing activity by customers, given near historical low interest rates. Trust and investment services revenues reflected the contribution resulting from the full-year impact of our acquisition of Wilmington Trust in the spring of 2011. That effect contributed to a 42% rise in those revenues to $472 million from $332 million in 2011. As explained in detail last year, noninterest income in 2011 included a $65 million gain arising from the

consummation of the Wilmington Trust merger, $73 million of net investment gains, and a $55 million litigation recovery.
Noninterest expenses were $2.51 billion in 2012, up slightly from $2.48 billion in the prior year. Excluding merger-related expenses as well as the amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets, noninterest operating expenses were $2.44 billion in 2012 and $2.33 billion in 2011. As with noninterest revenues, that five percent increase reflects twelve months of Wilmington Trust’s results in 2012. As reported last year, the 2011 figures include an impairment charge of $79 million on our investment in Bayview Lending Group and a $40 million contribution to The M&T Charitable Foundation.
2012: iTS MEANiNg fOr M&T
There are any number of ways in which to exemplify M&T’s successful performance of the past year. Clearly, the fact that total earnings topped $1 billion for the first time is a major achievement. The combination of earnings strength and growth in core capital were two of the factors that allowed us to continue
to benefit, opportunistically, through acquisitions. We anticipate, moreover,
that our recently announced purchase of Hudson City Bancorp, a traditional savings-and-loan headquartered in Paramus, New Jersey, will, when completed, be immediately accretive to both M&T’s earnings and capital ratios, while expanding our branch network presence, retail business and overall commercial banking operations in one of the nation’s most important markets.
rOAdS NOT TAkEN: While we continued to rely on our traditional core strengths to progress in 2012, we also benefitted, rather unconventionally, from a transaction that we did not execute. The fact that we are able to undertake acquisitions has not blinded us to the reality that not every opportunity is equally rewarding and that every transaction has its own risks requiring a cautious approach to pricing. When HSBC (Hong Kong & Shanghai Banking
ix

x
Corporation) decided to exit retail banking in our home town and other parts of New York, it was tempting to acquire its branch system and to purchase its deposits. In considering such an endeavor, however, we were concerned about the likelihood of mandatory divestitures and the feasibility of a quick redeployment of acquired deposits into loans, given our already strong,
and arguably dominant, presence in the upstate New York markets. More importantly, we were worried about customers’ propensity to choose a new home amidst such large market disruption. We were less confident about the benefits of such an acquisition, and in the end, fell short of the eventual pricing. However, some of the very concerns that led to our skittish approach towards the transaction have proven beneficial in the aftermath. The market disruption caused by the exit of a large competitor, whose branch system was divided among four other banks, has resulted in some of the customers migrating to M&T, assisted by a well-trained sales force that has covered these markets
for generations. Thus, what we had come to regard as a slower-growth, high- return segment of our franchise has, instead, proved to be one temporarily characterized by high growth, as we have acquired customers, made loans and received new deposits at a pace unseen in upstate New York for a very long time. These markets accounted for 36% of overall commercial loan growth and 44% of deposit growth. This contributed markedly to our overall 2011-2012 growth in deposits, which at 11.3%, was more than double the industry average of 5.0%.
POST-CriSiS rECOvEry
The positive results of 2012 represent, however, more than one year’s effort. They can be said, rather, to be the culmination of slow and steady rebuilding, in the wake of the financial crisis that began in 2007. One particularly useful method to gauge that progress is to note that 2012 earnings, at $7.54 per share, surpassed those of 2006, the last full year prior to the crisis. To be specific, earnings per share had not returned to the 2006 level for any of the years intervening.

It is well worth noting that, although 2012 did see us reach a new earnings peak, M&T, in contrast to many of our peers, had not experienced
any significant disruption to our business model over the past six years,
beyond those unforced errors referred to in the 2009 Message to Shareholders. Indeed, even as the financial crisis that became known as the Great Recession developed, we never missed, or reduced, our dividend payments. This stability gave us the capacity to take advantage of a range of acquisition opportunities that a troubled and changing economy has made available. In 2009, we acquired the largest independent bank based in Maryland, Provident Bankshares Corporation – which was under pressure from losses in its investment
portfolio – giving us a dominant market share in Baltimore and the State of Maryland. In 2011, we expanded into Delaware with the acquisition of the market share leader, Wilmington Trust, which was struggling with losses in its distressed commercial real estate portfolio. The Wilmington Trust acquisition broadened and diversified our revenue stream by expanding our product offerings in Wealth Management and Trust services, and led to our becoming one of the largest trust companies in the United States, raising our ranking
to 9th among U.S. bank holding companies. Lastly, we will substantially strengthen our presence in New Jersey and the greater New York metropolitan area with the recently announced Hudson City transaction. Despite all
these acquisitions, however, we have not strayed too far from home. After completion of the Hudson City acquisition, we will have nearly doubled in size while merely increasing the radius of our “footprint” by less than 30 miles – suggesting a deeper focus in the communities we know and serve.
Our earnings strength and stability over the past six years was also instrumental in completing a smooth exit from the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s TARP program this past August. M&T entered the program in December 2008 by issuing $600 million of preferred stock and a warrant to
xi

xii
purchase 1.2 million shares of M&T’s common stock. Through Provident and Wilmington Trust, we assumed responsibility for an additional $481.5 million of TARP preferred stock and associated warrants. This past summer, we worked with the Treasury Department and the banking regulators to shape a plan to complete M&T’s final exit from the program, assisting the U.S. Treasury in
full recovery of its investment. Overall, Treasury was repaid $1.24 billion in principal and dividends, which included Treasury’s investment in now merged institutions that had weakened, putting their ability to repay in doubt. Treasury earned an additional $32 million in net proceeds from the auction of 1.2 million of M&T warrants last December. The latter was made possible by the 32% appreciation in M&T’s share price over the four year period that Treasury held the warrants. Indeed, this repayment must be seen as a satisfying culmination of our involvement with the TARP for all concerned – M&T, our shareholders, the U.S. government, and taxpayers.
In summary, while our earnings in 2012 look more like 2006, we emerged from the crisis a much stronger, deeper and reinvigorated franchise than we were in 2006. None of these accomplishments would be possible, however, absent the foundation of a workforce which is deep, capable and committed.
MANy MArkETS, ONE CulTurE
As this record of performance makes clear, the growth of M&T over the past decade has been substantial. In 2003, prior to the acquisition of Allfirst,
there were 9,197 employees and 450 branches. Following the completion of the integration of Hudson City, we anticipate having over 16,500 employees and 864 branches. Over the course of the past two decades, M&T has expanded its reach from a single state to seven and become one of the top 20 U.S.-based commercial bank holding companies. Such growth, as gratifying and as well executed as it has been, should not be mistaken to have occurred without challenge. We are

under no illusion that acquisition leads, inevitably, to successful integration. Rather, we approach with the utmost seriousness the task of infusing the M&T culture into those newly merged institutions – with the understanding that doing so is central to our prospects for success.
THE M&T CulTurE
When President Clinton was first nominated to be President, in his acceptance speech he said Al Gore and he came from towns where people knew when they were born and cared when they died. Many of M&T’s communities are such places and as such they are more representative of the values of Middle America than of Wall Street or Hollywood. These values represent the inner strength
of the United States in which people overwhelmingly desire to see their towns, villages, neighbors and institutions do well, and are concerned when they do badly. There is often a strong bond among the religious institutions, the local businesses, the schools, the libraries, the universities, the hospitals, and the social organizations, as well as the people who work in local government. It has always been important that bankers play a leading role in such communities
as they tend to be part of the glue that bonds them together with a focus on improving the quality of life.
At M&T it is easy for us to be that binding agent given the nature of the Middle American cities in which we operate. We have a more level playing field for colleagues to transfer from town to town, and to share in and enhance the M&T culture of community banking while, at the same time, broadening their professionalism as bankers.
Some History: In 1983, M&T was not among the nation’s largest banks. It wasn’t even the largest bank in Buffalo. In fact, it was fourth by deposit share and it was not in the best of shape. Too much of its lending took place outside its home market. It lacked top talent at the senior management level.
xiii

xiv
But it did have some significant strengths – chief among them a committed, local work force, long-tenured at the Bank and loyal to it and the community itself. Buffalonians are honest, friendly, well-educated and highly skilled
with a strong work ethic and a no-nonsense attitude. One of our largest shareholders once noted: “Smart people are pretty easy to find, but you can’t train friendliness. In Buffalo, you have a combination of smart and friendly.” (One might say the same about other cities that M&T ultimately expanded
into: Rochester, Syracuse, Wilkes-Barre, Harrisburg or Baltimore.) It is Middle American in culture and character, just as so many of our markets today, and included many members of the same families, some of who have worked for
the Bank for generations. Even today, in M&T’s western New York market, more than 847 of our employees have a family member – whether husband, wife, son or daughter – also building a career at M&T. We see this as a vote of confidence in our corporate culture – as well as one of the ways and means that culture is sustained. Their commitment and local knowledge would become a building block of the approach we call community banking – an approach based on familiarity with their home markets and long-term relationships between and among loan officers, branch managers and their customers. It was clear in those early days, however, that M&T needed more to make that approach pay off. It needed talented senior managers, from wherever we could find them. It needed a management built for the long-term – who saw themselves not just as employees but as owners. And it needed to identify talent already in its ranks – and give them the opportunity to rise and shine.
Those challenging years were, in other words, the crucible in which M&T’s culture was forged. The strategies of that era have become formal parts of who we are today. Its building blocks will no doubt be familiar to regular readers of this Message. They include prudent lending based on a detailed understanding of markets, straightforward products that are easily understood

by our customers, a sense on the part of our employees of ownership and accountability, and an operating belief that well-trained employees with long tenure are our most valuable assets. To these guide stars, one might add an ever-present awareness that the only good loan is one that gets paid back. We have not approached the challenge of maintaining and, indeed, disseminating our culture either superficially or haphazardly. Rather, we have approached the task both resolutely and systematically.
The loyalty and commitment we see from M&T employees can only be maintained through reciprocity. It means nurturing talent, rewarding initiative and promoting from within. So it is that we initiated processes to address those gaps in our then current and future management ranks. Although it began almost two decades earlier, in 2005, we codified what we call a Talent Review process,
in which formal and informal assessments are gathered regarding employees. Every year, M&T’s Executive Management Committee convenes a series of meetings to discuss, in depth, the strengths and opportunities for improvement and advancement of our 150 top managers. It is a venue for honest and open discussion about the needs of each division and region. Through this review of the Bank’s leadership and reflection about the Bank itself, talent emerges. We
fast track that talent and give them outsized responsibilities in order to stretch their horizons and broaden their experience. This is our means of expanding capacity and has allowed us to be prepared for growth through organic means or acquisitions. Over the years, this top-level process has been embraced throughout the organization. So much so that in 2012, some 200 meetings were held across the Bank to discuss growth and advancement opportunities for employees that represent our current or future leadership.
This annual process has initiated meaningful change over the years,
as M&T has moved beyond its home market. At least 413 members of our leadership have worked in more than one of our community banking regions
xv

xvi
and 141 have worked in at least three – many starting in Buffalo and moving on to other parts of our expanding corporate “footprint,” thus helping to preserve and spread our core corporate culture. So it is that a one-time Buffalo branch manager could become the President of M&T. Or that a young woman hired as a trainee in Buffalo in 1985, has gone on to hold positions in Rochester, Ithaca, and Baltimore – before taking on her current role as overall head of M&T’s small business division.
We remain committed as well to the systematic recruitment and
hiring of new talent anywhere we find it. M&T’s approach to the renewal of its corporate human capital relies on actively recruiting new college and university graduates for our training programs – which target new MBAs from top-
tier business schools and new college graduates from select institutions, not limited to those in the areas where we do business. Over the past five years, recruits came from such universities as Harvard, Yale, Princeton and Duke,
and equally important, also from schools throughout our footprint such as the State University of New York at Buffalo, the University of Maryland, Gettysburg College, University of Scranton, Frostburg State University, and the University of Delaware. Since their establishment in the mid-1980s, M&T has never reduced the size of these programs, maintaining a consistent policy of hiring trainees every year, regardless of the state of the economy or the banking sector.
The development of this talent pipeline has frequently led to long-term employee commitment: 396 of the trainees hired into these programs over the past 10 years continue to advance their career at M&T. It’s worth noting that these programs have been the launching pads for the careers of many in our senior management – 14 have progressed to senior vice president or higher, including three members of our current Executive Management Committee.
Central to the long tenure, loyalty and employee commitment is ownership. Avoiding banking fads and the lure of short-term spikes in earnings

requires long-term commitment. At M&T, that commitment is sustained, in part, by its ownership structure. Today some 18.5% of the company’s stock is owned or controlled by M&T’s management, directors and employees. Fully 2,638 or 93% of the employees with corporate titles at the level of vice-president and above own M&T stock. If they act like owners, it’s because they are.
It is our belief that the ties to the communities we serve must be
driven by much more than commercial endeavors. We understand community banking, further, to mean support – both financially and through the efforts
of employee volunteers – for important community activities. We encourage, recognize and reward such efforts. It should be no surprise, then, that M&T employees have played a significant role in hundreds of community initiatives, from the Ride for Roswell which raises funds for the Roswell Park Cancer Institute in Buffalo, to Baltimore’s Dragon Boat Races which serve to benefit that city’s Catholic Charities, to Eastern Pennsylvania’s The Elegance at Hershey which supports juvenile diabetes research, to 745 employees serving on the boards of not-for-profit organizations in our communities. We’ve encouraged the efforts of employees, self-organized into seventeen “resource groups” –
with the goal of advancing business development, employee development, recruiting enhancement, community outreach, cultural awareness and employee engagement. The M&T Charitable Foundation complements these efforts with its own support and in 2012 alone it identified 3,149 community organizations to receive grants totaling $20.1 million. The Foundation pursues no narrow corporate purposes but rather, focuses on a higher goal: making
the communities we serve better places to live.
The combination of stability and growth that have characterized M&T has nurtured the commitment of our employees to the company – and ours to them. That, in turn, contributes to M&T’s prospects, as well as to the recruitment of the new talent any growing organization needs.
xvii

xviii
In short, M&T’s financial success is linked, inextricably, to the story of its corporate culture. In Washington and elsewhere, people may be at each other’s throats and rewarded for brokering no compromise. In the Middle American communities we serve, citizens still work together for the common good – and want those doing business with them to share that same ethic and play a constructive role. At M&T, that is exactly how we see our role. Succeeding in that task, while growing steadily over the years,
has been our challenge.
Ownership, culture and talent development have served as foundation for M&T’s successful long-term record of performance and underpin my confidence about its future prospects. My thoughts about the overall banking industry, however, remain less sanguine.
THE BANkiNg CliMATE
M&T’s approach to banking, and the benefits we bring to the communities we serve, might be considered a reflection of what banking should be: a vehicle for protecting savings and prudently directing those savings to provide mortgage loans to home-buyers and financing for commerce and industry. One cannot help, however, but be aware that this is not the image Americans currently have of banks. Last year in this space I wrote, “The wide spectrum of the culpable has left the U.S. and the world with a problem which, although related to the financial crisis, transcends it and must be confronted: the decimation
of public trust in once-respected institutions and their leaders.” I very much wish that I could say that the passage of time has seen a restoration of that trust – but I fear it is not so.
Rather, to judge by the ongoing growth and extent of bank regulation, there is less focus and appreciation of banks as providers of potential benefits than as sources of potential problems. Despite the fact that traditional banks,

for the most part, played a limited role in sparking the financial crisis, they are viewed disproportionately through that prism. Indeed, 35 percent of Americans polled by Gallup expressed “very little” or “no” confidence in U.S. banks – one of the worst results on record since Gallup began such surveys in 1979.
Yet as the wages of financial sins are visited on banking as a whole, the image and, crucially, the nature of regulatory oversight – and the low level of public confidence in the industry – is principally influenced by questionable activities associated with the largest banks. Last year this Message discussed the fines, sanctions and legal awards levied against the “Big Six” bank holding companies that represent the U.S. banking oligopoly as a public barometer of their wrongdoings. The mercury level is still rising. In 2011, those penalties were $13.9 billion. In 2012, they more than doubled to $29.3 billion. Thus, the past two years represent the majority of the cumulative $52 billion in charges, from 236 separate actions in eight countries, over the past 11 years. To the average citizen, these figures imply that the problem is getting worse – and at an accelerating pace.
Regaining public confidence and reversing that trend will take
more – much more – than better public relations or uplifting advertising.
In order to regain that confidence, banking must begin to take steps towards its own reform. At the same time, banking is just one leg of the complex apparatus that has weakened the public’s trust in our financial system.
Thus, reversing the tide and regaining positive momentum will require demonstrated leadership on the part of many. Here follow some thoughts on three areas – compensation, accounting clarity and regulatory complexity – and some ideas about steps that can be taken to restore those qualities of trust, clarity and confidence which historically made for a financial system on which Americans could rely.
xix

xx
COMPENSATiON: The level of executive compensation, despite the questionable performance of the industry through the Great Recession, remains at astronomical levels when compared to the wages of an average American worker. The current compensation of those employed in traditional banking amounts to 1.2 times that of the average U.S. worker. In comparison, the average compensation at the Big
Six is three times that benchmark – with employees at one of those firms earning more than five times. That institution has 32,400 employees, who on average earn $399 thousand. Not to mention the average compensation package of the Big Six CEOs that stands at 234 times. For the average American, such salaries appear
to be simply stratospheric – making possible a life-style which seems distant to Middle America – and naturally raises the question of why leaders at a handful of firms that have done so much damage to the economy and to the reputation of our industry continue to enjoy such lofty perks. The excessive compensation packages at some of these banks, beyond their alleged role in the crisis and ongoing scandals, are typically subject to excessive media coverage, which stokes the public antipathy even further.
An argument can be made that large bank CEO pay packages led the parade toward higher executive compensation at all large public corporations over the last three decades. For a long time and as late as the early 1990s, the average compensation for CEOs of the six largest banks was lower than that
for their top non-banking counterparts. For instance, from 1969 to 1979, those executives’ compensation averaged $317 thousand or just 0.7 times that of executives at the Fortune top 50 non-bank corporations. Over the next decade, by 1989, that measure had increased to 0.9 times their non-bank peers. By 1999, however, their average pay had risen to $16.5 million, representing a multiple of 2.2 times that earned by the nation’s leading non-bank executives. Today their remuneration remains in that same stratosphere and is on par with executive pay at the 50 largest non-bank corporations.

Leadership requires sacrifice and the time is right for boards and executives to end the party of their own volition – to make a sacrifice, to right-size compensation and make clear to the public what the new limits will be. Given the nature of how executive compensation is set, by benchmarking across industries, banking perhaps can and should lead the trend downward. Our industry cannot ignore the fact that the growing divide between rich
and poor, so much the subject of our political discourse, poses a threat to our democracy and social order – not to mention the association of this issue with the name of banking itself.
ACCOuNTiNg ClAriTy: Banks cannot, by themselves, restore confidence in
the financial system. Public mistrust of the banking and financial services industries has, rather, many sources including the opaque nature of bank balance sheets. Indeed, investors have long discounted the value of banks relative to other industries precisely because of that opacity. Fear of hidden risks and obligations embedded in bank balance sheets may have reached an all-time high during the financial crisis – and it has hardly ebbed since. A bank trading at or even below tangible book value suggests a lack of investor confidence and/or fear of unforeseeable future losses. This crisis of confidence clearly saps the strength of the economy. The financial services industry itself is in part to blame, but equally complicit is the industry whose very existence is predicated on laying
the foundation for transparency – on making it reasonably easy to read and understand a company’s financial statements.
The double entry bookkeeping system was documented in the fifteenth century by the Father of Accounting, Franciscan Friar and collaborator of Leonardo DaVinci, Luca Pacioli. It revolutionized business and economics and brought clarity to financial statements and made easily understandable the health of a company. It goes almost without saying that since its emergence
xxi

xxii
in the last quarter of the 19th century, the internationally-respected U.S. accounting system has, for the most part, served as a foundation for confidence in business in more contemporary times. Indeed, until relatively recently, those with a basic knowledge of accounting could, with minimal difficulty, understand the elements of balance sheets and income statements. Today, even sophisticated investors find these financial statements to be cumbersome and complex.
The trend away from accounting clarity reflects, to no small degree, changes in the financial services industry itself, including the emergence over the past several decades of complex new investment vehicles. However, it can be traced, as well, to the advent of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”), the quasi-public entity established in 1973 with the laudable goal of standardizing practices. It also has the authority to issue rules which must be followed by certified public accountants and the companies they audit. FASB, understandably and to its credit, has worked to adjust rule-making to keep pace with the changes in investment forms. However, it has added unnecessary complexity to the financial statements of institutions whose business model
is centered around traditional activities of extending credit and taking deposits. For instance, the notes to M&T’s 2012 financial statements contain 30,586 words, characters and numbers – an 8.2 fold increase from 3,740 in
the 1983 annual report. Over the past five years, FASB’s team of more than 60 accountants has spent $164 million to promulgate 94 accounting standards updates and positions. Unfortunately, the result has been the creation of a system of financial statements, disclosures, and accounting standards that are confusing to investors and no longer serve their originally intended purpose. To cite a few examples:
FASB has displayed a penchant in its accounting and disclosure requirements for bank financial instruments to use fair value – that is, the amount of consideration that would be exchanged between a willing buyer and

a willing seller. M&T, for instance, is obligated to disclose fair value information about all financial instruments including loans and deposits held on its balance sheet. These disclosures span 11 pages of footnotes – despite the fact that a vast majority of instruments on M&T’s balance sheet are not designated for trading or sale and none of the 26 analysts who follow its stock, or for that matter any of its 15,623 shareholders, has ever asked a single question on the topic.
Once a bank completes an acquisition, its financial statements contain a mix of – originated loans that are reported at historical cost accompanied by a traditional, transparent and readily understandable allowance for credit losses – and acquired loans that are initially recorded at fair value, which is based on subjective estimates of future cash flows and opaquely reflects credit losses. These two divergent methods of accounting for loans make it difficult to compare the financial statements of an institution which has obtained a meaningful percentage of its loans through acquisition with one that has obtained its loans organically. This has been particularly challenging for regulators, rating agencies and investors alike, who evaluate institutions on
a comparative basis and in some cases have not updated their methods to reflect this accounting.
For originated loans, improving economic conditions have long been recognized through the loan loss allowance, but for loans acquired at a discount, the improved outlook is awkwardly reflected in the loan yield. To add further confusion, the accounting treatment is asymmetric. Improved estimates of future cash flows are recorded over time through interest income, while lower estimates of future cash flows are recorded immediately through provisions for loan losses. Again, a divergent approach for similar issues.
The concern regarding bank managements’ ability to use the loan loss allowance for earnings manipulation steered the accounting regulators to encourage extensive documentation requirements for loan loss reserve
xxiii

xxiv
calculations and measurement of incurred losses. That approach, unfortunately, contributed to a significant delay in the recognition of prudent loan loss reserves by banks such that, after the crisis hit, banks had to build up their loan loss allowances in the worst of times. No bank makes a loan with an expectation that the customer will default. But at the same time, we recognize that not all of our loans will be repaid. Current accounting practices do not allow for recognition
of expected losses. In other words, it makes no sense to buy tents and umbrellas when the storm has already passed through and done its damage.
FASB standards, in fact, sometimes seem to allow practices that run counter to what common sense would dictate. For instance, when the value of a bank’s own debenture declines, the bank may record an equivalent increase as income if it so chooses. Indeed, in the third quarter of 2011, 61% of the $22.0 billion pre-tax income reported by four of the Big Six banks was nothing more than an artifact of their own bonds dropping in value. When a company’s debt declines in value, it should not result in management reporting gains on debt that it is less likely to repay.
These are but a few examples of the loss of accounting clarity. As these words are being written, we are encouraged to note that FASB has put forth proposals to re-instate the use of an allowance for acquired loans and to adopt an expected loss model for establishing the allowance, among other proposed changes. While these sound like steps in the right direction, whether or not they are will be contained within the details of any new schema that FASB ultimately adopts. Based on past performance in this area, however, the accounting standard-development process is slow and there exists the potential for years
of confusion on the part of investors.
FASB’s mission has been described as – to establish and improve standards of financial accounting and reporting for the guidance and education of the public, and to improve common understanding of the purpose of information

in financial reports. Unfortunately, it has failed in that very mission and probably would make Pacioli turn over in his grave. It has, however, brought to accounting both complexity and obfuscation, rather than the clarity we need
to re-establish public trust. The confusion and opaqueness that the accounting profession appears to prefer has made it more difficult for an intelligent investor to understand the balance sheets and income statements of many banks.
But if complexity and counter-intuitive rules and practices do not serve investors or analysts well, they do benefit the accounting firms, which act as their (well-paid) enforcement agents. Today the accounting industry has become an oligopoly of just four major firms, not dissimilar to the three rating agencies and the six large banks that represent 89.8% of all trading among the 7,068 FDIC insured institutions (including two that represent 51.3% of all trading). The
two oligopolies, one of mega-banks and the other of the accounting industry,
are closely intertwined. The Big Four serve as the accountant for every one of
the 25 largest U.S. bank holding companies. In fact, they are also the auditors
for all 28 Systemically Important Financial Institutions around the world. Indeed, revenues earned by the Big Four firms have doubled since 2003. In
2012, 32.7% of the revenue at the Big Four was derived from consulting and advisory services. Banks have no choice but to retain members of the oligopoly to decipher the accounting and regulatory morass generated by the aftermath
of the crisis – rules which, in many cases, are not even relevant to the business models of most financial institutions – but inure to the benefit of the Big Four accounting firms.
Thus it is far from unreasonable to conclude that the current chaotic and challenging period for the financial services industry will continue to be one of untold prosperity for the accounting oligopoly. Such prospects for extraordinary riches provide ample incentives to go along with the status quo even if it is against the very core of accounting’s purpose. Yet, this is
xxv

xxvi
a time when the accounting firms and the corporations that retain them should seek to bring clarity to shareholders as well as regulators. In some way, major accounting firms should strive, impartially, to convene a higher-level discussion aimed toward creating a system that better serves investors and the public alike, rather than staying silent. More importantly, given the deep interconnectivity with the banking industry, accountants may be the best intermediary between FASB, investors, regulators and the financial services industry to broker solutions and devise systems that are less complex.
At present, we have an accounting system that is too complicated to understand, confuses more than it resolves, and operates in a manner that has been beneficial mostly to itself. That system is broken, in need of courageous leadership and, perhaps alternative thinking. Complex accounting rules coupled with page after page of information overload in financial statement footnotes is not the same thing as full disclosure. It is time for voices from the ranks of the Big Four themselves to be raised, to call for simplicity and transparency – even if it means that they forego their own fees and retainers.
rEgulATOry COMPlExiTy: Just as accounting had to change in response to the emergence of new financial instruments, so, too, did financial regulation need to change in response to the financial crisis. But, as with the trends in accounting, the direction of new regulation raises concerns. The most effective regulation must be based on clarity and simplicity. Put another way, when the rules are easy to understand and follow, there’s a greater likelihood they’ll be followed. We are, unfortunately, seeing the emergence of unprecedented – and unhelpful – regulatory complexity.
Much has been written about the 2,319 pages known as Dodd-Frank and the burden its rulemakings have imposed on the banking industry – sometimes with little direct relevance such as SEC disclosure requirements for “conflict minerals” from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or a required study on

the impact of Chinese drywall quality on mortgage foreclosures. Its protracted timeframe, coupled with the prospect of constant implementation of new rules, has left investors confused and frustrated and has brought ambiguity to everything concomitant to the financial markets. As of the end of 2012, a mere 136 rules, or just one-third of 398 required rulemakings, had been finalized. So far 60% of the past rulemaking deadlines have been missed. At this rate,
its implementation may still be incomplete at the time of the next Presidential election. The fact that rules on topics so central to the mission and health
of the banking system such as Basel III capital and liquidity have yet to be finalized creates uncertainty – which business and investors fear most. Yet, even partially complete, Dodd-Frank has already introduced unprecedented levels
of compliance mandates. Its rules, proposed rules and notices already in place, represent 18,102 pages in the Federal Register.
While regulatory burdens and increasing cost of compliance have long been part of this Message, I am not opposed to regulation and compliance where it adds to the public good. And, in some cases they are appropriate and could be constructive for the industry. There is no question that capital plan and stress-testing submissions to the Federal Reserve have caused M&T to re-examine a number of processes and controls across the organization. A new Risk Committee, distinct from our current Audit Committee, will improve risk governance by focusing solely on it. So, too, will the hiring of a Chief Risk Officer, who will report to the Risk Committee – and to me.
But while the benefits of new forms of regulation and oversight must be acknowledged, I fear they may be outweighed by their increased levels of complexity, costs and uncertainty. While each rule or practice is undoubtedly designed to resolve a specific issue – in aggregate, they often impose an unforeseen burden on commercial banks and, thus, on the U.S. economy. The examples are numerous.
xxvii

xxviii
A natural concern on the part of regulators is to ensure that crises
do not reoccur. In the process, no bank is entirely trusted and voluminous reports must be prepared by bankers and examiners alike. M&T’s recent stress testing and capital plan submission encompassed filing 6,199 pages of analysis, reports, templates and follow-ups – not to mention the regulatory resources
then required to parse through that documentation. Inspection is welcome,
and ultimately may lead to a more well run institution, but the history of financial crises has shown that excessive reliance on models and formulas can be dangerous when not tempered by judgment. Perhaps the same improvement in safety and soundness of the financial system could be achieved through a better dialogue between the regulators and the regulated.
Complex regulation at times works at cross purpose with public policy
or at least makes it more costly to achieve. I think here of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation’s new assessment methodology, which requires higher premiums for well-secured construction projects and less for working capital loans, although the former create more jobs. As such, this policy runs counter
to the number one priority of government – creation of new employment.
So too, are we experiencing a two and a half times increase in the number of mortgage loan files inspected by a greater number of regulatory agencies who are now mandated to assess compliance in this area. Costs have increased with little or no change in the outcome.
The onslaught of new regulations has the combined effect of significantly inhibiting and raising the cost of the services, including lending, which the economy so much needs and which banks are being hectored
to provide. Indeed, we might consider this a kind of misguided regulatory chemotherapy – where the treatment meant to eliminate cancer cells damages healthy ones in the process.

The Economist in February 2012 put it well: “The really big issue that Dodd-Frank raises isn’t about the institutions it creates, how they operate, how much they cost or how they are funded. It is the risk that they and other parts of the Dodd-Frank apparatus will smother financial institutions in so much red tape that innovation is stifled and America’s economy suffers.”
Overall, a heavy burden has been placed on the banking industry –
some reasonable, some excessive – and the result has been an imposition
of quantum increases in analyses, reports, systems and models. These new requirements will undoubtedly create unforeseen and unintended consequences not only for the banking industry and regulators, but for consumers, businesses and communities that were so removed from the source of the crisis we are attempting to fix. One wishes that those charged with understanding and limiting such risk would consider, too, the effect of their individual actions, not in isolation, but in the totality of their impact on the economy. Such changes were surely not in the plans of those who drafted Dodd-Frank, or in the minds of those designing its regulations – or for that matter of examiners and overseers at the many layers of government. Simply put, they are inhibiting, not helping, the economic recovery. As a banker, it has always been my understanding
that a bank’s core mission is that of extending credit to the ambitious and entrepreneurial, those who have good ideas and the drive to implement
them. By their nature, such loans entail risk, but they are entered into with an overwhelming desire to see the interests of all those represented in the Middle American towns, villages and cities throughout the country, both individuals and institutions, advance and thrive.
Two decades ago, in 1992, the former Democratic presidential candidate, George McGovern, after a small business he owned filed for bankruptcy, lamented the negative impacts of regulation on local businesses and consumers– writing,
xxix

“The problem we face as legislators is: Where do we set the bar so that
it is not too high to clear?” It is time for the banking industry, the accountants, the regulators and the legislators to work together to strike the right balance. Our economy will not grow without it.
It is, of course, gratifying, to no small extent, that M&T continues to navigate treacherous waters well. Ultimately, however, neither we nor any financial institution, let alone one that works in the best interest of the communities, businesses and customers it serves, can thrive absent the trust and confidence
of the public at large. It is in the interests of such a prospect that I have offered the observations in this Message.
This past year saw James Beardi and Atwood “Woody” Collins, both Executive Vice Presidents and members of the Executive Management Committee, announce their transition into retirement. Jim served in a variety of roles in the Commercial, Retail and Operating Divisions of the Bank over his four decades
of service. After serving in M&T’s New York City and Hudson Valley Divisions, Woody moved to Baltimore in 2003 following M&T’s acquisition of Allfirst and was instrumental in establishing and growing M&T’s presence in the Mid-Atlantic market. He will continue in an advisory role with our Wilmington Trust Wealth Advisory Services business. I greatly appreciate their respective contributions
to our success and wish them both well.
Robert G. Wilmers Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
February 22, 2013 xxx
 