  4
MESSAGE TO STOCKHOLDERS

It is in the nature of communications such as this to reflect on the year past. And, indeed, there is much about 2002 at M&T of which to be proud. An unbroken pattern of double-digit increases in diluted cash earnings
per share continued for a ninth consecutive year, notwithstanding a much-slowed economy. Although we were by no means immune from the risks and reverses visited this past year on the financial services industry as a whole, cash earnings, nonetheless, climbed by 7%, and diluted cash earnings per share by 11%. We have steered through the coincident challenges posed by an environment of declining interest rates, reduced loan demand by commercial customers, widespread refinancing of home mortgages and lower credit quality.
Before elaborating further, however, on the results and accomplishments of the year concluded, it is important to look forward. We are poised to take a next major step in our continuing growth. In September 2002, we announced the planned acquisition of Allfirst Financial Inc. (Allfirst), the U.S. subsidiary of the Dublin-based Allied Irish Banks, p.l.c. (AIB). There can be no doubt that this acquisition is a watershed for M&T. Not only do Allfirst’s $17 billion in assets make it larger than any of our previous 17 acquisitions since 1987, but Allfirst alone is bigger than was the whole of M&T as recently as March 1998. Combining our operations will create a bank holding company that on a pro forma basis would rank 18th among the publicly-traded firms of its kind based in the U.S., as measured by total assets. It will add 258 branches to our network. Our system will then total some 708 branches and 1,656 automated teller machines in New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware and Washington, D.C. We will, moreover, be entering what are for us robust new markets, replete with opportunity, about which more follows below.
2002 RESULTS
In short, we were fortunate to have been in a position to move forward on such an important acquisition. For without question, 2002 proved to be extremely challenging for M&T Bank Corporation and others in our industry. Continued weakness in general economic conditions resulted in prolonged periods of sluggish demand for lending services by many of our commercial customers. These same conditions inhibited the capacity of some commercial
5

6
borrowers to repay loans and led to higher levels of delinquencies, defaults and, in some cases, bankruptcies among such entities. Nevertheless, certain positive factors were evident throughout much of the year. Growth experienced in our consumer loan portfolio, predominantly in home equity lines of credit and automobile loans, and an improved net interest spread (the difference between the average yield earned on assets and the average rate paid on deposits and borrowings) were key ingredients in the business mix that allowed us to report increases in both cash net income and cash earnings per share for 2002.
Such factors, in conjunction with the repurchase of 3,007,585 shares of common stock in 2002, accounted for the double-digit percentage increase in diluted cash earnings per share. That measure of operating performance rose 11% last year to $5.41 from $4.87 in 2001. Expressed in total dollar amount cash net income was $518 million in 2002, a 7% increase from $482 million in 2001. Measured as a rate of return on average tangible assets and average tangible common stockholders’ equity, 2002’s cash net income was 1.68% and 28.62%, respectively. Both measures were improved from the 1.63% and 28.50% returns realized in 2001.
As has been our consistent practice for many years, our tally of cash net income and related measures removes merger-related expenses and the impact of intangible assets – both amortized and unamortized amounts. Such items are, of course, factored in when tabulating results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). There were, however, no significant merger-related expenses incurred last year. In 2001, such expenses totaled $5 million after tax effect, or 5 cents per diluted share. The amortization of recorded intangible assets was also reduced. Effective January 1 of last year, we implemented a new accounting standard promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board that required us, as of that date, to cease amortization of goodwill associated with corporate acquisitions. In 2001, goodwill amortization – a noncash charge that was not deductible for tax purposes – was $62 million, or 62 cents per diluted share. The amortization of core deposit and other intangible assets that are identified in business combinations is still required by GAAP. Noncash charges for amortization of these assets – which are adjusted for tax effect – totaled $32 million, or 34 cents

per diluted share, in 2002. Similar after-tax effect charges aggregated $38 million, or 38 cents per diluted share, in 2001.
Factoring in both merger-related expenses and charges for amortization of intangible assets, M&T’s GAAP-basis measurements of 2002’s diluted earnings per share and net income were $5.07 and $485 million, respectively. The comparison of these amounts to 2001 is greatly distorted by the different treatment of goodwill amortization between the years. Reported GAAP-basis amounts for 2001 were $3.82 for diluted earnings per share and $378 million for net income. If goodwill amortization had not been required in 2001, that year’s pro forma GAAP-basis diluted earnings per share and net income would have been $4.44 and $440 million, respectively.
GAAP-basis net income for 2002 expressed as a rate of return on average assets and average common stockholders’ equity was 1.52% and 16.15%, respectively. Similar measures were 1.23% and 12.78% for 2001. The pro forma GAAP-basis return on average assets in 2001 was 1.43% and on average common stockholders’ equity was 14.87%.
Earnings growth in 2002 was fueled by a higher average volume of consumer loans and a wider net interest spread. The blend of these and other elements yielded a 7% expansion in taxable-equivalent net interest income. That most significant component of our net income summed to $1.26 billion last year, up from $1.18 billion in 2001.
Net interest income was generated by $28.9 billion of average earning assets in 2002 and $27.8 billion in 2001. For all practical purposes, that $1.1 billion increase can be traced to a $1.2 billion rise in the average balance of outstanding consumer loans. Mostly as a result of growth in our portfolios of automobile loans and home equity lines of credit, the average outstanding balance of consumer loans increased to $6.8 billion in 2002. During the previous year, outstanding consumer loan balances averaged $5.6 billion.
The improved net interest spread helped explain the increase in taxable- equivalent net interest income. Because the average rate on total interest-bearing liabilities declined by 152 basis points (hundredths of one percent) – from 3.91% in 2001 to 2.39% last year – and the yield on total earning assets fell by 120 basis
7

8
points to 6.42% in 2002 from 7.62% in 2001, the net interest spread improved by 32 basis points. That differential was 4.03% last year and 3.71% in 2001.
The year’s results reflected the challenge posed by the deterioration of credit quality. Net charge-offs of loans – that is, the amount by which loans charged-off exceeded recoveries of loans previously charged-off – swelled to $108 million, or .42% of average loans outstanding. That was up from $75 million or .31% of average outstanding loans in 2001. We responded to 2002 economic events by lowering the year’s income with a provision for credit losses totaling $122 million. The resulting allowance for credit losses at the 2002 year-end stood at $436 million, or 1.70% of the $25.7 billion of outstanding loans. A year earlier, the provision for loss was $104 million and the ending allowance was $425 million, or 1.69% of the $25.2 billion of loans then outstanding.
Fees for services and other noninterest sources of income totaled $512 million in 2002, an increase of 7% over the previous year’s $477 million. Noninterest operating expenses, which exclude the same merger-related expenses and amortization charges eliminated in arriving at cash net income, rose 6% to $870 million from $819 million. The efficiency ratio – the name given to the quotient obtained from dividing noninterest operating expenses by the sum of taxable-equivalent net interest income and noninterest income (exclusive of securities transactions) – improved to 49.0% last year. In 2001, that measure of how much of our revenues were used to pay for operating expenses was 49.6%.
THE ALLFIRST ACQUISITION
Notwithstanding the accomplishments of the past year, this is not the time to dwell on them – in part because, in these uncertain times, one can hardly trumpet the likelihood of their recurrence. Still, we stand at a point in the history of the company at which one cannot help but look hopefully ahead. The acquisition of Allfirst is a key reason for such optimism.
The magnitude alone of this latest merger may contribute, understandably, to the impression that it is somehow different from the many which have preceded it at M&T over the course of the past two decades. And, in truth, both in scale and some other ways, it is different. We are taking on

more branches than in any previous acquisition. This will not only mean we will significantly expand in markets in which we have already had a presence (in Harrisburg, for instance, we will have more than three times as many branches as previous) but, that, at the same time, we will be entering entirely new markets. Some, such as the Baltimore and Washington metropolitan areas, are qualitatively different for us, because of levels of economic growth and vitality that have historically been higher than those of the markets of western New York and central Pennsylvania in which we have previously operated.
Yet such differences of character aside, this latest acquisition, due to be consummated in the spring of 2003, is cut from the same cloth as previous ones – and, thus holds the potential to lead to the same good results.
In acquiring the $17 billion in assets and branches of Allfirst, we are –
as when we came to Rochester, Syracuse and, later, Altoona and Harrisburg, among so many others – expanding into markets which are contiguous to ones in which we have already been successful. Although we will be significantly bigger after the Allfirst acquisition, we will continue to be a highly-concentrated regional bank. Our expanded footprint will be the equivalent of the sixth largest state in the nation, in terms of bank deposits, and the fifth in terms of population. We will command the top market share in that region. Our growth, in other words, is not leading us far afield. Rather, we are once again moving next door, into areas not at all distant from those in which our name is already well-known and respected.
The fact that our markets will continue to be concentrated and contiguous will, we hope, have many benefits. Once again, it will be possible and practical for M&T employees, well-versed in our philosophy of banking, to familiarize new employees with our spirit and business approach. We well understand, though, that we are merging with Allfirst, not submerging it. We recognize that we are fortunate, indeed, to inherit a workforce with deep roots in its communities and a proud banking history. If we are successful, it will be in large measure because of the efforts and experience of Allfirst’s employees. Indeed, we have every reason to expect the Allfirst workforce will fit smoothly with our business approach, predicated, as it is, in the community banking philosophy described at length in this message last year and familiar to M&T
9

10
customers and investors. That approach is built on just the kind of extensive, regional network of banking outlets that Allfirst brings. Its network will give us the reach and breadth that will allow the pursuit of our banking philosophy in the same manner in which we have previously been successful: through our emphasis on consumer, small business, middle market, home mortgage and commercial real estate lending, linked with deposit and investment products and tied to excellent service attentive to the specific needs and characteristics of all our customers.
It is worth emphasizing that a successful acquisition cannot rely only on one firm imposing its style on another. It requires, too, that the acquirer appreciate, and take advantage of the assets it is acquiring – both people and facilities. This has always been the case with the mergers to which M&T has been party. We anticipate that, once again, we will benefit from the knowledge, tools and techniques which Allfirst will bring to M&T. The presence of Allfirst chairman Eugene Sheehy on the M&T executive management committee, as well as the presence of AIB chairman Michael Buckley on the M&T board, will help ensure that a healthy corporate cross-pollination will occur.
Another hallmark of our past acquisitions has been the efficiency gains we expected – and, indeed, have consistently realized – through the application of our management approaches and economies of scale. This latest acquisition holds similar potential, as reflected by the fact that Allfirst’s efficiency ratio currently exceeds our own by a significant percentage. We fully expect that the sharing of such tools as our approach to measuring the profitability of our various businesses, and making adjustments in response, as well as other methods of expense reduction, will help make it possible to bring the efficiency of the former Allfirst operations in line with the overall M&T level.
In short, the acquisition of Allfirst provides us with new opportunities of the sort for which we are well-prepared. It would be less than candid, however, not to acknowledge that there are differences between the Allfirst acquisition and its predecessors. As noted above, we are moving into markets, such as those of Baltimore and metropolitan Washington, D.C., which have experienced higher rates of economic growth and lower unemployment than those in which we have historically done business. We will face new competitors and perhaps

greater risk than we have confronted before. We would not have proceeded, however, without being convinced that M&T can meet this challenge. We’ve proved this time and again, as we’ve expanded, first in our Buffalo home base and as we have entered new markets.
If anything, we are, as a work force, even better prepared than in the past to take on new challenges – thanks to such efforts as the M&T Commitment, an initiative in which, of course, our new employees from Allfirst will now be included. Over the course of the past year, we’ve begun a top-to-bottom, and division-by-division effort to identify, and respond to, employee concerns. As a result, we’ve expanded access to the extensive employee training opportunities discussed in these pages last year. We’ve introduced more flexible work arrangements and established an employee stock purchase plan that allows employees to purchase M&T common stock at a discount. Our new Performance Management System has been designed to provide employees with the sort of detailed guidance which will help them improve their performance, upgrade their skills and plan their career path in the company. We believe that these steps will not only make for more satisfied employees but will, too, help lay the groundwork for a workforce willing and able to meet the challenges of growth.
The Allfirst acquisition will also be distinguished by the fact that AIB, Allfirst’s parent, will become a major stockholder in M&T. This has not been the case in previous mergers, in part because most other companies which we acquired did not have a sole owner. Thus, purchase agreements which included stock in M&T did not imply a large ownership stake for any one group or individual. The terms of this purchase – the issuance of 26.7 million shares in combination with $886 million of cash – do mean that AIB will control a major portion of M&T stock. There are, however, several factors which mitigate the apparent magnitude of this change. First, the ownership stake taken by AIB in M&T is capped: it will stand at 22.5 percent at the time of closing and by agreement, it cannot exceed 25 percent. Indeed, should AIB ever move to sell its shares, the merger agreement gives M&T right of first refusal.
The acquisition of Allfirst, thus, can be viewed fundamentally as a means by which AIB has turned over the operation of its American banking subsidiary
11

12
to a new management team – at the same time, retaining an interest in the firm that reflects its confidence in the American market and, of course, in M&T. This development should ring no alarm bells for those who have been part of the M&T story in the period since I first became chief executive officer in 1983. It portends no fundamental change in M&T upper management or in the way we do business. Rather, the acquisition of Allfirst and the consequent representation of AIB on the M&T board sets the stage for a fruitful partnership between our two firms, one in which each has, in effect, cast a vote of confidence in the other.
EXPENSING OF STOCK OPTIONS
This year will also see a significant change in M&T accounting practice. On September 19 of last year, we announced plans to account for the fair value of employee options to purchase company stock as compensation expense, beginning in January 2003. It is a decision which merits some elaboration here.
The granting of stock options to employees has been a considered and significant part of the M&T philosophy since 1983. Options are designed as a tool to align the interests of management and employees with those of shareholders. Their potential to do so has by no means been disproved by allegations that, in other firms in other industries, such options may have led to abuses. The theory underlying the granting of stock options has, in my view, successfully worked, in practice, at M&T. This is best evidenced by the fact that, since 1983, the market price of M&T common stock has appreciated at a compound annual rate of 23 percent – coincident with management, employees, directors and their affiliates consistently owning a significant share of M&T. Currently, such shareholders maintain beneficial ownership of approximately 27 percent of M&T. (This includes existing M&T shares and exercisable stock options.) That percentage will decline to 21 percent after the acquisition of Allfirst. Since 1983, the company has granted more than 7 million options to purchase shares of M&T common stock to those serving on its executive management committee at last year’s end. Of those, some 2.3 million remained unexercised at December 31, 2002. As of that date, the executive management team, directly and indirectly, held 5.5 million shares of M&T common stock. So it is that M&T has simultaneously had one of the

largest proportions of inside ownership among the fifty largest publicly-held bank holding companies headquartered in the U.S., and realized a higher compound annual growth rate in the market value of our common stock than did any of the top one hundred bank holding companies of 1983. In other words, as hoped and predicted, inside ownership has coincided with an increase in shareholder value. The use of options, coupled with an appreciating stock price, has allowed us to more closely align the interests of management and employees with those of shareholders.
It would be foolish indeed to diverge from an approach which has helped bring such good results. Yet it would be foolish, as well, to ignore concern among investors and the general public about the potential abuse of options by self-interested managers willing to manipulate earnings results so as to influence stock price for their own selfish benefit. Even before recent scandals, we have disclosed, as required, the extent of options granted and exercised. We are now going a step further and joining firms across the U.S. in expensing options as compensation. This reflects our commitment to strive for transparency in our reporting – and adhere to the highest, most clearly-understood standards of accounting and reporting. Indeed, because we have operated on the principle that stock options represent a form of employee compensation, it only makes sense we expense their fair value as such. In that light, beginning this year, we will recognize stock-based compensation expense in accordance with the fair value-based method of accounting. We estimate that, as a result, net income will be reduced by approximately $33 million. Had such compensation expense been recognized in 2002, that year’s net income would have been $28 million lower.
In sum, despite the fact that the use of stock options has become controversial, it will continue to be part of the M&T philosophy. Because that philosophy also includes adherence to conservative accounting practices, we have now moved to change the way we account for options.
PUBLIC AFFAIRS: BUDGET DEFICITS AND REGULATORY ISSUES
For some years, I have expressed concern about the quality and character of government in M&T’s markets. High levels of taxation, combined with (and
13

14
correlated with) high levels of public employment have held back the economic performance of the markets we serve in upstate New York. Today, we face yet an additional public sector problem, one that applies, though in varying degrees, in the states in which all our major markets are located: New York, Pennsylvania and Maryland. State governments in all three jurisdictions have struggled with significant budget deficits and will likely continue to do so. At the local level, there are deficits of an even greater magnitude, as a percentage of overall budget.
To an extent this is a predictable, cyclical problem. In periods of recession or slow growth, tax proceeds decline. Still, the nature of government response to the current deficits will have a significant effect on the timing and extent of recovery and long-term growth. Periods of deficit are times in which governors, legislators, mayors and city council members must resist the impulse simply to raise taxes in order to keep programs running at pre-deficit levels. Instead, these are the times in which the effectiveness and extent of government must be examined in light of limited resources – and reductions and efficiencies realized. Tax increases cannot, of course, be entirely ruled out – but we must remember that new taxes during hard times risk prolonging the trough in our economic cycle.
We must remember, too, that there is nothing inevitable about high levels of public employment and taxation. A close look at the variation among the states in which we are operating, and in which we will expand, makes this point quite clear. In upstate New York, fully one-fifth (20.9%) of all wages paid to workers come from state and local government jobs. If the upstate region were an independent state, this percentage would constitute the fourth highest share in the nation. In contrast, Maryland (13.8%, 32nd place) and Pennsylvania (13.0%, 40th place) are much less dependent on public sector payrolls.
It is worth noting that sharply higher per capita New York State expenditures are driven, to a significant extent, by higher spending on health care and education. The financing of the former is, unusually, a special burden for county governments, which, atypically, must pay a large share of the cost of the Medicaid health care program for the indigent. Including Medicaid outlays, government-funded health care costs in New York State as a percentage of

personal income are 42 percent above the national average. New York State, as a whole, spent $7,687 per eligible Medicaid recipient in 2000, more than twice as much as the U.S. average of $3,799. In fact, New York’s total fiscal year 2000 Medicaid payments actually exceeded those of California, even though New York’s population is little more than half as large. We must seek ways to rein in such costs, which are significant at M&T as well as for the public sector.
Education, too, is more expensive per capita in New York State. New York as a whole spends 42% more per elementary and secondary pupil than the national average; as a percentage of personal income, upstate New York spends 44 percent more than the national average – higher than any state except Alaska. (Pennsylvania stands at only 1 percent above the national average, while Maryland is 15 percent below.) More specifically, New York State spent $9,846 per primary or secondary student in 1999-2000, compared to the U.S. average of $6,911. Yet this spending has not been justified by better results. New York State ranks 41st in the nation in average Scholastic Aptitude (SAT) examination score, trailing Maryland, which is 34th, despite New York’s spending 42% more per pupil. New York State is caught in a vicious cycle – higher public spending leads to a higher tax burden; a higher tax burden discourages new enterprise; the lack of new enterprise causes New York residents, particularly upstate residents, to emigrate, thus robbing the region of our investment (higher-than- average) in their education. For instance, while the population of Maryland and central Pennsylvania rose by 1.2% and 0.3%, respectively, during 2000-01, the population of upstate New York fell by 0.1%. Worse still, during the period 1990-2000, the number of upstate New York residents in the key 18-29 year old age group – the future parents, consumers and community leaders of the region – declined by nearly 21%. Before the fall of the Iron Curtain, Communist governments justified their bans of emigration by noting the investment they had made in their citizens’ education. We can hardly ban emigration from upstate New York. Instead, we must work to make it attractive, such that young people will choose to stay. Part of that effort must involve lowering the tax burden – which implies a more efficient public sector – and creating the opportunity for long-term employment.
15

16
BUFFALO
Our recent acquisitions highlight the fact that M&T has grown far afield from its historic roots in Buffalo. We remain, however, at heart, a local bank – but with an interest in more than one locality. That means we are focused on the specific needs and attributes of the many communities in which we now operate.
At the same time, we cannot help but take a special interest in the economic health of Buffalo, our headquarters city. Our growth has been a bright spot for a city whose economy has struggled. Recent acquisitions, and the upcoming consolidation with Allfirst, as well, will mean many new jobs in the Buffalo area. As one committed to the city and its people, the good news that M&T has brought to Buffalo has been a special source of pride. The city can count on this company’s continuing interest and concern.
Those associated with M&T, moreover, can be certain that it will remain an ambitious institution but one that will never forget from whence we came – and that our customers, communities, investors and employees have been and will continue to be central to our growth and good fortune.
This report would not be complete without noting the departure of four members of the M&T Bank Corporation Board of Directors.
John H. Benisch, a trustee of The East New York Savings Bank at the time of its acquisition by M&T Bank Corporation, will retire as a member of the Board of Directors as of the 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. He will continue as a member of M&T Bank’s Directors Advisory Council – New York City Division.
Carl L. Campbell, who served as president and chief executive officer of Keystone Financial, Inc. from 1986 until its acquisition by M&T Bank Corporation in October 2000, will also retire as of the 2003 Annual Meeting from his positions as a vice chairman of the Boards of Directors of M&T and M&T Bank.
Samuel L. Hubbard, Jr., has resigned as a director of M&T Bank Corporation and M&T Bank. In addition to his service as a director, he had also been a member and the chairman of M&T Bank’s Directors Advisory Council – Rochester Division since March of 1997.

 John L. Vensel will retire as a member of the Boards of Directors of M&T Bank Corporation and M&T Bank effective as of the date of the 2003 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. He had served as a director of ONBANCorp, Inc., from 1989 through its acquisition by M&T Bank Corporation in 1998.
We have greatly valued the wise counsel, good suggestions and willingness to serve of Messrs. Benisch, Campbell, Hubbard and Vensel. We thank them for their contributions to the success of M&T.
It is not customary to use this message to note the retirement of individual employees. M&T is too large for all such occasions to be cited and one does not want to imply, by selection, that we do not value the contributions of each employee – for, indeed, we do. There are, however, some retirements for which an exception must be made – and one is that of James L. Hoffman, who retired last year as executive vice president, most recently overseeing the Company’s businesses in Pennsylvania. Few others have played as crucial and central a role as Jim Hoffman in the growth and success of M&T. Since joining M&T Bank in 1960, Jim went on to take the helm of major parts of the bank, including our Hudson Valley and Pennsylvania divisions. Whether that meant leaving Buffalo for the Hudson Valley, or moving to central Pennsylvania after the Keystone merger, Jim was willing and able. Simply listing the positions he has held, however, far understates the importance of his advice and insight into all aspects of the company. His belief in its potential for growth and acquisition has inspired us time and again.
Robert G. Wilmers
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 20, 2003
 17
