The automotive landscape is changing at a faster pace than ever before in our history. We realize that we must also change to enable us to respond quickly to market factors, while furthering our ability to capitalize on the exciting opportunities in the global vehicle markets.
Fine-Tuning the Product Portfolio This fiscal year, we divested certain businesses that are no longer part of our long-term business strategy. Completing these transactions improved ArvinMeritor's financial position and allowed us to focus resources on our core light and commercial vehicle businesses. Divestitures included:

ArvinMeritor Shareowners,
Fiscal year 2006 was significant for ArvinMeritor and for the motor vehicle industry. We witnessed events that had a dramatic impact on customers worldwide, the vehicle manufacturers, and the entire supply chain. Record high sales in most of the markets we serve; notable growth in regions such as China and India; and new technologies designed to improve safety, reduce emissions and enhance driver satisfaction, were offset by massive restructuring actions, bankruptcies, production cuts, and rising raw material and energy costs. The automotive landscape is changing at a faster pace than ever before in our history. We, at ArvinMeritor, realize that we must also change and continue to position our company in ways that enable us to respond quickly to market factors while furthering our ability to capitalize on the exciting opportunities in the global vehicle markets. Delivering Results and Increasing Financial Flexibility I am proud of our team for the financial results and the impressive capital structure improvement actions that we accomplished this year. ArvinMeritor recorded sales of $9.2 billion from continuing operations, translating to top line growth of 4 percent. Despite market headwinds, we met financial expectations and improved the company's balance sheet, resulting in our becoming an even stronger competitor among the top-tier global automotive supplier group. Below are highlights:  Retired $672 million of mid-term debt  Extended long-term debt maturities by issuing $300 million of convertible notes maturing in 2026  Established more than $1 billion of secured credit facilities that extend maturities to 2011 and 2012

 Commercial vehicle off-highway brake assets  Equity share in a Purolator filters joint venture in India  Purolator filters business in North America  Aftermarket exhaust business in North America  Aftermarket ride control business in South Africa  Aftermarket motion control business in North America Improving Our Cost Structure and Establishing the Optimal Global Footprint Through a series of restructuring actions, we have taken steps to improve our cost structure across the company. While mindful of the impact these actions have on our employees, we are constantly assessing our global operations to identify ways to optimize our capacity, leverage human and capital resources, and strengthen our geographic footprint. Currently, fifty percent of the company's sales are in North America; thirty-eight percent are in Europe; and 12 percent are in Asia Pacific and other areas of the world. Our goal is to evolve the current geographic customer mix, through restructuring, alliances and new operations, to a more strategic balance of one-third in North America; one-third in Europe; and onethird in South America, Asia Pacific and other growth markets. This strategy will further improve our overall cost structure as we expand into regions like Eastern Europe, South America and Asia, while also enabling us to better support our diversified customer base whose operations are growing in many regions of the world. We also see great potential to penetrate Asian and other regional markets with products and services for which we are currently market leaders in North America and Europe. As an example, we plan to expand our Commercial Vehicle Aftermarket (CVA) product and service support business into Europe, as well as Asia and South America. With an established original equipment manufacturer presence in those regions, strong ArvinMeritor brands including Meritor and Euclid, and

ArvinMeritor, Inc.  2006 Annual Report

years of distribution channel expertise, CVA represents a profitable growth opportunity for ArvinMeritor, and one we are aggressively pursuing. Adding to our already significant presence in Asia Pacific, this year we established six new operations in China, and began building a new trailer axle and suspension manufacturing facility in Wuxi, China. And, to further accelerate our global expansion strategy, we are establishing a regional headquarters office in Asia. We are excited about the benefits this will provide as we identify, pursue, and manage new business ventures in that part of the world. Driving the Business Forward We were pleased to welcome five new leaders to our executive management team. Each adds a unique blend of industry background and experience to our existing strong management team. They are:  Jay Craig, Vice President and Controller  Phil Martens, Senior Vice President and President, Light Vehicle Systems  Robert Ostrov, Senior Vice President, Human Resources, and Chief Diversity Officer  Carsten Reinhardt, Senior Vice President and President, Commercial Vehicle Systems  H. H. "Buddy" Wacaser, Senior Vice President and President, Emissions Technologies In addition, we also announced the election of Mary Lehmann as Vice President and Treasurer. Building On a Strong Foundation While we are pleased with the progress we made in 2006, we recognize the need to accelerate change. Therefore, we recently launched an exciting initiative at ArvinMeritor that we are calling Performance Plus. This transformational program is designed to be much more than a cost reduction activity. Performance Plus will define changes to our structure and our culture that are necessary to maximize cost efficiencies; build manufacturing excellence; increase our research and development commitment; further advance product innovation; identify new business opportunities; and ultimately, enable us to deliver greater shareowner value through increased profitability. A diverse team of employees representing top talent was selected from across the company and is being led by members of the executive leadership team. This team's mission is to identify and implement major initiatives in two key areas:

We will continue to share our accomplishments with you as we move forward in this process. Looking Forward to 2007 Fiscal year 2007 promises to be one of challenge and opportunity. We have a leadership team that I consider to be the best in the industry, a strong portfolio of products, a growing and diverse customer base, and an impressive global footprint. We have a workforce of more than 27,000 employees committed to continuous improvement, with a passion for our industry, and a drive to win. We have the vision and strategy to differentiate ourselves as a global systems leader through product development and technology capabilities that can be applied across markets, like our wheel and axle lines. We are developing products that will be "must-haves" for our customers, like our new generation of electronic door latches. And we will continue to look for strategic business alliances that build our portfolio, improve our global reach and strengthen our research and development capabilities. Moving beyond 2007, we also acknowledge the real possibilities that exist in other vehicle transportation markets. These markets may offer great opportunities in the future. During this time of such rapid change in the global motor vehicle industry, we are also changing to meet and exceed our customers' expectations, and we are more confident than ever in the future of our company. Thank you for your continued support.

Sincerely,

Charles G. "Chip" McClure Chairman, CEO and President December 11, 2006

Operational Excellence Material Optimization Manufacturing Excellence Lean Overhead Commercial Excellence Stronger Engineering, Research and Development Pipeline Product Growth Aftermarket Growth
ArvinMeritor, Inc.  2006 Annual Report

