To Our Fellow Shareowners: The automotive industry is undergoing change at an extraordinary pace that is accelerating faster than any other time in our 100-year history. Industry overcapacity has intensified the relentless push by the OEMs to cut costs. This, coupled with higher steel prices coincident with government-imposed tariffs in fiscal year 2003, served to erode already thin supplier margins. These ongoing margin pressures make it more difficult for suppliers to invest in engineering and technology to grow their businesses and provide maximum value to their customers and shareowners. Challenges like these are driving the need for change in the automotive industry. Another factor driving change in the industry is the rapidly expanding global marketplace. Emerging markets such as China and Brazil are exploding with potential and offer great opportunity, especially for those able to successfully manage the delicate balance between risk and reward.

Our strategies address these market dynamics. We are focused on leveraging our resources to create the most competitive cost structure in the industry. At the same time, we are selectively pursuing significant opportunities for growth and expansion. As we remain committed to our long-term strategy, we will continue to: · Diversify our customer base · Lead the industry in designing and developing modules and systems · Provide our customers with innovative engineering and technology solutions · Strengthen our presence in emerging global markets · Improve our financial performance through aggressive cost-reduction initiatives, reduced capital investment and streamlined assets · Drive a continuous improvement culture throughout the organization Although we are committed to growing our business organically, we believe that consolidation is inevitable. Acquisitions must be done prudently and must make strategic sense. Our pursuit of Dana Corporation reflected this belief. We must continue to provide customers with superior technology, products and services, of course. But, above all else, we must enhance shareowner value.

Reporting fiscal year 2003 results. In fiscal year 2003, ArvinMeritor reported sales of $7.8 billion, up $906 million, or 13 percent, from fiscal year 2002 ­ principally as a result of currency exchange rates and the acquisition of Zeuna Stärker. Our financial results for fiscal year 2003, however, did not achieve the higher expectations set by the ArvinMeritor management team. Operating income was $309 million, a decline of $34 million, reflecting an operating margin of 4.0 percent, down from 5.0 percent in fiscal year 2002. This decline was largely due to our inability to offset pricing pressures and increased steel costs with productivity programs. Additionally, increased investment in technology and market development impacted results. Net income for fiscal year 2003 was $136 million, up 27 percent, and earnings per share was $2.00, compared to $1.59 in fiscal year 2002, an increase of 26 percent. Celebrating our accomplishments. During a year when our industry was faced with dramatic challenges and change, we are proud to report that ArvinMeritor was able to make progress in delivering on many of our goals and objectives, as well as in preparing for future success. We expanded our complete range of emissions solutions for our global customers. In December 2002, the acquisition of the remaining 51 percent of shares in joint venture partner Zeuna Stärker ­ a premier German exhaust and emissions supplier and a leader in diesel technology ­ helped to solidify

3

Trend: Consolidation

Trend: Overcapacity

ArvinMeritor's leadership position in this segment. In addition, we believe that gaining Zeuna Stärker's diesel emissions technology expertise offers us a significant growth opportunity for the future. We continued to outsource non-core operations, so that we can concentrate on our core competencies. As part of our long-term strategy to be less vertically integrated, we sold our exhaust tube manufacturing operation to AK Tube LLC, a subsidiary of AK Steel Corporation, and we sold our offhighway planetary axle business to AxleTech International. Over the past year, we have also worked hard to improve our performance, reduce excess capacity and take costs out of our business by rationalizing our facilities and reducing our workforce. In addition to consolidating technical centers in Europe, we have announced the closure of two Light Vehicle Systems (LVS) facilities in the United States. They are the apertures facility in Gordonsville, Tenn., and the exhaust facility in Franklin, Ind. Production from both facilities is being transferred to other ArvinMeritor locations, with no interruption in service to our customers. We continue to build our reputation as a systems and modules supplier. During the year, we had many impressive examples of ArvinMeritor's success in integrating high-quality components into systems solutions for light vehicle and commercial vehicle customers. ArvinMeritor was awarded a contract ­ worth $300 million a year ­ to provide suspension modules to a light vehicle customer, and was chosen as a North American technology partner to Hyundai. Beginning in 2005, our LVS business group will provide door modules for Hyundai's popular Santa Fe and Sonata models in North America. As part of

ArvinMeritor's ongoing commitment to stay responsive to customers' needs for on-time delivery, we are opening a new Customer Value Center near Hyundai's Montgomery, Ala., facility to provide final module assembly. In addition, through a joint venture with a partner in Korea, we will be supplying complete emission control systems for these same Hyundai vehicles from another ArvinMeritor facility in Alabama. The Commercial Vehicle Systems (CVS) business is also working closely with its strong customer base to develop systems and modules, such as fully dressed wheel-end modules, integrated axle-suspension systems and emissions management systems. ArvinMeritor is excited to be involved in technology development that supports our commercial truck customers' needs to improve performance and durability, reduce vehicle weight and meet new governmental regulations. Other development and contract wins in our CVS business include an agreement with LiteFlex LLC to be their sole global distributor of truck and trailer composite mechanical springs. ArvinMeritor also recently began delivery of production prototypes for the Mack Truck proprietary drive axle slated for production early next year, under a new Volvo Truck/Mack multi-year supply agreement worth more than $1 billion. And, our CVS group has been selected by Hino Trucks to be its partner of choice in supplying axles, brakes, wheel-end equipment and anti-lock braking systems (ABS) for Hino's North American entry into the medium-duty market. Seizing strategic business opportunities. We collaborate with our customers to ensure that our new technologies and products are in sync with their changing needs. This proactive approach to product development ­ keeping our finger on the pulse of the industry, as well as embracing new technology

4

Trend: Outsourcing

Trend: Globalization

and trends ­ enables ArvinMeritor to offer effective solutions to meet our customers' quality, cost, safety and environmental requirements. As concerns about the global environment heighten, world governments are mandating more stringent emissions regulations. We are currently developing diesel emissions systems for six major light vehicle European OEMs that meet EURO IV regulations, and we are working on systems that will meet EURO V standards. This substantial new business is part of 12 vehicle programs that will begin production in 2004. One of the ongoing benefits of the ArvinMeritor merger is that we are able to apply emissions technology from our light vehicle business to our commercial vehicle business group. Engineers in our Commercial Vehicle Emissions (CVE) organization are developing solutions for the reduction of nitrogen oxides (NOx) and management of diesel particulate matter. Advanced technologies such as our Selective Catalytic Reduction (SCR) system, the Thermal Regenerator and hydrogen-assisted regeneration have led to significant new development and commercial business with OEMs such as Caterpillar Inc. ­ the world's leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines and industrial gas turbines ­ as well as with a major truck OEM in Europe. As a leader in commercial vehicle stopping systems, ArvinMeritor ­ in cooperation with a joint venture partner ­ has developed stability control systems for trucks, trailers and tractors to help drivers maneuver in demanding conditions. This technology is enabled by our braking systems that also reduce stopping distances for commercial vehicles. In doing so, we enhance safety and save lives by helping drivers avoid potentially fatal rollover accidents.

ArvinMeritor continues to take advantage of growth opportunities associated with the industry trend toward systems and modules. The new cross-car module ­ part of a new launch with a major OEM ­ exemplifies the way our LVS undercarriage engineers apply systems thinking to improve product quality and lower OEM manufacturing costs. This systems approach increases our content per vehicle and provides new avenues to grow the business. ArvinMeritor also focuses on growth opportunities to expand its product portfolio for the increasingly global light vehicle aftermarket. Home to a family of respected brands, such as award-winning Purolator and Gabriel, the Light Vehicle Aftermarket (LVA) group is working hard to address the decrease in their core markets resulting from longer-lasting components on new vehicles. For example, the group is working with leading European OEMs to utilize metallic substrate for catalytic converters to lower emission levels and boost performance. Developing new aftermarket solutions, while leveraging our position as one of the industry leaders in distribution and logistics, are factors that are helping LVA prepare for the future. Expanding our global presence. ArvinMeritor is well-positioned to address emerging ­ as well as established ­ markets around the world, and maintains 26 joint ventures, the majority of which are outside North America. We are currently negotiating several additional alliances to support our customers as they establish and expand operations in the fast-growing China market. In addition to the two joint ventures we have in China, we also have regional joint ventures in Latin and South America ­ markets that show solid potential for growth. In established markets, our CVS business recently signed a memorandum of understanding to form two new axle joint ventures with the Volvo Group in Lyon, France,

5

"We remain committed to providing our customers with the top-quality products and services they need to remain competitive, while managing our business, with an emphasis on generating cash and shareowner value."
Larry Yost Chairman and CEO

that will result in the production of 100,000 axles annually. In addition, the LVS business is supporting Nissan in Mexico by leveraging regional strength to provide wheels, doors and catalytic converters for the Sentra. In response to market opportunities, our aftermarket businesses continue to leverage existing LVS and CVS infrastructure in Mexico, Brazil and China. Staying focused on our vision. Throughout the year, ArvinMeritor's intense focus on our long-term goals has never wavered. We remain committed to providing our customers with the top-quality products and services they need to remain competitive, while managing our business, with an emphasis on generating cash and shareowner value. Each of our shortterm goals is closely aligned with our greater, long-term goals. Our core purpose and values are firmly embedded across the organization and drive our steadfast vision to be the first in the hearts and minds of our shareowners, employees, customers, suppliers and communities. We believe in our future. As ArvinMeritor begins fiscal year 2004, we remain confident in our ability to provide solid returns for our shareowners by improving financial performance. We are committed to reducing costs and increasing our return on invested capital, while continuously working to enhance our cash flow and pay down debt. We look forward to stronger commercial vehicle markets for fiscal year 2004, based on early signs of an economic recovery and evidence that the North American market is solidifying and improving. We expect an increase in North American heavy-duty Class 8 truck production of approximately 35 percent, reaching nearly 222,000 units ­ compared to 164,000 units produced last year. We are also

anticipating that other markets, including light vehicle OE and aftermarket, as well as European trucks, will be relatively flat in fiscal year 2004, as compared to fiscal year 2003. We remain committed to our vision. We have a talented leadership team and a comprehensive strategic plan. We are also dedicated to providing technologies that help our customers differentiate their products, thus creating a competitive advantage for both of us. I am certain that ­ as we continue to make smart investment decisions and manage our assets wisely ­ ArvinMeritor will thrive. We know how to grow the business and deliver value to our customers, our employees and our fellow shareowners. We have the talent. We have the vision. Above all, we have the resolve to succeed in this dramatically changing global automotive environment.

Sincerely,

Larry Yost Chairman and CEO December 15, 2003

6

