
 


Shareowners,

In fiscal year 2012, our global team moved aggressively to lower the company's fixed cost structure and adapt to an economic slowdown in our sector and in most of our major geographic regions of operation. Throughout the course of the year, we:
■	Implemented pricing actions more closely aligned with Meritor's value proposition.
■	Rationalized our European footprint.
■	Effectively managed the return of peak production for Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles (FMTV) production.
■	Executed operational improvements to increase productivity and minimize costs.
■	Continued to restructure the business to fit current market conditions.
The solid execution of these strategies led to increased EBITDA margins, strong free cash flow generation and higher income year-over-year in the face of global recessionary forces.
We also completed a series of actions to enhance liquidity and strengthen our balance sheet. This year, we:
■	Maintained a high level of liquidity to manage all cycles.
■	Executed an amended $515 million U.S. revolving credit facility, inclusive of a $100 million term loan maturing in 2017 (subject to springing maturity in some cases in 2015).
 
■	Executed a new $100 million U.S. accounts receivable program that matures in June 2015 and provides higher advance rates and reduced pricing from the facility it replaced.
■	Continued to reduce the unfunded pension liability by contributing $102 million in fiscal year 2012.

Market Forces
While global market forces are beyond our control, we reacted quickly to weakening markets in Brazil, Europe, the United States, China and India by appropriately adjusting our variable labor cost and continuing to identify ways to improve the efficiency in our operations. We expect cost savings associated with these actions to be evident by the second fiscal quarter
of 2013.
Within our Aftermarket & Trailer segment, we announced we will consolidate our remanufacturing activities to ultimately provide an even greater level of service to our customers in the United States and Canada. We will close our operation in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada and move that work to our center of excellence in Plainfield, Indiana. Meritor's global remanufacturing operation
- with a presence in five countries - produces a broad portfolio of drivetrain and wheel-end components and recycles more than 30,000 tons of
metal annually.
We are also making structural cost reductions in response to the expected medium-term decline in the defense business that would impact Meritor's Industrial segment. To further drive efficiencies across the company, we expect to report future results under two segments instead of three: Commercial Truck & Industrial and Aftermarket & Trailer.

Research and Development
While maintaining our focus on costs, we continue to invest in product development to maintain our market and technology leadership positions. Engineering research and development expenditures of $73 million were at the highest level in three years. Capital expenditures of $89 million in 2012 were applied to information technology investments as well as improvements in manufacturing capacity and flexibility. These investments are clearly visible at our premier brake operation in Cwmbran, U.K.; axle manufacturing facility in Lindesberg, Sweden; and gear cutting operations in North America.

Product Introductions
We introduced our most technologically advanced generation of drive axles and brakes to the European market this year. Our 17X series axle is the industry's lightest axle system in the 13-ton class, with improved ratios to meet upcoming emissions regulations. Our ELSA brakes offer better performance and reduced weight, together with improved durability, resulting in a lower cost of ownership for customers in Europe and North America.
 





Meritor, Inc.
2012 ANNUAL REPORT
 
The fully dressed MS 04 series axle for the light commercial vehicle segment, which launched in India this year, is a great example of the worldwide collaboration that takes place every day on our global Engineering team. The MS 04 was designed in India to meet the specific efficiency, durability and mobility needs of our customers in that region but also has a wide range of applications for the mini bus, truck and
off-highway vehicle markets around the globe.
Meritor's innovative SMARTandem™ axle offers attractive weight savings with an estimated two percent improvement in fuel efficiency. The 6x2 configuration features one drive axle and a non-drive tag axle that reduce friction while delivering a weight savings of 400 pounds.

New Business
Through close collaboration with our customers, we earned new business this year on market-leading products.
In India, we received a multi-year award from Daimler Commercial Vehicles for Meritor hub reduction axles. Beginning in fiscal year 2014 and lasting approximately eight years, the axles will be produced for heavy duty dump trucks, known as tippers. The hub reduction axle for Daimler has been adapted for conditions in India with 18-ton cast housings for heavy-duty mining applications.
Wabash National, one of the leading producers of trailers in North America, selected Meritor trailer axles to be standard equipment on its trailers.
And in our Defense business, two of three prime contractors selected by the Department of Defense for the final Engineering, Manufacturing and Development phase of the Joint Light Tactical Vehicle (JLTV) program, contain Meritor content. Our ProTeeTM High Mobility Independent Suspension will be integrated into Lockheed Martin's vehicle. Meritor wheel end and brake components will be included in Oshkosh Truck's offering.
Both will advance through the next round of the Army and Marine Corps JLTV development program which we anticipate will be concluded over the next 27 months.

Customer   Recognition
In fiscal 2012, we were recognized with 14 customer awards for performance in three major regions of the world. Our commitment to high quality was recognized by PACCAR as it honored four of Meritor's manufacturing facilities with its 2011 Quality Achievement Award. The award is among the industry's most demanding due to high standards for product quality and integrity.
Thomas Built Bus, a subsidiary of Daimler Truck North America and a leading producer of school buses, presented their 2012 Outstanding Supplier Silver Award to our Manning, South Carolina brake plant. The award recognizes only the best suppliers for quality, delivery and service.
The Intelligent Transportation Society of America recognized our advanced brake technology joint venture, MeritorWABCO, for its OnGuard™ collision
 
While global market forces are beyond our control, our overall improvement in the year-over-year EBITDA margin demonstrates our collective strength and commitment to manage turbulent global markets for the benefit of our shareholders, customers, employees and communities.

mitigation system. OnGuard includes collision warning with adaptive cruise control, active braking and collision mitigation to assist drivers in maintaining a safe driving distance and reducing rear-end collisions.
And in recognition of our growing remanufacturing business, ReMaTecNews, an international news publication, presented Meritor with its 2012 Remanufacturer of the Year award. ReMaTec cited Meritor as a company taking remanufacturing to a new level of sophistication and product excellence.

Fiscal Year 2013 Priorities
Looking back on fiscal year 2012, I'm pleased we were able to maintain an improved adjusted EBITDA margin year-over-year through cost controls and continued manufacturing efficiency improvements despite weakening sales volumes. This performance was driven by the focus, commitment and flexibility of our global team.
In 2013, we will demonstrate this same resolve. Our priorities are to:
■	Maintain flexibility in an uncertain market and successfully execute as global markets recover.
■	Remain focused on rigorous cost management.
■	Implement appropriate balance sheet strategies.
■	Invest in new product development to maintain market and technology leadership positions.
We appreciate the continued support of our customers, shareowners, employees, community partners and suppliers.

Sincerely,

 
Chip McClure
Chairman, CEO and President Dec. 7, 2012

Meritor, Inc.
2012 ANNUAL REP
