Fiscal 2005 was an important ­ and transformational ­ year for ArvinMeritor. Thanks to the ongoing commitment of our 29,000 employees and a management team that is rich in industry expertise, we made significant progress in positioning the company for long-term success. Our accomplishments this year were especially notable, given the many challenges our industry is facing ­ including margin pressures driven by excess global capacity; high commodity prices, particularly steel and energy; volatile production volumes at our customers; and a changing product mix in North America. In fiscal year 2005, sales from continuing operations were $8.9 billion, an 11-percent increase over fiscal year 2004. Net income was $12 million, or $0.17 per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $42 million last year. Improving Our Cost Structure In light of current market dynamics, we took a hard look at our global operations this year and implemented a series of difficult but necessary changes to make the company stronger and more competitive. Most of these changes ­ which included workforce reductions, and plant closings and consolidations ­ were either completed or announced this year. As a result, we recorded $117 million of restructuring charges in fiscal year 2005. We are confident that these actions will greatly improve our cost structure, resulting in annual savings of $50-60 million beginning in 2007. We also addressed the need to focus on our core businesses in order to be a leaner, more flexible and efficient company. We accomplished this in part by divesting certain components of our business that are not an integral part of our strategy. These divestitures, which generated cash proceeds of $235 million, included: · Steel coil-coating business ­ November 2004 · Stampings and components manufacturing business ­ December 2004 · Certain assets of our commercial vehicle off-highway brake business ­ October 2005 Also, in October 2004, we announced the decision to sell our Light Vehicle Aftermarket (LVA) business. Later in the fiscal year, market conditions prompted us to change our divestiture strategy. We announced at that time that we would sell the LVA businesses individually, rather than as a whole, to maximize the return to our shareowners. This has proven to be the right course of action based on the level of interest we have experienced to date. The aftermarket operations supply filters, ride control, motion control, and exhaust components to the passenger car, light-duty truck and sport utility aftermarkets. These are well-established businesses with high brand equity, and we are committed to selling each at a fair market value.

Growing through Joint Ventures Joint ventures continue to be a vital element of our global expansion and technology strategy. Our continuing operations are currently involved in 26 joint ventures, with interests in 13 countries. Our equity earnings from joint ventures were $28 million, an increase of 47 percent over the prior year. Arvin Sango, a U.S. joint venture that produces light vehicle exhaust systems, received Toyota's Breakthrough Supplier Quality Recognition this year. And, in March 2005, Meritor WABCO Vehicle Control Systems, our joint venture that produces antilock braking systems, announced a new electronic stability control system for commercial truck, tractor and bus applications. This major development extends our family of vehicle stability enhancement systems and represents another milestone in our commitment to improve highway safety. New joint ventures formed this year include: · Two 51-percent owned joint ventures with AB Volvo in Europe to produce commercial vehicle drive axles in France and supply them to AB Volvo, under the terms of a new supply agreement · Sixty-percent owned joint venture with First Auto Works Sihuan Axle Brake Group in Changchun, China, to manufacture 90,000 brakes annually for both the domestic commercial vehicle market and for export · Fifty-percent owned joint venture with DongWon Precision Industrial Co. Ltd. to supply diesel particulate filters and related exhaust system components to automotive manufacturers in Korea Leading the Way Our management team's diverse industry experience is the motivating force behind ArvinMeritor's many accomplishments this year. This group drives the vision for the future that is essential in an industry experiencing such dramatic change. We made several noteworthy appointments to our board of directors and the corporate officer team in fiscal year 2005: To our board of directors: · Steven G. Rothmeier, former chairman and CEO of Northwest Airlines, and current chairman and CEO of Great Northern Capital, was elected to ArvinMeritor's board of directors in November 2004. · Andrew J. Schindler, who also joined the board in November 2004, is chairman of Reynolds American, the parent company of R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co., Lane Ltd. and R.J. Reynolds Global Products, Inc. · Ivor "Ike" J. Evans joined the board in May of this year, and previously held the position of president and COO of Union Pacific Railroad; Ike also spent 21 years at General Motors. I also want to acknowledge the many contributions of James E. Perrella and Martin D. Walker, who retired from our board of directors earlier this year.

ArvinMeritor, Inc.

| 2005 Annual Report

To our corporate officer team: · Jim Donlon was appointed senior vice president and chief financial officer (CFO) in April 2005. Jim was previously the senior vice president and CFO for Kmart Corp., and prior to that, was senior vice president and controller for the Chrysler Group at DaimlerChrysler Corp., where he spent 25 years. In his short time with ArvinMeritor, Jim has implemented new processes that will improve the company's financial picture, including a framework for evaluating new business and capital expenditures, and a greater focus on cash flow, liquidity, and financial planning and forecasting. · Rakesh Sachdev was named senior vice president of Strategy and Corporate Development, also in April. Rakesh most recently held the position of vice president and controller. He has significant operations experience with ArvinMeritor in the Commercial Vehicle Systems group and, prior to that, 18 years with Cummins Inc. Rakesh is responsible for leading the company's merger, acquisition and divestiture activities; developing new business opportunities in emerging markets, and executing ArvinMeritor's global business strategies. He has been instrumental in the progress we made this year to restructure ArvinMeritor and lay the groundwork for future growth objectives. Winning New Business Our Light Vehicle Systems business, led by Juan De La Riva, earned many significant business contracts despite the challenging market dynamics that affected this part of our operations in fiscal year 2005. Higher raw-material costs, downward pricing pressures and fluctuations in our customers' production schedules challenged our current processes ­ and forced us to explore and discover new ways of working. Through an intense focus on customer satisfaction, on-time delivery and quality, we secured the following new business contracts this year: · Multi-panel sunroof system award with a major European OEM; initial production to begin in April 2007 · Multi-platform steel wheel contract in North America; production to begin in January 2007 · Production of the company's first U.S. diesel particulate filter assembly for a popular North American vehicle; scheduled to launch for the 2008 model year · Multi-year contract to provide a leading automotive manufacturer in China with a complete sealed door module for China's domestic market; shipments are scheduled to start in October 2006 Commercial Vehicle Systems, led by Tom Gosnell, saw record sales and volumes this year, with a resulting operating income improvement of 18 percent over the prior year. We were also successful in further diversifying our customer base and expanding into new regions of the world. New business contracts within Commercial Vehicle Systems include: · Nine diesel emissions contracts with seven different customers · New hybrid vehicle program in partnership with Unicell, Ltd. · Three-year brake contract with Volvo/Mack

Innovating in Safety, Mobility and the Environment We increased spending in research, development and engineering by 12 percent this year and are focused on developing advanced solutions in the areas of safety, mobility and the environment. These solutions include active intelligent systems to address emissions and safety regulations worldwide, and improve the performance and reliability of our customer's vehicles. We are emerging as a major player in the global emissions arena. An exciting outcome of the ArvinMeritor merger is our success in applying light vehicle design and manufacturing expertise to emissions solutions for our commercial vehicle customers. In the United States, new diesel emissions standards are scheduled to take place in 2007 and 2010 that demand a 90- to 95-percent reduction in particulate matter and nitrogen oxides (NOx). Similar standards are taking place in Europe this year and in 2008. We are currently a leader in the European diesel aftertreatment market, and we intend to lead the global industry in offering a complete portfolio of clean air solutions for both light and commercial vehicles. Additional technologies in our portfolio include on-demand power steering systems, highly-integrated plastic door modules, large-opening roof systems and cross-car cradle suspension modules for passenger cars and light-duty trucks. For trucks and trailers, we introduced the first phases of the new DuraSlideTM trailer air suspension, composite springs, and an electric drivetrain program. Through our focus on technology in the areas of safety, mobility and the environment, we will create value for our customers who manufacture the vehicles, and for their customers who drive them. Positioning ArvinMeritor to Thrive With approximately 50 percent of our business outside of North America, we are well-positioned to capitalize on the growing transportation infrastructure in China and India. We will also deploy new capital investment in the global growth markets and capture the considerable manufacturing opportunities that exist in leading cost competitive countries. We have the passion and the fortitude to succeed in the motor vehicle industry. We've taken steps to improve our operational performance; eliminate inefficiencies in all areas of the company; deliver the highest quality of service to our customers; diversify our business to achieve an optimal balance in terms of geography, product and customer mix; develop technology that meets our customers' needs; and maximize shareowner return. We are committed to sustaining and improving our leadership position in an industry that continues to offer extraordinary promise and opportunity.

Sincerely,

Charles G. "Chip" McClure Chairman, CEO and President December 16, 2005

ArvinMeritor, Inc.

| 2005 Annual Report

