ArvinMeritor Shareowners,
Fiscal year 2007 was a year in which we looked closely at every aspect of our business to determine exactly what steps we needed to take to improve our profitability and deliver the returns you expect from a company like ArvinMeritor. We began to implement aggressive strategic actions that we believe will enable us to turn challenges into opportunities. While we do not expect our strategies to bear fruit overnight, we are confident that we are on a path toward delivering sustainable and profitable growth. We operate in an industry that fluctuates with changes in the worldwide economies, consumer spending and governmental and environmental regulations. In order to not only survive ­ but thrive ­ in this industry, it is critical that we are a diversified, flexible and disciplined company. With the guidance and oversight of our Board of Directors, the management team has developed a strategic plan that is predicated on these ideas. We are firmly positioned to execute our plan to meet the financial goals we have committed to in 2008. The elements of our plan include: · Refocusing on our core businesses. · Maintaining a strong balance sheet. · Strengthening our product portfolio and our global presence in markets that offer the highest growth opportunities. · Improving our global supply chain. · Aligning with the right customers, establishing better pricing disciplines and improving our platform mix. · Driving performance improvements through our Performance Plus program. As part of our overall effort to divest non-core assets ­ both in North America and globally ­ we made some difficult, but necessary decisions in 2007. In addition to the sale of our Emissions Technology business, which we completed in May, we are also on track to consolidate or close 13 facilities around the world. The divestiture of our Emissions Technology business enabled us to reduce the concentration of risk with certain customers, limit our exposure to volatility in alloy metals pricing, and avoid a costly restructuring of this business. This transaction changed the strategic landscape of the company significantly, allowing us to focus our human and capital resources on our two core businesses: Commercial Vehicle Systems (CVS) and Light Vehicle Systems (LVS). CVS ­ which includes trucks, trailers, specialty and aftermarket ­ comprises approximately two-thirds of our company. We have a long heritage of developing industry-leading products in this area, making ArvinMeritor a market leader in the majority of the components produced within CVS. Going forward, we will continue to dedicate ourselves to providing even higher levels of quality, delivery and customer satisfaction, while taking aggressive steps to improve our overall cost structure.

We are successfully restructuring our LVS business ­ which is comprised of Chassis Systems, Body Systems (doors and roofs), and Wheels. We are now in a much better position to grow globally and expand our business opportunities relative to the smart systemsTM solutions we announced in September which will enhance light vehicle performance through greater use of electronics and control technology. The Low Energy Release Latch, which combines proprietary electronic software with an innovative mechanical solution, is an initial offering through smart systemsTM. Product development, a globally integrated engineering system, ongoing cost reductions and market growth are the primary areas of focus within LVS for continued margin improvement. Strengthening the Balance Sheet We are committed to strengthening our balance sheet and improving our liquidity, and are pleased with the following actions we were able to implement this year: · Issued $200 million of 4.0 percent convertible senior unsecured notes due 2027, with an earlier redemption option beginning in 2019. · Purchased and extinguished $249 million of fixed-term debt. · Reduced the unfunded status of our pension plans by $228 million to a net unfunded liability of $181 million through increased pension contributions and higher returns on plan assets. · Increased our European accounts receivable securitization and factoring programs, resulting in total availability for these programs of approximately $400 million. Operating in the World's Markets With approximately 50 percent of our commercial vehicle sales in North America, we were affected this year by a downturn in this market that has proven to be longer and deeper than originally expected, primarily due to concerns related to the housing market and rising fuel prices. Class 8 truck volumes were down approximately 30 percent in this market in 2007. Our European customers experienced an unanticipated demand for trucks driven by the ongoing logistical integration of Western and Central Europe. Based on our commitment to meet customer requirements and exceed expectations even in difficult circumstances, we incurred high-volume penalties caused by sourcing issues, premium freight and additional labor costs. In South America, factors including single-digit inflation, anticipated double-digit industry growth in 2008 and strong foreign investment offer an optimistic economic outlook for ArvinMeritor's wholly-owned operations that produce wheels, door systems, axles, and aftermarket products, as well as for our chassis systems, brake and suspension joint ventures in this region. Asia Pacific continues to offer unprecedented opportunities for growth and profitability, but also presents challenges inherent in rapidly growing markets, which include recruiting and retaining talent, increasing competition, moving products quickly to market and managing our supply chain. To address these challenges, we announced a new Asia Pacific organization in June. This team, led by Rakesh Sachdev, is dedicated to capitalizing on the rapidly growing markets throughout this region with three primary goals: · Adding $1 billion in revenues over the next five years. · Increasing sourcing from the region to $1 billion in components and systems. · Enhancing our engineering presence in the region to support the worldwide needs of the company.

ArvinMeritor, Inc.

2007 Annual Report

Building the Foundation with Performance Plus In 2007, we began implementing actions to position the company to more profitably manage the unique conditions that exist in each of the regions where we operate. Our global team, which spans 23 countries on five continents, implemented many significant initiatives through the Performance Plus program ­ which was launched in December 2006 to increase profits and reduce costs ­ that strengthen the company and position us to achieve greater short- and long-term profitability. Working collaboratively as a global team, we have driven a structured and disciplined implementation of this program that is changing the way we do business across the company. Performance Plus is on track to deliver cost savings of $75 million in fiscal year 2008, and $150 million in fiscal year 2009, and more thereafter. Our Performance Plus initiatives generated or enhanced the following business advances: ArvinMeritor Production System Based on world-class lean operating systems, we developed and began an aggressive execution of the ArvinMeritor Production System designed to improve operational performance in all our facilities. Selling, General and Administrative Instituted across-the-board actions to reduce discretionary spending and corporate overhead costs, including a recently announced agreement with EDS to manage ArvinMeritor's U.S. and Canadian Information Systems infrastructure services. Direct Material Optimization Generated and began implementation of a series of activities including design optimization, leading cost competitive sourcing, freight savings, and clean sheet assessments and negotiations, which combined will account for approximately two-thirds of the total savings from Performance Plus in fiscal year 2008. Health Care Decreased health care costs by transitioning to more consumer-driven healthcare plans with a greater sharing of cost between the company and our employees. Restructuring Began restructuring actions that will result in the closure of 13 facilities ­ six of which have been announced. Combined, these actions will provide greater flexibility, further optimize assets and improve our global manufacturing footprint so that we can be more responsive to changing market demands and customer requirements. Capital Investment Approved investments to better support our customers including opening a plant in Romania to produce door systems for European customers, and a new greenfield 400,000-square-foot plant in Monterrey, Mexico, which will produce commercial vehicle components for the North American market. Other key investments include expansion of the wheels facility in Mexico and acquiring new gear-cutting equipment. Technical Capability We plan to enhance our technical capabilities by building a new technical center in Shanghai, China, and doubling the number of engineers in our existing technical center in Bangalore, India. New Business Won new business including the majority of the Mine Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicles awarded to date for commercial vehicle components, and we were awarded contracts to supply more than four million window regulator motors annually to Hyundai Motor Company.

Customer Diversification We continued to make progress in diversifying our light vehicle customer mix resulting in a significantly greater amount of business with non-North American-based OEMs, including Chery Motors, a rapidly growing OEM based in China, Hyundai and Dacia. New Ventures Entered into a partnership with Chery Motors to produce chassis products in Wuhu, China, and formed a new venture with TRW to distribute ride control parts to light vehicle aftermarket customers in Europe ­ driven by the strength of the Gabriel brand. Additionally, we recently announced the acquisition of Mascot Truck Parts, which makes ArvinMeritor a significant player in the North American commercial vehicle remanufacturing business. Returning Greater Value to Shareowners While we expect the North American commercial vehicle market to remain soft through the first half of 2008, we are implementing the necessary actions to ensure we are well-positioned for the rebound in the truck market. Given our new capital investment, improvements in our manufacturing footprint, and full-implementation of our customized lean production system, we expect to This year, we looked benefit from the turnaround in the market which we anticipate will begin in closely at every aspect the second half of the year. We anticipate that truck volumes in Europe, South America and Asia Pacific will continue to be strong, and believe that the aggressive actions we are taking to increase capacity for core components, bring new suppliers online from Eastern Europe and Asia, and invest in equipment and technology where necessary, will provide the structure needed for us to benefit from this strong demand.

of our business to determine what steps we needed to take to improve our profitability and deliver the returns you expect from a company like ArvinMeritor.

While fully acknowledging the challenges of operating in the global vehicle markets, we believe that the aggressive actions we have taken in 2007 will help to improve our earnings in fiscal year 2008. The ArvinMeritor team has the experience, knowledge and talent; the passion for this business; and the drive to succeed that will ultimately deliver the expected level of value to our shareowners. We are committed to utilizing our capabilities and our strong market position to succeed. To reach our goals, we are focused on delivering "gotta have" or "next generation" game-changing products, capitalizing on the tremendous growth opportunities in emerging markets around the world, maintaining a strong balance sheet, and diversifying our customer base, product portfolio and global presence. Sincerely,

Charles G. "Chip" McClure Chairman, CEO and President December 10, 2007
ArvinMeritor, Inc. 2007 Annual Report

