Shareowners,
ArvinMeritor employees in 22 countries worked hard this year to transform the company. Going forward, we intend to excel in the commercial vehicle industry as a leading supplier of the products we know so well. As we celebrate our
100-year anniversary in 2009, we are proud of a heritage that dates back to 1909.
We are a global leader in producing high-quality and technologically advanced products including axles, drivelines, suspensions and brakes. We also have a
well-established aftermarket parts and remanufacturing business that keeps vehicles on the road longer with well-recognized product brands including Meritor,
Euclid and Mascot. Our broad range of products is found on truck, trailer, off-highway, military, bus & coach, and fire & rescue vehicles around the world.
During the past four years, we have continued to build and strengthen ArvinMeritor through a comprehensive strategy designed to rationalize, refocus and regenerate the business. Developing a successful plan is challenging; executing it is even more difficult. We have demonstrated that we know how to do both.
Although we have been operating in a downturn that primarily affected North America in fiscal year 2008, we reported financial and operational performance improvement through a coordinated global effort. Sales from continuing operations- which in fiscal year 2008 included the Light Vehicle Systems (LVS) business-were $7.2 billion, an 11-percent increase over fiscal year 2007,
up four percent at constant exchange rates. We also delivered $75 million in savings from our Performance Plus profit improvement program that began early in 2007 in North America, and continues today with the same diligence in Europe.
Extremely weak economic conditions are now affecting every region of the world. We believe the global commercial vehicle markets could deteriorate further before we begin to see signs of recovery. In October 2008, we announced actions to reduce costs and realign our workforce to declining volumes. While not losing sight of our long-term straetgy, ArvinMeritor is prepared to take additional steps if necessary to protect and preserve shareowner value.

Rationalizing and Refocusing - Focusing on Our Core Competencies
In May of this year, we announced our plan to separate the company's LVS business, which produces body and chassis systems. We are working diligently to facilitate this separation under difficult economic conditions. Once we are exclusively a commercial vehicle business, we expect to have increased flexibility, better customer alignment and a greater strategic focus on profitable growth opportunities.
 
Also this year, we continued to improve our manufacturing footprint by closing two facilities in North America and successfully transitioning that business to other operations. In August, we began manufacturing axles and brakes at our new commercial vehicle plant in Cienega de Flores, Mexico. This facility has high-end capabilities in advanced gear-cutting and axle assembly, which significantly improves our manufacturing efficiency. It also provides us with the infrastructure to support growth in two of our defined market segments - off-highwayand the commercial vehicle aftermarket.
These actions, combined with prior sales of the light vehicle aftermarket, emission and coil coating businesses, as well as variousfacility closures and consolidations, have helped us reshape the company. Going forward, we will focus on our core competenices, optimize our manufacturing capacity and create a geographic balance that capitalizes on regional beneifts.

Regenerating - Creating Value through Growth and Technology
Acting on opportunities for profitable growth is a major element of our strategy. Expanding our presence in established markets with enhanced products and technology and penetrating emerging markets with ArvinMeritor's heritage products customized for local needs are the cornerstones of our growth objectives.
Commercial Vehicle Aftermarket We are expanding our presence in the commercial vehicle aftermarket - which includes remanufacturing - into every major region of the world. This year, we announced two strategic acquisitions. On July 3, we added Trucktechnic, a remanufacturer and distributor of commercial vehicle disc brake and air system components based in Liege, Belgium, to the ArvinMeritor family. This company's line of brake kits, components, and testing equipment expands and complements our existing European aftermarket portfolio both in product breadth and market depth and will be key in supporting our continued growth in that region.
This acquisition followed our December 2007 purchase of Mascot Truck Parts, a remanufacturer of brake shoes, transmissions, drive axle carriers, steering gears and drivelines, which has now been fully integrated into ArvinMeritor's global operations.
Shortly after completing the Mascot acquisition, we announced a
multi-million-dollar supply agreement to provide remanufactured transmissions and axle carriers to Navistar Parts, and entered into agreements with PACCAR to support its Peterbilt and Kenworth dealer networks in Canada with the Mascot brand of remanufactured transmissions and axle carriers. We also successfully launched the Mascot brand of remanufactured manual transmissions and axle carriers to Daimler Trucks North America brand dealer networks. To further expand our aftermarket portfolio, we plan to launch Allison automatic transmissions early next year which will be remanufactured in ArvinMeritor's Plainfield, Ind., faciilty.
Military In 2008, we succeeded in expanding our military business. ArvinMeritor wasa supplier on a majority of the Mine Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicles- a significant contributor to the company's 2008 sales and profits. We ramped up quickly to design and launch new axle-integrated systems for the 2007 and 2008 programs. Now that these vehicles are in the combat zone, they'rein need of aftermarket service. So, whilewe expect to see a decline in the production of these vehicles in 2009, we anticipate the demand for our aftermarket parts and service to increase.
 





ArvinMeritor, Inc. 2008 Annual Report
 
ArvinMeritor is well-positioned with prime contractors to support the new MRAP-Light program, also called M-A1V (MRAP All-Terrain Vehicle). This new vehicle will begin to replace the heavier MRAP because it is more effective on mountainous terrain and narrow trails where they are currently needed
in Afghanistan.
We are also the drivetrain supplier on Lockheed Martin and BAE's most recent proposals for the Joint LightTactical Vehicle (JLTV) program. And we're continuing to increase our military business with BAE to supply the Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles (FMTV) program, and with Navistar Defense to supply parts for other medium tactical vehicles.
We're proud that we continue to be selected to supply military vehicle programs, and believe that our ability to move highly customized products to market quickly differentiates us from our competitors.
 
Other innovative products include the MT-610, the world's most advanced hub-reduction axle, and the ELSA-175S, a high-performance, cost optimized disc brake. Also, we recently made a major investment in our axle facility in Asheville, N.C. where we will operate a new axle carrier manufacturing and assembly line for the lighter, more fuel efficient, high performance 14X - the next generation line haul axle which will go into production in May 2009.

Executing Our Strategy in 2009
The value ArvinMeritor brings to the industry is fueled by the rich heritage and passion for the industry that has evolved in our culture, people and processes over the last 100 years. We are applying our collective knowledge, background and expertise to a broad
spectrum of opportunities,
 
Off-Highway ArvinMeritor offers a broad and expanding product portfolio for both original equipment and aftermarket off-highway customers in North America, South America, Europe, Africa and Asia. Not only do we provide systems solutions, we are also able to design, test and manufacture our own axle gearing. ArvinMeritor's customers appreciate the value of these proven gear design capabilities.
We are pleased to offer two new major components to our off-highway product line-up: the Meritor loader axle features multi-plate wet disc brakes and is designed for loader applications; and the global hub reduction axle family of single and tandem rear axles meets our customers' needs for operational flexibility and has been introduced for the heavy haul and construction, refuse, logging, concrete and mining vocational markets. The
 
both domestic and international.
The work we did to strengthen the company in 2008 should enable us to respond more effectively to the weakening demand we are experiencing in most of our markets. Economic indicators suggest that this downturn could last well into 2009; therefore, we will
 
We are applying our
collective knowledge, background and expertise to a broad spectrum of opportunities, both domestic and international.
 
axles offer up to 600 lbs. of weight savings and a wide-ratio range to meet
the needs of virtually any on- or off-highway application, as well as a host of suspension adaptations and brake offerings.
Throughout Asia, we anticipate that sales of construction machinery will be fueled by economic growth, ongoing industrialization efforts, burgeoning populations and growing standards of living in developing parts of the world. ArvinMeritor's operation in Xuzhou, China, a long-term successful joint venture with the Xuzhou Construction Machinery Group, the country's largest construction machinery manufacturer, supplies products for off-highway loaders, mining, paving and grading, and has experienced significant increases in revenue over the past several years.
Advanced Technology Advanced product technology is absolutely necessary to remain viable and competitive. We will continue to develop components and integrated systems that improve fuel efficiency, such as the dual-mode, heavy-duty diesel-electric drivetrain, which combines both mechanical and
electrical propulsion systems. This system will result in impressive fuel savings by operating the engine at its most fuel efficient range, reducing engine idling time and recapturing energy through regenerative braking.
ArvinMeritor's hybrid program is unique and we believe our multi-platform strategy will position us as a leader in this area. We developed the first electric drivetrain for Wal-Mart that will be completed early next year, and we designed and supplied the electric drive system for the medium-duty Unicell battery electric delivery vehicle being used by Purolator in Canada. These advanced programs are transforming commercial vehicle drivetrains through controls and electronics and will provide viable solutions for improved
fuel economy.
 
focus on five key priorities this year:
•	Accelerate restructuring to further improve our cost structure
•	Continue to improve operational performance  and productivity
•	Complete the separation of the light vehicle business
•	Expand high-margin segments
•	Strengthen our product and technology position
While the outlook for 2009 remains uncertain, our direction is clear. We will confront the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead with flexibility and speed; a solid business strategy; advanced technologies that fulfill our customers' needs; a history that blends performance and dependability; and a culture that inspires excellence.


Sincerely,

 
Charles G. "Chip" McClure Chairman, CEO and President
December 15, 2008






ArvinMeritor, Inc. 2008 Annual Rernrt
