The Manitowoc Company, Inc. | 1

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Manitowoc's solid performance in 2011 reflects

a disciplined approach to executing a consistent strategy across both businesses. This strategy has positioned Manitowoc to create significant shareholder value as market conditions continue to improve.

Fellow Shareholders: Manitowoc finished 2011 on a strong note. Both of our industryleading businesses grew faster than their competition. They also delivered higher sales and operating earnings--despite fluctuating demand across their end markets. This clearly demonstrated our leadership team's ability to navigate challenging business cycles while staying focused on execution. As a result, we made solid progress on our strategic imperatives, which helps position Manitowoc for sustainable long-term growth. However, we still face some market challenges. The headwinds of rising commodity costs and other pricing pressures make some customers cautious about capital spending. But we know how to create value in today's slower growth environment, while taking advantage of whatever improvements the global economy has to offer. That's clear from the advances we made in the last four years, in the face of less than favorable economic circumstances. We successfully balanced our business portfolio, expanded our presence in emerging markets, updated our global facilities, broadened our Lean manufacturing practices, divested non-core assets, and paid down more than $1.0 billion in debt. This more efficient structure should position us well to take advantage of organic growth opportunities in the coming years. Setting and Meeting Financial Goals When 2011 began, we projected that our Crane business would see low double-digit revenue growth and moderate increases in its

margins. For Foodservice, we anticipated high single-digit revenue increases and operating margins in the mid-teens. We also expected to use our strong free cash flow to pay down an additional $150 to $200 million in debt. Those goals were largely met: · Net sales reached $3.7 billion, with $2.2 billion generated by Cranes and $1.5 billion from Foodservice · Net earnings before special items were $50.2 million, or $0.38 per share · Cash from continuing operations totaled $34.8 million · Debt was reduced by $140 million through diligent working capital management and divestiture of a non-core Foodservice subsidiary · The Enodis integration was completed. A Strategic Focus Makes Our Growth Possible These results reflect the strengths that differentiate Manitowoc as an industrial company--and as an investment. Most notably, our two businesses produce significant free cash flow, even during down cycles. This gives us the flexibility to leverage our businesses as opportunities arise and to delever by paying down debt. Our flexible and efficient manufacturing footprint enables us to respond to changing market conditions. A strong global talent base-- with market-leading capabilities in engineering and customer service--plus our company-wide commitment to Economic ValueAdded (EVA®) give us a disciplined approach to managing capital. Our success also reflects a longterm commitment to the seven strategic imperatives that guide

everything we do. In 2011 we made measurable progress on each. Growth-- Over the last decade, Manitowoc has evolved into a truly global enterprise. Our marketleading manufacturing and service infrastructure supports customers wherever they do business. We recently increased our investment in the high-growth developing markets of India, China, and Brazil. Emerging market regions contributed 40 percent of our 2011 revenues, up from 4 percent in 2000. For Cranes, local manufacturing allows us to serve the expanding energy and infrastructure industries. In Foodservice, we are helping global restaurant chains develop efficient footprints, build reliable supply chains, and develop market-specific menu items. Excellence in Operations -- Both business segments are intently focused on Lean manufacturing processes. That, in turn, reduces production costs while improving processes, quality, and working capital. The advances we made enabled us to preserve Crane margins during the recent economic downturn and steadily improve those at Foodservice. Further progress should occur as our Crane business recovers and as we continue to streamline our Foodservice operations. Innovation --Manitowoc has shown it can be innovative with its infrastructure: creating the industry's best operations, supply chain, and service network. But it's what we do with the substantial investments in new products, product enhancements, and service that keeps customers coming back. In 2011 we rolled out 12 new crane

Glen E. Tellock Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

products that span our crawler, tower, and mobile telescopic categories. Foodservice introduced over 50 new products, including the standard-setting IndigoTM ice machine and a variety of technological enhancements for our Merrychef ovens to name a couple. Customer Focus -- Manitowoc enjoys strong C-suite relationships with global foodservice chains and crane rental houses. We add value as a strategic partner by helping customers address a variety of operating challenges. These range from managing and maintaining crane assets, to helping foodservice operations expand into nontraditional venues. In 2011 we continued implementation of a new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system within our Crane segment, which will enable us to present a single transactional face to the customer. This effort will accelerate in 2012. Aftermarket Services --Our global Crane Care network provides a distinct competitive advantage, as customers seek to maximize uptime and extend the life of their cranes. We recently opened a new contact center in Pune, India. This

2 | The Manitowoc Company, Inc.

brings our industry-leading network to six locations. Each contact center is staffed and equipped to provide a full range of service and support solutions--regardless of the crane's age or application. We are now applying that same strategy and best practices to our Foodservice business. In 2011 we strengthened our STAR service offering in Latin America and signed new preventive maintenance contracts with large global customers. As a result, aftermarket revenue should certainly increase, as more cranes return to service and our installed base of foodservice equipment grows in developed and emerging markets. People--Manitowoc employees demonstrated tremendous resilience during turbulent times, and their focus helped us to meet performance targets. To create long-term career opportunities, we have developed new leadership training programs and will introduce a new talent management program in 2012 that will help us optimize a diverse and growing global workforce. Value --Our Crane business appears to be in the early stages of a multi-year growth cycle, while Foodservice is poised for steady long-term growth. In both cases we have built strong operating leverage that will drive higher margins. In 2011 we also refinanced our bank debt to improve the balance sheet, reduce interest expense, and gain greater flexibility to execute our business strategies. This sharp strategic focus--and relentless execution--allows us to drive balanced growth while creating significant value for customers, shareholders, and the industry segments our products support. Two Are Stronger Than One After reaching its trough in 2010, the global crane market began to recover in 2011. We experienced strong growth in North America and in parts of Asia, Latin America, India, and the Middle East. This

was driven largely by energy and infrastructure projects. As a result, Cranes recorded sales growth across our rough-terrain, allterrain, tower crane, and boom truck product lines. Customers respond to our strong value proposition, which combines customerinspired innovation with unrivaled quality and comprehensive aftermarket support throughout the product's life cycle. Foodservice once again outperformed its competitors despite difficult market conditions. Some operators delayed new capital investments. Global chains, however, want to equip their high-performance kitchens with innovative products. This often leads them to purchase our Indigo ice machines, Merrychef ovens, Convotherm mini-combi ovens, and Frymaster low-oil-volume fryers. To capture these opportunities, the Foodservice team consolidated its European operations, restructured its sales territories in Asia, and leveraged its global reach and product breadth to seize market share. Progress on Ongoing Initiatives We entered 2011 with clear cash flow targets. We needed to hit those to reduce our debt, invest in growth, and increase the amount that flows to our bottom line. Even with this intense focus on cash flow, we moved forward with several important initiatives to fuel our long-term success. Early in 2012, we will open a new Crane facility in southern Brazil to capitalize on opportunities throughout Latin America. We currently benefit from strong brand recognition and a historically high market share throughout this important emerging market. In addition, the Passo Fundo facility will give us a competitive advantage as the first global crane manufacturer to produce rough-terrain and tower cranes in this part of the world. An ongoing commitment to workplace safety continues to transform our culture--and our operating

processes. We place safety as the foundation for our quality, cost, and production improvement programs. As I visit our Crane and Foodservice plants around the world, I see managers leading with safety every day, and employees maintaining high standards. In 2011 our Foodservice segment completed a three-year process of implementing a comprehensive safety program. Since its introduction in 2005, we have reduced OSHA recordable events to near world-class levels, while cutting worker compensation costs per hour by 75 percent. I am equally proud of our ability to help customers achieve their sustainability goals. In Cranes, our modular designs enable contractors to work more efficiently and with less equipment. Each new generation of cranes becomes more energy efficient, safer to operate, and compliant with increasingly rigorous emissions standards. I encourage you to learn more about our broader initiatives by reviewing our 2011­2012 Sustainability and Social Responsibility Report at www.manitowoc.com. 2012: Opportunities in Both Markets Our improved performance last year paved the way for continued success in 2012. We plan to capitalize on activity driven by large infrastructure and energy projects in Cranes and momentum from new product launches in Foodservice. We view 2012 as a period of improving expansion for our Crane segment. Steady sales of new crane products should occur as dealers in North America restock their fleets. We also anticipate continued growth in various emerging markets--including South America and Greater Asia-Pacific--coupled with good activity throughout parts of North America. Our focus in 2012 is turning the significant operating leverage we created into improved performance and profitability, as output increases.

Foodservice looks forward to another year of steady growth, led by large global customers making new capital investments. This business has created a winning combination of market-leading products, customer and channel relationships, plus an unrivaled global footprint. We believe that combination gives us many opportunities to drive additional revenue growth. At the same time, Lean initiatives and a more efficient global operating structure should spur additional margin improvement. After navigating a prolonged and exceptionally difficult down cycle, we are encouraged by the opportunities ahead. It's clear that we have the right strategy, the right infrastructure, and the right people working together to drive long-term growth. A series of transformative acquisitions has left Manitowoc with two strong, industry-leading platforms that can take advantage of longterm growth opportunities. Prudent capital management and implementation of Lean initiatives have measurably reduced our operating expenses--and created significant operating leverage. And the improving strength and flexibility of our capital structure gives us the latitude to continue applying our seven strategic initiatives to help our business grow even further and ultimately reward our shareholders with the solid returns we all expect.

Glen E. Tellock Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

