Letter to Shareholders
n 2006, we had the best year in our 104-year history. We're ready for more. Led by the outstanding performance of our Crane Group, we achieved our twelfth consecutive year of record revenues. Sales grew more than 30% to $2.9 billion. Net earnings before special items increased by 139% to $176.5 million, or $2.81 per share. We created more than $100 million in Economic Value-Added (EVA®) -- double the previous record set in 1999. Results like these don't happen by accident, or overnight. Our success results from focusing on six strategic priorities -- all aimed at creating value -- and then working our plan, year after year. For 2007, we are adding a seventh strategic priority -- World-Class Aftermarket Service and Support -- to the set of imperatives that we're currently using as our roadmap to the future.

I

square-foot crane manufacturing plant in China -- three times the size of our previous facility there -- that consolidates our position as the leading crane manufacturer in one of the world's fastest-growing construction markets. The new crane plant along with a new ice machine manufacturing facility that we opened in China a year earlier are the latest in a series of initiatives that have transformed our performance and our prospects. In 1999, 5% of our sales originated outside the United States. Today, we not only operate manufacturing and service facilities in 14 countries, but we earn 48% of our revenues from outside the United States. The 15 acquisitions we have completed since 1995 have brought us leading positions across many of our markets, enabled us to do more for

customers, and allowed us to leverage our manufacturing capabilities, distribution channels, and service networks. In early 2006, we announced the acquisition of ExacTech to enhance the heavy-machining capacity within our crane business. The acquisition of McCann's Engineering, a supplier of backroom beverage dispensing equipment, will help our Foodservice Group gain greater control of its production processes and improve profit margins. In January 2007, we acquired a line of mobile industrial cranes that complement our existing products and give us a leading position in that product category.
Innovation

the development of new products and services; by listening to their requests at the start of the product development process, we greatly increase the likelihood of our success in the marketplace. Opening a modern crane manufacturing facility in China answered a customer need for shorter delivery times of products destined for the rapidly growing Asian market. New beverage equipment products help convenience store operators capitalize on the growing demand for non-carbonated beverages. In addition, the new ERP system now being implemented across our Foodservice operations will streamline ordering, reduce lead times, and allow for more integrated service.
Excellence in Operations

Growth

Our first priority is profitable, global growth. We are growing organically and pursuing strategic acquisitions. In 2006, we officially opened a new 805,000-

Our ongoing target is to generate 80% of our annual revenues from products introduced within the past five years. Innovation adds value to our products and brands, while increasing both the size of our markets and our market shares. In 2006, we introduced 15 new crane products and announced plans for an entirely new type of crane whose revolutionary design combines outstanding mobility with exceptional lifting capacity. Our foodservice equipment business introduced 28 new products in 2006, including new energy-saving ice machines that helped us win a larger share of that market. In addition, our Marine Group launched the first of a new class of advanced ships for the US Navy, the Littoral Combat Ship, just 15 months after laying its keel.
Customer Focus

To ensure that we achieve profitable growth, we're pursuing excellence in every aspect of our operations. In 2006, we continued to widen the application of Six Sigma quality practices across our businesses. A new Design For Six Sigma process in our crane business helped to significantly reduce first-90-day warranty claims. Consolidation of two walk-in refrigerator plants is shortening lead times and increasing production. Re-engineering and refocusing our marine business helped it improve efficiency and profitability and win high marks -- and repeat orders -- from both government and commercial customers.
People and Organizational Development

Terry D. Growcock Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

As a global company that's easy to do business with, we're focused on doing more for our customers. Their voices guide

To be successful, a global company needs a world-class workforce. Since 2004, more than 250 managers have completed one of our three leadership development programs. In 2006, we implemented new

2

More Global Presence

Manitowoc has manufacturing and service facilities located in 14 countries.

Cranes and Related Products Foodservice Equipment Marine Operations

human resources software and a new employee intranet to provide the common platform needed to manage a global organization. Our enterprise values -- integrity, commitment to stakeholders, and passion for excellence -- were embedded in a new employee code of conduct to help assure the same standards of behavior across an increasingly multinational, multicultural workforce. And we haven't lost sight of the basics. A new safety management system that draws on the best practices of all our businesses reduced total lost-time accidents and cut workers compensation costs by more than 50%. Impressively, our foodservice business had no lost-time injuries in 2006.
Value Creation

have produced record profits. Our commitment to EVA brings financial discipline to the company and helps ensure that we make the best use of our capital. By concentrating on these six priorities, we've achieved exceptional results. Now, we are adding a seventh priority: to provide world-class aftermarket service and support for all of our customers around the world. We believe that formalizing this long-standing commitment will increase our value to our customers. World-class service provides another way to differentiate our products and businesses from those of our competitors. World-class service will help deliver new growth.
Looking Ahead

An organization that grows, innovates, cares about its customers and employees, and works productively will create value. That's what we've done. The tremendous operating leverage of our Crane Group, combined with a steady contribution from the Foodservice Group and improved performance at the Marine Group,

Our focus and commitment will continue to carry the company forward. We expect conditions to remain favorable through 2007 and beyond. With growing demand in all major segments and new opportunities in emerging countries, the outlook for the Crane Group is bright. Our Food-

service Group will continue to produce consistent cash flows, while new product introductions and the ongoing implementation of its new ERP system will improve both sales and profitability. Our Marine Group is booked for commercial orders into 2010 and is faring well in the competition for new vessels that support our nation's homeland security and defense initiatives. Given all of our success, we still have more to do. We will further intensify efforts to manage rising material costs and get the most from our supply chain. We'll also seek to strengthen the protection of our intellectual property. Most of all, we plan to deliver even more for our customers, shareholders, and employees. We will endeavor to expand our global presence in India, South America, Eastern Europe, and the Middle East. Guided by a proven, disciplined approach, we will continue to pursue acquisitions in our foodservice and crane businesses. We will continue to innovate with products that offer new features and benefits and fill the remaining voids in

our product lines. We'll continue to improve every aspect of our operations, at the same time that earlier investments begin to pay off. Our growing global service networks will add to our revenue stream. We also will continue to develop the best people in our respective industries. In 2006, we mourned the passing of Robert Becker, who was the first president of Manitowoc Equipment Works, (the predecessor of Manitowoc Ice). Later in the year, we announced the retirement of Tim Kraus, the president of our Foodservice Group. At different times in our history, both men helped to shape Manitowoc Foodservice into the company it is today. We salute their achievements. We have never been more successful, and we are ready to do even more. I look forward to sharing more good news with you in the months ahead.

Terry D. Growcock Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
3

