Letter to Shareholders

Our 105th year was the best in our history. Led by the exceptional performance of our Crane segment, supported by strong contributions from our Foodservice and Marine operations, we achieved our thirteenth consecutive year of record revenues.
Dear Fellow Shareholders: In 2007, our sales grew by 37% to more than $4 billion. Net earnings grew 100% to $2.64 per diluted share. The good news is that we expect to do even better in the months and years ahead. Our confidence is based on our success at achieving the six--now seven--strategic imperatives that we first set out in 2006. They have helped to transform us into a global company. And they continue to drive our performance and our prospects. Imperative #1: Growth Our number one objective is profitable global growth. As late as 1999, our sales totaled less than $1 billion and less than 5% of our sales originated outside the United States. Today, our sales are four times higher, with over 50% coming from international markets. In 2007, we continued to grow through acquisitions and the expansion of our existing businesses. Acquisitions strengthened our position in the industrial crane market and made us a market leader in India's tower crane industry. A new crane manufacturing facility in Slovakia has become the final manufacturing and assembly site for tower cranes delivered to Eastern Europe, while a new facility in Portugal adds to the capacity of the existing Potain factory located nearby. In 2008, we will continue to pursue acquisitions in our Crane and Foodservice businesses that not only enhance our capacity, but better serve our customers' needs. Imperative #2: Innovation It has long been our goal to generate 80% of our revenues from products acquired or introduced within the past five years. Innovation distinguishes our products from competitors', builds our brands, expands the size of our markets--and our share of each. Following our "voice of the customer" approach, we introduced nearly 50 new products during 2007. They include an entirely new type of crane, new ice and beverage dispensers that offer more choices to consumers, and one of the world's most advanced naval combat ships. As these examples suggest, the range of our products is diverse, but all are designed, engineered, and built to help both our customers and us succeed more. We plan to introduce approximately 50 new products in 2008. Imperative #3: Customer Focus Customer-driven innovation is just one of the ways we are focusing on customers in everything we do. Today, that often means meeting their need for speed. As customers seek to reduce the time it takes to make decisions, get their products to market, or complete their projects, we are working to provide faster service at every point from the initial order through life-cycle product support. To reach that goal, we continued to put our plants and our people close to our customers. Our ice machine plant in China is supporting the growth of our Foodservice business across the Asia/Pacific region. New crane plants in Europe and India, coupled with the expansion of our crane facilities in the US, will help us deliver products faster than ever before. The enterprise resource planning systems being finalized at our Foodservice business and initiated in Cranes--the largest system investments in our history--will streamline ordering, help customers manage their inventories, and improve delivery speed. Imperative #4: Excellence in Operations Quality and growth are part of the same equation. Our growth has provided the resources to continuously improve our quality, and outstanding quality brings exceptional growth. Since 2002, we have been building Six Sigma quality processes into all of our operations, and in 2007 more people than ever completed introductory or advanced Six Sigma training. We're continuously improving our operations, and we've never hesitated to consolidate or re-engineer our businesses to boost their performance. For example, our Marine business over the past 18 months has shortened delivery schedules, enhanced quality, and increased profits. Imperative #5: People and Organizational Development Manitowoc is a growth company. Over the past six years we've doubled in size. To continue our success, we must ensure that we attract, develop, retain, and inspire the best people at every level across our worldwide organization. "Making It Real," the report that begins on page 8, details our recent progress. We are working to build a common culture and shared values around the world. Those values include a strong commitment to safety, and we have improved our performance in that key metric, too. Lost-time injuries declined by nearly 15% in 2007, and our Foodservice business incurred only one lost-time accident during the year. Of course, that's still one too many. Our goal is zero.

2

Imperative #6: Aftermarket Support While we have always taken care of our customers, the success of our Crane Care business shows just how important our aftermarket product support services can be to our customers and their success. Launched just five years ago, Crane Care has grown at double-digit rates and improved both our customer satisfaction scores and our profitability. The recent opening of new Crane Care contact centers in Germany and China helps to ensure that the sun never sets on our service. Crane Care also serves as a model for the development of similar offerings by our Foodservice business.

Glen E. Tellock

Terry D. Growcock Imperative #7: Value Creation We believe that if you offer innovative, high-quality products to growing markets, work efficiently, develop and maintain an outstanding workforce, and take care of your customers, you'll create real value. In 2007, all three of our businesses contributed to our profitable growth, adding a total of $207 million to our economic value. Another milestone in 2007 was our selection to the S&P 500 Index of leading industrial companies. This achievement reflects Manitowoc's ability to create real value. Moving Ahead Focusing on our core strategies has brought us tremendous success. We will remain focused on our time-proven strategies as we progress through a time of transition for our management team. Early last year, Mike Kachmer was named president of our Foodservice segment, replacing Tim Kraus, who retired after 18 years of outstanding service. In May, our board elected Glen Tellock as president and chief executive officer, while I will remain chairman. Glen is well known to members of the Manitowoc family,

having served the company since 1991, most recently as president of our Crane segment and, prior to that, as chief financial officer. Eric Etchart, formerly executive vice president of the Asia/Pacific region, replaced Glen as the president of the Crane segment. We also made a number of other executive appointments across our Crane and Foodservice businesses. A smooth transition of leadership shows something about the way we work-- with clear strategies, careful planning, no surprises, and an absolute commitment to doing what we say we'll do. We will continue our progress. While the US economy may be entering a period of slowing growth, we expect to continue to move forward. With half of our sales coming from outside North America, we have become a global company and are no longer dependent on any single region for our growth. We expect Crane segment sales to grow at double-digit rates, as infrastructure development projects in Brazil, Russia, India, China, and other countries add to the demand for cranes. According to a study conducted by Platts, an energy information specialist, $25 trillion will be spent on energy projects through 2030. Foodservice sales are expected to grow faster than the industry as a whole--in the mid single-digit range. A projected slowdown in the US market will be offset by the introduction of innovative products that reduce customers' costs and by the growth of global markets. We anticipate that our Marine business will benefit from its improved operations as well as from increased demand for gas and oil field service vessels, homeland security initiatives, and long-term government contracts. Across our businesses, we have proven our ability to set ambitious goals--and make them real. We would like to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers, and employees for everything they did to help make 2007 our best year ever. With their continued support, we are ready to extend that winning performance--in 2008 and beyond. Together, our best is yet to come.

Earnings per Share
(In Dollars)

-$0.20

$0.03

02

03

04

$0.36

05

$0.53

06 06 $116.9

$1.32

Manitowoc's earnings per share continued its impressive trend in 2007. For the full year, diluted EPS totaled $2.64, a 100% improvement over the results posted in 2006.

EVA
($ Millions)

$12.6

-$22.6

02

03

04

-$4.6

05

$15.6

Manitowoc's commitment to generating shareholder value was reflected in the 77% gain in EVA which the company generated in 2007. Rising $90 million above 2006's results, Manitowoc's 2007 EVA totaled an impressive $207.0 million.

Terry D. Growcock Chairman of the Board

Glen E. Tellock President & Chief Executive Officer
3

07

$207.0

07

$2.64

