2

Letter to Shareholders

The Manitowoc Company, Inc.

Manitowoc is well-positioned for future growth from our two market-leading businesses, with premium brands, efficient operations, talented people, and abundant global opportunities.
Glen E. Tellock Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

Fellow Shareholders: As Manitowoc navigated through persistent economic weakness during 2010, we focused on delivering against the aggressive operational and financial goals we laid out early in the year. I am proud to say that we largely met or exceeded these targets, despite market conditions that were every bit as challenging as we expected them to be. Foodservice operators faced an unprecedented third year of contraction, while large construction contractors and crane rental houses spent another year looking for the bottom of a down cycle. Our team responded proactively by focusing on superior execution, innovation, and increasing operational efficiencies to not only serve our customers better, but also to position Manitowoc for long-term growth as the environment improves. As a result, our accomplishments under these tough operating conditions reinforced the benefits of our dual-segment balanced portfolio. The steady performance of our Foodservice business helped offset another year of soft global Crane sales. In 2010, The Manitowoc Company:  Recorded net sales of $3.1 billion, with $1.7 billion from Cranes and $1.4 billion from Foodservice.  Recorded $206.5 million, or $1.59 per share, in operating earnings from continuing operations, adjusted for the sale of the Kysor/Warren business.  Produced nearly $210 million in cash from operations.  Reduced debt by $164 million by diligently managing working capital.  Divested non-core businesses in the Foodservice segment.

Long-Term Growth As we managed through this environment, we stayed focused on the bigger picture--executing against our operating strategies and positioning Manitowoc for long-term growth. In Foodservice, we are following the same growth strategy we used in 2001 and 2002 to build our global Crane business. Our 2008 acquisition of Enodis provided the international manufacturing and distribution capabilities necessary to evolve from a North American operation to a global business that can serve customers as they target new markets. The premium brands we added allow us to deliver innovative hot and cold equipment and industry expertise to multiple segments of the market--from convenience stores and quick-serve chains to institutions and the world's most exclusive full-service restaurants. We are adding resources in emerging markets and building out our global sales and service capabilities to give fast-growing customers the comprehensive support they demand. And since the acquisition, our intense focus on a seamless integration has enabled us to improve operating earnings by nearly 50%. In 2010, Manitowoc Foodservice stayed on track to fulfill the vision it established in 2008 to become the world's technology and market leader in hot and cold commercial foodservice equipment. In the face of internal transformation and headwinds in key markets, the group met or surpassed its aggressive 2010 operating plan targets for improved margins and

revenue and earnings growth. It has built a strong value proposition based on innovation, sustainability, and performance, and these qualities hit home with the operators who are driving the industry's growth. Many of these operators are seeing same-store sales and profits increase as they integrate our beverage and advanced cooking technologies into their operations. Equally important, Manitowoc Foodservice is preparing to launch new products in every category that will set the stage for accelerated growth in the years ahead. Manitowoc Cranes experienced another difficult year as construction markets in North America and Europe remained weak. Global infrastructure and tight credit have created record backlogs for large engineering and construction companies. And as stalled projects dampened heavy equipment rental and utilization rates, many equipment dealers faced balance sheet challenges that limited their access to investment capital. On the positive side, Manitowoc Finance helped alleviate some of this pressure with the support of our strong third-party partners. Also, utilization of boom trucks and rough-terrain cranes for utility and oilfield projects in the U.S. remained strong, while an improved market in parts of Europe began increasing demand for tower cranes. Although our traditional markets remained soft, emerging economies such as Latin America, the Middle East, India, and the Far East showed strengthening demand. We are capturing new orders where robust energy and infrastructure spending is driving the majority of new projects. Unlike previous cycles, where residential and commercial construction were the first

3
segments to turn around, the energy and infrastructure markets will lead this cycle's recovery. This trend bodes well for Manitowoc Cranes, because these projects require the mid- and high-capacity cranes that showcase the strength of our product line. In addition, we managed our balance sheet and capital structure to increase our financial strength and flexibility. During 2010, we executed two successful bond offerings totaling $1 billion to remove risk from our balance sheet and provide the cushion needed to implement our strategies. The strong cash flow we generated, coupled with the proceeds from recent divestitures, allowed us to pay down over $1 billion of debt in the last two years. infrastructure projects, enhanced by continued growth in emerging markets. The surge of new orders we saw in late 2010 indicates that this business has reached an inflection point, and we expect dealers to begin restocking their inventories after two years of working to curtail them.

The Manitowoc Company, Inc.

We have taken full advantage of the opportunities the downturn presented I am pleased with our current portfolio to improve operational efficiency and of two market-leading businesses, each strengthen our commitment to Lean with premium brands, efficient opermanufacturing principles. As a result of ations, talented people, and abundant these efforts, operating margins in Cranes An Impending Recovery global opportunities. Our global workforce remained well above those experienced If the current recession has taught us any- demonstrates each day that they have the in previous trough years, despite the thing, it's that there are simply too many knowledge, determination, and resiliency significant investments we made in supvariables at play to predict the timing and to overcome adversity. I admire the port of emerging market opportunities and the shape of the impending recovery. We hard work they do to help us--and our Debt Reduction Sources of Cash Uses of Cash perforother capacity initiatives. Over time, our began 2010 by setting aggressive customers and partners--set the stage ($ Millions) (Percent) (Percent) Cranes business has generated significant mance targets and achieved the majority for future growth. After navigating the returns for shareholders, and we continue of them. We competed hard and advanced greatest economic turmoil I care to see in to invest in its future so we can take full both businesses on many fronts. our lifetime, I am excited to see what The $800 advantage of the up-cycle that lies ahead.Borrowings 59% Manitowoc can deliver with two Acquisitions 44% Company We created global centers of excellence With Foodservice integration complete market-leading businesses on the road to Cashour from $640 Debt Paydown 42% Operations 27% to concentrate technical expertise and and the belief that 2010 was a trough year recovery. $480 spur innovation. We continued to introduce for Cranes, we view 2011 as a transiCapital Expenditures 9% Other 4%for Manitowoc, in which both new products that meet market demand tion year $320 Other 4% Equity Offerings 4% begin to experience more for equipment that mobilizes more quickly businesses $160 Dividends Sales of Fixedfavorable Assets 6% market conditions. Manitowoc and at a lower cost. Through ongoing Glen E.1% Tellock investments in automation and operational Foodservice has generated $80 million in Chairman, President & 05 06 07 08 09 10 excellence, we reduced cycle times measynergies and has solidified its pipeline of Chief Executive Officer surably while improving quality, reliability, innovative new products, and we expect and customer satisfaction. continued revenue growth and margin improvement as a result. Manitowoc Cranes continues to improve quality, durability, and performance across all its brands. We believe Cranes will experience a moderate recovery, led by a mix of large and small equipment used in energy and government
$127.9 $752.4 $276.5 $616.2 $77.2

Net Sales
($ Millions) $3,684 $4,479 $2,028 $2,651 $3,620 $3,142

Sales by Region
(Percent)

International Shipments
(Percent of Sales) 53% 53% 56% 58% 52% 57%

$380.1 ($ Thousands)

Sales per Emp
$281.8 $400 $320 $240 $160 $ 80 05

$5,000 $4,000 $3,000 $2,000 $1,000 05 06 07 08 09 10 Europe, Middle East and Africa 31% Asia/Pacific 14%

60% 48% 36% 24% 12% 05 06 07 08 09 10

The Americas 55%

Amid continuing economic turmoil, Manitowoc generated net sales of more than $3.1 billion in 2010 as steady growth in Foodservice sales helped offset lower global demand for Cranes.

Increased demand for Manitowoc's Crane and Foodservice products in key emerging markets was a primary factor fueling the continuing diversification of the company's revenue stream in 2010.

In 2010, Manitowoc generated 57% of its revenues outside of the United States. This level of global performance was driven by strong demand for our products in emerging market economies, and our global infrastructure that allows us to build our products as close as possible to their intended end markets.

