Letter to Shareholders

"Acquisition and innovation--the strategies that we have followed for nearly a decade--are the keys to our longterm growth."

100 Years and Building Our centennial year was challenging. But our diversified business model and our longterm strategies continued to prove their worth. Even though our markets weren't hitting on every cylinder, we achieved our eighth consecutive year of record revenues. Sales for the year totaled $1.41 billion, 34% more than 2001. We also demonstrated, once again, our ability to generate cash, producing $98 million in cash flow from continuing operations.

Terry D. Growcock Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

Despite these solid results, we reported a loss for the year. This was due to approximately $74 million in charges for special items. These include a change in accounting for goodwill, a loss on the sale of Manitowoc Boom Trucks, and costs to restructure and consolidate certain crane and foodservice operations. Including special items, our net loss was $20.5 million, or $.80 per diluted share. Excluding special items, earnings for the year reached $49.2 million, or $1.91 per diluted share, compared with $1.99 per share before special items in 2001.

Acquisition and Innovation Acquisition and innovation-- the strategies that we have followed for nearly a decade-- are the keys to our long-term growth. The companies we have acquired since 1995 have more than doubled the size of the markets we serve, have enabled us to generate substantial economic value for our shareholders, and have improved our ability to weather downturns in any one of our markets. For example, our foodservice acquisitions and innovations have strategically positioned Manitowoc as the leader in that market. Not only do we now offer the broadest line of cold-focused equipment in the industry, we hold marketleading positions in nearly every category of foodservice equipment that we manufacture. As we integrated each of these acquisitions, we took the necessary steps to improve operating margins and to leverage our cross-selling opportunities. At the same time, we aggressively developed and introduced a host of new products to spur additional growth, both domestically and internationally. Now, we have the opportunity to apply these proven strategies to our Crane segment. In 2002, we acquired Grove Worldwide, the world's leading producer of mobile telescopic cranes. The acquisition of Grove is the culmination of our long-term strategy to build leading positions in every segment of the crane industry, worldwide. We are now recognized as a global leader in lifting solutions, with marketleading positions in latticeboom crawler cranes, tower

cranes, mobile telescopic cranes, and boom trucks. No other company can match our brands, our resources, or our global presence. And, we already have begun to capitalize on these strengths. To that end, we've reorganized our crane businesses by geographic regions rather than by product lines. Combining the strengths of Manitowoc, Potain, and Grove into a singular, unified crane organization will allow us to truly capitalize on the best of these businesses. Not only will we have the ability to cross-market our entire lineup of cranes to a much broader geographic area, we will manufacture and distribute our cranes closer to their end markets. And our expanded global presence will allow us to competitively source commodities and components to enhance our position as a top-quality, low-cost manufacturer. In fact, during 2003 we expect our crane business to achieve synergy savings of more than $20 million. Innovation--the second leg of our long-term strategy-- helps us expand our markets and outdistance our competitors. Close to 80% of the products we sold in 2002 were invented, acquired, or redesigned within the last three years. The introduction of 50 new foodservice products produced double-digit sales gains. New crane designs rounded out our product lines and strengthened our share in the crane markets. Meanwhile, our marine business once again proved its ability to build some of the world's most sophisticated ships for the U.S. Coast Guard and other customers.

Building on Success We continued to innovate inside our operations as well. Building on its success with inventory-reducing Demand Flow® manufacturing, our Foodservice business is now implementing lean manufacturing strategies, enterprisewide planning systems, and more far-reaching quality management practices. At Manitowoc Cranes, lattice booms and other components are now designed to be interchangeable. This simplifies production and makes it easier for customers to upgrade their fleets. Our Marine business, a leader in the use of low-cost, high-quality modular construction, has expanded its electronic design capabilities and improved
With the acquisition of Potain in 2001 and Grove in 2002, Manitowoc's revenues have become more global in their scope.

outstanding homegrown and outside talent to secure the experience and perspective needed to manage an increasingly global enterprise. After helping to craft the acquisition of Grove Worldwide when he was our chief financial officer, Glen Tellock became president and general manager of our Crane group. Our new chief financial officer, Tim Wood, brings 30 years of experience to the post, including six years as CFO of Borg-Warner Security Corporation. Tom Byrne, who led our Marine business through its greatest period of expansion since World War II, retired at the end of the year. Taking over for Tom is Dennis McCloskey, who was previously vice president and general
Sales by Region 2000
The Americas 94.4% Asia/Pacific 2.7%

Keeping Our Word An experienced, independent board like ours is vital to good corporate governance. Recently, there has been a rising wave of concern about management integrity and corporate ethics. At Manitowoc, we have never forgotten their importance. We have long had a statement of corporate ethics, similar to those now mandated by law, which has been revised and strengthened to meet the new regulations. Of far greater importance, we have lived by our values and our principles. A company cannot survive, as we have, for 100 years, unless it keeps its word. Charles West, Elias Gunnell, and Lynford Geer, the three men who founded Manitowoc

be the same. We will make the most of the conditions we find by sticking to our long-term strategies. We will continue to focus on acquisitions, innovation, operational excellence, and maintaining strong cash flow. We will apply what we have learned about improving productivity in our Foodservice segment across our other businesses, as we continue to integrate and consolidate our production. Our new product pipeline includes a number of revolutionary new foodservice products that will raise performance standards for the industry. We will use the cash we generate to pay down debt and improve the way we work. The sale of some non-essential business units will allow us to devote even more attention

2001
The Americas 77.7% Asia/Pacific 3.9%

2002
The Americas 68.8% Asia/Pacific 6.3%

Europe, Middle East & Africa 2.9%

Europe, Middle East & Africa 18.4%

Europe, Middle East & Africa 24.9%

its ability to launch larger ships. A strong cash flow supports such investments in leadership. Our decade-long commitment to Economic Value Added, or EVA®, principles has helped maintain our profitability despite the ups and downs in our markets. As conditions in our crane market softened, for example, we made the difficult decision to reduce our workforce by several hundred people in order to size the business to current conditions in the market. We also continued to streamline and consolidate our foodservice equipment operations. Actions like these reflect good management. In 2002, we continued to combine

manager of our Marinette Marine subsidiary. The year 2002 also brought transitions in our board of directors. In October, I was honored to become Manitowoc's chairman, a position that had been vacant for the last ten years. Jim McCann, who had been a member of our board since 1990, chose not to stand for re-election to the board. Jim's global management experience and commitment to representing the best interests of shareholders made him a strong advocate for our acquisition strategy and a force behind our past decade of growth. I will truly miss his guidance and support.

in 1902, would be proud of their company today. So should all of the people who have worked here over the past century. The products we make are widely considered to be the best in their global markets. We have played--and continue to play--a proud and important role in defending this country, in building the world's infrastructure, and in helping to feed millions of people, safely and enjoyably, every day. At the same time, we have provided a good living for many thousands of people and helped to make the communities in which we work better places to live. I look forward to continuing these traditions. The past year was both exciting and challenging, and I expect 2003 to

and resources to delivering the number one offerings in cranes, foodservice equipment, and ship construction. Together, these actions will enable us to lead our markets in good times and in bad. More importantly, we'll be among the first to benefit when conditions improve. Manitowoc has been a leader for 100 years, and we are confidently taking the first steps into a second century of growth.

Terry D. Growcock Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

2

3

