Letter to Shareholders
Manitowoc's restructured portfolio of two industry-leading global businesses generated the solid cash flow required to reduce debt and invest in our future.

Fellow Shareholders: Historians will likely remember 2009 as one of the most challenging business environments in modern times. Unlike previous down cycles, the current recession has not just affected developed markets in Europe and North America, but has also stunted economic growth in portions of the Middle East and Asia Pacific regions. As a global business, Manitowoc experienced the abruptness and magnitude of the downturn and we were compelled to act quickly, decisively, and creatively to optimize cash flow and adapt to the changing marketplace. But on balance, Manitowoc had a respectable and even surprising year. We made measurable progress against three key operating objectives: creating an integrated Foodservice business, taking the actions to emerge as an even stronger global competitor in our Crane business, and intently focusing on cash generation. Our performance also validated--much sooner than we expected--our strategy to build out our Foodservice platform. We benefited from a balanced portfolio of two marketleading global businesses, in which

the Crane and Foodservice segments contributed $145 million and $174 million of operating profit, respectively. We paid down $474 million of debt--and $770 million since our $2.7-billion foodservice acquisition was funded in November 2008. Plus, by amending our bank credit agreement, we created a more comfortable cushion to meet our financial covenants going forward. As a result, Manitowoc enters 2010 with a stronger balance sheet, a more efficient global network, and an enhanced position to pursue future growth opportunities as the global construction and foodservice industries gradually rebound. Balanced Performance Even with a more balanced earnings stream, it's tough to grow the top and bottom lines when both business segments face down markets. The weakness of the worldwide construction industry, combined with a global credit freeze, prompted order cancellations that reduced our Crane backlog to $573 million at year-end and drove year-over-year Crane revenues down 41%. On top of that, the U.S. restaurant industry revenues fell for an unprecedented second consecutive year. That prompted many operators in the

restaurant segment to focus on renovation/remodeling and menu enhancements rather than expansion. Nevertheless, we managed through this year of enormous economic challenge. Following our record performance in 2008, · we generated net sales of $3.8 billion, with $2.3 billion from the Crane segment and $1.5 billion from the Foodservice segment; · we recorded adjusted operating earnings from continuing operations, net of goodwill and other one-time charges, of $232.0 million; and · we produced $362.7 million in cash from operations. I attribute this performance to our disciplined EVA culture and the willingness of Manitowoc employees around the world to rally around our key metric of debt reduction. The quick and decisive actions we took helped drive a significant reduction in SG&A and produce annual runrate savings of $365 million. We expect to make additional progress in 2010 to realize $80 million in total synergies from our foodservice acquisition by 2011, and to ramp up lean manufacturing projects in both businesses to improve efficiency and environmental performance.

Positioned for Growth Our management team has encountered tough business cycles before. We understand how to balance short-term strategies for cost containment and cash generation with long-term initiatives that sustain competitive advantages, strengthen customer relationships, and build platforms for growth. Each year, we balance our seven key strategic imperatives to adapt to market conditions. During the current cycle, we are continuing to invest in initiatives that will strengthen our competitive position. We will continue to invest in people to maintain the best and most experienced workforce in the crane and foodservice industries. We will expand our geographic footprint to take advantage of opportunities in emerging markets. We will continue to invest in our industryleading brands by emphasizing product innovation, because strong brands resonate during tough times. And, we will build on our industry leadership in customer service and product support.

Glen E. Tellock Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Glen Tellock leads an experienced management team that is expanding Manitowoc's global platform, bringing customers innovative new products, and improving operational efficiency and customer satisfaction.

2

Operating Earnings From Continuing Operations
($ Millions) $600 $480 $159.0 $360 $66.4 $240 $120 $24.8 $475.8 $519.8

$188.8* 07 08 09

Despite the ongoing impact of the global recession, which affected virtually all of Manitowoc's customers and end markets, the company generated $188.8 million in operating earnings from continuing operations in 2009.
* Excludes goodwill and intangible asset impairment
charges.

04

05

06

Manitowoc Foodservice is building an integrated global business with market-leading brands and competitive advantages across all product lines. In 2009, the team accelerated this process and surpassed its target by 40%, generating $34 million in synergies. In just one year, it completed the hard work necessary to rationalize operations, create an integrated sales team and support network, optimize its supply chain, and improve safety performance. Taken together, these efforts drove up operating margins to 11.8%. As the emerging industry leader in both "hot" and "cold" equipment, Manitowoc Foodservice is collaborating with many of the industry's fastest growing and most innovative organizations and is rolling out new products to support its growth. Both sides of the business also continue to earn industry best-inclass awards in many product lines. With this strong momentum, and an anticipated return to industry-wide growth in the back half of 2010, Manitowoc Foodservice is ready to demonstrate its full potential.

Manitowoc Cranes confronted especially adverse conditions in 2009, and it demonstrated strength and tenacity by taking the tough steps necessary to position itself for optimal performance as global economic conditions gradually improve. When crane demand fell sharply in North America and Europe, we immediately streamlined global operations by rationalizing workforces and consolidating operations. We fortified market positions in China, India, Australia, and Brazil by expanding product lines and facilities to benefit from the most resilient economies in all three operating regions. For example, our joint venture in China is now meeting demand for locally manufactured truck cranes used to support construction projects and infrastructure expansion. The Crane segment also continued to invest in manufacturing quality and customer support, turning feedback from dealers and customers into new initiatives. By the second half of 2009, its backlog began to stabilize and order flow began to track positively.

I am proud of the focus, commitment, and resilience Manitowoc displayed in 2009. Our Foodservice team pursued integration with urgency and surpassed its targets. We met our adjusted commitment to pay down debt--a significant accomplishment given the economic headwinds we faced. Across the company, our people stayed focused on operational excellence, product innovation, and aftermarket support to build a stronger and leaner organization. And, we demonstrated our value to customers by helping them overcome their operational challenges. This progress would not have been possible without the support and perseverance of our 13,100 employees worldwide. They adhered to our core values of integrity, commitment to shareholders, and passion for excellence during the most difficult economic time they have ever endured. Their continued focus on internal processes will make Manitowoc an even stronger company--one even better equipped to deliver value to customers.

It's hard to imagine a sterner test for Manitowoc, our employees, and our shareholders than the one we just completed. We clearly demonstrated that our strategy is working. We have much more work ahead, and 2010 will require sharp focus. This discipline will leave us even better positioned to generate strong returns for shareholders in the years ahead--just as we have in the past. Thank you for believing in us, and we look forward to rewarding your confidence.

Glen E. Tellock Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

International Shipments
($ Millions)

Sales per Employee
($ Thousands)

In 2009, Manitowoc generated 51% of its revenues outside of the United States. This level of global performance was driven by the success of acquisitions, building our products closer to their intended end markets, and continued strength in multiple emerging market economies.
$3,000 $2,400 $2,057 $1,800 $863 $1,076 $1,200 $ 600 $1,398 $2,606

Manitowoc's commitment to operational excellence through the implementation of Lean Manufacturing and Six Sigma methodologies enabled the company to boost its sales per employee by 18% in 2009.

$400 $281.8 $279.0 $288.7 09 3 $320 $1,920 $242.8 $240 $160 $ 80 06 07 08 09 04 05 06 07 08 $350.9 $244.7

04

05

