LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

On Course At the end of my 2002 shareholder letter, I said that 2003 would be challenging. I was right. I also said that Manitowoc would be among the first to benefit when conditions improve. And I'm right about that, too.
The continuing recession in America's lattice-boom crane market, minimal growth in our global foodservice markets, and the deferral of several commercial shipbuilding projects dampened our results in 2003. Sales rose 17%, to a record $1.6 billion, primarily as a result of our acquisition of Grove Worldwide in August 2002. Net earnings were $3.5 million, or $0.13 per share, compared to a loss of $20.5 million, or $0.80 per diluted share, in 2002. As noted in our press release dated February 5, 2004, excluding special items, earnings for 2003 were $20.7 million, or $0.77 per diluted share. This compares to $49.2 million, or $1.91 per diluted share in 2002. On a strategic front, 2003 brought real progress. We launched over 40 new products that helped increase our share of our crane and foodservice markets. Our marine business received more new orders than at any time since World War II. We once again demonstrated our ability to generate cash by producing $151 million in cash from operations. We also substantially reduced our debt, while continuing to streamline our operations--actions that will significantly strengthen our performance as we move ahead. We made solid progress because we stayed on course. We continued to follow the broad strategies of acquisition, assimilation, innovation, and operational excellence that have guided us for nearly a decade. Accordingly, we remained focused on five key priorities: Penetrate world markets with an expanded crane product line Our acquisitions of Potain in 2001 and Grove in 2002 transformed our crane business, dramatically increasing the breadth of the markets we serve, and give us leading positions in every segment of the crane industry worldwide. These acquisitions proved their value in 2003, when our overall crane business

Terry D. Growcock Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

ON COURSE FOR GROWTH
remained profitable despite a third year of weak conditions in the North American crawler crane market. Integrating our three major brands along geographic lines helps to bring all of our products to all of our global customers. Consolidate and rationalize crane operations The consolidation of our crane business, which included closing three European facilities and moving the production of National Crane to our Grove facility, removed some $30 million in costs. Rationalizing our aerial work platform business and selling Femco Machine enabled us to focus all of our resources on what we do best. Consolidating our global engineering and manufacturing activities enabled us to share the best practices, to build products closer to their end markets, and reduce costs. The sale of unneeded real estate and other assets helped us generate cash and streamline our operations. With these and other savings in place, any upswing in our markets will bring a dramatic improvement in our bottom-line results. Grow core foodservice operations though innovation Manitowoc is the leader in the "cold side" of the foodservice industry. Despite lackluster market conditions, our foodservice business increased its profitability and market share by launching new products and taking an equally innovative approach to its operations. New products, including advanced S-Series ice machines, give customers compelling reasons to choose Manitowoc. The lean manufacturing practices our Foodservice Group has implemented across its operations help extract more value from our assets and improve our ability to respond to customers. Enhance marine operations Weak economic conditions caused several commercial shipbuilding customers to defer projects until the end of the year. That, coupled with a six-week strike at our Marinette Marine facility, reduced our marine revenues by more than 30%. Even so, the business remained profitable and we launched three vessels during the year. New orders received late in 2003 created a backlog that extends well into 2005. To meet the demand, we are enhancing the capacities of our four Great Lakes shipyards. An example is the upgrade to our repair yard in Toledo that will enable us to begin construction of a double-hull tank barge there, the first new vessel to be built at that yard in nearly 15 years.

2

Strengthen the company's financial structure We are very pleased with the outstanding progress we made in strengthening our financial structure. We generated a record $151 million in cash from operations, enabling us to reduce our net debt by $126 million before the impact of the rising euro. Our net debt-to-capital ratio, which had reached 73% following our acquisitions of Potain and Grove, was reduced to under 65% by the end of the year.

The Right Course Focusing on these five objectives helped us make the best of the conditions we encountered in 2003 and put us on the right course as we go forward into 2004, and beyond.
In North America, a continued weak commercial construction market and state budget constraints will hamper any turnaround in the crawler crane market. However, we anticipate an increase in worldwide demand for both mobile telescopic and tower cranes. We're ready to respond with a comprehensive line of products, integrated sales and marketing efforts, and increasingly efficient and productive manufacturing. The new Model 15000 crawler crane announced in 2003 is the first of a number of products that will be designed and built in Europe, specifically for European markets. A new agreement with Kobelco Construction Machinery of Japan, which calls for them to make small lattice-boom cranes (120 tons and under) to be sold under the Manitowoc name, opens new opportunities for the sale of our larger cranes. Our global distribution has also allowed us to focus on crane opportunities in emerging markets around the world. We expect our foodservice business to have a solid year in 2004. It will follow up the 25 new products it introduced in 2003 with an additional 50 in 2004, including new walk-in refrigerators, flaked-ice products, and beverage equipment that will allow us to enter new segments of the market. Our passion for product development is matched by our continuing commitment to improve our operations. We'll continue to expand our use of Six Sigma practices to bring even greater discipline to our product development efforts and our customer service. A new enterprise software system, which will be implemented over the next two years, will link every aspect of our operations, allowing us to make the most of our purchasing power and present a single face to foodservice customers. We will begin building a new factory in China this spring, which will replace our current facility there to supply ice machines to Asian and European markets. We were very successful in landing new shipbuilding contracts in late 2003. Projects slated for 2004 include two additional Staten Island ferries, the Coast Guard's new Great Lakes icebreaker, several sophisticated double-hull barges, and major components of a new floating causeway, or lighterage system, for the U.S. Navy. Leveraging the combined strengths of our four shipyards, we will continue to pursue new contracts. We have proven our ability to design and build double-hulled vessels that will be required for all petroleum shipments within U.S. waters by 2015. We also are competing for new long-term government contracts, working on teams that are bidding to develop and construct a new Response Boat-Medium for the U.S. Coast Guard and new Littoral Combat vessels for the U.S. Navy. Before I close, I would like to salute Gilbert F. Rankin, Jr., who will be retiring from our board this May. Gil is the fourth generation of his family to serve our company, and is a third generation board member. Over the past 30 years, Gil's knowledge, wisdom, and insight have been key factors in Manitowoc's growth and success. I have valued both his long-term perspective and genuine passion for our business. We are truly fortunate to have had the benefit of Gil's advice and counsel for three decades. We thank him and we will miss him. We still face challenging times ahead, but I believe that our markets are beginning to come back. As they do, we'll be ready to demonstrate our strong upside potential. Our diversified business model provides a balanced platform for growth. We have leading--and growing--shares in each of our markets. Our strategies have proven themselves. And we will stay the course to gain new opportunities, efficiencies, and growth.

Terry D. Growcock Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

3

