Letter to Shareholders
Dear Fellow Shareholders Large-scale construction and foodservice are forward-looking businesses. Our cranes stand at the forefront of economic growth, doing the heavy lifting that builds infrastructure, expands industry, and delivers energy and other vital resources to developed and emerging markets. And customers in the foodservice sector rely on constant innovation to stay ahead of consumer trends and make their operations faster, safer, and more efficient. We recognize that in these difficult economic times, we must continue to listen to the "voice of the customer" and work even more closely with them. Our solutions will help their businesses prosper while driving revenue opportunities for Manitowoc. It's our responsibility to also make tough decisions to keep The Manitowoc Company moving forward. That means adapting our growth strategy to respond to changing business conditions. Knowing our costs and working relentlessly to optimize the returns on our capital and assets. And looking beyond the current market cycle to anticipate the products, technologies, and services our customers will need, and where they will need them.
"Manitowoc enters 2009 as a more balanced business, with global scale and product leadership in two industries tied to economic growth." Fiscal 2008 was no exception. Before the near collapse of the banking industry, we completed the largest single acquisition in our history--a bold move that sets the table for leadership in the global foodservice equipment industry. We built manufacturing capacity in emerging markets to meet demand for our high-performance cranes. We divested our legacy shipbuilding business to achieve a more balanced portfolio and create room to grow. We continued to implement a proven business strategy to deliver solid EVA performance. And once again, we managed through a very challenging economic cycle to generate record financial results:  Net sales from continuing operations increased to a record $4.5 billion, up 22% from $3.7 billion in 2007;  Operating earnings from continuing operations reached a record $519.8 million, up 9% from the previous year;  Cash from operations increased 27% to $309 million; and  EVA totaled $268.5 million, up 30% from $207 million in 2007. Under normal circumstances, this performance would result in higher demand for Manitowoc stock. But these are extraordinary times. Some investors express concern about our newly leveraged balance sheet at a time when debt has become unfashionable. Others question whether tight credit markets and global economic uncertainty will reduce demand for our products and services. Amid this external uncertainty, we ended the year with the company's stock price at $8.66, down 82% from the $48.83 at the end of 2007. We take a long-term perspective that's rooted in our direct experience. As with past acquisitions, we've made immediate debt reduction our highest priority and are implementing a focused strategy to achieve it. We have already extinguished $300 million of Enodis debt and plan to reduce our total debt aggressively by the end of 2009. We have also identified $80 million in synergies in the Foodservice business that we expect to achieve by 2011, with approximately one-third of them attainable in 2009. The integration of Enodis is under way and on track, and we are managing it proactively. We also draw confidence from our 14 consecutive years of record revenues. Our installed base of cranes and foodservice equipment testifies to the strength of both our brands and our long-standing customer relationships. It also provides a solid foundation to generate revenues by refurbishing, replacing, and servicing equipment. Though it's impossible to predict when many projects and orders will move forward, we continue to maintain a backlog of crane orders, a global platform, and two market-leading businesses that can generate significant cash flow in good times and bad. A Proven Strategy In 1990, Manitowoc was a company at the crossroads. With sales of $225.8 million and operating earnings of $25.3 million, we needed a strategic path to growth. We responded by developing disciplined strategies, executing them relentlessly, and delivering on our promises. We completed and successfully integrated large acquisitions, while investing in organic growth. Our commitment to EVA has consistently yielded strong cash flow and earnings. We built the scale to grow with our global customers, with greater access to global end markets, market-leading product lines on both sides of our business, and support services that deliver real value. Over this period, both sales and operating earnings have grown twentyfold.

"Our installed base of cranes and foodservice equipment testifies to the strength of both our brands and our longstanding customer relationships."

Glen E. Tellock Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

2

"...we've made immediate debt reduction our highest priority and are implementing a focused strategy to achieve it."

In this context, the Enodis acquisition was not only opportunistic, but it was the right decision to drive our future growth. It provides greater stability to our underlying earnings power at a time when demand for cranes is softening. It increases Foodservice revenues to a projected $1.7 billion in 2009. It expands our global manufacturing capabilities and worldwide distribution network. And our shared focus on innovation is taking us beyond products and services to "Kitchenology." Working closely with customers, we're developing high-performance solutions that combine culinary research and development with innovations that conserve energy, enhance safety, and improve operating efficiency. After two years of emphasizing growth during the most recent up cycle, we're ready to implement other levers of our strategy to control all the variables we can. The senior management team understands very clearly our responsibility for future success--and for making the most of what we've done in both businesses. In today's economic environment, the following business objectives will guide us as we continue to focus on our customers and generate cash:  Target $1 billion of debt reduction since funding the Enodis acquisition;  Successfully integrate the Enodis businesses and realize $29 million of synergies in 2009;  Finalize detailed plans to realize $77 million of synergies in 2010;  Apply internally focused objectives in Cranes to support operational excellence; and  Continue to monitor business conditions and take appropriate actions. Changing the Balance Manitowoc enters 2009 as a more balanced business, with global scale and product leadership in two industries tied to economic growth. In the crane business, we will grow our customer base by delivering superior value in difficult times. We will differentiate ourselves based on our strong brands, market-leading positions, robust pipeline of 29 new products, and strong customer relationships. We will create operating efficiencies by rationalizing our global manufacturing operations to take better advantage of low-cost production in our Asian and Central European factories. Programs are already under way to transfer skills and production capabilities between regions, so we can deliver design, production, and service close to our customers. We will also benefit from the strength of our global Crane Care aftermarket service network, which will provide steady revenue as we help customers optimize their existing equipment. Though challenges in 2009 will not be limited to specific geographies and product lines, we are uniquely able to create value by providing total life cycle support through remanufacturing, Crane Care, and other aftermarket services.

"Years from now, we will look back on 2008 as a transformative year in which bold decisions shaped our future."

Our Foodservice business will integrate its worldwide facilities and extend its leadership in technology and innovation to meet the changing needs of local, regional, and global customers. We will support global restaurant chains as they introduce new menu items and target growth economies in Asia and Latin America. We will migrate certain products across divisions to a single platform that supports the high performance kitchen--and collaborate with customers to bring together people, food, and equipment. We will also cross-sell our hot and cold products to global customers who seek to replace aging installed equipment with new technologies that improve food safety, conserve energy, enhance performance, and respond to environmental concerns. Market challenges in 2009 may slow our growth, but we are encouraged by this industry's positive long-term trends. Years from now, we will look back on 2008 as a transformative year in which bold decisions shaped our future. We moved forward with the Enodis acquisition and transformed Manitowoc Foodservice into a global leader. By divesting our legacy Marine segment, we gave that business-- and ours--better opportunities to grow. We consolidated our customer finance capabilities under Manitowoc Finance and positioned it to support both our Crane and Foodservice customers. We continued to invest in aftermarket services such as CraneSTAR and upgraded our support infrastructure to give customers 24/7/365 access to crane parts, service, technical support, technical publications, and training. And when economic conditions deteriorated, we took the tough, but necessary, steps to reduce our expenses. In the process, we positioned Manitowoc as a company that will reward shareholders as economic conditions improve. Success like this cannot happen without the talent and commitment of associates across the organization. Their efforts to improve quality, control costs, and support our customers truly set us apart and drive our financial performance. We are committed to listening to their ideas and doing what it takes to make Manitowoc a great place to work. Lastly, we also thank our customers, suppliers, and shareholders for their continued support and encouragement. Together, we will channel our experience and determination to manage through the current business cycle and embrace the opportunities ahead.

I speak for all of us at Manitowoc in expressing our deepest gratitude as Terry Growcock retires after 15 years of inspired leadership. Terry had a clear vision of Manitowoc as a truly global company. He was devoted to the strategies put together with his teams and brought the needed focus to successfully implement those strategies. He also displayed the utmost confidence in his team to carry forward. Looking back, it's clear that these elements--and Terry's drive to execute our strategies--have positioned Manitowoc to weather these difficult times and come out stronger than our competitors. As our company continues to evolve, we will remember fondly the exciting, challenging, and fulfilling experiences we shared--and draw inspiration from Terry's unwavering passion for Manitowoc. With appreciation and best wishes, Glen Tellock

Glen E. Tellock Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

3

