                 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
The commodity price collapse over the last few months provides a stark reminder of the cyclical nature of our business and industry. Rest assured that our Company is resilient and well positioned with a solid balance sheet and quality assets to weather this current down cycle. The recent sell-down of 30% of our Malaysian business has positioned us with low net debt, ample cash reserves and the ability to take advantage of opportunities
that may arise over the next year.
While we are focused on the challenges and prospects that lie ahead, I would like to take time to reflect on the many accomplishments of 2014.
We continue to demonstrate excellent performance in improving the safety environment for our employees and contractors. Over the last five years, the combined total recordable incident rate has improved nearly 50 percent.
We generated earnings from continuing operations of $1.02 billion in 2014, well above the prior year.
  Our company achieved an annual production record in 2014
averaging near 226,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day (boepd),
10% higher than 2013. Murphy has a price advantaged, oil-
weighted portfolio with geographic and product diversity. The
Eagle Ford Shale (EFS) of south Texas continues to lead our
production growth with an average rate near 57,000 boepd for the
year, up 46% from 2013. The EFS has now surpassed the Kikeh
field in Malaysia as our highest producing asset, truly a remarkable
feat since entering the play in 2009. Other significant contributions to production came from the startup of Siakap North-Petai and the Kakap-Gumusut main field offshore Malaysia and the Dalmatian field in the Gulf of Mexico (GOM).
Proved reserves at year-end 2014 total 756 million barrels of oil equivalent (boe), a new Company record. This represents a 10% increase over 2013 and is comprised of 58% oil and condensate with the total reserves replacement rate of 183%. Our five year average replacement rate now stands
at 180%, truly outstanding performance as we have replaced production at a 100% rate for nine consecutive years while growing production 125%.
The emergence of the EFS has brought great balance to our overall business. In 2014 the
North America onshore segment contributed approximately 45% of our total production. The Malaysia sale lowered our concentration in that country, which increases the onshore contribution to over 50% and helps to lower our production per well metric and overall reliance on individual wells. The EFS continues to represent significant long term value in our portfolio. We were an
early entrant into the play and acquired our acreage position at a fraction of the price that recent purchasers have paid to enter. We have drilled over 670 wells and have significant running room with another 2,000 possible locations remaining. We continue to see excellent results with our well downspacing and staggered zone testing. Unfortunately the pace of activity will need to slowdown this year as we manage our capital spending in the current low commodity price environment. At our Montney natural gas project in Canada, we are seeing excellent subsurface results with our new completion practices, which are delivering higher production rates and flowing pressures supporting
 Roger W. Jenkins
President and Chief Executive Officer
1

                  higher estimated ultimate recovery for the new wells in the field. While we will be trimming the capital spending on gas development in 2015, these results bode well for future development.
In the global offshore area, the Malaysian sale marked the value of our high-quality, long-term assets in Malaysia. We will continue our role as operator and look forward to working with our partners going forward. Operationally in Malaysia, we successfully completed and started up
the Siakap North-Petai field as a subsea tieback to the Kikeh facility,
and the non-operated Kakap-Gumusut main field started up in the fourth quarter and has shown excellent subsurface performance as the field ramps up. In addition, we brought the Dalmatian project in the GOM online as a subsea tieback to a third party operated platform. All three
of these offshore developments have demonstrated plateau production deliverability at rates meeting or exceeding plan. We are moving forward with two projects in the GOM. The first is a subsea expansion project
at our Medusa field, which is expected to come online in the middle
of this year, and the other is a non-operated development at Kodiak, which is targeted for startup in the first half of 2016. Our shallow water oil projects offshore Sarawak Malaysia continue to perform well. In 2014, we sanctioned a long term floating liquefied natural gas (FLNG) development in Block H, offshore Sabah Malaysia, with our partner PETRONAS. This project is expected to come online in 2018 with long term natural gas production at oil-indexed pricing and will be the second floating LNG project in the world.
We remain confident in our strategy. We are an offshore global operator capable of deepwater execution, balanced with a reliable North America onshore business combined with the upside of an impactful exploration program. We continue to improve our exploration team and processes. We have built a strong portfolio of high impact oil prospects with a net risked resource near 1.3 billion boe. In 2014, our exploration program
did not achieve the results we desired. Improvement here continues to be one of my key focus areas. Although exploration will bear its portion of the capital budget reductions for 2015, we have a lineup of 10 planned prospects for 2015 that will test approximately 190 million boe of net risked resource.
Estimated Net Proved Hydrocarbon Reserves (Millions of oil equivalent barrels)
756 688
10 11 12 13 14
    604 534
455
                                                                        2
We made good progress with portfolio optimization in 2014. In addition to the well-timed Malaysia sell-down, we divested of small working interests in non-core production in Alaska and onshore south Louisiana. In the U.K., we completed the sale of the retail gasoline network, initiated decommissioning of the Milford Haven refinery and are moving forward to sell the petroleum storage and distribution terminals.
We continued our return of value to shareholders in 2014. The Company completed $375 million
of share repurchases. Our Board authorized an additional $500 million share repurchase program as well as a 12% regular dividend increase to $1.40 per share on an annualized basis. We have returned over $4 billion to shareholders since 2012 when considering the spin-off of Murphy USA Inc., share repurchases and cash dividends.
n Canada n United
States
Net Hydrocarbons Produced (Thousands of oil equivalent barrels per day)
226 206
10 11 12 13 14
n Canada n United
States
n Other n Malaysia
n Other n Malaysia
 186
194 179
  
                  Our balance sheet at year-end 2014 reflected long term debt-to- capital-employed ratio of 22.8%. Overall our year-end net debt to total capitalization is in very good shape amongst our E&P peers at 13.6%, with total debt near $3.0 billion and global cash and invested cash
of $1.65 billion. The second close of the Malaysia sell-down further enhanced our net debt position early in 2015. Our financial stability and cash balance puts us in a favorable position with tremendous optionality to manage our 2015 program and look at opportunities to invest in the business, reduce debt or consider share repurchases.
Frank W. Blue, who has served on our Board since 2003, will be retiring from the Board after our annual meeting in May. Frank has provided sound guidance in the areas of corporate governance, business conduct and ethics, international operations, and in new director recruitment. Frank will be greatly missed and we thank him for his many years of committed service to our Company.
Our Board recently added two new directors. Lawrence R. Dickerson, Retired President and CEO of Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc., joined our Board in 2014 and Laura A. Sugg, retired senior executive with ConocoPhillips, joined in early 2015. We welcome Larry with his vast experience in the offshore industry and Laura with her background
in capital allocation across the broad value chain of the exploration and production business. We look forward to the contributions and perspectives Larry and Laura bring to our Board.
Sadly, last year we lost two of the Company’s original founders in
Theodosia Murphy Nolan and Caroline (“Polly”) Murphy Keller Winter.
Theodosia and Polly, along with their brother, former Chairman and CEO,
Charles H. Murphy Jr., and surviving sister, Bertie Deming Smith, were
founding shareholders of Murphy Oil Corporation which has grown into a Fortune 500 company, and spawned two other publicly traded companies, Murphy USA Inc. and Deltic Timber Corporation.
In closing I would like to remind our investors that Murphy has a track record of increasing and replacing production while continuing to improve our safety performance. We also perform well in cash flow per boe metrics compared to our industry peers. We sold down a major asset at a perfect time to deliver shareholder value and provide what many of our peers desire -- a de-levered balance sheet. We will now focus in 2015 on conserving cash, reducing costs across our business, and improving all aspects of exploration. I believe this current price pull back will be an advantage for
us going forward and I look forward to the challenges ahead. Thank you for your continued support.
Roger W. Jenkins
President and Chief Executive Officer
February 11, 2015 El Dorado, Arkansas
Income from Continuing Operations (Millions of dollars)
1,025 888
10 11 12 13 14
Capital Expenditures for Continuing Operations (Millions of dollars)
      618
539
            2,029
2,753
806
 4,193
3,966
  10 11 12 13 14
3,757
  3
