ANNUAL REPORT 2015
PAGE 1
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Murphy USA celebrated its second full year as a standalone company in 2015, delivering solid performance and executing our goals of growing organically, re-investing in our business, and effectively utilizing the balance sheet to build long-term value for our shareholders. While proud of our accomplishments since the spin-off, our energy is clearly focused on the future as we transform our organizational capabilities from the inside-out, providing scalable near-term benefits and establishing a long runway for growth and prosperity.
 In 2015, we added new stores at the fastest pace since 2006, opening 73 new stores including our 1,300th location in Flowood, Mississippi. Importantly, the majority of these locations were larger format stores, which generate higher levels of fuel and merchandise sales while continuing to leverage our low-cost business model.
Unit growth from advantaged formats enabled Murphy USA to grow fuel volume by 3.7% to a record 4.1 billion gallons. Our new 1,200 sq. ft. format stores that were open for all of 2015 averaged just over 297,000 gallons per month, generating over twice the industry average from a smaller and less capital intensive footprint. We experienced solid retail fuel margins of 12.5 cents per gallon in 2015, in line with our long-run outlook of 12 to 13 cents. Murphy USA remains a destination for price conscious consumers in a highly competitive field.
Merchandise growth benefited from new store additions as well as improvements to our core network, as chain-wide margin dollar growth
of 8.6% was boosted by 1.6% same store sales growth. Initiatives like adding supercoolers to kiosks, refreshing over 300 older stores, optimizing the fuel discount promotions and a myriad of other improvements have all contributed in a significant way. The announcement of an important new merchandise supply chain relationship with Core-Mark will further enhance the potential of our network into the future.
Maintaining cost leadership remains a critical imperative for our business model and is vital to our long-term success. In 2015, measurable enhancements took place in our ability to efficiently control, continually monitor, and ultimately reduce site operating expenses. Further gains
will be realized in 2016 as we implement our ASaP business improvement initiatives. Taking the benefits in merchandise margin, operating costs and fuel volume growth together, we have demonstrably improved our fuel break-even margin requirement by almost one cent per gallon since 2013.
With an eye toward the future,
Murphy USA continues to invest
with a long-term time horizon,
both internally and externally, with
the express goal of maximizing shareholder value. In addition to our site development capital and capability building investments, we completed a meaningful $250 million share repurchase program in 2015, while also generating nearly $100 million in proceeds from the sale of our non-core Hereford ethanol plant.
The successful execution of our strategy in 2015 positioned the Company for one of two paths for future site growth. In January 2016, we learned we would not be able to acquire additional sites directly from Walmart, which pointed us down the path of independent growth. Going forward, we will acquire locations from third parties and target the most attractive and highest-return markets for new store growth while continuing to collaborate with Walmart in enhancing the customer experience at existing Murphy USA locations.
As we turn the page on 2015, we enter 2016 with a bright future in front of us and a clear and distinctive strategy for winning with our customers and creating value for our shareholders. With clarity on the future, in early 2016 our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $500 million in shares over two years, further affirming our commitment to shareholders.
In closing, I want to thank our team of close to 10,000 dedicated employees for all of their hard work and winning spirit in 2015. Whether at the front line or at the home office, they support our customers every day. Thank you to all of our stakeholders for your continued support of Murphy USA.
R. Andrew Clyde
President and Chief Executive Officer
  As we turn the page on 2015, we enter 2016 with a bright future in front of us and a clear and distinctive strategy for winning with our customers and creating value for our shareholders.
  