Letter to Shareholders
Murphy USA celebrated its first full year as a standalone company in 2014 and we couldn’t be more proud of our achievements. It was a very rewarding year for our shareholders, employees, supplier- partners and our local communities as we continued to execute our growth strategy, deliver results and meet our commitments. We are pleased to share with you our 2014 highlights which illustrate how Murphy USA’s distinctive strategy creates value for all its stakeholders.
   Organic growth accelerated by over 50 percent as 60 new stores were opened, mostly located in front of Walmart Supercenters. The majority of the locations were the 1,200-square-foot and larger
stores that generate a higher level of merchandise sales while maintaining a low cost and low capital intensity format. We expect to continue this growth trajectory in 2015 as we remain focused on organic growth.
Merchandise margin dollars expanded by 11.1% in total (or 6.9% per site) for non-tobacco categories as the broader product mix of larger stores, enhanced promotions at all locations and improved pricing and operational execution all contributed. While cigarette volume continues to decline nationally, we managed to grow tobacco margin dollars by 4.5% overall
(or 0.5% per site) as alternative tobacco products offset the cigarette headwinds. Non-tobacco categories now represent nearly 40% of our margin dollars and 2015 growth and promotional plans will allow us to continue to diversify our merchandise mix.
Cost leadership is essential for a low price retail strategy and we made major progress in this area in 2014. We achieved our goal of beating inflation on per site operating costs (excluding credit card fees) as increases were capped at 0.9%, while still affording maintenance upgrades to refresh our site brand image, sustaining our top-quartile safety record and improving customer satisfaction ratings. Overhead costs per site were reduced (after excluding 2013 spin related and other one- time costs) as initial investments in systems and processes to scale our business were realized. We will continue to invest in programs that lead to continuous improvements in our cost structure while enhancing our brand image and reputation—this is not an invest and forget business.
Fuel remains the major driver of our earnings given Murphy USA’s low price, high volume retail model. Total retail volume grew 4.8% to almost 4 billion gallons in 2014 while per-site volume grew 0.7% in a category that is projected to be essentially flat over the long term. Our low-cost business model and organic growth strategy in front of high traffic Walmart Supercenters creates a winning proposition to our shared
customer who continues to seek value and lower prices. Our proprietary product supply sources, pipeline shipper status and supply chain capabilities underpin our low cost position while creating upside exposure to RIN sales (Renewable Identification Numbers) generated from ethanol blending.
We also made continued progress toward disposing of non-core fuel assets as the turnaround program at our remaining ethanol plant in Hereford, Texas, yielded $20 million in net income, greatly improving its position for a future sale. The exceptional retail fuel margins generated in 2014 illustrate how Murphy USA’s strategy creates advantage from market volatility.
Murphy USA’s strategy is focused on the long term. We are investing in capabilities that enhance our strengths. Our balance sheet remains strong and resilient to the most difficult and volatile margin scenarios. Most importantly, we are committed to rewarding our long-term shareholders with a combination of sustained growth and efficient distributions. In 2014, we paid off the balance of our $150 million term loan, completed our initial $50 million share repurchase program, and, subsequent to amending certain debt covenants, announced a $250 million share repurchase program which we expect to complete by the end of 2015.
While 2014 results were certainly amplified by record Q4 retail fuel margins and continued elevated RIN prices, we believe Murphy USA’s track record of executing the fundamentals is what really matters and will distinguish us in the long term. While gasoline retailing is an inherently volatile business, we understand the highs and lows will average out. If history is a good predictor of the future, we can expect a more difficult fuel margin environment when crude prices rebound. But over time, stakeholders will benefit from the execution of a distinctive strategy that is resilient to these market forces and provides the foundation for sustained growth and returns.
Our team of over 9,400 employees is excited and committed to build on our track record in 2015 and in the years to come. Thank you for your continued support of Murphy USA.
R. Andrew Clyde
President and Chief Executive Officer
  DRIVEN TO PERFORM | MURPHY USA 01
