                                                  2
throughout has been to capitalize on the tremendous promise represented by the combination of two strong companies with complementary businesses. We are creating an enterprise that is highly efficient, focused on market leadership, positioned to support our customers in global markets and admired for its integrity, innovation and stewardship.
John A. Luke, Jr.
The year’s results were also influenced by substantial, planned merger-related charges. Now, most of the merger-related costs are behind us. The economy remains uncertain, to be sure, but we are resolved to use our stronger, more efficient operating structure and our robust business platform to build improved results.
chairman, president and chief executive officer
We are committed to deliver on our promise.
Our progress during 2oo2 included substantial business integration, cost
synergies that were well above our targets and, most importantly, the formation of a dynamic leadership team. We ended the year with strong momentum in spite of generally soft markets that reflect the broader economic environment and the lingering effects of an overvalued
U.S. dollar. Our financial results for the year were clearly affected by these difficult economic conditions which combined to weaken demand and prices for many of our products.
As we move forward, we are determined to develop businesses that can produce above cost-of-capital returns on investment and, in doing so, create value for our shareholders. Doing so will
require concerted emphasis on leadership, productivity, innovation and organizational development, as well as dedication to excellence in all we do.
FOCUSED GROWTH What makes MeadWestvaco truly distinctive is that we combine efficiency, scale and leadership in our established businesses with a talent for identifying and seizing highly attractive opportunities for focused growth in newer markets. There we are harnessing our resources to provide premium products and services that are especially integral to the success of our customers. Supporting the needs of our established customers with the full range of MeadWestvaco’s resources is a priority. In 2oo2, through this focused growth strategy, we made strong progress on these fronts despite some of the most challenging market and economic conditions in at least a generation.
As a result of our merger, all of our businesses are benefiting from substantially reduced operating costs. In 2oo2, we generated $191 million in annual cost synergies – more than double our original target for the year. We have now raised our estimate of sustainable annual merger-related savings to $36o million from $325 million, and all of these savings measures will be in place a full year ahead of schedule – by the end of 2oo3. The impact of these savings will be reflected on our bottom line once economic activity improves and we have completed a number of one-time restructuring and other merger-related actions.
Our long-term strategies involve building and enhancing our leadership in highly attractive markets and improving efficiency. Innovation is, of course, essential. We continue to receive more patents than any company in our industry. We are working hard to expand this commitment to innovation throughout MeadWestvaco.

                                                In addition, with the growth of big-box and other self-service retailers, packaging plays an increasingly important role
in product marketing. After all, packaging is integral to how products are perceived. We create value by helping customers maximize their products’ appeal.
With mills that are clearly among the world’s most efficient and best-equipped, we are already a global leader in high-quality paperboard, used in countless, high-value applications – from pharmaceutical and healthcare packaging to nonrefrigerated drink cartons and other beverage packaging to cartons for consumer electronics. In North America and Europe, using paperboard and plastic, as well as combinations of these materials, we are a leading producer of packaging of superior quality and design. We also have a strong, successful packaging presence in Brazil, spanning over fifty years.
One important area of focused growth is our packaging systems business. Soft drink bottlers and brewers around the world use our systems to pack their cans and bottles into cartons. One major U.S. soft drink bottler is now introducing our innovative FridgeMasterTM carton, which conveniently dispenses individual drink cans from the refrigerator shelf.
We are also unique within the packaging field in combining three essential capabilities–packaging systems, design and manufacturing. This versatility is facilitating our growth in a number of high-value consumer packaging markets. One example is our leading global market share in packaging for DVDs, the exceptionally fast growing entertainment medium.
LONG-TERM VALUE As with packaging, our second largest business, paper, is closely integrated with the fabric of modern life. The merger is helping us create North America’s most efficient, high-quality platform in coated papers, used in magazines, catalogs, labels, advertising supplements, promotional materials and annual reports. In addition,
we are pursuing new growth opportunities in the emerging category of digital printing papers and in specialty papers used in a variety of new laminate flooring products.
Our third segment, consumer and office products, is the clear leader in the growing North American markets for school and office stationery supplies – with nine of the ten most recognized brands, plus a full range of envelope products. Our leadership in this segment continues to grow, based on our broad product line, our flair for product innovation and
our strong customer relationships in all major distribution channels–from office superstores and mass merchandisers to wholesalers and commercial stationers.
Our fourth segment, specialty chemicals, is one that exemplifies the principle of focused growth. For example, we are the global leader in activated carbon products for emission control systems in cars and trucks, and we have just introduced a carbon ceramic honeycomb product needed to satisfy increasingly stringent environmental standards. Our history of product innovation and our strength in customer service have helped us remain leaders in the constantly evolving markets for asphalt emulsifiers, fabric dyes and gravure and lithographic inks.
3

                                                    Public policy should recognize and encourage environmental stewardship and initiative. An area of particular pride is our commitment to forest sustainability. We have played a major role in the development of the Sustainable Forestry Initiative® program, and our foresters are widely recognized for their accomplishments and expertise. We are also proud of our longstanding dedication to sound governance practices. Our policies and the integrity of our organization have been
a source of great strength and confidence over the past year as we have shaped the future course for MeadWestvaco.
SUMMARY The nation’s entire manufacturing sector may continue to be challenged by a weak economy in the months to come, though we are encouraged by the recent correction in the value of the U.S. dollar. If U.S. manufacturers are to compete fairly in world markets, government policy should promote global economic growth and allow exchange rates to reflect market reality. We are confident we can deliver on our promise by adhering to a simple and straightforward strategy for building long-term value: focusing on attractive markets; steadily upgrading our mix of products and services through market-driven innovation; exercising
relentless discipline over costs, capital and
other resources; and always doing business
with integrity.
With this approach, we will create value for customers and opportunity
for employees, while delivering superior returns for shareholders. I want to thank the men and women of MeadWestvaco for their continuing hard work and enthusiasm. Their contributions are responsible for
the substantial progress we have made to date, and they will be fundamental to our continuing progress, to the attainment of our vision for MeadWestvaco. All of us remain committed to building a uniquely powerful, innovative and efficient business enterprise for the future.
Linda V. Schreiner
Sincerely,
John A.Luke,Jr.
John A. Luke, Jr.
chairman, president and chief executive officer
4 march 3, 2oo3
Rita V. Foley
Raymond W. Lane
Executive Vice President Packaging
Senior Vice President Consumer Packaging
Senior Vice President Human Resources
