Global Reports LLC
To our shareholders, cusTomers and employees:
The new and stronger MeadWestvaco is taking shape. In 2006, we made significant progress toward becoming the global packaging leader we envision. At this time last year, we had a clear strategic blueprint for action. After implementing key elements of our ongoing strategy, we’ve emerged as a stronger and more nimble company, and along the way have opened a new set of opportunities for profitable growth.
The results are clear. We reported improved financial perfor- mance in almost every category — generating revenue growth, improving operating profitability and increasing cash flow. We are competing in growing global markets with innovative products and enhanced services and capabilities. We have an energetic team committed to a culture of collaboration and creativity across our businesses. We strengthened our relationships with customers, and learned more about what motivates the end consumer.
We know that packaging is an essential part of our customers’ brand and their customers’ overall experience. Our customers want a reliable packaging partner that can connect with consumers on the store shelf, enhance the value of their products and help uphold their brand promises on a global scale. With innovative packaging products and expertise and unequaled global reach, MeadWestvaco is uniquely able to deliver the highest quality packaging experience each and every time, for each and every customer — from emerging product leaders to the most recogniz- able global brands. Today, our aspiration to think and act as a global packaging leader is no longer a strategy. It is our reality.
opening our possibilities 

a year oF chanGe
How can we tell? This year, we took large and small steps to effectively link our packaging strategy to the realities of the growing — and changing — global marketplace for branded consumer products. The result is a new MeadWestvaco that looks and feels different from the one I wrote about in this letter just twelve months ago.
oUrpackagingplatform Oneofthemostimportantstepswasreorganizingand augmenting our packaging platform. We aligned our products and services by targeted markets and key customers, creating the Packaging Resources and Consumer Solutions segments. We also acquired and integrated Calmar’s leading positions in primary packaging—such as the revolutionary NoC fragrance dispenser—into our existing platform. Together, these changes helped solidify and strengthen our presence along the entire global packaging value chain.
This comprehensive packaging platform is ensuring that we are the partner of choice to help many of the world’s largest companies bring their products to market, inform their customers, and increase sales—making MeadWestvaco the packaging power behind brand names from Coca-Cola to Scotts and from L’Oreal to Yoplait. By partnering with our customers at the design table, on the production line, along their entire supply chain, and, especially, on the store shelf, we are doing more to help them grow than ever before.
oUrcUltUreofcollaboration Tocontinuegrowingalongwithourcustomers,we must lead our industry in innovation. The newly opened Center for Packaging Innovation, on the campus of N.C. State University in Raleigh, North Carolina, will concentrate
our global efforts to fill the pipeline of commercial offerings for our packaging platform. At this state-of-the-art hub for collaborative research, materials scientists and design professionals work side-by-side with our customers’ brand managers and supply chain experts to tailor next-generation solutions to the packaging challenges they face. One such challenge is “wrap rage”—the often frustrating struggle with plastic clamshell packaging. MeadWestvaco has developed Natralock security packaging to replace these difficult-to- open packages with a secure, safe and sustainable paperboard alternative.
This kind of cutting-edge collaboration is not only centered in Raleigh. The hallways of our new corporate offices in Richmond, Virginia, are buzzing with creative activity that was not possible when leadership from our various businesses were located hundreds of miles apart. Richmond is also the central location for our new Global Business Services team which is reducing costs, consolidating previously redundant tasks and
 meadWestvaco 2006 annual report
Global Reports LLC

Global Reports LLC
promoting best practices to improve efficiency and productivity across our operations. With our new direction and new location, we added a number of enthusiastic and
energetic new faces to our experienced MeadWestvaco team. In particular, three leaders have joined our efforts and validated our decision to focus on packaging as an exciting area of growth for the future. Mark S. Cross joined the company as Senior Vice President to direct our business development in emerging markets, focusing most immediately on China, India and Eastern Europe. And the addition of James M.Kilts, former chairman and CEO of Gillette, and Timothy H.Powers, chairman and CEO of Hubbell, Inc.,
to our Board of Directors affirms the directional changes we have implemented. Their experienced voices have already proven valuable as we work to leverage our packaging platform in the consumer product marketplace.
prooF oF our proGress
We have been aggressive with changes that will help grow our business and improve profitability, and our financial performance bears this out. MeadWestvaco delivered improved results for the year, including a six percent increase in company-wide sales, and revenue and profit gains across most of our major businesses.
The Packaging Resources Group turned in a strong year, while the Consumer Solutions Group capitalized on growth opportunities even as sales weakened in traditionally strong markets—namely media. While packaging is our primary focus, our complementary business segments—Consumer & Office Products and Specialty Chemicals — fit comfortably into our company’s strategy and contribute meaningfully to the bottom line.
The entire company drove price and mix improvements that helped to partially offset record input prices for energy and raw materials, and continued to make progress on our cost initiative—banking $60 million this year to bring our cumulative run- rate savings to $125 million at the end of 2006. Our 2006 performance is presented
in greater detail starting on page 24.
Of course, we do not only measure our performance in terms of financial results.
We take seriously our responsibility to the environment, to the health and safety of our employees and to the well-being of the communities in which we operate. For the third straight year, MeadWestvaco was named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Indexes, an indication that we are perpetuating and building upon our longstanding reputation as a steward for our resources, a good corporate citizen and a company of character.
In addition to these important issues for our company and communities, we are also attuned to public policies that affect our ability—and that of other manufacturers and
opening our possibilities 

American businesses — to compete in the increasingly demanding global marketplace. We continue to advocate for reasonable policies that encourage growth, promote free trade and provide for a level global playing field.
a company oF people and producTs
Many people know our company by the products we make —products they use countless times every day when they brush their teeth, eat a bowl of cereal, wear perfume or cologne, take prescription medicine, drink a soda, clean their homes or watch a DVD. Some of our products are highlighted on the coming pages along with our employees. That is because it’s our people who make these products possible.
Employees working for MeadWestvaco around the globe are gratified by the changes we have made this year and the improved performance we will build on in the future. They have each been a part of making our company stronger, and can feel the differences every day at their desks, in the mills, at our converting facilities and design centers and in sales meetings and consultations with our valued customers. I’d like to thank everyone who has chosen to be a part of the new MeadWestvaco—and played an important role in the progress we’ve made toward our vision of leadership in packaging and packaging solutions.
Sincerely,
John A. Luke, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2007
   6
meadWestvaco 2006 annual report
