To our shareholders, customers and employees:
 The transformational changes we have made to our business over the past few years generated outstanding results in 2010.
During the year, we strengthened our revenue mix, commercialized breakthrough new packaging products and set a number of records for profitability and margin improvement across the company. These indicators of our success are a direct result of our focus on targeted global packaging end- markets, including an emphasis on consumer insights and customer partnerships, and implementation of key strategies for our Specialty Chemicals, Consumer & Office Products and Land Management businesses.
John A. Luke, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
This progress has more closely aligned our performance with MWV’s peers in the packaging industry. However, as always, there is more we can – and will – do to strengthen our company and stand out against the competition. We are confident the changes we’ve made will become the hallmark of our business for many years to come – cementing our competitive advantage and enabling us to break away from the pack.

  “ln the large and growing global market for food packaging, we have worked with brand owners to specify our paperboard for their most challenging packaging applications.”
 2 MWV 2010 Annual Report
Breaking away means having a differentiated business model,
a distinct approach to market participation and a definitive
edge with customers. We have been focused on establishing our advantage in these areas, and we’re not only reaping the benefits of our strategic transformation, we’re setting the stage for breakout growth going forward.
The best barometer of our success is financial performance. By virtually any measure, 2010 was a very strong year for MWV’s shareholders. We set a record
for earnings from continuing operations; the $1.52 of earnings per share was the highest since the company was formed in 2002.
Consistent with this strong performance, we increased our dividend by nine percent. We are proud to say that, unlike many others, we maintained our rate through the financial and economic downturn. The increase demonstrates confidence in our ability to continue to profitably grow our revenues, increase cash flow from our businesses and deliver higher returns for shareholders
on a sustainable basis.
Many of the reasons for that confidence are embedded in the successes we accomplished in 2010 – things that contributed to our bottom-line performance this past year and form the foundation for our heightened expectations for improved performance in 2011 and beyond.
Most notably, we continued to emphasize our participation in the key end-markets we’ve identified as having the most potential for profitability. This market focus is critical to everything we do, and we are in the process of organizing dedicated teams for each of
our targeted global packaging markets: food, beverage, healthcare, beauty and personal care, home and garden and tobacco.
All told, these markets for packaging represent about $325 billion in annual sales around the world – with growth rates from two to six percent overall and as high as ten
to twelve percent in rapidly developing markets. For certain, they have varied and diverse characteristics and economics, but also many similarities.
Each has attractive growth trends.
Each has profitable niches for specialty solutions. Each presents opportunities to solve unmet consumer needs through innovation.
In the large and growing global market for food packaging, for instance, we have worked with brand owners to specify our paperboard for their most challenging packaging applications – including frozen food, ready-to- eat meals and hot drink cups.
In 2010, we increased sales by nearly 10 percent – representing our growing share of the $200 billion global market. We are also working to introduce new products that will help us increase that share even further.

  “MWV’s focus on developing and applying our deep knowledge of end-markets has given us an edge over the competition.”
Our profitable growth strategies in the food market are indicative of similar efforts underway for each of the packaging markets we’ve targeted. For instance, in 2010 we:
• acquired Spray Plast to accelerate global growth in trigger sprayers for home and garden,
• generated strong growth for our airless and fragrance dispensers in beauty and personal care,
• continued to emphasize our leading solutions for medication adherence in healthcare,
• grew our beverage multi-pack business in Asia and other developing markets,
• coordinated our global tobacco business to focus on paperboard, converting, and specialty packaging for the world’s premier brands,
• and, in an example of a market we’ve decided to exit, sold our media and entertainment packaging business.
As it has been for many years, part of our focus on these targeted end-markets is to expand our positions in the right geographies – where middle-class consumption is growing rapidly and where our customers are expecting to generate the vast majority of growth for their brands. This includes a priority emphasis on Brazil, India, China and other countries across the Asia-Pacific region.
Brazil is a special example for MWV because we have been operating in that country for nearly 60 years. Over that time, we have accumulated a tremendous amount of knowledge about the country, the markets and our Brazilian customers. Our strengths in Brazil extend from each of our businesses, including our highly differentiated (and highly profitable) corrugated packaging business, Rigesa, as well as important positions in consumer packaging for beverage, food and personal care markets, the leading Tilibra and Grafons brands for school and office products, and positions in end-markets for pine chemicals, asphalt additives and activated carbon in our Specialty Chemicals business.
In 2010, our total sales in Brazil were $670 million – a 17 percent increase over the prior year. Combined with sales in China, Russia, India and other rapidly developing countries, our business in these leading growth markets now represents more than a quarter of MWV’s annual revenue. This is consistent with their increasing share of the overall global economic pie and our focused strategy to grow profitably in these attractive markets.
We are very encouraged by the broad opportunities in Brazil, where the economy is expected to grow twice as fast as the United States thanks to an expanding middle class, a stable political environment, vast natural resources, strong inflows of capital and plans to ramp up infrastructure spending ahead of the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics.
MWV 2010 Annual Report 3

Driven by this strong economic engine, the targeted markets for Rigesa’s corrugated packaging business – which include frozen food, fresh produce, consumable household and personal care products and durable goods – are growing faster than average in the corrugated industry. That’s one of the reasons we are investing to extend our advantage in this business – enhancing our ability to serve these fast-growing markets and upgrading our technology to produce higher-quality packaging with additional sustainability characteristics for customers.
This is a $500 million investment in our future growth in Brazil, with a very attractive return profile; we expect to double Rigesa’s current profitability in five years.
The focus we’ve placed on developing expertise in our end-markets is not limited to our participation in the large, growing, global markets for packaging. It’s also been the foundation for our success in other businesses. We’ve long been recognized as a leader in the consumer and office products market, with a deep understanding of our customers and retail partners, as well as the needs and desires of the students, professionals and families who rely on our products.
We have also done considerable work to position our Specialty Chemicals business for breakout growth and sustained earnings performance – and those efforts came to a head in 2010. The business had a record year; we more than doubled sales and earnings by identifying – and in some cases creating – the right end-markets for our unique chemical products.
In each of our businesses, the focus on developing and applying our deep knowledge of end- markets has given us an edge over the competition, and enabled our company to outperform during a difficult economic period. Still, the strategic progress we’ve made to transform MWV makes our earnings power more consistent, but not immune from external macroeconomic challenges such as inflation, unemployment, or disruptive policies and regulations. In other words, the big stuff still matters – no matter how much progress we make implementing our strategies. We’ll always be scanning the horizon for the impact of global interdependence – in some cases giving rise to new competitive challenges, and in others presenting the opportunity to capitalize on emerging opportunities for profitable growth.
We are always looking ahead, with a confident approach to the future. No one at MWV is satisfied with a transformation; no one views it as an end-point. We’re going to remain focused on sharpening our market expertise, creating the most innovative products, earning business from the world’s biggest brands and further improving our financial performance for shareholders.
We think this is what sets us apart – and pushes us toward a vision of MWV as a premier global packaging company. In many aspects of our business, we’re already there. In others, we’re catching up quickly – poised to meet and exceed expectations. Our employees are leading the charge. Our customers are seeing the results. Our shareholders are reaping the rewards. And I’m honored to be working with all
of them to place MWV into a category of its own.
Sincerely,
John A. Luke, Jr.
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2011
  Financial highlights
 In millions, except per share data 2010 2009
 Net Sales
Income from Continuing Operations
Net Income per Share from Continuing Operations
Dividends per Share
Cash Flow Provided by Operating Activities from Continuing Operations Shareholders’ Equity
$5,693 $5,406 262 240 1.52 1.38 0.94 0.92 551 831 3,286 3,406
4 MWV 2010 Annual Report
