2
Brought to you by Global Reports
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
The new MeadWestvaco came to life on January 29, 2002, with the overwhelming approval of both Mead and Westvaco shareholders. Our new company– the third largest U. S. forest products company in market value–is bigger, stronger and uniquely positioned to build shareholder value.
Each of our four core businesses–packaging, coated and specialty papers, consumer and office products, and specialty chemicals–has market-leading positions, plus the opportunities and resources to create value for customers and enhance returns for shareholders. In addition, our 3.5 million acres of sustainably managed forestlands are a significant resource from which we will derive additional revenues–by using our forestry management expertise to enhance productivity and by divesting timberlands that we no longer need to support our mills.
Combining two already strong companies creates an immediate opportunity to cut costs and increase efficiency. We have identified $325 million in annual cost savings that
we will implement within two years of the merger by eliminating duplication, leveraging
our increased purchasing power and running our much larger paper manufacturing business more efficiently. We are also seizing the opportunity to define the most effective and efficient business processes for each aspect of our business.
In addition, our new company has increased financial strength. As a merger of equals, MeadWestvaco begins without acquisition debt or share dilution. Over time, the benefits
of our merger will come not just from cost reductions, but from leveraging the strengths of
our unique business platforms–their leading market positions, superb facilities and outstanding people. Indeed, the merger of two skilled management teams gives us an outstanding core
of talented, experienced leaders to strengthen our company.
PACKAGING Our largest segment is packaging, a $4-billion global business. In
packaging, we provide an array of high-quality substrates that serve the packaging needs
of major consumer products companies around the world. We are a leading provider of bleached paperboard and coated natural kraft. Bleached paperboard is used for packaging high-value consumer products such as pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, media products including CDs and DVDs and nonrefrigerated beverages. Coated natural kraft is used for a range of packaging applications, the largest of which for MeadWestvaco is multiple beverage packaging, and we are the leader in providing packaging systems to the world’s major brewers and soft drink bottlers. We also design and produce finished packaging, using both paper and plastic substrates, for global consumer products companies specializing in media, cosmetics, pharmaceutical and other products. For industrial customers, we produce containerboard,
and our Brazilian subsidiary, Rigesa, Ltda., is a leading supplier of packaging in Brazil.
COATED AND SPECIALTY PAPERS Paper is our second largest business, with
$3 billion in annual sales. We are North America’s second largest producer of coated and carbonless papers, and we are well on our way to being the most efficient–by shutting down older, less efficient machinery and optimizing the productivity of our entire mill system.
MeadWestvaco makes a full range of coated papers–for magazines, catalogs, textbooks and advertising materials; for labels and wraps; digital printing papers; and carbonless copy papers for business forms. We also produce papers for specialty applications, including decorative laminated surfaces and automotive transmissions. We have strong
cust omer relation sh ips in coat ed and car bon less papers , s elli ng di rect ly t o l arge pr i nt ers
and publish er s and also t h rough merch ant s ales ch an nels .

CONSUMER AND OFFICE PRODUCTS Our third business segment, consumer and office products, is an attractive, growing and highly profitable business, with about $875 million in annual sales. We have many of the leading brand names in school supplies, time-management and commercial office products, including Mead , AT-A-GLANCE , Cambridge , Five Star and Trapper Keeper .
®®®®® Much of our success in this business is driven by strong product development and the use
of licensing agreements for names like Harry Potter, M&M’s/Mars and Nike, Inc. It is also driven by effective marketing skills and key relationships with multiple distribution channels, including mass retailers, warehouse outlets, office supply superstores and commercial stationers. Our envelope business employs some of these same channels, and we are exploring ways in which our envelope and consumer and office platforms can combine forces for greater value.
SPECIALTY CHEMICALS Specialty chemicals is another fast-growing, high-margin global business with strong, stable cash flow and about $350 million in annual sales. We have leading positions in a number of attractive chemical businesses, based on innovative products that we have developed using forest byproducts. For example,
we use sawdust to make our activated carbon product, which is the product of choice in auto and truck emission controls markets around the world. We also have significant and growing positions in resins for printing ink and industrial coating
applications and in asphalt emulsifiers for road construction and repairs.
EXCELLENT PROGRESS IN MERGER INTEGRATION The process of integrating MeadWestvaco is proceeding rapidly, and we are well on our way to achieving our initial $325 million in annual cost savings. In October, we closed one of our older coated paper mills in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, moving production from its two machines to more efficient mills elsewhere. We will close another four coated paper machines this spring, three in Chillicothe, Ohio, and one in Luke, Maryland. At the same time, we are moving aggressively to capture savings in other areas and to develop new strategies that maximize the benefits of our global packaging platform and better serve our global customers.
MeadWestvaco begins with an unusually strong reputation for research and development, product innovation and the ability to help customers succeed. By consolidating infrastructure, business systems and information technology, we are building significant economies of scale, positioning ourselves to be both a leader and a low-cost producer in our targeted markets.
Although weak economic conditions and the strong U.S. dollar continue
to pose challenges for the manufacturing sector, we are encouraged by the rich opportunities our merger presents. Regardless of the economic outlook, we have great confidence in the future of our new company, in its strategic direction and its capacity to build shareholder value. This confidence stems from our strong business platforms, our enhanced scale and strength, and the tremendous near-term opportunities we have for reducing costs, evaluating nonstrategic assets and using our resources more efficiently.
We want to thank the people of MeadWestvaco for making 2001 a year of important progress and for their contributions throughout the years in building the foundation for our new enterprise. Working together, we will continue building a company that is uniquely equipped to reward our shareholders while creating value for customers and opportunity for fellow employees.
Jerome F. Tatar Chairman of the Board
John A.Luke,Jr. President and
Chief Executive Officer
March 2002
      Brought to you by Global Reports
3
