        123 Justison Street Wilmington, Delaware 19801
April 15, 2016
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
In two weeks, we will celebrate our second anniversary as a separate loan management, servicing and asset recovery company. We value the trust and confidence you have placed in us, and we look forward to continuing to retain that trust and confidence.
In 2015, we executed on our commitment to generate value for shareholders. Highlights from the year include:
• Earned core net income of $694 million
• Acquired $3.7 billion in student loans
• Expanded our municipal asset recovery and business processing services with the acquisition of Gila
• Extended our asset recovery and business processing services to the healthcare marketplace with the acquisition of Xtend
• Reduced outstanding unsecured debt by $2.3 billion, and
• Returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
Loan Management and Servicing
Navient is the largest servicer of student loans, serving over 12 million customers with $300 billion in outstanding balances. We bring over 40 years of experience, allowing us to help our customers better manage their student loan obligations. In fact, despite the public dialogue and media stories to the contrary, student loan delinquency rates for our portfolio are the lowest they have been in over a decade.
At Navient, we use our experience and expertise to help our customers navigate the complex federal student loan program. The results are outstanding. Navient customers are more likely to find the right payment plan that leads to success. Our customers default at a 38 percent lower rate than all other student loan borrowers, are less likely to be severely delinquent, and are more likely to enroll in an alternative income-based repayment plan.1 These are industry-leading statistics. Our performance is a source of tremendous pride to our 7,000-plus team members.
We are able to deliver this industry-leading performance by using our expertise and data to better identify customers who need extra support, reach out in ways that result in higher rates of contact, and present repayment options that fit their budget. We have responded to the incredible and growing program complexity by creating teams of specialists and the means to direct customers to the appropriate team. We have also used our expertise and data to develop an award-winning financial literacy webinar series for our customers.
Servicers play an important role in helping borrowers successfully repay their loans. The fact is that the overwhelming majority of borrowers have manageable debt and are successfully repaying it. Delinquencies in the overall Direct Student Loan program have declined 22 percent since 2013.
 1
Visit Navient.com/facts for more information.
 
Despite this positive trend, servicers have been criticized—often for the debt levels and struggles of student loan borrowers. Yet, servicers do not set the cost a school charges, nor do we set the amounts students can borrow, the interest rates charged or the repayment terms offered. We begin to provide service to the customer after the loan is made and the funds have been spent. With a federal financial aid program this large and broad, there are many who struggle to keep up with their payments or who disengage given that their education and career outcomes were not as expected. That is the situation we should be trying to prevent and where federal policy discussions should be focused.
Public Advocacy
Navient has been a strong public voice with recommendations to improve the federal student loan program. Our top recommendations include:
• Encourage struggling customers to contact their servicer. Servicers cannot help if they cannot speak with a customer. In fact, nine out of 10 times when we speak with a federal borrower who is behind in payments, we are able to enroll him or her in a solution to avoid default. Contact works; let’s encourage it.
• Simplify the loan program by eliminating duplicate programs and streamlining forms. Do we really need over 50 repayment options, including nine different income-based programs? Unnecessary complexity can overwhelm customers and discourage engagement.
• Add services that help students and families understand the total cost of earning the degree and the affordability of their financing plan before they select a school and start to borrow. Too many borrowers tell us they wish they had this information before they borrowed.
Student loans are a critical resource for those pursuing higher education and provide the means to pursue dreams to millions of students each year. Lost in the national conversation is the fact that this program works as intended for the vast majority of students and families. The federal student loan program and federal policies do an excellent job of providing access to higher education. There are currently 40 percent more students enrolled in higher education than in 2000, and more than 63 million Americans over the age of 25 hold a bachelor’s degree. Today, the federal student loan program has become a popular political topic. This should not be a partisan topic. Students, families and taxpayers (all of whom ultimately bear the cost of the program) would all benefit from a bipartisan approach based on data and facts that help lower the cost of higher education, create broad access, and most importantly, create stronger paths to graduation.
Asset Recovery and Business Processing
Looking beyond student loans, Navient also has a rapidly growing business in asset recovery and business processing. We are applying the expertise, systems and compliance skills we have developed in student loans to the municipal and healthcare markets. A growing list of clients are benefiting from higher performance, lower cost, and strong compliance controls we bring each and every day. These business lines generated $118 million in revenue in 2015. We expect this to grow by approximately $100 million in 2016.
Capital Profile
As a board and management team, we are focused on delivering value to all of our stakeholders. For shareholders, this means a disciplined approach to investing the capital you have entrusted us to manage. To create the highest, sustainable return, we maintain a strong capital profile that supports our business in all economic environments. Today, our capital position is very strong. Our free cash flow, debt coverage ratios and equity ratios are at very strong levels—levels far above those we maintained when our debt was rated “A.” We maintained these levels while reducing our outstanding unsecured debt by $2.3 billion and returning $1.2 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase in 2015.

Our capital profile demonstrates our commitment to our clients, our bondholders, ABS investors and shareholders that we are built for the long-term.
Disciplined Risk Management
2015 represented a year of executing on our long-term strategy. This included operating independently for the first full year since our strategic separation, integrating new leadership, acquiring two new companies that extend our reach, and building new processes and governance that properly balance risk and investment returns. We have a business plan that is governed by risk guidelines to ensure our portfolios and businesses are managed to produce appropriate, risk-adjusted returns. Our risk management discipline ensures we are mindful of various market challenges, including risks related to interest rates, credit spreads and foreign exchange rates to help ensure that each of our businesses will perform well through various market cycles. Our philosophy guides us to act in the best interests of our borrowers, customers and clients, while producing attractive long- term returns for all of our stakeholders.
Building for the Future
Setting the strategic course for Navient involves a high level of engagement between management and our Board. Our entire Board acts as a strategy committee and meets regularly to discuss the priorities of our Company, taking into consideration economic, consumer and other significant trends, as well as changes in our businesses. Our directors take this responsibility seriously. In fact, every regularly scheduled board meeting held in 2015 began with an executive session with our President and CEO to discuss strategic topics. We also regularly discuss and review feedback from our shareholders, customers and other stakeholders.
Ongoing Evolution of a Skilled and Diverse Board
Each member of Navient’s Board of Directors, other than the CEO, is an independent director. The Board is also led by an independent chairman. In addition, over half of these independent Directors are women—more than any other financial services company on the S&P 500. Our leadership on boardroom gender parity has been recognized by the New York Stock Exchange, Women’s Forum of New York, and 2020 Women on Boards.
We believe our nominees for the Board possess the breadth of experience and range of relevant skills to provide effective oversight of the Company’s strategies and performance. Importantly, the Board continues to evolve. In addition to welcoming six new directors in the last two years, one of our long-standing and most dedicated leaders, Stephen Shapiro, a director since 1997, will retire from the Board effective as of the Annual Meeting. We thank Steve for his years of dedicated service. We have planned for this event, and thus do not intend to nominate a replacement candidate. We anticipate that our Board will continue to refresh itself in the coming years.
The Board’s keen focus on board composition and succession planning has led to the addition of six outstanding new directors since the beginning of 2014: Linda Mills, Jane Thompson, John Adams, Anna Escobedo Cabral, Katherine Lehman and Laura Unger. Each of these directors has brought new perspectives, deepened or added to our skill sets, and refreshed the Board for the future. This focus will bear even more fruit in 2016 and beyond when, if reelected, our Audit, Compensation and Personnel, and Finance and Operations Committees will be led by three of these new directors.
Shareholder Meeting
I am pleased to invite you to attend our 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Thursday, May 26, 2016, at 11:00 a.m., Eastern Daylight Time. The Annual Meeting will be held at Navient’s headquarters located at 123 Justison Street, Wilmington, Delaware.

Attached to this letter are a Notice of 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and our Proxy Statement, which describe the business to be conducted at the Annual Meeting. There are several ways in which you can vote your shares, including online, by telephone, or by mail. Specific instructions about each of these voting methods can be found beginning on page 7 of the Proxy Statement.
Your vote is important. Whether you own a few shares or many, it is important that you are represented. Please vote at your earliest convenience by following the instructions in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or the proxy card you received in the mail.
Thank you for your continued investment in Navient. We look forward to seeing you at the Annual Meeting.
Sincerely,
John F. Remondi William M. Diefenderfer, III
President and Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board of Directors
  