 123 Justison Street Wilmington, Delaware 19801
April 10, 2015
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Please join us Thursday, May 21, 2015, at 11:00 a.m., Eastern Daylight Time, for Navient’s inaugural Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Annual Meeting will be held at The Westin Wilmington Hotel located at 818 Shipyard Drive, Wilmington, Delaware.
2014 was a year of transition for Navient, marked by our successful separation transaction from SLM Corporation. It was also a year in which we welcomed 12 million student loan customers to our new brand, implemented an education campaign on income-based repayment, and introduced new financial literacy tools. Our default prevention expertise produced a cohort default rate 40 percent lower than the national average. We acquired $13 billion in new student loan portfolios, bringing our default prevention expertise to even more customers.
In addition, as promised prior to our separation, we believe we have laid the groundwork for future growth. As an initial step toward that future growth, subsequent to year-end, we announced an acquisition that expands our capabilities in business process outsourcing and public sector asset recovery. Navient further invested in its future growth by recruiting six very capable new board members, five female and one male, who further enhance our board’s capabilities and diversity.
We also made investments in compliance and to strengthen our collaboration with our regulatory partners as we look to continually enhance our service and help our customers navigate the path to financial success. In 2015, we’re committed to continuing to invest in customer success, business growth and shareholder return.
Attached to this letter are a Notice of 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and our Proxy Statement, which describe the business to be conducted at the Annual Meeting. We also will report on matters of current interest to our shareholders. There are several ways in which you can vote your shares, including via the Internet, by telephone, or by signing, dating and returning your Proxy Card. Specific instructions about each of these voting methods can be found beginning on page 7 of the Proxy Statement.
Your vote is important. Whether you own a few shares or many, it is important that you are represented. Whether you plan to attend the Annual Meeting or not, please vote at your earliest convenience by following the instructions in the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or the proxy card you received in the mail.
Thank you for your continued investment in Navient. We look forward to seeing you at the Annual Meeting.
Sincerely,
William M. Diefenderfer, III
Chairman of the Board of Directors
 