 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
At Noble Energy we are committed to being the premier upstream oil and natural gas company, delivering superior long-term shareholder return. Not only was 2016 a year of outstanding operational, financial, and safety performance, it was also one of great progress on our strategic objectives. I am confident these results have us positioned to deliver top-tier long-term performance.
In this report, I have outlined 2016 accomplishments and our focus on four strategic cornerstones: onshore U.S. assets, Eastern Mediterranean assets, portfolio, and financial capability. I’ve also included a discussion about our leadership with all stakeholders.
DRIVING INDUSTRY LEADING DEVELOPMENT AND OPERATION OF TOP-TIER ONSHORE ASSETS
Three years ago we made the strategic decision to increase Noble Energy’s onshore U.S. oil exposure and take advantage of our horizontal development experience. This led to our merger with Rosetta Resources Inc. in 2015 and the signing of an agreement to acquire Clayton Williams Energy, Inc. (CWEI) earlier this year. These transactions increase our exposure to high margin liquids production with net unrisked resources of 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent in the Delaware Basin and 460 million barrels of oil equivalent in the Eagle Ford. This fits well with our 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent of net unrisked resources in the DJ Basin.
In 2016, we focused on demonstrating superior drilling and productivity performance across our onshore areas. Approximately two-thirds of our company’s 2016 organic capital expenditures went into our Colorado and Texas assets. We are accelerating value realization from this great resource base with the addition of three rigs to our drilling program in
LEFT: David L. Stover - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Noble Energy
late 2016, bringing the total to seven. We expect to further increase our rig count in 2017.
At year end, the DJ Basin remained our largest onshore producing asset, with the majority of our activity in the Wells Ranch and East Pony areas. In these areas, we continued to improve our drilling efficiency and increased recoveries from our production results. An acreage swap in Wells Ranch added more than 11,000 net acres to this position, allowing us to drill additional extended reach lateral wells. A constitutional amendment approved by Colorado voters in November is expected to provide more regulatory stability for responsible oil and natural gas development in the state.
In Texas, we recorded our first full year of activity in the Delaware Basin and Eagle Ford plays acquired in the Rosetta Resources merger. We are delivering some of the industry’s best wells in both plays, as we apply learnings from our DJ Basin and Marcellus operations. Activity increased during the fourth quarter with the addition of two drilling rigs in the Delaware Basin and another in the Eagle Ford. Upon the expected closing of the CWEI transaction in the second quarter of 2017, our Delaware Basin lease
     ABOVE: Noble Energy Executive Officers (left to right) Kenneth M. Fisher - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer • Gary W. Willingham - Executive Vice President, Operations • David L. Stover - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer • A. Lee Robison - Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Administration • John T. Lewis - Senior Vice President, Corporate Development • Arnold J. Johnson - Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

 holdings will approach 120,000 net acres, making us the second largest leaseholder in the core of the prolific southern Delaware.
In the Marcellus, we agreed with our partner to dissolve the joint venture to give each company full control over its assets. We retained over 360,000 net acres in West Virginia and Pennsylvania along with a substantial amount of natural gas production. Our near-term focus remains on our inventory of drilled uncompleted wells.
The Noble Midstream Partners (NBLX) initial public offering in the third quarter exceeded its pre-offering target price, generating approximately $300 million in net proceeds, and continues to be a strong market performer. Noble Energy’s growing operations in the DJ and Delaware Basins provide strong long-term growth opportunities for NBLX.
MAXIMIZING THE
VALUE OF WORLD
CLASS EASTERN MEDITERRANEAN ASSETS
In 2016, our focus was defining the next stages of development for our Eastern Mediterranean assets, ensuring sufficient funding for our expansion plans without impacting investment in other core areas. We continue to be excited about the near and long-term opportunities presented by our Eastern Mediterranean portfolio. Sales volumes from Tamar set new records in 2016. This was enabled by our solid operational performance and Israel’s industrial growth, high seasonal residential demand, and accelerated replacement of coal in power generation. Our sale of a 3.5% working interest in Tamar exhibited market strength and high asset value.
The Leviathan project is the next phase of developing our world-class Eastern Mediterranean assets. By 2020, we will have doubled our gross production capacity to over 2 billion cubic feet per day, with visibility to double again over the next decade. This high-margin production is comparable to the best onshore U.S. plays.
The Israeli government’s strong support, including the recently enacted natural gas framework, paved the way for the development of Leviathan. We’ve signed total sales contracts of over $15 billion for Leviathan gas, including domestic and export customers. Leviathan phase one first gas deliveries are targeted for the end of 2019.
MAINTAINING A HIGH QUALITY PORTFOLIO OF INVESTMENT CHOICES
We are benefitting from the range of opportunities provided by our premier portfolio. Beyond the Eastern Mediterranean, our offshore assets maintained their outstanding performance in 2016 and generated steady cash flow support to other business ventures. In the Gulf of Mexico, we brought the Gunflint tie-back project online and continued to see strong production from Big Bend and Dantzler. In Equatorial Guinea, we commenced production at mid-year from the non-operated B3 compression platform in the Alba field.
Our exploration program is focused on high-grading and adding inventory that can provide meaningful future impact to our business. We expect to participate in the drilling of a material prospect offshore Suriname late 2017. We also acquired interests in four new blocks covering close to 700,000 net acres offshore Newfoundland, Canada, each of which holds the potential for at least a billion barrel gross resource.
Maintaining a high-quality portfolio of investment choices means we are always testing whether some portion of our portfolio might be more valuable to someone else. Where appropriate, we look for opportunities to accelerate value for our shareholders by divesting assets that no longer fit our investment plans. In 2016, we realized $1.5 billion of divestiture proceeds to help concentrate our efforts and solidify our balance sheet.
  We demonstrated superior drilling and productivity performance.
  
 ENSURING ROBUST FINANCIAL CAPABILITY
Throughout the commodity price downturn, we continued to maintain our financial strength and flexibility, including our investment grade credit rating. To address the challenges of this environment, we cut our capital spending by approximately half from the previous year and managed our business within organic cash flow.
We ended the year with $5.2 billion in liquidity, paid down $850 million in debt, and accelerated our onshore program, while pre-funding the expected initial Leviathan spend. Unit
lease operating expenses were down nearly 20%, while unit general and administrative expenses were 15% lower year over year. By nearly any measure – volumes, product mix, cost control, cash generation – we did precisely what we said we would do all year, and more.
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE LEADERSHIP
Some of our greatest
accomplishments go beyond
our operational and financial results. We recognize that we have many stakeholders, including our shareholders, governments, non-governmental organizations and the communities in which we operate. We strive to be an active member in each of our communities, and are working with them as we live our purpose of Energizing the World, Bettering People’s Lives. We are proud to tell the stories of our commitment in our annual sustainability report, which we have now published for the last five years.
Safety is always our priority. We are pleased that in 2016 we set a company record low lost time incident rate, and matched the recordable incident rate record we established in 2015. We emphasize safety as a sustainable culture, setting the tone at the top through a dedicated Board of Directors committee.
We continue to enhance our operations to minimize impact on the environment and work with stakeholders to address concerns. In Colorado, for example, we collaborated with government
regulators and non-governmental organizations to develop and advance rational, science-based detection and controls for fugitive gas emissions.
We believe in the principles of strong governance, maintaining awareness of governance trends and shareholder concerns. We have ongoing risk management, compliance and ethics, and shareholder engagement programs. We work continually to improve transparency and clarity in our public disclosures. As one example, 2016 was the third year in which we held a first-place ranking
of all S&P 500 companies in the CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability.
LINE OF SIGHT
In 2016, Noble Energy performed at the highest levels I’ve seen in my 14 years with the company. We exceeded our original volume forecast by nearly 8% – 30 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day – driven by outperformance across all our operating areas. This was accomplished with much less capital than originally
planned. With our onshore U.S. productivity and cost improvements, the expansion in the Delaware Basin, and our progress on Leviathan, we have generated tremendous momentum.
Our growth outlook rivals any of our peers. I firmly believe our premier portfolio of assets, industry leading execution, and robust financial strength and flexibility will deliver superior long-term shareholder return.
I thank our Board of Directors for their guidance, our employees for their dedication and performance, and our shareholders for their continued trust and confidence.
David L. Stover
Chairman, President and CEO
 Our growth outlook rivals any of our peers.
   