                                          2007 SALES VOLUMES
   Rocky Mountains 26% Deepwater U.S. 12% Other U.S. 17%
West Africa 23% North Sea/Israel 16% Other International 6%
      We achieved a number of key objectives related to our exploration and production programs. Early in the year, we resumed our West Africa exploration program after waiting for over a year on the upgrade of a deepwater drillship.The 2007 exploration program in West Africa was one of the most significant in our company’s history and resulted in six successful wells out of seven drilled. At the end of this program, we not only appraised our 2005 Belinda discovery, but also discovered the Benita, Yolanda and Yoyo fields. Belinda, Benita and Yolanda are located in Equatorial Guinea and Yoyo is located just across the border in Cameroon. These new fields will be an important part of our growth for many years to come. Other important 2007 events that occurred in our international business included initial gas sales to a new liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant in Equatorial Guinea and the startup of the Dumbarton field in the North Sea. In addition, our natural gas sales in Israel grew 19 percent in 2007 and has grown every year since we started producing in 2004.
In the United States (U.S.), we continued a very active investment program in the Rocky Mountains. Wattenberg, our largest onshore field, contains an inventory of thousands of lower risk development projects, allowing us to grow its production and proven reserves. Elsewhere in the Rocky Mountains, we accelerated the drilling programs in the Piceance basin and Niobrara plays. Both areas showed significant drilling success, and we are expecting more growth in 2008. We continued our exploration and development work in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. During the year, we carried out a number of projects at our existing deepwater fields that not only helped maintain their production, but also added new resources. With our partner, we discovered Isabela in the deepwater offshore Louisiana. Following the discovery, we acquired offset acreage and are planning additional drilling in 2008.We were also a successful
bidder in the 2007 Central Gulf lease sale, allowing us to add several deepwater prospects to our inventory.
Our overall business model remains unchanged. It is simple and designed to help Noble Energy thrive in a variety of environments.The foundation is a portfolio of high-quality assets that are efficient and long-lived producers, yield high investment returns, and/or possess large inventories of future development opportunities.These lower risk development projects generate sustainable and durable near-term growth. Our exploration program has evolved into one that is almost entirely focused on significant and high impact opportunities. We supplement our portfolio with acquisitions of both producing properties and prospective acreage.This business model allows us to maintain capital discipline, while still growing our company. In times of strong commodity prices, it allows us to generate free cash flow to maintain our financial strength and provides substantial capacity to fund unique and unanticipated opportunities.
As we make plans to move Noble Energy to the next level of performance, our thoughts center on how to further improve our portfolio and processes. The energy industry is in a very dynamic period where innovative ideas are constantly opening up new areas for growth.We pursue a diversified portfolio of assets balanced between U.S. and international operating areas.We are also looking for opportunities to add to this portfolio and dispose of assets that are no longer core to us. Over the past year, we have expanded our U.S. positions in the New Albany shale, Piceance basin and Niobrara plays and announced the sale of our properties in Argentina – all changes that are consistent with our overall portfolio management strategies. Our exploration processes continue to evolve and improve through the application of better techniques and new technology. This has given us the confidence to grow our exploration program, leading
  
                                         -
 2007 RESERVES
  U.S. Liquids 23%
U.S. Gas 35% International Liquids 14% International Gas 28%
        us to incredible success in West Africa this past year.We have built a new ventures program that is designed to leverage our exploration expertise by identifying growth opportunities, sometimes in areas virtually unexplored by our industry.“Next level” thinking also applies to new drilling techniques.We have identified and applied best drilling practices, allowing us to substantially reduce costs and/or improve well performance. Once again, our West Africa drilling program provides a significant example where the drilling time to target depth was reduced by 50 percent, yielding substantial savings in drilling costs. In the Wattenberg field, we began testing a new drilling technique utilizing coiled tubing that reduced drilling times for new wells by almost half. In the Piceance basin, we are using rigs that are better able to drill multiple wells off single drill pads, thus reducing time, cost and environmental impact. We are also making significant investments in new business systems that give us better efficiency and flexibility as we account for and analyze our performance.
Our programs for 2008 are expected to build on the solid foundation established in 2006 and 2007. Our capital investment program for 2008 has been set at $1.6 billion and focuses on our core areas that have yielded our growth in recent years. Approximately three-quarters of our capital will be directed towards development projects and one-quarter to exploration. In the Rocky Mountains, we again plan to invest heavily in the Wattenberg, Piceance and Niobrara areas to take advantage of their huge inventories of lower risk development projects. We also plan to further test our New Albany shale acreage in Southern Indiana, where we recently brought new wells on production. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we plan to participate in several exploration prospects and bring on new production at South Raton and Ticonderoga. We are planning for ongoing development work at our core Mid-continent fields
and for the expansion of our drilling programs in East Texas.
Our international investment program will remain active in 2008. As a follow-up to the outstanding exploration success we experienced in West Africa in 2007, we are planning for further appraisal and exploration drilling this year, as well as beginning the important engineering work necessary to prepare for the development of our recent discoveries there. In addition, we are planning to test important exploration prospects offshore Israel and Suriname. It will be Noble Energy’s first well in Suriname. In Equatorial Guinea, we expect continued production growth in 2008 as a result of a full year of natural gas sales to the LNG plant. In late 2007, we approved the next phase of development of the Dumbarton field in the North Sea. Israel is continuing to build its natural gas pipeline infrastructure, thus expanding our customer base and increasing the demand for natural gas. Also scheduled for approval in 2008 is the expansion of the Cheng Dao Xi field in the Bohai Bay of China.This will be the first major expansion of the field since it first started up in early 2003.
We are pleased with our performance and are truly excited about what the future holds for Noble Energy. Our underlying asset portfolio shows great strength and durability as it provides strong production and a large inventory of investment opportunities. We continue to build our exploration inventory by seeking out new areas that will benefit from the application of innovative technology and processes.At the same time, we remain receptive to new ideas and opportunities that will help propel us to the next level of performance.We have come a long way in a very short period of time, but there is tremendous potential to further expand in the future.
  
                                           ANNUAL NET INCOME (in millions) 1000
800 600 400 200
ANNUAL SALES VOLUMES (MMBoe)
80 70 60 50 40 30 20 10
                       00 03 04 05 06 07
03 04 05 06 07
   Our progress and performance is clearly the result of incredible dedication and hard work exhibited by our employees. Noble Energy employees remain committed to efficiently finding, developing and producing important energy supplies, while providing superior returns to our shareholders.These employees are also dedicated to minimizing the impacts on the environment, preserving the safety of all involved and complying with complex laws and regulations. I could not be more proud of their significant achievements, and how they conduct Noble Energy’s business throughout the world.
We offer our thanks to Bruce A. Smith, who resigned from our board in 2008. Bruce joined the board in 2002 and was extremely helpful as we took Noble Energy through an important transformation in recent years.We welcome Scott D. Urban to our board. Scott joined us in 2007 and was previously an executive with Amoco and its successor BP.
On a final note, all of us at Noble Energy mourn the sudden and tragic passing of Robert K. Burleson, our Senior Vice President of Administration and Marketing. Bob is greatly missed as a friend as well as a significant contributor to our company. 2007 also saw the passing of Mary Jane Noble, wife of the late Sam Noble. As we complete our 75th year, we are reminded of the immense legacy the Noble family has left us.
On behalf of the Board of Directors and our employees, I want to thank all of our stakeholders for their continued confidence and support of Noble Energy.
  CHARLES D. DAVIDSON
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
  