 02
CORE Message to Shareholders
 A joint message
to our fellow shareholders from Charles D. Davidson (right) and David
L. Stover (left)
This year’s letter to you, our shareholders, is as much about the future as it is about the past.
projects at Big Bend, Dantzler and Gunflint that are expected to deliver more than 25,000 Boe per day of new production when they come on stream in late 2015 and 2016.
In the Eastern Mediterranean, our Tamar field continued to perform extremely well, increasing our Israel natural gas volumes 11 percent over 2013. We continue to focus on the further expansion of Tamar and initial development of the giant Leviathan field, more than twice the size of Tamar. Leviathan will need access to markets outside Israel to support its development. We originally believed this would require investments in LNG facilities, but our marketing teams have identified several substantial regional markets for the delivery of gas via pipelines. We have signed multiple letters of intent with customers in Jordan and Egypt. Once the necessary regulatory certainty is obtained, these markets should ultimately support both the expansion of Tamar and the development of Leviathan.
We have continued to streamline our portfolio to focus our resources on the best opportunities. This has resulted
in the sale of $2.5 billion of non-core assets over the past five years, prior to the recent pricing downturn. We also completed a successful initial public offering of CONE Midstream Partners in 2014 with net proceeds of $200 million to Noble Energy. CONE Midstream Partners, built utilizing Marcellus midstream assets contributed by Noble Energy and our joint-venture partner, should provide an efficient vehicle for future development of
the midstream infrastructure needed to support Marcellus development.
We responded successfully to a significant challenge in Colorado in 2014 when several statewide
 While we accomplished great things during 2014, we also experienced a rapidly
changing environment. This change in environment has resulted in swift and significant adjustments in investment plans by our industry, including Noble Energy. We want to discuss our 2014 results and how we are responding to the current environment.
2014 ACCOMPLISHMENTS
First looking at 2014, there are many highlights to note. Our $4.9 billion capital investment program yielded strong results including delivery of record sales volumes of 298,000 barrels of oil equivalent (Boe) per day, a 9 percent increase over 2013, or a 16 percent increase when normalized for divesti- tures. We also produced record total revenue of $5.1 billion for the year.
Our growth in sales volumes was primarily driven by our U.S. onshore drilling program, which included the aggressive development of the
DJ Basin in Colorado and the Marcellus Shale in Pennsylvania and West Virginia. Combined, these programs produced a 50 percent increase in horizontal sales volumes over the prior year and enabled us to replace 200 percent of our U.S. production with new reserves.
We also continued to make these programs more efficient and successful. We devoted a larger portion of our capital program to drilling higher- value extended-reach laterals in both the DJ Basin and the Marcellus. We also tested reduced well spacing and new completion techniques with positive results. These two unconventional plays have very deep inventories with cost structures that are among the most attractive in the United States.
We also experienced a number of other accomplishments in 2014:
In the Gulf of Mexico, we continued to develop three major deepwater
      
 03
 ballot initiatives were proposed that, if enacted, would have placed severe restrictions on the industry’s drilling activities. We engaged directly with all the stakeholders and, through a collaborative process, succeeded in having the ballot initiatives withdrawn and replaced by a process intended to find more constructive and collec- tive solutions.
Also in Colorado, we worked with the government, environmentalists and industry partners to develop progressive new air rules covering oil and natural gas development in the state. These rules are the first in the United States to regulate methane emissions from oil and natural gas drilling and production. We are proud of our role in helping to develop these rules, a positive step toward reducing the environmental impacts of energy development.
We are proud of not only what we accomplished in 2014, but also how we accomplished these results. At the top of the list is our focus on safety. According to standard industry measures, 2014 was our safest year ever. Our total recordable injury rate and lost time injury rate for combined Noble Energy employees and our contractors dropped to record lows.
LOOKING FORWARD
While the environment we face in 2015 is challenging, we believe we
are well-positioned for it with our high- quality and diversified portfolio, strong financial capacity and outstanding organizational capabilities. With dramatically lower commodity prices, now is the time not to accelerate production, but to maintain focus on cost reduction and capital efficiency. Our goal is to maintain sufficient financial capacity and flexibility to resume more aggressive development when the price environment improves. We also want to take advantage of opportunities
that arise in the near-term. Accordingly, we reduced our capital budget in 2015 approximately 40 percent to $2.9 billion. Even at this level, we expect to be able to grow our production approximately 5 percent, adjusted for assets divested in 2014. This modest growth from a much-reduced capital program is supported by our diverse portfolio of projects. And we are not sacrificing our future. We plan to continue exploring, although at reduced levels, and intend to test three very significant prospects in 2015.
As part of our risk-management strat- egy, we have been proactive in our hedging for 2015, with approximately 70 percent of global crude oil and
48 percent of U.S. natural gas hedged at attractive prices. Our international gas also acts as a great natural hedge and important contributor to our cash flow, highlighting the benefits of our diverse portfolio. We also enhanced our liquidity through $1.5 billion in long-term bond offerings at a very attractive interest rate in late 2014. We ended the year with $5.2 billion
in liquidity, including $1.2 billion in cash and $4 billion on our undrawn credit facility. We further enhanced our financial flexibility and liquidity through a $1 billion equity offering in early 2015.
BUILDING LONG-TERM VALUE
Cyclicality is not new to our industry. We have been through this before. We believe we are not only positioned to deliver value now, but also ready for the inevitable market recovery.
As we move forward, we will continue to demonstrate our core commitment to safe and responsible operations. This includes maintaining our focus on reducing the environmental impact of our operations and continuing
to engage with and support the communities where we live and operate.
The ultimate strength of our organi- zation comes from our people. Our strong leadership team, our skilled managers and staff, and our highly talented technical experts make our vision of “energizing the world and bettering people’s lives” a reality. We appreciate their commitment to safety and their hard work.
We also want to thank our shareholders, who entrust us with their confidence. We strive every day to live up to that responsibility.
Charles D. Davidson Chairman
David L. Stover President and CEO
    A NOTE FROM CHUCK
As highlighted by the dual shareholder letter, this has been a year of leadership transition for Noble Energy.
It has been a great personal honor and privilege over these past 14+ years to work with the outstanding employees
of Noble Energy and to serve you, our shareholders. Together we have accomplished much.
I have tremendous confidence in Dave Stover and his leader- ship team and look forward
to the many great outcomes that they and the entire Noble Energy organization will deliver in the future years.
Charles D. “Chuck” Davidson
    