    Coal Lake and the surrounding grasslands, a pristine wildlife habitat area benefiting farmers, ranchers and hunters, was donated by North American Coal and The Falkirk Mining Company’s customer as part of an environmental project to donate certain reclaimed land to the North Dakota Department of Transportation. Coal Lake was formed from one of the mining pits at the Falkirk Mine, which can be seen mining a new area in the distance.
 Introduction
To Our Stockholders
NACCO Industries, Inc., headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, is an operating holding company with a long-term objective of increasing stock- holder wealth, with a particular focus on taxable investors. The business of NACCO Industries
is conducted through three separate and independently managed subsidiaries, with a small core of people performing public company activities at the corporate headquarters.
selected value-added mining services for other natural resources companies.
The North American Coal Corporation, headquartered in Dallas, Texas, mines and markets steam and metallurgical coal for use in power generation and steel production and provides
The Kitchen Collection, LLC, headquartered in Chillicothe, Ohio, is a national specialty retailer of kitchenware operating under the Kitchen Collection® store name in outlet and traditional malls throughout the United States.
5
Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc., headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, is a leading designer, marketer and distributor of small electric household and specialty housewares appliances, as well as commercial products for restaurants, bars and hotels.
     
    North American Coal
more traditional business model, where NACoal provides the capital for the mine and sells coal produced to customers. These mines are referred to as the “consolidated mines” because they are consolidated in the Company’s financial state- ments. At Mississippi Lignite Mining Company (“MLMC”), coal is delivered to a single power plant which is adjacent to the mine. MLMC’s coal prices are fixed, but they escalate pursuant
Unconsolidated Mines
North American Coal (“NACoal”) employs a different business model than most other coal industry participants. A large majority of NACoal’s mines operate under contracts to supply coal to an individual customer’s power plant for a long period of time, often for decades. The mines and the customer facilities are in close proximity, often adjacent to one another. These contracts include “cost-plus” pricing terms under which NACoal’s compensation includes all operating costs, plus a comparatively small but consistent amount of agreed profit on tons or heating units (btu) delivered. All but two of NACoal’s coal mining operations operate pursuant to cost-plus contracts. This contractual approach also applies to NACoal’s value-added service operations, such as its Florida dragline mining operations, where NACoal personnel operate and maintain draglines for extraction of limerock at customer-owned limerock mines.
to established indices over time and are not subject to spot coal market fluctuations. MLMC’s contract expires in 2032.
While the pre-tax profits generated from these mines are included in NACoal’s income statement, these mines, which are referred to as the “unconsolidated mines,” are not consolidated in the Company’s financial statements. Financing for these mines is supported by, or in some instances, actually provided by customers to minimize costs. NACoal and its customers believe strongly that these long-term contracts fully align the long-term interests of the mine and the customer facility in a way that assures low costs for the customer over the long term. NACoal’s analysis of historical data supports that conclusion.
The Centennial Natural Resources coal mining business in Alabama, formerly known as Reed Minerals until the beginning of 2015, was acquired in August 2012 as the foundation of what was expected to become a metallurgical coal platform for NACoal. Key to this acquisition was an existing multi-year contract to sell a majority of the coal produced as steam coal for use by a significant U.S.-based public utility. NACoal viewed this contract as providing stability against the recognized volatility in the market for metallurgical coal, which accounted for the balance of Centennial’s coal production. Centennial is
the only part of NACoal’s business that has any exposure to fluctuations in spot coal prices.
Consolidated Mines
When this business was acquired in 2012, the Company believed the metallurgical coal market was at a relative low point. Market analysis at the time of the acquisition indicated that the metal- lurgical coal market was close to bottom and suggested that improvements in both price and demand were on the horizon. That analysis was proven to be incorrect as global demand for metallurgical coal has fallen significantly, including in important export markets such as China, and the price for metallurgical coal has deteriorated far beyond what NACoal expected. Customer
Two of NACoal’s coal mines, one in Mississippi and one in Alabama, operate pursuant to a
  6
   
 demand and pricing for all types of coal in the Alabama market have declined and remain weak. Clearly this result is very disappointing to us and to our stockholders. In addition, we now believe regulatory changes on the immediate horizon, including the Environmental Protection Agency’s costly and controversial Mercury and Air Toxics Standards regulation, which requires significant reductions in mercury emissions from power plants, will increase Centennial’s operating costs without corresponding increases in coal selling prices. These pricing, demand and regulatory pressures led to recognition of a very substantial non-cash impairment charge related to the Centennial mining operations’ long-lived assets
NACoal consistently ranks among the safest and most environmentally responsible coal mining companies in the country. In 2014, the Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) listed NACoal as the safest large coal mining company in the country. Safety is at the very core of NACoal’s culture, embedded deeply in employee training programs, operating procedures and best practices shared among all of NACoal’s operations.
7
for the fourth quarter of 2014. This non-cash accounting charge does not impact the Company’s cash flow from operations.
 A new dragline and surface miner were put into service in 2014 at North American Coal’s newest mine, Caddo Creek Resources Company, which commenced delivering coal in late 2014.
 NACoal faces a very difficult situation with the Centennial operation. Until markets improve, the Centennial business will be managed based on cash generation. The management team is right- sizing operations in line with conservative volume estimates, altering mining plans, investigating less costly coal processing methods, managing production volumes to optimize cash flow, evaluating capital employed and considering sales of non-core assets if appropriate. The Company believes that efforts to manage the business around conservative volume expectations and manage for cash will help position this business to take advantage of any rebound in the coal market that may occur over time.
Safety and Environmental Excellence
NACoal’s permitting, mining and reclamation activities utilize state-of-the-art technology and a commitment to excellence to ensure that activities comply with, or exceed, legal requirements. Work on the mine site is performed with the greatest degree of care to ensure that land is returned to a productive natural state. Frequently, NACoal employees and their families are farmers, ranchers and outdoorsmen who live near mining areas.
    
    They care deeply about the land, water and wildlife where they live and are excellent stewards. As representative evidence of this corporate and individual commitment to the environment, MLMC received one of only three 2014 Excellence in Surface Coal Mining Reclamation Awards from the U.S. Department of the Interior’s Office of Surface Mining and Reclamation.
to 2012, the outlook at Centennial is poor at this time due to low coal prices, low demand and the aforementioned regulatory challenges. We currently are not prepared to forecast significant GAAP earnings at Centennial, and will not until these price and demand conditions improve.
Strategic Initiatives and Long-Term View
NACoal expects to continue its record of operational excellence in safety, environmental stewardship and production at each of its mining operations and, over time, to deliver profitability that exceeds its financial objectives, with the exception of the Centennial operations.
NACoal’s unconsolidated operations, which constitute a large majority of its earnings and cash flow capabilities, provide a strong core to NACoal’s business model. NACoal has been very fortunate to enter into six new agreements over the last several years to develop new mines
Given the current unsupportive regulatory environment for developing new traditional coal-fired power plants, and based on lessons learned at Centennial, NACoal is taking a very disciplined approach with respect to growth. Opportunities may exist, although limited, to provide coal to customers for use other than as
a power-generation fuel, or to serve as a cost-plus contract miner for non-coal operations, such as aggregates or other minerals. Also, strategic growth could possibly come from projects based on new technologies that utilize coal, such as integrated gasification combined-cycle power generation, and production of alternative
or provide services to customers. Generally,
the power plants served by NACoal are among the lower-cost producers of electricity on their respective grids. NACoal expects to continue to be a low-cost miner of coal at existing mines and its mines in development, in support of customer needs. Over the longer term, NACoal’s goal is to increase earnings of its unconsolidated operations by approximately 50 percent by 2017 over 2012 results through the development and maturation of its new mines in development and normal escalation of contractual compensation at its existing unconsolidated mines. NACoal continues to anticipate it will achieve this goal.
fuels made from coal, as well as other clean
coal technologies and non-traditional products derived from coal. NACoal is working with a range of technical experts and potential partners who could help develop projects based on these advanced technologies. However, any significant growth in domestic opportunities is largely dependent on the United States adopting a more balanced energy policy in which coal continues to play a key role, including through new coal technologies.
NACoal also has had a goal of at least doubling the earnings contribution of its consolidated mining operations by 2017 from 2012 levels due to benefits from anticipated continued operational improvements at MLMC’s customer’s power plant and from the company’s execution of its long-term plan at the Centennial operations. While NACoal continues to expect meaningful improvements of financial results at the MLMC mine compared
NACoal believes that a large majority of consumers in the United States will benefit
8
    
 from a domestic energy policy that balances affordability, energy needs and environmental responsibility. The company believes that, for the foreseeable future, coal must remain an integral part of the nation’s total energy mix for the United States to continue to be competitive in a global economy. NACoal will continue to monitor pending regulations and legislation and will take a leadership role to help encourage reasonable regulation by the government. Importantly, NACoal expects to address currently anticipated changes to domestic environmental regulatory requirements by working collaboratively with its customers, trade associations, representatives of regulatory bodies, and government officials.
Overall, NACoal’s focus on safety and environmental compliance and its unusual but attractive business model, based largely on long- term cost reimbursable contracts, provide a solid foundation for all of the company’s coal and limerock mining operations, as well as stable cash flow before financing activities with minimal capital investment, other than at MLMC, which will continue to require ongoing replacement capital. NACoal will continue to pursue growth over the next few years mainly as the company’s new mines currently in development reach full production and by reaching its five-year targets for its consolidated and unconsolidated mines, other than Centennial.
9
Hamilton Beach Brands
Overview
 Hamilton Beach Brands’ (“HBB”) vision is to be a leading designer, marketer and distributor of small electric household, specialty housewares and commercial appliances sold worldwide under strong brand names and to achieve profitable growth from innovative solutions that improve everyday living.
 Hamilton Beach Brands’ new Wolf Gourmet® Blender, just one appliance in a line of luxury countertop appliances created through a licensing agreement with Sub-Zero Group, Inc. to enter the “only-the-best” market segment.
HBB develops and invests in several core competencies that are critical to achieving that vision. Most importantly HBB has a culture based on a foundation of Good ThinkingTM. Whether developing innovation to address consumers’ unmet needs, solving a challenge in the supply chain or partnering with a retail customer, HBB’s Good ThinkingTM culture provides a competitive advantage. The only way to achieve that culture is by hiring and retaining talented and dedicated employees globally. In addition, HBB believes it
is best in class at sourcing and logistics as well as support systems to meet the needs of retail and commercial customers. HBB pursues market and
     
    Products available from Hamilton Beach Brands’ new acquisition Weston Brands, include, clockwise from top: Weston® Fruit & Wine Press, Weston® Pro Series Meat Grinder, Weston® Professional Advantage Vacuum Sealer, Weston® Electric Pasta Machine and Weston® Cabbage Shredder
  product development expertise to help ensure products delight consumers across the most desirable market opportunities. Finally, HBB maintains and invests in a strong brand portfolio to increase customer and consumer confidence that HBB’s family of products is right for them.
 Strategic Initiatives and Long-Term View
HBB’s vision includes delivering growth above historic rates to reach sales of approximately $750 million over the next four to five years. As the company moves toward this target sales level, HBB expects to take advantage of increasing economies of scale to improve return on sales by focusing on its five key strategic initiatives.
First, HBB is focused on enhancing place- ments in the North American consumer business through consumer-driven innovative products and strong sales and marketing support. The company’s product and placement track record is strong due to innovation processes centered on understanding and meeting end-user needs and focusing on quality and best-in-class customer service. In the North American consumer market, HBB believes it has a stronger and deeper portfolio of new products than its competitors. HBB expects its product pipeline in 2015 and beyond to be at or above 2014 levels, leveraging strong brands and best-in-class products.
In pursuit of growing placements, HBB acquired the Weston Products business (now called Weston Brands) near the end of 2014. Weston Brands markets and distributes appliances and accessories under the proprietary Weston® brand and private label brands for consumers who are hunters, gardeners and food enthusiasts who have a passion for Farm-to-Table and Field-to-Table foods, and for knowing the origin of their food. The U.S. population participating in the Field-to-
Table segment has grown almost 10 percent over the past decade. In the Farm-to-Table segment, about one-third of the U.S. population participates in gardening or home harvesting. As interest in home harvesting, farmers’ markets and more wholesome food choices continues to expand, this acquisition is expected to deliver growth at a rate at or above HBB’s core kitchen appliance business.
A second area of growth opportunity is through the enhancement of online sales and
  10
 
    communications. In the past few years, online sales of small kitchen appliances have grown significantly. During 2014, approximately 17 percent of small kitchen appliances were purchased online. Retailers are looking for partners that can provide not only products, but also the capabilities and support for promotion, marketing and distribution programs appropriate for that channel. As consumers’ shopping habits evolve to rely more on the Internet, HBB is focused on providing best-in-class retailer support, increasing engagement with end users, including maintaining a website that is appropriate for mobile devices, and enhancing its programs designed to make HBB the preferred source for small appliances.
growth markets of Asia and Latin America by increasing product offerings designed specifically for those market needs and by expanding distribution channels and sales and marketing capabilities. HBB’s historical strength has been
in the North American consumer goods market, with approximately 20 percent of its total sales occurring outside the United States in 2014. HBB’s objective is to increase international sales to 35 to 45 percent of total sales by concentrating on key markets. HBB’s efforts will focus on continuing to expand its positions in Mexico, Canada, Central America and South America, as well as in the emerging markets of China, India and Brazil. To achieve this growth, HBB is working to enhance its understanding of local consumers’ needs, increasing sales and marketing resources allocated to these markets and developing products to meet those needs, especially in the mid- to high- end segments of these markets. HBB began selling retail products in China in 2013, and in Brazil and India in 2014. HBB expects to increase sales in these areas in 2015.
Third, in 2014 HBB announced its entry
into the “only-the-best” high-end small kitchen appliance market segment through multi-year licensing agreements with the Sub-Zero Group, Inc. and the Jamba Juice Company. HBB and Sub–Zero Group will be launching a full line of Wolf Gourmet® branded small kitchen appliances and cooking tools in 2015 for sale in high-end retail channels, in Sub-Zero and Wolf showrooms and on the Internet. This “only-the-best” segment is a strong growth opportunity area in which HBB has not previously participated. This segment accounts for approximately one-third of the U.S. small kitchen appliance market, and its target consumer is financially strong. The company also is currently working with the Jamba Juice Company to create a product line focused on blending and juicing under the Jamba® brand. HBB will introduce the first Jamba® branded products in 2015. HBB is pursuing other opportunities to create additional product lines that can be distributed in high-end or specialty stores and on the Internet.
Fifth, while HBB has a solid position in
the commercial market, it continues to focus
on achieving further penetration of the global commercial market through a commitment to an enhanced global product line for chains and distributors serving the global food service and hospitality markets. HBB is enhancing its global commercial product line, particularly with new innovative blending and mixing platforms, and strengthening its food service and hospitality offerings in order to achieve further market penetration in this segment. Over the near term, HBB anticipates continuing to build distribution capabilities and resources in the international food service market, where products and services will be directed at global food service chains.
Fourth, HBB is focused on expanding its retail presence internationally in the emerging
11
      
   HBB is optimistic that it will be able to build on the momentum achieved in 2014 by focusing on these five strategic initiatives as a solid set of strategies for profitable growth. HBB believes
it is well-positioned to continue its leadership position in the small kitchen appliances industry. Achieving its $750 million sales objective will help move the company toward achieving
its near-term financial objective of 8 percent operating profit margin and its long-term financial objective of a minimum 10 percent operating profit margin in the years ahead. It also expects to continue to be a substantial generator of cash flow before financing activities, with a continued low level of capital expenditures required.
Kitchen Collection
During 2014, Kitchen Collection closed a significant number of stores early in the year and opened a smaller number of stores toward the end of the year. By the end of 2014, essentially most of the stores with recurring poor results were closed or were scheduled for closure in early 2015. As part of this process, the remaining Le Gourmet Chef® outlet stores will be evaluated, and some may be converted to Kitchen Collection® stores. The company will also continue to evaluate and, as lease contracts permit, close or restructure leases for underperforming stores.
 Kitchen Collection’s vision is to be a leading specialty retailer of kitchenware in outlet malls and to a lesser degree traditional malls through- out the United States. However, to achieve this vision, Kitchen Collection must increase the number of customers coming into its stores, which is difficult in an environment in which many of its target consumers are financially stressed. High unemployment or underemployment, fewer two- income families and lower rates of household formation have resulted in fewer visits to many of the malls and outlets where Kitchen Collection has store locations. In addition, intense competitive pressure for value has resulted in additional discounting and brought margins under pressure. In this environment, not all malls where Kitchen Collection maintains stores are doing well. In the strong malls in which Kitchen Collection has a good store position, its stores do well, but stores in struggling malls with poor store locations are not doing well, despite improvements to the Kitchen Collection® store format over the past few years.
Kitchen Collection has a strong core in its Kitchen Collection® store format in outlet malls. In the near term, Kitchen Collection expects to add stores cautiously and focus its growth on
its Kitchen Collection® store format, with new stores expected to be located in sound positions in strong outlet malls. As the company reaches a solid core store portfolio, focus will shift to comparable store sales growth. Kitchen Collection expects to accomplish this by enhancing sales volume and profitability through continued refinement of its format and ongoing review of specific product offerings, merchandise mix, store displays and appearance, while continuing to improve inventory efficiency and store inventory controls. A particular focus will be on increasing sales of higher-margin products. Nonetheless, at current mall and store traffic levels, reaching the company’s 5 percent operating profit margin target will be challenging.
12
Overall, Kitchen Collection is dealing with a difficult environment and evolving aggressively in a constructive manner. Capital expenditures are expected to be modest, with generation of positive cash flow before financing activities expected.
   
 Conclusion and NACCO Outlook
the stock repurchase program the Company announced in November 2013, which permits the repurchase of up to $60 million of the Company’s outstanding Class A common stock. Under a previous stock repurchase program which ran from November 2011 to November 2013, the Company repurchased approximately 624,000 shares of Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $35.6 million.
nnn
We would like to recognize Jack Turben, who chose to retire from the NACCO and subsidiary Boards this past May, after serving for 17 years. He also served as chair of our Finance Committee. Jack brought unique and valuable perspectives to the Board from his experiences as a real pioneer and leader in the private equity arena. We appreciate his many contributions and wish him well in retirement.
NACCO is a strong, multi-industry company with leading businesses in the mining and small appliances industries. The Company continues to believe HBB’s growth opportunities are significant. While growth opportunities also are significant at NACoal, they are largely based on growth at existing mines and those in development. Both HBB and NACoal will be prudent in pursuing
any new opportunities. NACCO is confident that NACoal and HBB have the right strategic initiatives in place to move them closer to achieving their long-term growth and financial objectives. Kitchen Collection’s long-term prospects at this time are uncertain, but its near-term prospects are positive and should improve significantly. NACCO is well positioned to support its individual businesses
in the years ahead. Each subsidiary is benefitting from programs previously put in place which, when combined with the initiatives now being implemented, should improve income and return on total capital employed at each business over the next few years. In addition, the Company expects each business to generate significant cash flow before financing over time, which it expects to use mainly to pay dividends, repurchase stock when that is an attractive investment for
its stockholders, and reduce debt.
In closing, we would like to thank all of our subsidiaries’ customers, retailers and suppliers, and all of NACCO’s stockholders, for their continued support. Most importantly, we would also like to thank all employees of NACCO and its subsidiary companies for their continued hard work. We continue to have great confidence
in the management teams leading each of our subsidiaries and the parent company, and we are confident these teams can successfully implement their respective strategic initiatives
to enhance the Company’s sales and profits over the next few years.
As of December 31, 2014, NACCO had repurchased 680,013 shares of its Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $36.0 million, including $35.1 million of stock purchased during 2014. These purchases were made under
   Alfred M. Rankin, Jr.
Robert L. Benson
Gregory H. Trepp
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer NACCO Industries, Inc.
President and Chief Executive Officer The North American Coal Corporation
President and Chief Executive Officer Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc.
Chief Executive Officer
The Kitchen Collection, LLC
13
      