  Camino Real Fuels’ Eagle Pass mine in Texas began delivering coal to its customer in 2015.
A Wirtgen© surface miner is used to extract coal, ensuring specific quality parameters are met.
 Introduction
To Our Stockholders
NACCO Industries, Inc., headquartered
in Cleveland, Ohio, is an operating holding company with an established objective of increasing long-term shareholder wealth, with a particular focus on taxable investors. The business of NACCO Industries is conducted through three separate and independently managed subsidiaries, with a small core of people performing public company activities at the corporate headquarters.
provides selected value-added mining services for other natural resources companies.
The North American Coal Corporation, headquartered in Dallas, Texas, mines coal primarily for use in power generation and
The Kitchen Collection, LLC, headquartered in Chillicothe, Ohio, is a national specialty retailer of kitchenware operating under the Kitchen Collection® store name in outlet and traditional malls throughout the United States.
5
Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc., headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, is a leading designer, marketer and distributor of small electric house- hold and specialty housewares appliances, as well as commercial products for restaurants, bars and hotels.
 
  North American Coal
NACoal entered into a new 15-year agree- ment in 2015 to operate a mine for the Navajo Transitional Energy Company (NTEC). Under this agreement NACoal, through a new wholly owned subsidiary named Bisti Fuels, will act as NTEC’s contract miner at NTEC’s Navajo Mine, a surface coal mine located within the Navajo Nation near Fruitland, New Mexico. Similar to most of NACoal’s other mining agreements, the agreement with NTEC is a cost-plus arrangement, under which NTEC will reimburse Bisti for all operating costs of the mine, provide the capital required to operate the mine and pay NACoal an agreed fee per btu of heating value delivered. Production
is expected to be 5 million to 6 million tons of coal per year. NTEC will deliver that coal to the third-party owners of the nearby Four Corners Generating Station.
North American Coal’s mines operate under contracts to supply coal to an individual customer’s power plant or coal processing facility for a long period of time, often for decades. The mines and the customer facilities are in close proximity, often adjacent to one another. NACoal also provides value-added services, such as operating and maintaining draglines for limerock producers, and operating and maintaining a coal processing system for
a customer’s power plant.
Unconsolidated Mines
NACoal employs a business model that differs from most other coal industry participants. All but one of NACoal’s contracts include “cost- plus” pricing terms under which NACoal’s compen- sation includes reimbursement of all operating costs, plus a comparatively small but consistent amount of agreed profit on coal tons or heating units (btu) delivered. Each contract specifies the indices and mechanics by which agreed profits change over time, generally in line with broad measures of inflation. Financing for these mines is supported by, or in some instances actually provided by, their respective customers in order to minimize costs and are without recourse to NACoal or NACCO.
Consolidated Mines
These mines are referred to as “unconsoli- dated mines” because they are not consolidated in the Company’s financial statements. The pre- tax profits generated from these mines are shown separately in the Company’s income statement as “Earnings of unconsolidated mines.” NACoal and its customers believe strongly that the structure of these long-term contracts fully aligns long-term interests of the mine and the customer in a way that assures low costs for the customer over the long term. NACoal’s analysis of historical data supports that conclusion.
This mine is referred to as a “consolidated mine” because its results are consolidated in the Company’s financial statements. Mississippi Lignite Mining Company (MLMC) delivers coal
to a single power plant adjacent to the mine. MLMC’s sales prices are not subject to spot coal market fluctuations since MLMC sells coal to
its customer at a contractually agreed-upon price which adjusts monthly, primarily based on changes in the level of established indices over time. The indices include cost components such as labor and diesel fuel. The price of diesel fuel is heavily weighted among these indices. The recent substantial decline in diesel fuel prices is expected to reduce 2016 earnings as a moderate increase in tons sold and the beneficial effect of lower diesel prices on production costs will only partially
NACoal has a coal mine located in Mississippi that operates pursuant to a more traditional business model in which NACoal pays all operating costs and provides the capital for the mine.
 6
 
 offset the reduction in sales prices. MLMC’s contract with its customer expires in 2032.
NACoal consistently ranks among the safest and most environmentally responsible coal mining companies in the country. In 2015, the National Mining Association ranked NACoal among the safest coal mining companies in the United States based on the Mine Safety and Health Administration (MSHA) 2015 incident rate. Safety is at the very core of NACoal’s culture, embedded deeply in employee training programs, operating procedures and best practices shared among
all of NACoal’s operations.
During the third quarter of 2015, NACoal’s management recommended and its Board of Directors approved cessation of coal production at the Centennial Natural Resources business
in Alabama by the end of 2015. The cessation of coal production at Centennial occurred during the fourth quarter of 2015, eliminating NACoal’s only direct exposure to coal market price volatility. Centennial will continue to evaluate strategies to maximize cash flow, including through the sale of mineral reserves, equipment and parts inventory. However, cash expenditures related to mine reclamation at Centennial will continue until
NACoal’s permitting, mining and reclamation activities utilize state-of-the-art technology and a commitment to excellence to ensure that activities comply with, or exceed, legal requirements. Work on mine sites is performed with the greatest degree of care to ensure that land is returned
7
reclamation is complete or ownership of the mines is transferred. NACoal is also evaluating a range of strategies for its Alabama mineral reserves, including holding reserves with substantial unmined coal tons for sale or contract mining when conditions in Alabama and global coal markets improve.
 North American Coal signed a new agreement to operate a surface mine located within the Navajo Nation, near Fruitland, New Mexico. Pictured left to right are Rick Ziegler, President of NACoal’s subsidiary, Bisti Fuels Company, which will operate the mine, Navajo Nation President Russell Begaye, and J.C. Butler, President and Chief Executive Officer of North American Coal.
 Value-added Services
NACoal’s “cost-plus” business model also applies to its value-added services operations. NACoal personnel operate and maintain drag- lines for extraction of limerock at independent customer-owned limerock quarries in Florida. This business is operated as a division of NACoal and its financial results are included in the results of consolidated operations.
NACoal also operates a coal processing system for a power plant customer pursuant to a cost-plus arrangement.
Safety and Environmental Excellence
to a productive natural state. Frequently, NACoal employees and their families are farmers,
 
   ranchers and outdoorsmen who live near mining areas. They care deeply about the land, water and wildlife where they live, and are excellent stewards. As evidence of this corporate and individual commitment to the environment, NACoal’s Coteau Properties Company received the inaugural 2015 Distinction in Reclamation Award. This award was given by the American Society of Mining and Reclamation for construction of a lake and reclamation of surrounding grasslands on mined land, which were donated by Coteau to the North Dakota Game and Fish Department for public use.
low U.S. inflation rates, as reflected in typical market indices such as the Consumer Price Index and the Producer Price Index, will determine the extent to which contractual compensation at the unconsolidated mines will change year by year. Achievement of the goal to increase earnings
of the unconsolidated mines by 50 percent is currently expected to occur in 2017 or 2018, but timing will depend on future inflation rates and customer demand.
Strategic Initiatives and Long-term View
At MLMC, NACoal’s only operating consoli- dated mine, profits are determined by customer demand for coal, index-based coal prices, and actual operating costs incurred. As previously mentioned, as long as low diesel prices persist MLMC’s earnings will be affected. NACoal will focus efforts on increasing sales, reducing costs and evaluating capital requirements at MLMC.
NACoal’s unconsolidated operations, which constitute a large majority of its earnings and cash flow capabilities, provide a strong core that is central to NACoal’s business model. NACoal has been very fortunate to enter into eight new agreements over the last several years to develop or operate new mines, or provide value-added services to customers. With the exception of Centennial, these arrangements have all been structured as cost-plus contracts. Camino Real began delivering coal to its customer during the fourth quarter of 2015, Coyote Creek will begin delivering coal to its customer mid-2016, and Liberty Fuels’ and Bisti Fuels’ customers have indicated they expect to begin accepting deliveries during the second half of 2016.
Generally, the power plants served by NACoal are lower-cost producers of electricity on their respective grids. NACoal expects to continue to be a low-cost miner of coal at existing mines and its mines in development.
Over the longer term, NACoal’s goal continues to be to increase earnings of its unconsolidated mines by approximately 50 percent from the 2012 level of $45.2 million through the development and maturation of its newer mines and normal escala- tion of contractual compensation at its existing mines. Income related to a full year of deliveries at the Camino Real mine, the commencement of deliveries at the Liberty Fuels and Coyote Creek mines and income at Bisti Fuels will contribute to this goal in 2016 and beyond. However, generally
Given the current unsupportive regulatory environment for developing new traditional coal- fired power plants, and based on lessons learned at Centennial, NACoal is taking an extremely disciplined approach with respect to growth. This includes thoughtful consideration of NACoal’s core skills, strengths and relationships. Opportunities may exist to serve as a cost-plus contract miner for those who continue to need coal for power generation or other processes using coal. NACoal is well suited to serve as a cost-plus contract miner in non-coal mining operations, such as aggregates or other minerals. Also, strategic growth could come from projects based on new technologies that utilize coal, such as integrated gasification combined cycle power generation, and production of alternative fuels made from coal, as well as other clean coal technologies and non-traditional
8
   
 products derived from coal. NACoal is working with a range of technical experts and potential partners who could help develop projects based on these technologies. However, any significant growth
integral part of the nation’s total energy mix for the United States to continue to be competitive in a global economy. NACoal will continue to monitor pending regulations and legislation and will take a leadership role to help encourage reasonable regulation by the government. Importantly, NACoal expects to continue to address changes to domestic environmental regulatory requirements by working collaboratively with its customers, trade associations, representatives of regulatory bodies, and government officials.
in domestic coal mining opportunities is largely dependent on the United States adopting a more balanced energy policy in which coal continues to play a key role, including through new coal technologies. Developing new opportunities and securing new contracts is a long-term initiative that will take time. This is a significant strategic priority at NACoal.
Overall, NACoal’s attractive but unusual business model, based largely on long-term cost- reimbursable contracts, provides a solid foundation for all of the company’s coal and limerock mining operations. This business model offers generally stable cash flow before financing activities with minimal capital investment, other than at MLMC, which will continue to require ongoing replacement capital. NACoal will continue to pursue growth over the next few years mainly as the company’s newer mines reach full production. NACoal expects to continue its record of operational excellence in safety, environmental stewardship and production at each of its mining operations and, over time, to deliver profitability that exceeds its financial objectives.
NACoal believes that a large majority of consumers in the United States will benefit from a domestic energy policy which balances affordability, energy needs and environmental responsibility. The company believes that, for the foreseeable future, coal must remain an
 Hamilton Beach’s focus on consumer-driven innovation led to the development of the following products (clockwise from bottom right): Digital SimplicityTM Rice Cooker, Breakfast Burrito Maker, 8-Cup Food Processor, FlexBrew® Programmable Single Serve Coffee maker with Hot Water Dispenser,
Set & Forget® Programmable Slow Cooker, and Easy ReachTM Convection Oven.
 9
Hamilton Beach Brands
Overview
Hamilton Beach Brands’ (HBB) vision is to
be a leading designer, marketer and distributor of small electric household and specialty house- wares appliances, as well as commercial products sold worldwide under preferred brand names and to achieve profitable growth from innovative solutions that improve everyday living.
HBB develops and invests in several core competencies that are critical to achieving that vision. Most importantly HBB has a culture based on a foundation of Good ThinkingTM. Whether
 
 developing innovation to address consumers’ unmet needs, solving a challenge in the supply chain or partnering with a retail customer, HBB’s Good ThinkingTM culture provides a meaningful competitive advantage. The only way to maintain that culture is by hiring and retaining talented and dedicated employees globally. In addition, HBB believes it is best in class at sourcing and logistics as well as support systems to meet the needs of retail and commercial customers. HBB pursues market and product development expertise to help ensure that its products delight consumers across the most desirable market opportunities. Finally, HBB maintains and invests in a strong brand portfolio to increase customer and consumer confidence that HBB’s family of products is right for them.
strong brand portfolio which includes Proctor Silex®, Hamilton Beach®, Weston®, Wolf Gourmet® and Jamba®.
 Hamilton Beach Brands’ Wolf Gourmet® Countertop Oven is the flagship product in a line of luxury countertop appliances created through a licensing agreement with Sub-Zero Group, Inc.
 Strategic Initiatives and Long-term View
A second area of growth opportunity is through the enhancement of online sales and communications. In the past few years, online sales of small kitchen appliances have grown significantly. During 2015, over 20 percent of small kitchen appliance category dollars were purchased online. Retailers are looking for partners that can provide not only products, but also the capabilities and support for promotion, marketing and distribution programs appropriate for the online channel. As consumers’ shopping habits evolve to rely more on the Internet, HBB
is focused on providing best-in-class retailer support, increasing engagement with end users, including maintaining a website that is appropriate for mobile devices, and enhancing its programs designed to make HBB the preferred partner for small appliances.
HBB’s vision includes delivering sales of approximately $750 million over the next three to five years by focusing on its five key strategic initiatives. As the company moves toward this target sales level, HBB expects to take advantage of increasing economies of scale to improve return on sales.
First, HBB is focused on enhancing placements in the North American consumer business through consumer-driven innovative products and strong sales and marketing support. The company’s product and placement track record is strong due to innovation processes centered on understanding and meeting end-user needs and focusing on quality and best-in-class customer service. In the North American consumer market, HBB believes it has a stronger and deeper portfolio of new products than its competitors. HBB will continue to introduce new products across a wide range of brands, price points and categories in both the retail and commercial marketplace, leveraging its
Third, HBB has increased focus and invest- ment around our strategy to become a leader in the “only-the-best” high-end small appliance
  10
 
  market segment. This segment accounts for approximately one-third of the U.S. small kitchen appliance market, and the target consumer is financially strong. This “only-the-best” segment offers a strong growth opportunity in an area
HBB’s objective is to increase international sales to 35 to 45 percent of total sales by concentrating on key markets. HBB’s efforts will focus on continuing to expand its established positions in Mexico, Canada, Central America and South America as well as further expanding HBB’s position in the emerging markets of China and Brazil. HBB expects to pursue other markets by selectively leveraging primarily the Hamilton Beach and Wolf Gourmet brands. To achieve this growth, HBB is working
in which HBB has not previously participated. In 2014, HBB announced its entry into the “only-the- best” high-end small kitchen appliance market segment through multi-year licensing agreements with the Sub-Zero Group, Inc. and the Jamba Juice Company. HBB and Sub–Zero Group launched a full line of Wolf Gourmet® branded small kitchen appliances and cooking tools in 2015 for sale in high-end retail channels, in Sub-Zero and Wolf showrooms, and on the Internet. Hamilton Beach secured its lead distribution partners for the Wolf Gourmet® branded products in 2015 and expects to add additional distribution channels in 2016 both domestically and in its Canadian and Mexican markets. The company is also working with the Jamba Juice Company and launched a product line focused on blending and juicing under the Jamba® brand in 2015. HBB is pursuing other opportunities to create additional product lines that can be distributed in high-end or specialty stores and on the Internet, including the introduction of the Hamilton Beach® Professional premium line of counter-top kitchen appliances.
to enhance its understanding of local consumers’ needs, developing products to meet those needs and increasing sales and marketing resources allocated to these markets, especially in the mid- to high-end segments. HBB began selling retail products in China in 2013, and in Brazil in 2014. HBB expects to increase sales in these areas
Fourth, HBB is focused on expanding its retail presence internationally in the emerging growth markets of Asia and Latin America by increasing product offerings designed specifically for those market needs and by expanding distribution channels and sales and marketing capabilities. While HBB has a long-standing presence in the global commercial products market, HBB’s historical strength in the retail segment has been in the U.S. consumer goods market, with approximately 20 percent of its total sales occurring outside the United States in 2015.
the commercial market, it continues to focus
on achieving further penetration of the global commercial market through a commitment to
an enhanced global product line for chains and distributors serving the global food service and hospitality markets. HBB is enhancing its global commercial product line, particularly with new innovative juicing, blending and mixing platforms, and strengthening its food service and hospitality offerings in order to achieve further market penetration in this segment. Over the near term, HBB anticipates continuing to build distribution capabilities and resources in the international food service market, where products and services will be directed at global food service chains.
11
in 2016.
Fifth, while HBB has a leading position in
HBB made significant progress in most segments of the business in 2015. Momentum is building in its core business and from efforts resulting from its Strategic Initiatives. HBB is optimistic that it will be able to build on that momentum in the years ahead. HBB believes
 
 it is well-positioned to continue its leadership position in the small appliance industry. Achieving its $750 million sales objective will help move the company toward achieving its near-term financial objective of 8 percent operating profit margin and its long-term financial objective of
a minimum 10 percent operating profit margin in the years ahead. It also expects to continue to be a substantial generator of cash flow before financing activities, with a continued low level
of capital expenditures required.
merchandise mix, store displays and appearance and enhancing customers’ store experience through improved customer interactions. A particular focus will be on increasing sales of higher-margin products. Nonetheless, at current mall and store traffic levels, reaching the company’s long-term 5 percent operating profit margin target will be challenging.
Kitchen Collection
Overall, Kitchen Collection is dealing with a difficult environment and evolving aggressively
in a constructive manner. To achieve its vision, Kitchen Collection must increase the number
of customers coming into its stores and its sale closure rate with these customers. Kitchen Collection believes its remaining stores are well- positioned to allow the company to perform at close to break-even in the current challenging environment and to take advantage of any future market rebound. The company will continue to evaluate and, as lease contracts permit, terminate or restructure leases for underperforming stores. Capital expenditures are expected to be modest, with generation of positive cash flow before financing activities expected.
Kitchen Collection’s vision is to be a leading specialty retailer of kitchenware in outlet malls and to a lesser degree traditional malls through- out the United States. Constrained discretionary income, lower rates of household formation and increased online shopping have resulted in fewer visits to many of the malls and outlets where Kitchen Collection has store locations. In this environment, not all malls where Kitchen Collection maintains stores have been adequately profitable. Kitchen Collection closed nearly 100 stores during 2014 and 2015 due to a rigorous and strategic review of the short-term and long-term prospects of each location. As part of that process, Kitchen Collection determined it was important to focus on the Kitchen Collection brand, which resulted in the closure of all remaining Le Gourmet Chef® stores.
Conclusion and NACCO Outlook
As the business moves into 2016, Kitchen Collection has a strong core in its Kitchen Collection® store format in outlet malls. While the company continues to optimize its store portfolio with stores in high-traffic locations in strong outlet malls, the focus is now shifting to comparable store sales growth. Kitchen Collection expects to accomplish this by increasing closure rates through continued refinement of its format, ongoing review of specific product offerings,
NACCO is a strong, multi-industry company with leading businesses in the mining and small appliances industries. The Company continues to believe HBB’s growth opportunities are significant. NACCO is confident that HBB has the right strategic initiatives in place to move it closer to achieving its long-term growth and financial objectives. While growth opportunities also are significant
at NACoal, they are largely based on growth at existing and newer mines. Both HBB and NACoal will be prudent in pursuing any new opportunities. Kitchen Collection’s long-term prospects at this time are uncertain, but its near-term prospects are positive and should improve. NACCO is
12
 
   well-positioned to support its individual businesses in the years ahead. Each subsidiary is benefitting from programs previously put in place which, when combined with the initiatives now being implemented, should improve income and return on total capital employed at each business over the next few years. In addition, the Company expects each business to generate significant cash flow before financing over time, which it expects to use mainly to pay dividends, repurchase stock, when that is an attractive investment for its shareholders, and reduce debt. Of course, NACoal and HBB will continue to look for internal and external opportunities to expand their range of activities in the long term.
Bob began his career with NACoal in 1976 as Senior Mining Engineer responsible for supervising facility construction and overseeing contract administration at the Falkirk Mine, which was in development. He was promoted to Production Manager of the Falkirk Mine in 1979, and named Manager of the Indian Head Mine in 1983. Bob was President of Coteau’s Freedom Mine from 1990 to 1997, when he was asked to lead the construction and startup of MLMC’s Red Hills Mine as its first General Manager. Bob assumed the additional role of VP, Eastern and Southern Operations in 2001, and became Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of NACoal in 2005. Bob served as President and Chief Executive Officer of NACoal from 2006 to 2015. Under Bob’s leadership NACoal grew significantly, with the addition of eight new mining and services contracts. We appreciate Bob’s many contributions, and wish him well in retirement.
In the fourth quarter of 2015, NACCO completed its $60 million Class A stock repur- chase program, which had been announced
in November 2013. In total, NACCO purchased approximately 1,123,000 shares of its Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price
of $60.0 million, including $24.0 million of
stock purchased during 2015. Under a previous stock repurchase program, which ran from November 2011 to November 2013, the Company repurchased approximately 624,000 shares
of Class A common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $35.6 million.
In closing, we would like to thank all of our subsidiaries’ customers, retailers and suppliers, and all of NACCO’s stockholders, for their continued support. Most importantly, we would also like to thank all employees of NACCO and its subsidiary companies for their continued hard work. We continue to have great confidence in the management teams leading each of our subsidiaries and the parent company, and we are confident these teams can successfully implement their respective strategic initiatives to enhance the Company’s sales and profits over the next few years.
nnn
We would like to recognize Bob Benson, who retired from NACoal during 2015 after serving the Company in an exemplary way for over 39 years.
J.C. Butler, Jr.
   Alfred M. Rankin, Jr.
Gregory H. Trepp
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer NACCO Industries, Inc.
President and Chief Executive Officer The North American Coal Corporation
President and Chief Executive Officer Hamilton Beach Brands, Inc.
Chief Executive Officer
The Kitchen Collection, LLC
 13
 