2In 2000, City National achieved its fifth consecutiveyear of record earnings — our net income rose to$131.7 million — and its sixth consecutive year ofdouble-digit year-over-year earnings growth, with again of 22%. For the first time, City National’s assetsexceeded $9 billion, deposits reached $7.4 billion,loans were $6.5 billion and assets under administrationor management were over $18 billion.We entered the dynamic Northern Californiamarket with our acquisition of The Pacific Bank,N.A. and we completed our first acquisition of anindependent asset management firm: Reed,Conner & Birdwell, Inc. We completed a five-yearprogram that, for the first time, has establishednine full-service regional banking centers and 48banking offices from San Diego to San Francisco.And we added important new products, colleaguesand services. We have thus achieved a critical massof people, facilities and capabilities to effectivelyserve California’s most attractive markets andcontinue to build on our relationships with manyof California’s affluent individuals, entrepreneurs,professionals, investors and small- tomid-sized businesses.All these actions together allowed City National tocontinue to enhance its position as California’sPremier Private and Business BankSM — and as thesecond-largest independent bank headquarteredin California.We remain focused on California, the world’ssixth-largest economy, with a $1.1 trillion grossdomestic product. We enjoy an economic landscapewith tremendous strengths and opportunities,despite some short-term uncertainties.City National maintains a disciplined approach tocredit quality and takes care to maintain adequateallowances. Further, we apply our technology,innovation and management skill to controlexpenses, raise productivity and sustain a strongbalance sheet. We pursue California’s manygrowth opportunities with investments in our people,products, solutions and services.The City National DifferenceWe sum up our competitive advantages with a singlephrase: The City National Difference. It startswith more than 2,000 colleagues: many have builttheir whole careers with us; others joined throughour acquisitions of seven California banks or fromTo OurShareholders(Left to right) City National Corporation OfficersGeorge H. Benter, Jr., President; Frank P. Pekny,Executive Vice President and CFO; Russell Goldsmith,Vice Chairman and CEO; Bram Goldsmith, Chairmanthe leadership of major banks that were onceheadquartered in our markets. As a result, CityNational has emerged as a private and businessbank with the high-caliber people one mightexpect to find only at much larger banks.City National provides a wider array of products,services and capabilities than clients find atsmaller community banks — and a higher level ofindividualized, responsive and results-orientedservice than they usually find at the mega-banks.This City National Difference allows us to retainbroad and close relationships with our clients,while expanding that base significantly each year.California: The World’sSixth-Largest EconomyThe City National Difference reflects our positionto capitalize on the tremendous opportunitiesCalifornia offers banks that focus on affluentindividuals, professionals, entrepreneurs andtheir businesses.Southern California, which we have served for 47years, today counts nearly 40,000 penta-millionaires— individuals with a net worth of more than$5 million. Southern California boasts one of thenation’s richest concentrations of small businesses— twice the national average — and its economyis dramatically more diverse than a decade ago.By entering the San Francisco Bay Area, theworld’s 18th largest and one of the fastest-growingeconomies, we are reaching more of the nation’smost affluent zip codes, further diversifying our32.5096 97 98 99 002.001.50.500Diluted EarningsPer Share1.00 ($)896 97 98 99 006420Average Assets($ billions)client base and providing our Southern Californiaclients with a helpful link to Northern California.We thus gain a very substantial new market andthe opportunity to attract Californians who seekour brand of specialized and highly personalizedservice and financial solutions as California’sPremier Private and Business Bank.From our earliest days, City National has built apowerful brand in California’s key industries. Webegan with expertise in the entertainment, realestate and professional services industries. As wegrew, we added capabilities, services and productsto meet the evolving needs of other industriesimportant to California’s future. Our focus nowextends from international trade to technology,from manufacturing to business managers, fromdairies to doctors, from franchisees to foreignexchange, and from executives to investors andmuch more.L o s A n g e l e s C o u n t y4Population 9,330,000Average Household Income $65,773Number of Businesses 362,076Major Industries: Professional Ser vices,Tourism, Entertainment, Manufacturing, Apparel,Air/Space/Defense, International TradeGiven the size and scope of the California economy,our current market share is still relativelysmall and the critical mass we have established isstill relatively new. As a result, we have the enviableopportunity and ability to grow substantiallyby gaining modest amounts above our currentmarket share.The sheer size, dynamic growth and vast wealth ofour markets do matter. California, for example, isthe second-largest U.S. deposit market. We alsosee great value in the diversification ofCalifornia’s economy, which should help softenthe potentially adverse impacts of the state’senergy situation, possible labor disputes in theentertainment industry and the slowing of thestate’s overall rate of economic growth in 2001.Economists and clients still generally anticipate ayear of economic growth, enhanced by lowerinterest rates and continued strength in trade,tourism, technology and housing.5O r a n g e C o u n t yPopulation 2,761,000Average Household Income $82,573Number of Businesses 135,566Major Industries: Business Services, Technology,Construction, Tourism, Health Services, EducationA Record of Consistent GrowthThe City National Difference — and the remarkablegrowth of the California economy — hasproduced consistent and positive results for ourshareholders. In the five-year period ended in2000, we delivered a compounded annual growthrate for net income of 22% and total revenue of21%. On a cash basis — which excludes the noncashaccounting charges that primarily resultfrom acquisitions — we grew net income at a compoundedannual rate of 24% over the past fiveyears. We also achieved compound annual growthrates of 17% for assets, 23% for loans and 18% fordeposits.One of our key long-term priorities is to grownoninterest income, which is more recurring,more stable and less subject to credit risk thaninterest income. Noninterest income has morethan tripled since 1995 — from $35 million to$109 million — driven in part by fees for servicessuch as foreign exchange and cash management,and the growth in our assets under administration,which have almost tripled since 1995. Ourassets under management — which tend to producehigher fees and a deeper level ofprofessional involvement with our clients — grewfrom $800 million in 1995 to more than $6.7 billionat year-end.During 2000, we added $1.1 billion in assets undermanagement — and brought to City National a612596 97 98 99 001007525050Net Income($ millions)Noninterest IncomeNet Interest Income($ millions)50096 97 98 99 004000200100300As the growth of the economy began to slow in2000, and as the level of recoveries declined, a fewtrouble spots emerged —notably syndicated nonrelationshiploans. At the same time, our level ofnonperforming assets began to return to morenormal levels, leading to additions to ourallowances in pace with the significant growth ofour loan portfolio. We are giving even greateremphasis to credit quality issues — both in underwritingand monitoring — as we respond to thechanging phases of California’s economic cycles.Our strong performance has enabled us to continueour commitment to improve the Californiacommunities we serve — through loans, contributionsand the volunteer efforts of so many ofour colleagues. We are especially proud of ourmany initiatives to make our communities betterplaces for everyone. For example, we continueto support well-known community developmentcorporations that are devoted to increasing smallbusiness lending and homeownership amongpeople with low to moderate incomes.Strategies for Continued GrowthCity National’s goal is to continue to generateconsistent, quality earnings growth to buildshareholder value. In support of that goal, thecolleagues of this organization are paid forperformance and held accountable to detailedindividual goals, as well as clear company-wideobjectives and values.respected and successful investment managementteam — with the acquisition of Los Angeles-basedReed, Conner & Birdwell. This value-oriented assetmanagement firm, still led by the professionalswho built it, operates as an independent subsidiaryof City National. We believe Reed, Conner& Birdwell will enhance our ability to provide ourclients with outstanding and diversified investmentmanagement and, in turn, gather moreinvestment assets for them and for City NationalInvestments. We are very encouraged by the initialsuccess of this new relationship and intend toselectively consider other comparable opportunitieswithin California.We also continued to focus on the quality of ourbalance sheet. In the past five years, our totalaverage loans have almost quadrupled whilebecoming more diversified. During 2000, we tookdecisive steps to reduce — by 64% — our portfolioof syndicated non-relationship loans, from $537million at the end of 1999 to $192 million. By yearend2000, these syndicated non-relationship loansaccounted for less than 3% of our loan portfolio.City National’s allowance for credit losses at theend of 2000 totaled $135.4 million, or 2.07% ofoutstanding loans, which places us among the bestin the group of banks we regard as peers. In 2000,we recorded a provision for credit losses of $21.5million; this was our first provision since the mid-1990s. Total nonperforming assets at year-end2000 were $62.5 million, or 0.96% of total loansand ORE, compared with $26.7 million, or 0.49%at year-end 1999.7Over the long term, we aim for double-digitgrowth of our net income and continued growthin earnings per share, while carefully managingour credit, minimizing operational and businessrisks and investing for the future. Following aresix initiatives we are emphasizing to reflect andenhance The City National Difference:1) Broaden Relationships with Clients. City Nationalstrives to provide an ever-widening array of financialproducts and services to its existing privateand commercial banking clients — and to attractmeaningful numbers of significant new clients.We invest not only in maintaining and expandingrelationships with our clients, but also in newservices, products, colleagues and capabilities.We deploy extensive, targeted and multi-layeredefforts to attract and retain clients.8Ve n t u r a C o u n t yPopulation 745,063Average Household Income $75,244Number of Businesses 31,385Major Industries: Business Services, Manufacturing,Construction, Biotechnology, AgricultureWe apply the latest in technology to supplement,not supplant, our personal relationships with ourclients. Among California banks of our size, webelieve City National was the first to offer anaccount aggregation service. With the launch ofthis service in 2001, our clients can review online,in one place, all of their personal online-enabledfinancial, investment and travel accounts heldinside or outside City National.Our next major online product planned for 2001is the Internet-based foreign exchange services.We are building these state-of-the-art services ontoour City National eLinkSM online platform. In2000, we enriched this platform with online discountbrokerage services and Internet-based cashmanagement functions. Our clients now can goonline for financial services such as accountreview or bill payment, and their employees alsocan go online to review and modify their CityNational-administered 401(k) investments.9I n l a n d E m p i r ePopulation 3,201,000Average Household Income $52,238Number of Businesses 99,340Major Industries: Transportation, Construction,Health Services, Education, Business Services2) Increase the Number of Top-Tier Client Relationships.As always, we are intently focused on growing themost attractive segment of our client base. Thisobjective drives many of our most visible initiatives:the opening of our nine full-service regionalbanking centers; our extensive and diversifiedmarketing activities; the enhancement of oursales culture; and our continued development ofnew products such as enhanced cash managementcapabilities, feature-rich support of internationaltrade — and our expanding emphasis on privatebanking and wealth management.In addition to new services that meet specificclient needs, we continually evaluate and improveCity National office locations so we can moreeffectively reach our clients and prospects inCalifornia. For example, our new Palo Alto office,which we opened late in 2000, positions us nearextraordinarily large numbers of potential privatebanking and business clients in the Silicon Valley,while complementing our San Francisco andBurlingame offices.3) Grow Noninterest Income. Our objective is togrow this recurring source of income beyondtoday’s level of 21% of total revenues.We expect our growing private banking andwealth management services to be an increasinglyimportant source of this type of income. Last yearit represented 43% of our noninterest income.Our specialized teams of private bankers — positionedin each of our regional headquarters —are poised to take advantage of the dynamicwealth creation in this state. Further, we are backingup these dedicated teams with an increasinglybroad array of products and services such as ourfamily of City National Investment mutual funds,which have grown from $0.6 billion in 1995 to$3.2 billion in assets as of year-end 2000.Two of the fastest-growing areas of noninterestincome were cash management, which was up27% from 1999 and international income, whichincreased 51%. We are expanding personnel andproducts in these areas even further to fuel theability to sustain the growth in 2001.4) Pursue Focused and Disciplined Acquisitions.Acquisitions remain an important and integralelement in our business growth strategy. Since1995, we have completed nine successful strategicacquisitions: seven banks, a trust company and anasset manager.As we consider other acquisition opportunities,we continue to focus on transactions that createboth near-term value for our shareholders andopportunities to advance our longer-term growthstrategies. Thus we seek acquisitions that areaccretive to earnings; add to our base of loans,deposits, and private and business banking clientsthat fit our focus; grow noninterest income;10and fuel our critical mass in important Californiamarkets. Further, we value acquisitions andrecruitment that enrich our organization withtalented colleagues who bring strong skills,expertise and a similar commitment to qualityrelationship banking.5) Maintain Good Credit Quality. City Nationalmaintains a disciplined approach, an organizationalstructure and a strong commitment tosustain credit quality, beginning with a strict setof guidelines as to the size and underwritingcharacteristics of new loan originations. In recentyears we have, by design, diversified our loanportfolio by industry, geography and size — andadded colleagues with specialized expertise in theindustries we serve. It is also worth noting thatnearly 20% of our loan portfolio is in singlefamilymortgages with, on average, relatively lowloan-to-value ratios.6) Manage for Continuous Productivity Improvement.We have deployed new technology and techniquesthroughout the organization to help improveoperating efficiencies. Increasingly, we segmentservices to match client profitability and furtherstrengthen our capabilities to serve clients productively.During 2000, we streamlined manyinternal client-service and procedural functions:we saved time and money by better integratingoperations of acquired companies; we increasedour call center’s capabilities; we transferred allbank policy and procedure manuals online; weadded search engines so our colleagues can11Average Core Deposits($ billions)DemandCDs < $100,000Other Interest Bearing1696 97 98 99 0012840Assets UnderAdministration/Management($ billions)AdministrationManagement596 97 98 99 0040213quickly find and implement what they need; andwe automated many of the functions that supportthe services we deliver to our valued clients.Our Colleagues and Our ConstituenciesThe driving force behind City National’s continuedsuccess and The City National Difference isour growing team of talented colleagues. In 2000,we invested even more in training programs tohelp our colleagues skillfully deliver to theirclients our growing suite of products and services.We further refined our compensation plans togive meaningful financial incentives for deliveringexceptional client service, growing our productusage, expanding our client base and concurrentlybuilding value for our shareholders. Onecentral ingredient in this is our stock option plan.12S a n D i e g o C o u n t yPopulation 2,821,000Average Household Income $62,678Number of Businesses 106,805Major Industries: Professional Ser vices, Tourism,Telecommunications, Air/Space/Defense,Technology, ConstructionAlthough our stock option awards are comparablein total to those of our peer banks, we distributethis long-term incentive more broadly and moredeeply throughout our organization.During 2000, we were pleased to strengthen oursenior management team by welcoming three newmembers to our Executive Committee. ThomasMiller, an experienced marketing professional,joined the bank as our new Executive VicePresident and Director of Marketing. Two excellentCity National executives were promoted to theExecutive Committee: Kim Bingham, Senior VicePresident, Structured Finance Division and JeffreySmith, Senior Vice President, Westside Region.Reflecting our ongoing commitment to buildshareholder value, the Board of Directors in 2000announced our sixth stock buyback program ofour common stock. At year-end, 201,600 shareshad been repurchased under this new one-million-share program. We completed our previous13S a n F r a n c i s c o B ay A r e aPopulation 3,096,000Average Household Income $93,741Number of Businesses 148,742Major Industries: Professional Ser vices, Technology,Tourism, Manufacturing, International Trade, Constructionone-million-share buyback earlier in the year.In January 2001, the Board also approved theseventh annual increase of our quarterly commonstock cash dividend.In closing, we wish to thank you, our shareholders,for your ongoing and invaluable support. Wealso are extremely grateful for the dedication andeffectiveness of our outstanding team of morethan 2,000 colleagues, and for the thousands ofremarkable and entrepreneurial clients whom weare privileged to serve.As City National approaches a half-century of serviceto California, we have a great sense ofaccomplishment, pride and promise in our organization.Most importantly, City National has aclear vision for an even more productive and profitablefuture as California’s Premier Private andBusiness Bank.Sincerely,14Average Loans($ billions)CommercialReal Estate Construction& Commercial MortgageResidential First MortgageInstallmentCash Efficiency Ratio*(percent)* Lower percentages indicatehigher efficiency.696 97 98 99 004206096 97 98 99 005854505652Bram GoldsmithChairman,City National CorporationMarch 9, 2001Russell GoldsmithVice Chairman and CEO,City National CorporationChairman and CEO,City National Bank