 City National Corporation Vice Chairman and CEO Russell Goldsmith (right) and Chairman Bram Goldsmith in front of Herbert Bayer’s “Double Ascension” fountain and sculpture at City National Plaza.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
We’re pleased to report that 2004 was the ninth consecutive year of record achievement for City National, with strong improvements in earnings, capital, deposits and credit quality, as well as a significant fourth-quarter pickup in loan demand. Net income grew 11 percent year over year to $206.3 million, or $4.04 per share.
City National’s talented team of 2,400 colleagues again delivered outstanding service and financial solutions, retaining and expanding our remarkable client base and demonstrating why this company is California’s Premier Private and Business Bank.
Here are some financial highlights for the year:
I For the first time, assets at year-end exceeded $14 billion.
I Revenue climbed 6 percent.
I The company earned solid returns on both equity (16.34 percent) and assets (1.54 percent).
I Average loans grew 5 percent over 2003 to $8.1 billion, led by increases in single-family home mortgages and commercial real estate and construction borrowing. Particularly encouraging was the fourth-quarter increase in commercial and industrial lending.
1

  California’s Premier Private and Business Bank. California is the sixth largest economy in the world. It is America’s leading international gateway, the No.1state for agriculture, the birthplace of modern technology and the entertainment capital of the world. City National is the second largest independent bank based in the state and the largest headquartered in Southern California. Our 52 branches are strategically located in some of the most attractive markets anywhere in the world. California accounts for $600 billion in deposits – 12 percent of the nation’s total – and nearly three-quarters of its 37 million people live in the 11 counties we serve.
2

I Average deposits grew 12 percent from 2003. Over 90 percent are core deposits, a fact that helps explain why City National’s average cost of deposits is among the lowest of the 50 largest U.S. banks and why our strong net interest margin averaged 4.54 percent for the year.
I Credit quality became even stronger in 2004. The company did not record a provision for credit losses, but remained adequately reserved at 1.75 percent of total loans. Net charge-offs fell 79 percent, and loans on nonaccrual were down 18 percent to historically low levels.
I Noninterest income grew 4 percent in 2004, thanks largely to the continuing success of our wealth management business. Wealth management fee revenue increased 27 percent and now accounts for over half of all noninterest earnings.
I Expenses rose in part because of higher costs for regulatory compliance, but also because we continued to invest in the growth and quality of our business.
BUILDING LONG-TERM SHAREHOLDER VALUE
In 2004, City National celebrated its 50th anniversary. The company now has 52 offices, including 12 full-service regional centers, $14 billion in assets and a market capitalization approaching $3.5 billion.
All of City National’s capital ratios are significantly higher than minimum required capital levels, and the company continues to manage capital wisely. Last year, 740,400 outstanding shares were repurchased at an average cost of $59.19. In January 2005, City National’s Board of Directors increased the company’s annual dividend 13 percent to $1.44 per share. The dividend is 85 percent higher than it was just three years ago, and it now amounts to more than 35 percent of City National’s per share earnings.
The combination of funds devoted to dividends and stock repurchases in 2004 equaled 52 percent of earnings, demonstrating again this company’s commitment to building shareholder value while also investing in additional capabilities, personnel and our infrastructure.
The success of City National is evident in the value delivered to shareholders over time. During the five years ended December 31, 2004, City National’s stock price appreciated at an average annual rate of almost 19 percent, outperforming virtually every major market index.
EARNINGS PER
DILUTED SHARE
(Consistent Basis) ($)
City National delivered consistent, quality earnings growth in 2004, with earnings per diluted share reaching $4.04, for a five- year compounded annual growth rate of 12 percent.
5
4
3
2
1
$ 0
          3
00 01 02 03 04

  City National succeeds on the quality of its service and depth of its client relationships.
California’s entrepreneurs, their families and their businesses value the premier service and individual attention they receive from City National. Sophisticated product offerings, state-of-the-art capabilities and highly personalized service enable us to meet their complete financial needs, both personal and business. Many banks talk about relationship banking; we deliver it. It shows in our client satisfaction ratings – consistently among the industry’s highest – and exceptional client loyalty. Half of our top clients have banked with us for a decade or more, and over half access four or more of our seven product categories. Nearly one-third of City National’s new clients are referred by people who already do business with us.
4

THE RIGHT PEOPLE, THE RIGHT BUSINESS MODEL
The success of City National starts with its colleagues – the dedicated and effective men and women who deliver complete financial solutions to California’s entrepreneurs, professionals, investors, and small and mid-sized businesses. Year after year, we have recruited, retained and promoted some of the industry’s most talented bankers and wealth managers, adding to City National’s abilities and expanding its presence in attractive markets. Last year was no exception.
In 2004, the company welcomed a number of outstanding colleagues. Two of them – Chief Financial Officer Christopher Carey and Senior Risk Management Officer Bardo Akay – joined our Executive Committee.
City National also hired new senior commercial bankers in the San Francisco Bay Area and the Inland Empire, adding to our expertise and client base in California’s wine-making, technology and real estate industries.
The company enhanced its wealth management business by hiring additional investment advisors in Southern California, the Bay Area and New York City, and added to its risk management capabilities with new personnel there as well.
City National’s colleagues practice true relationship banking with a service model that is important to clients. One key aspect of the company’s competi- tive edge is our commitment to meet all of our clients’ financial needs – both personal and professional.
Through one or two colleagues located in their region – a private client advisor and/or a commercial or private banking relationship manager – clients and their businesses gain access to City National’s full array of banking and wealth management services, from jumbo home mortgages to business lines of credit, from commercial cash management to personal wealth management, from online banking to online foreign exchange.
This approach produces not only significant client satisfaction and retention, but also brand loyalty and client referrals. The great majority of our key clients have banked with us for many years, and their number continues to grow.
THE RIGHT CLIENTS, THE RIGHT MARKETS
One of City National’s most important distinguishing characteristics is focus. We meet the financial needs of a large, well-defined and attractive clientele in
EARNINGS
GROWTH
(Consistent Basis) ($ millions)
The company achieved its ninth consecutive year of record earnings in 2004. Noninterest income grew at a five-year compounded annual rate of 16 percent and now accounts for
25 percent of total revenue.
800
600
400
200
$0
00 01 02 03 04
Net Interest Income Noninterest Income Net Income
                  5

  It takes more than credit to grow a business. California’s diverse economy is driven by the entrepreneurial energy of more than 800,000 small and mid-sized businesses. Roughly 140,000 have revenues between $1 million and $100 million, and City National’s footprint reaches 80 percent of them. In this increasingly competitive global environment, access to credit is just one key to their continued success. Business clients are turning to City National for more than just loans and lines of credit. They want custom solutions to help them better manage their cash flow and payroll, minimize risk and tap new markets. As a result, our sophisticated cash management tools and international banking services have become important contributors to overall client retention and satisfaction, and a growing revenue source for the bank.
6

strong and growing markets. It’s a niche that City National is very good at serving and expanding, and one that will continue to be our primary focus.
Today, City National has the talent, capabilities and geographic reach that virtually all of our clients might ever require. Moreover, the bank’s unique busi- ness model enables our colleagues to deliver great service and real relationships.
California’s tremendous concentration of wealth and business activity provides our company with exceptional opportunities for growth. The 11 counties we serve are home to 27 million people, 320,000 millionaire households and 110,000 companies with annual revenues of between $1 million and $100 million.
The state is adding nearly 600,000 people every year, and its entrepreneurial economy continues to spawn new businesses. As young companies expand, they need larger credit lines, more sophisticated cash management solutions, easy access to foreign exchange and letters of credit. Their owners and senior executives need help buying homes, managing wealth, sending their children to college, saving for retirement and planning business succession. Many of them want the personal attention, first-rate financial capabilities and local decision-making authority for which City National is known.
AVERAGE LOANS
($ billions)
Average loans grew
5 percent in 2004, led by increases in single-family home mortgages and commercial real estate and construction borrowing.
10
8
6
        While City National is primarily a private and business bank, the Core Division
that houses our branch network has become a very significant source of clients
and revenue. It is a major reason that City National has achieved “same-store”
deposit growth that is two to three times higher than the industry average. The
Core Division also is growing loan balances, increasing net income and adding 2 to the demographic diversity of City National’s client base through its expanding
        small business unit.
THE RIGHT GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES
The future is full of opportunities for City National.
The company’s trust and investment business continued to grow and gain recognition last year. The bank’s Wealth Management Services Division again performed well, and so did our 11 investment management affiliates. Almost without exception, the bank and its affiliates outperformed relevant invest- ment benchmarks and added new client assets as well. Together, they provide City National’s investment clients with our own unique brand of proprietary open architecture. Clients can trust City National to deliver a broad array of excellent capabilities and investment alternatives that help them meet their asset allocation and financial growth objectives.
4
$0
00 01 02 03 04
Commercial
Real Estate Construction and Commercial Mortgage
Residential First Mortgage Equity Lines of Credit Other
           7

  It’s not called “The Golden State” for nothing. California has more households with investable assets over $1 million than any other state. It is home to several of America’s most affluent counties. The company has steadily expanded the capabilities of City National Asset Management and City National Securities, and has acquired a diverse and seasoned group of independent asset management firms. Together, they provide clients with a variety of investment alternatives through a proprietary open architecture designed both to better meet their personal wealth management needs and to deliver superior performance over time. Our company’s abilities have not gone unnoticed. Assets under management or administration have more than doubled in the past five years and now exceed $35 billion. In 2004, City National was named by Barron’s magazine as one of the nation’s top wealth managers – for the fourth consecutive year.
8

City National and its affiliates now directly manage assets of more than $16 billion, a 19 percent increase from 2003. Assets under management or administration grew 22 percent to more than $35 billion. Clearly, the growth of City National’s wealth management business is building shareholder value and increasing the company’s noninterest income stream.
For 2005, City National has strengthened its payments capabilities with the addition of products like Treasury Net,SM a state-of-the-art Web-based banking tool for middle-market companies that enables treasurers, accountants and bookkeepers to better manage their cash flows. Treasury Net complements our growing array of online business banking products, which also include bill pay, trade finance, foreign exchange and much more.
The cover of this report celebrates another one of City National’s milestones: City National Plaza. This preeminent Los Angeles office complex is now the company’s administrative headquarters and the new home of its downtown regional center. By the time our move is complete, this property will provide 800 colleagues – one-third of our organization – with outstanding new facilities and the many benefits of working together in one location. It is already giving our company much greater visibility in Los Angeles with the bank’s name on this landmark property.
City National also has a solid growth platform in the San Francisco Bay Area, where the economy continues to improve. After five years, two bank acquisi- tions, the recruitment of many talented bankers and the addition of seven new offices (including four regional centers), City National now has about $1 billion in assets in what is the world’s 24th largest economy. The Bay Area and its strong demographics are ideally suited to our business model. City National is now well–positioned to grow more significantly in this very important economic region.
LOOKING AHEAD
This year we expect ongoing deposit growth and increased lending activity, especially in quality commercial loans. We also expect continuing growth from our noninterest income engines — Wealth Management Services, Cash Management and International.
We will add four new banking offices in 2005, including three in Orange County. This year marks City National’s 30th year in Orange County – a robust California market of 3 million people. Its $154 billion economy is larger than the economies of 26 states. In light of our growing success and momentum
AVERAGE DEPOSITS
($ billions)
Average deposits have more than doubled since 1999, increasing at a five- year compounded annual rate of 19 percent. Over 90 percent are low-cost core deposits.
12
10
8
6
4
2
$0
00 01 02 03 04
Core Other
                  9

  City National is a powerful brand among California’s key industries. Our company began just over 50 years ago with expertise in the real estate, entertainment and professional services industries. Today, City National’s Entertainment Division is well- known in California and New York for its expertise in dealing with all aspects of the entertainment industry. Our Real Estate Division ended 2004 with $2.1 billion in total loan commitments – a new milestone. As our company has grown, it also has added the capabilities necessary to meet the needs of other industries that make California the economic powerhouse it is today. Our focus now includes not only real estate, entertainment and professional services but also international trade, technology, manufacturing, agriculture and more.
10

there, we will open full-service banking offices in Newport Beach and Anaheim, and add branch banking capabilities in Irvine. These offices are scheduled to open later this year and will extend our reach and visibility in these very important communities. They will bring the number of City National offices in Orange County to seven, including one regional center.
Our company also will build on its increased momentum and commitment to downtown Los Angeles by opening a third bank branch in this highly concentrated business center of America’s second largest city and by having just added a new head of our metropolitan Los Angeles regional banking center.
To bolster our capabilities and to better serve California’s vibrant small busi- ness community in 2005, we will hire 12 new sales officers, significantly increase small business loan commitments and make improvements to our loan processing system.
This year, our company will implement the Line Delivery Initiative – a new organizational model that will enable relationship managers to focus even more effectively and productively on the growth of our private and business banking clients. After a successful pilot project in Northern California, we expect the initiative to be in place throughout our commercial and private banking offices by the end of 2005.
We also expect to make continued progress in New York, where our company recently expanded the private banking office it opened two years ago. In addition to meeting the complex financial needs of California clients who conduct business on both coasts, City National’s growing team in Manhattan is attracting local entrepreneurs, attorneys, business managers, accountants, investors and other clients.
In 2005, our company will devote greater resources to the execution of compliance and risk management obligations related to the Bank Secrecy Act, USA Patriot Act and Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The tragic events of September 11, 2001, and widespread demand for more corporate accountability have led to laws and regulations that require stricter scrutiny, expanded procedures and added investment.
In the first quarter of 2005, we entered a regulatory agreement pertaining to enhanced compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act. We will meet the standards set forth in this agreement.
ASSETS UNDER
MANAGEMENT OR
ADMINISTRATION
($ billions)
Assets under management or administration have
more than doubled in
five years, providing an important source of stable, recurring noninterest income.
40
30
20
10
$0
00 01 02 03 04
Administration Management
                11

  Professional services firms represent a significant and growing segment of California’s economy – and City National’s client base. Of the top 100 law firms with a presence in our markets, City National has established relationships with nearly half of them. These firms come to us because we have the industry expertise and capabilities to meet their special cash flow and capital requirements, as well as the personal banking and investment needs of their partners and associates. City National also is able to advise these firms on effective retirement plans and provide exceptional plan administration. However, our involvement doesn’t end there. Often, City National is able to help these firms serve their clients with custom financial solutions.
12

CONCLUSION
We are committed to delivering premier performance for City National’s four key constituencies: our shareholders, our clients, our colleagues and our com- munities. We did so again last year. Despite change and competition, despite modest loan demand for three quarters, despite increased expenses, low interest rates and an evolving regulatory environment – despite all these challenges, City National posted strong results in 2004.
In 2005, this company is still on the move. We are selectively hiring talented people, developing new capabilities and enhancing our ability to execute City National’s value proposition. We’re adding more clients than ever before, expanding our reach into attractive markets and investing for long-term growth.
Our company’s success and its bright future are due to the dedication and effec- tiveness of many people. In particular, we want to express deep appreciation to City National’s Board of Directors, who exemplify this company’s long- standing dedication to excellence, diligence and integrity. Their advice and counsel are invaluable.
We are also extremely grateful to City National’s very dedicated team of colleagues. They have done a superb job of executing a business model that really does set our company apart.
This year, we want to give special recognition to Frank Pekny, who was our Chief Financial Officer for more than 12 years before he retired at the end of 2004 for health reasons. Frank is a good friend who has contributed much to this organization.
Finally, we thank our remarkable clients and you, our shareholders, for your confidence in City National and its management. With your continued support, we are certain that the next 50 years will be as rewarding as the first 50 have been.
TOTAL ASSETS
($ billions)
Total assets exceeded
$14 billion for the first time – an increase of more than
56 percent since 2000.
15
12
9
6
3
$0
00 01 02 03 04
           Sincerely,
Bram Goldsmith
Chairman
City National Corporation
Russell Goldsmith
Vice Chairman and CEO City National Corporation Chairman and CEO
City National Bank
  March 10, 2005
13
