   City National CorporationVice Chairman and CEO Russell Goldsmith (left) and Chairman Bram Goldsmith.
To Our Shareholders:
As the cover of this report indicates,
City National is celebrating its 50th year as an independent California bank.
We opened our doors on January 4, 1954.
A small group of California businessmen had come together to form a bank for entrepreneurs and professionals, their families and businesses. From the start, our company has always put its clients at the center of everything we do.
50 Years of Relationship Banking
In five decades, City National has pioneered and enhanced a relationship-banking model that even today sets our company apart from its competitors.
Clients receive access to our full-service finan- cial capabilities through seasoned relationship managers who are backed by teams of highly skilled banking and investment specialists.This approach enables us to provide each client with services that are tailored around his or her needs – from jumbo home mortgage lending, personal loans, asset management, and trust and estate planning to business and real estate credit, cash management and global foreign exchange.
The success of City National’s time-tested approach can be seen in the fact that most of its private and business banking clients draw from at least four of the bank’s seven product cate- gories. Retention and referral rates remain strong; client satisfaction measures are excellent.
A Defined Focus
Many larger financial companies today
compete on size and scale, but City National chose a different path a long time ago.We don’t need assets of $1 trillion. City National is not trying to be all things to all people everywhere. Our focus is what sets us apart. Our company has succeeded on the strength of its client relationships.
Page 1

  We provide successful individuals and small and mid-size businesses with superior service, seasoned financial expertise and a full range of banking and investment solutions.
City National is a client-centric company dedicated also to building shareholder value.
2003 Highlights
In 2003, City National again delivered on its goal of consistent, quality earnings growth, and our shareholders were rewarded with stock price appreciation of 41 percent.That sent the company’s market value above $3 billion for the first time. In January 2004, City National’s Board of Directors raised the company’s annual dividend rate to $1.28 per share, which is
64 percent higher than it was on January 1, 2003. This year marks the 10th consecutive year of increasing dividends.
In 2003, City National earned net income
of $186.7 million, a 2 percent increase over 2002. However, it is also important to note that income before taxes was 12 percent higher than in 2002. Earnings per share grew 4.5 percent
to $3.72.
These results were driven largely by a dramatic improvement in credit quality, plus strong growth in average deposits and noninterest income. Average deposits grew 16 percent, exceeding $10 billion for the first time. Non- interest income rose 21 percent.
City National managed to perform reasonably well in 2003 despite record low interest rates, which placed continuing pressure on our net interest margin, and challenging economic con- ditions that dampened business confidence and loan demand.
The strength of City National’s performance was particularly evident in a recent survey of the top 150 U.S. banks ranked by return on assets: City National was No. 24 in the nation, ahead of all our significant competitors and peers.
Net income and earnings per share were affected in particular by our decision not to recognize certain state tax benefits involving two real estate investment trusts (REITs) that our company created several years ago to
raise capital.A year-end announcement by the California Franchise Tax Board argued that such benefits should be disallowed pursuant to recently enacted state legislation. As a result, no benefits for 2003 were taken in the financial statements. City National believes in its position and intends to pursue various alternatives to obtain the benefits to which it is legally entitled. We also believe City National is appropriately reserved for previously recognized prior-year benefits.
City National continued to manage expenses carefully in 2003, while investing selectively in new revenue opportunities. Noninterest expense grew 10 percent, primarily due to
Page 2

   Earnings Per Diluted Share (Consistent Basis)
($)
City National’s commitment to growth has yielded a five-year compounded annual growth rate of 13 percent in earnings per share.
our second-quarter acquisition of Convergent Capital Management LLC (CCM), the estab- lishment of our NewYork office and the addition of two new regional centers in the San Francisco Bay Area. Excluding costs associ- ated with CCM and our NewYork office, noninterest expense grew only 4 percent.
City National’s capital position remained strong. As of December 31, 2003, we reported total risk-based and Tier 1 risk-based capital ratios of 14.86 percent and 10.81 percent, compared with the minimum “well-capitalized” capital ratios of 10 percent and 6 percent, respectively.TheTier 1 leverage ratio was
7.48 percent.
In 2003, City National again demonstrated its commitment to prudent capital management and strong shareholder value. In addition to returning excess capital to shareholders in the
form of a higher dividend, the corporation last year repurchased more than 750,000 shares of City National stock in the open market at an average price of $42.47.
Early last year, the company’s balance sheet was further enhanced with the sale of $225 million in senior notes.The success of this private offer- ing underscored the confidence that financial markets have in City National.Another measure of this confidence was the decision by Moody’s Investor Service to upgrade City National’s senior debt rating to A2.
The Catalysts of Future Growth
City National Bank has come a long way since 1954, but we see opportunities for even greater success in the years ahead. Growing markets, exceptional client retention and strong multi- product category utilization, effective attraction of new clients, a strong balance sheet, sound credit quality, increasing noninterest income, productivity and a track record of successful acquisitions – these are the primary catalysts
of City National’s growth.
Successful Clients in Growing Markets
California is the world’s sixth largest economy, with an estimated 400,000 millionaire house- holds and 800,000 small and mid-size compa- nies. According to Forbes magazine, nearly one-quarter of the nation’s wealthiest individu- als live in California, and many of them have relationships with City National.
 Page 3

   Earnings Growth (Consistent Basis) ($ millions)
Earnings growth continued despite a challenging economy. Noninterest income grew 21 percent in
2003 and now represents 26 percent of total revenue.
This company has grown to 53 offices, includ- ing 12 regional centers, in California’s most affluent counties and NewYork City.These California counties alone are home to more than two-thirds of the state’s 35 million residents.
Late last year, we announced a commitment that will significantly strengthen City National’s productivity, business opportunities and its brand identity as the largest bank headquartered in Southern California: an agreement to lease up to 310,000 square feet of commercial office space at what will soon be called City National Plaza in downtown Los Angeles.This move will bring together more than 800 colleagues and enable City National to productively consoli- date operations from six local facilities into one
landmark property that had been named for ARCO and Bank of America.
In 2003, City National also continued to expand its reach into selected markets that fit our focus.
We opened new regional centers in Walnut Creek and Palo Alto, added a private banking team in San Francisco’s East Bay and acquired ownership interests in two San Francisco
asset management firms through the CCM transaction.
Several very talented bankers joined our new office in New York, which completed its first full year of operation with more than $40 mil- lion in loans and $60 million in deposits. In addition to serving bi-coastal clients, this con- veniently located mid-town office is now reaching out to prospective clients based in the New York metropolitan area.
A Strong Balance Sheet
Core deposits grew 22 percent in 2003 and now amount to a remarkable 90 percent of our average deposit balances. City National’s exceptionally strong deposit base has helped to support an average loan portfolio that has grown at a five-year compounded annual rate of 13 percent.
In 2003, average loans were $7.7 billion, down 1 percent from the prior year due in part to
 Page 4

  our success in improving the quality of our loan portfolio. However, lending picked up in the fourth quarter as business confidence improved and a number of bank clients reported plans for capital expansion and inventory growth.
Surging deposits and modest loan demand pro- duced excess liquidity last year and we invested some of these funds in short-term securities. However, we also maintain ample funds to support the anticipated resumption of loan demand.
Of course, this strategy has placed some pres- sure on our net interest margin, which fell from 5.17 in the fourth quarter of 2002 to 4.52 in the fourth quarter of 2003. Still, our margin
has held up reasonably well over time, and it remains one of the highest in the banking industry.
City National is an asset-sensitive institution. It is funded primarily by low-cost deposits, which re-price more slowly than its loans do.As a result, the company stands to benefit when rates rise once again.Whether that will happen this year remains to be seen, of course, but we are not counting on it.
Sound Credit Quality
City National began 2003 with a pledge to reduce higher-risk loan concentrations, and we made good on that commitment to a very large extent.
Average Loans ($ billions)
The trend in average loans reflected national economic trends.The bank improved credit quality and reduced problem loans in 2003.
  Page 5
Nonaccrual loans fell sharply. So did net charge-offs, as many higher-risk credits were disposed of at a nominal cost.The bank’s portfolio of syndicated, non-relationship com- mercial and purchased media and telecom loans continued to shrink, pursuant to our long- standing strategy, and it now represents less than one-quarter of 1 percent of total loans.
As a result of this progress last year, City National recorded a $29 million provision for credit losses, 57 percent less than in 2002. Yet, the company remained well-reserved at
2.11 percent of loans outstanding.This ratio compares favorably with industry averages.

   Average Deposits ($ billions)
Average deposits grew at a five-year compounded annual rate of 19 percent. Core deposits now account for 90 percent of the company’s deposit balances.
21 percent – or $1 billion – under the leader- ship of its President and CEO Rick Adler and the very strong management teams at CCM
and its affiliates.This purchase also has given City National minority ownership interests in two other asset management affiliates. One of them – Matthews International Capital Management, LLC in San Francisco, which manages Asian investment funds – grew its assets under management by more than 200 percent during the last three quarters of the year.
Acquisitions like that of CCM are one
element of City National’s strategy to grow
its wealth management business. This strategy began three years ago, when we purchased a majority ownership interest in Reed, Conner & Birdwell, LLC (RCB).We are pleased to report that RCB’s managed assets have doubled since then and now exceed $2 billion.
These asset management affiliates prosper as largely independent entities. Each one operates under its own brand name and according to its own independent investment strategy. Among other things, these affiliates enable City National both to grow noninterest income and to offer clients a very effective and appealing “propri- etary open architecture” that supplements
City National Asset Management (CNAM).
The organic growth of CNAM and City National Securities is, of course, the fundamen- tal element of our multi-dimensional wealth management strategy.The steady expansion of
 City National’s loan portfolio today may be slightly leaner, but it’s also cleaner and poised for solid growth in balances and income as the demand for borrowing strengthens.
Growing Noninterest Income
Another of City National’s long-standing objectives is noninterest income growth. In 2003, noninterest income reached 26 percent of City National’s total revenue, up from
22 percent in 2002. Last year’s growth was due in large measure to wealth management, partic- ularly the acquisition of CCM and its majority ownership interests in eight diverse asset man- agement affiliates.
Since this acquisition was completed on April 1, CCM’s assets under management have grown
Page 6

  CNAM’s capabilities, the addition of new clients and another strong investment perform- ance in 2003 (CNAM outpaced the S&P 500 and virtually all its other investment bench- marks) provide an even stronger base for the future growth of City National’s Wealth Management Services Division.
In all, City National’s assets under management grew 84 percent last year to $13.6 billion, while assets under management or administration totaled $28.8 billion, up 48 percent.
A Track Record of Successful Acquisitions
Acquisitions have been a central element of City National’s growth strategy since 1995. During the last eight years, the company has purchased eight banks and one trust company, in addition to its interests in 11 asset manage- ment affiliates. Together, these acquisitions have helped to expand the bank’s footprint throughout Southern California and into the San Francisco Bay Area. They have added to City National’s capabilities and provided our company with new clients and a great number of highly talented colleagues.
We continue to selectively seek bank acquisi- tions that are compatible with our focus and our approach to banking, and help build share- holder value.The same holds true for asset management firms.
Assets Under Management or Administration ($ billions)
Assets under management or administration have grown more than
100 percent in four years and now approach
$29 billion.
A Home for Talented Colleagues
Today, City National’s 2,348 colleagues include some of California’s best financial services pro- fessionals. Many of them joined City National during the California banking industry’s con- solidation over the past 11 years. In 2003, we were particularly pleased to add Paul Nussbaum to City National’s Executive Committee. Paul is the executive vice president who leads our flag- ship Westside and San Fernando Valley Region.
While we continue to invest in new offices, technology, products, services and marketing, the essential ingredient of City National’s success is, and always has been, its experienced, effective and entrepreneurial colleagues.Year after year, this company has been able to attract
  Page 7

   Total Assets ($ billions)
Total assets reached
$13 billion for the first time – an increase of more than 80 percent in four years.
and retain outstanding bankers and financial advisors who earn the trust and respect of our many successful clients.We are extremely grate- ful to all of our colleagues – led by our talented Executive Committee and our dedicated Board of Directors – for their innumerable contribu- tions to City National’s success.
Looking to 2004
With 2004 underway, City National is well- positioned for California’s continuing economic recovery.
Even during the recent economic slowdown, our company continued to add clients and deepen relationships. Many of these clients have held their cash and credit in reserve, waiting for business conditions to improve before seizing new entrepreneurial opportunities.This is one reason that deposits have grown at an average
rate of nearly 20 percent in each of the last three years.Although the demand for borrow- ing was modest in 2003, we did see indications of renewed growth between the third and fourth quarters. During that time, period-end loans outstanding grew by $341 million.
City National begins 2004 with an abundance of core deposits on our balance sheet and signs of rising business confidence and loan demand. Our credit quality is sound and considerably improved.We have made great progress in con- solidating and integrating City National’s
San Francisco Bay Area operations. In addition to enhancing sales and marketing efforts, we have directed additional energies toward small business and wealth management, and we have begun initiatives to further strengthen our productivity.
This year will undoubtedly present new challenges, but we believe City National will continue to build long-term value for its share- holders, clients, colleagues and communities.
Conclusion
In 50 years, City National has assembled a pre- mier franchise. Its track record of consistently strong organic growth is rooted in a focused relationship strategy tailored around expanding revenue opportunities for a well-defined client base in growing urban markets.This strategy is coupled with a disciplined acquisition strategy and backed by a strong balance sheet, strict
 Page 8

  attention to credit quality, careful expense man- agement and an outstanding team of colleagues.
As City National observes its 50th anniversary and looks toward the tremendous growth opportunities ahead, we want to close with several important acknowledgments.
First, it is with great sadness and appreciation that we recognize the dedicated service of the late Stuart Buchalter. Stuart served on City National’s Board of Directors for more than
20 years. He passed away in January of this year.
Second, in 2003 we were pleased to welcome Peter Thomas to the Board. As managing director of a leading commercial real estate development firm, a former bank president and an experienced entrepreneur, Peter has already begun to contribute greatly to our organization.
Third, we want to salute the many men and women of City National who get involved in our communities.Through volunteer activity, charitable donations and community-based lending, our company and its colleagues sup- port more than 1,000 local non-profit organiza- tions. City National is proud of these colleagues and their contributions to the communities
we serve.
Finally, we want to thank you, the shareholders of City National Corporation, and the many remarkable clients this company has been privi- leged to serve during the last five decades.
These relationships are fundamental to City National’s continuing success.
Along with our colleagues, we look forward to building on the great legacy, reputation and opportunity City National has as California’s Premier Private and Business Bank. We are very confident that City National’s best years are ahead.
Sincerely,
Bram Goldsmith
Chairman
City National Corporation
March 8, 2004
Russell Goldsmith
Vice Chairman and CEO City National Corporation Chairman and CEO
City National Bank
  Page 9
