 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
In our letter to shareholders 10 years ago, City National Corporation reported that net income for 1995 was more than $48 million and that assets had just exceeded $4 billion.
In the decade since, City National has:
s achieved consistent quality earnings, revenue and asset growth;
s steadily expanded the organization from 1,300 talented colleagues to more than 2,500, and from 16 branches to 55 bank- ing offices, including entries into Northern California, the Inland Empire, Ventura County and New York City;
s acquired eight banks, 11 asset managers and one trust company;
s improved dramatically the depth and breadth of City National’s products, serv- ices, resources, expertise and capabilities;
s earned considerable loyalty and support from City National’s four key constituencies – clients, colleagues, communities and shareholders;
s made substantial progress through the effective work of colleagues and business partners.
As a result, in 2005, City National reported its 10th consecutive year of record earnings, delivering $235 million in net income with assets of $14.6 billion.
1
City National Corporation President and CEO Russell Goldsmith (right) and Chairman Bram Goldsmith
 
  In 2005, strong loan growth, sound asset quality, an exceptional deposit base and an expanding wealth management business enabled City National to deliver double-digit revenue growth and increase earnings per share by 14 percent to $4.60.
In 2005, for the first time, City National’s total deposits exceeded $12 billion, total loans were more than $9 billion and client investment assets under management or administration exceeded $39 billion.
City National’s strong growth last year was entirely organic. The bank continued to add, retain and expand client relationships with its unique brand of exceptional service, real relation- ship banking and a highly competitive suite of financial products and services, all of which are consistent with its long-standing focus on the financial needs of California’s entrepreneurs, businesses, investors, professionals and many of the key industries in this dynamic state, and New York as well.
For the 12th consecutive year, the Board approved an increase in the dividend, raising it 14 percent to $1.64 per share for this year. Ten years ago, the annual dividend was 26 cents per
share so it has increased at a compound annual rate of 19 percent for a decade.
For all of these reasons and more, the mar- ket value of City National Corporation has grown by nearly $3 billion over the past 10 years to $3.7 billion today. Total shareholder return over that decade has exceeded 524 percent, a com- pound annual growth rate of 20 percent.
Best of all, City National is well-positioned to sustain its growth and premier performance in the years ahead.
While City National was achieving yet anoth- er record performance in 2005, the company also continued its strategy of investing in the addition- al talent, resources and capabilities that enable it to deliver and enhance its value proposition as California’s Premier Private and Business Bank for its clients and shareholders, both for the short and long term.
In 2005, these results were achieved while an important transition was occurring in our senior management team that better positioned City National for additional growth in the future by adding more energy, experience, expertise and talent to the leadership of this company. A num- ber of proven City National leaders took on
2

   greater responsibilities and some talented new colleagues were recruited as City National broad- ened its product capabilities and opened four new branches to expand its reach into some of California’s most important communities in Orange County and downtown Los Angeles.
With the opening of these four branches, plus the relocation of two others, City National made the largest single-year commitment to its branch banking division in the history of the company. It was particularly fitting that, as part of City National’s 30th anniversary in Orange County – a region of 3 million people with an economy greater than those of 26 states – City National added offices in Newport Beach, Irvine and Anaheim. In addition, a fourth “de novo” office was opened in downtown Los Angeles. Two branches were moved into bigger and better quarters in Pasadena and at City National Plaza.
In five of these locations, the bank has intro- duced its next generation of premier banking offices with state-of-the-art technology, video con- ference facilities and expanded private banking services. These new offices have created a unique, attractive and productive banking environment for
City National was ranked No. 5 among the nation’s 150 largest publicly owned banks and thrifts by Bank Director magazine. Developed with assistance from investment banking firm Sandler O’Neill & Partners, the magazine’s “2005 Bank Performance Scorecard” measured each institution across three important categories: profitability, capital adequacy and asset quality.
3

   City National is well-positioned to grow in 11 California counties that are home to 450,000 millionaire households and 150,000 small and mid-sized businesses. In 2005, the company opened new branches in four of California’s most vibrant communities: Newport Beach, Irvine, Anaheim and downtown
Los Angeles.
City National’s clients that clearly communicates and delivers City National’s value proposition.
As part of its overall commitment to California, City National makes energy efficiency a priority in office construction and upgrades, and rewards colleagues who carpool and use public transportation in many of its locations, relieving congestion and reducing pollution.
City National now provides banking and wealth management services through 55 offices in Southern California, the San Francisco Bay Area and New York City. In 2006, City National will expand its presence in Southern California’s Inland Empire, which is one of the fastest growing areas in the United States, by expanding into a full- service office in Ontario. It also will move into an improved and more visible banking office in downtown San Diego, furthering the bank’s commitment and opportunity there. In addition, City National enlarged its asset-based lending operation, opened a new equipment leasing department and created a mortgage warehousing unit. These investments should make a positive contribution in 2006.
City National also significantly expanded its risk management operations and its regulatory
4

  compliance effectiveness and infrastructure. We dramatically expanded this team, developing and implementing strengthened compliance policies and programs as well as incurring some signifi- cant one-time professional fees to accelerate and enhance the company’s efforts in this vital area. In 2005, we made great progress in meeting the requirements – in letter and in spirit – of our agreement with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.
A Different Kind of Bank
City National is a different kind of bank – one that is very focused and relationship-driven in strong and growing urban markets, with a talented team of dedicated bankers, delivering competitive and complete financial solutions and strong relationships to a well-defined and attractive client base: entrepreneurs and profes- sionals, their businesses, their communities and their families. Unlike many of our competitors, City National’s seasoned relationship managers provide access for clients to a full spectrum of financial services that range from jumbo home mortgages to asset management, from commercial and real estate loans to online cash management,
from international trade finance and foreign exchange to equipment leasing and more.
City National’s distinctive business model provides its clients with a very special and much-appreciated banking experience. This cre- ates client satisfaction, which in turn produces loyalty, revenue and referrals. Nearly 70 percent of City National’s key clients have been with the bank five years or more, and over one-third came to us from referrals.
In 2005, Greenwich Associates surveyed thousands of business clients from 650 banking institutions across the United States. This presti- gious consulting firm asked each client to rate his or her bank according to service quality and client satisfaction. The top-performing banks received awards, but only three banks in the nation gar- nered six. Just one California bank was in that select group – City National.
Many colleagues at City National also do much to support the communities they serve. Last year, among many other things, they continued to donate time and resources to promote childhood literacy through the bank’s “Reading Is The Way Up” initiative. In three years, this effort has funded the purchase of more than 15,000 school
5

  library books and enabled many colleagues to vol- unteer their time in local schools helping children. Furthermore, City National and its colleagues donated more than $277,000 for victims of the Southeast Asia tsunami and the Gulf Coast hurricane.
2005 at a Glance
Another clear indication of City National’s successful business model is its exceptional deposit base. Average deposits reached $11.8 bil- lion last year, and well over half of them were noninterest bearing and interest checking. That explains why City National’s cost of funds was 69 basis points lower than the average of its peers and 88 basis points lower than the average of America’s 50 largest banks.
Combining this deposit mix with a rate- sensitive loan portfolio has given City National a net interest margin that is one of the highest in the industry. Last year it averaged 4.79 percent, up 25 basis points from 2004. Rising interest rates have clearly helped expand the bank’s margin.
In 2005, City National’s average loan balances grew to $8.9 billion, up 9 percent from 2004. Commercial lending and residential mortgages led the way and commercial real estate loans also
increased. At year-end, variable-rate loans com- prised about 58 percent of our total portfolio.
The bank’s strong credit quality continued to improve even further. Nonaccrual loans fell 58 percent and amounted to just 16 basis points of total loans at the end of 2005. As a result, the company made no provision for loan losses and remained well reserved.
Also contributing to City National’s success last year was noninterest income growth. Revenue from wealth management, international services, cash management and other fees together increased 13 percent over 2004 and now comprises about one-quarter of the company’s total revenue.
The lion’s share came from trust and investment fees, which increased 15 percent. City National Asset Management and the company’s 11 independent investment affiliates now manage or administer assets of $39.6 billion. This total has more than doubled in five years, thanks in part to the strong overall investment performance of our equity and fixed-income managers, and there is plenty of opportunity for further growth. In 2005, for the fifth straight year, Barron’s magazine named City National to its roster of America’s top wealth managers.
6

   City National’s international business also made a significant contribution to noninterest income. Its revenue rose 11 percent from 2004, due in part to increased demand for foreign exchange and trade finance as California’s role in international trade continues to expand dramat- ically. Cash management also did well in the face of rising rates and serves as an important source of both client retention and attraction.
City National’s capital levels continue to be significantly higher than minimum requirements, and its balance sheet is strong. In 2005, the com- pany continued to manage capital prudently and in a balanced way, improving its capital levels and increasing its ability to respond to investment and acquisition opportunities as well as any unexpected challenges.
Reflecting its commitment to build and enhance shareholder value, City National last year returned nearly half of its earnings to sharehold- ers through stock repurchases and dividend payments, repurchasing 630,500 shares at an aver- age price of $69.45 per share. Since 1995, nearly 11 million shares have been acquired by the cor- poration at an average cost of $31.42 per share.
City National continues to strengthen its presence in the San Francisco Bay Area, a $200 billion annual economy that
is home to a fast-growing small
business community. City National serves this region from seven offices, including four full-service regional centers. In addition to providing a full spectrum of financial services, the bank offers specialized teams with regional expertise in fields such as technology.
7

 EARNINGS PER DILUTED SHARE
(Consistent Basis) ($)
City National achieved record earnings for its 10th consecutive year. Earnings per dilut- ed share reached $4.60 in 2005, for a five-year compound annual growth rate of 11 percent.
EARNINGS AND REVENUE GROWTH
(Consistent Basis) ($ Millions)
The company reported double-digit revenue gains in 2005. Noninterest income grew at a five-year compound annual rate of 14 percent and now accounts for 25 per- cent of total revenue.
s Net Interest Income s Noninterest Income s Net Income
AVERAGE LOANS
($ Billions)
Average loans increased to nearly $9 billion in 2005. Commercial lending, real estate construction and commercial mortgages, and residential mortgages represented 37 percent, 29 percent and 28 percent of the loan portfolio, respectively.
s Commercial
s Real Estate Construction and
Commercial Mortgages
s Residential First Mortgages s Equity Lines of Credit
s Other
–5
–4
–3
–2
–1
– $0
– 1000
– 800
– 600
– 400
– 200
– $0
– 10
–8
–6
–4
–2
– $0
                                      01 02 03 04 05
01 02 03 04 05
01 02 03 04 05
A Company on the Move
City National generated significant organic revenue and earnings growth in 2005, in part because of the robust, dynamic economy in the communities that it serves.
California’s diverse economy, the eighth- largest in the world, in general remained strong throughout the year. Unemployment fell to 5.1 percent as the state added some 234,000 jobs. Personal income continued to grow. Construction and manufacturing activity improved. Legal, accounting and other professional services continued to expand. Travel and tourism picked up steam; Hollywood performed fairly well despite falling box office revenues, consolidation and other challenges; and real estate prices con- tinued to rise at a slower but more reasonable
pace. The Southern California economy is partic- ularly strong, and there are continued signs of improvement in the San Francisco Bay Area, one of the nation’s largest, most dynamic entrepreneur- ial regions.
California is the nation’s gateway to Asia and Latin America. Indeed, the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach together are the largest in the United States and the fourth-largest in the world as measured by container volume. A growing number of the state’s entrepreneurs are looking overseas to find additional markets and manufacturers for their products. City National is well-positioned to help these companies with solutions ranging from standby letters of credit and export insurance to online foreign exchange and international relationships.
8

 AVERAGE DEPOSITS
($ Billions)
Average deposits now total nearly $12 bil- lion, increasing at a five-year compound annual rate of 13 percent. Well over half of them are noninterest-bearing and interest checking.
s Core s Other
ASSETS UNDER MANAGEMENT OR ADMINISTRATION
($ Billions)
Managed assets have reached $19.3 bil- lion, while assets under management or administration have grown at a five-year com- pound annual rate of 17 percent. Wealth management now accounts for 58 percent of noninterest income.
s Administration s Management
TOTAL CORPORATE ASSETS
($ Billions)
Total assets reached $14.6 billion in 2005 – an increase of more than 60 percent since 2000.
– 12 – 10 –8 –6 –4 –2 – $0
– 40 – 35 – 30 – 25 – 20 – 15 – 10 –5 – $0
– 15 – 12 –9 –6 –3 – $0
                         01 02 03 04 05
01 02 03 04 05
01 02 03 04 05
In the 11 California counties where City National does business, there are more than 27 million people, 450,000 millionaire households and 150,000 small and mid-sized businesses. This company still has just a small share of these markets, leaving significant opportunities, even in a competitive environment, for City National to expand. Of course, New York City, the nation’s richest market, presents an almost limitless oppor- tunity for the bank, which it has successfully begun to tap.
To expand our reach into these growing and robust markets, we made a number of important investments last year – investments in people, premises, products and technologies.
We are particularly pleased to have wel- comed many talented colleagues into our
organization last year and to have promoted oth- ers into key leadership positions.
One of them was the company’s very experienced and skillful chief credit officer, Christopher Warmuth, who, in May, was named president of City National Bank and a director of the company. Chris succeeded George Benter, who now serves in an important new role as vice chairman, focusing on client relationships, busi- ness development and colleague development.
A dynamic and successful City National banker, Dallas Haun, was promoted to an impor- tant new leadership position as head of all California Commercial and Private Banking Services, which will more effectively deliver City National’s best practices through its 12 full- service regional centers.
9

  Richard Byrd, an effective and energetic wealth management executive, joined the com- pany to lead City National’s growing Wealth Management Services division.
City National’s commitment to having the very best talent is further reflected in four other additions to its senior management team and executive committee. In February 2006, Brian Fitzmaurice joined the company as executive vice president and chief credit officer. Brian brings to City National more than 20 years of credit and risk management experience and is an excellent fit with the company’s commitment to consistent quality earnings growth. John Pedersen was pro- moted to executive vice president and senior risk management officer. John has more than two decades of banking and regulatory experi- ence, including more than a year of fine work at City National.
Joining them on City National’s executive committee are Executive Vice President Richard Shier, the talented director of the bank’s Operations Services group, and Gwen Miller, another proven City National banker, who was promoted to executive vice president in charge
of City National’s flagship Private Banking group in West Los Angeles. City National’s growing presence in Orange County and San Diego was reflected in the promotion of Tom Rogers to executive vice president for those vibrant areas.
In 2005, Robert H. Tuttle resigned from the Board of Directors to become the United States ambassador to the United Kingdom. City National deeply appreciates Bob’s valuable service and counsel as a director, and we wish him great suc- cess in his new, important role in the service of our nation. Our company’s loss is America’s gain.
Completing her fourth term of service to the bank and the corporation, Andrea Van de Kamp will be leaving the Board of Directors in April 2006 to focus on her new business venture investing in and financing works of art. We wish her well and express our appreciation for her support and counsel on the Board.
On a much sadder note, we regret to report that City National lost a great friend and colleague last year. Frank Pekny, former vice chairman and chief financial officer for 12 years, passed away in August. Frank was an extremely effective, well- liked and respected leader at City National. We
10

   miss him and will always value and remember his many contributions to this company.
Looking Forward
Starting with its strong franchise and repu- tation, its position as California’s Premier Private and Business Bank, its loyal and extraordinary client base, its 52-year history and track record, its core competencies and culture, and then adding the many pieces that this company put into place in 2005 and in the beginning of 2006, plus the strong organic growth that this organi- zation delivered in the fourth quarter of 2005, City National is clearly on The way up®.
City National benefits from a clear and well- defined focus, with a diverse and promising set of initiatives from small business to wealth man- agement, from private banking to business banking, from equipment leasing to mortgage warehousing, from cash management to interna- tional, from the entertainment industry to real estate, from professional services to manufactur- ing and trade and much more.
City National is not trying to be all things to all people, but rather is very good (increasingly
City National has long been providing financial services to the entertainment industry and to professional firms, their principals, partners and colleagues.
With the opening of its New York office in 2002, the bank ensured that its services – ranging from production financing, escrow services and production accounts to cash management solutions, employee benefits programs and specialized pri- vate banking – would be available to clients on both coasts.
11

   California is America’s leading interna- tional gateway. Last year, international trade through California was valued at $436 billion. A growing number of small and mid-sized companies are taking advantage of international sales opportunities, and City National helps them by providing foreign exchange services, standby letters of credit, export insurance and more.
so) at delivering all things financial to a well- defined group of clients.
City National is also not trying to be every- where and do everything but rather has had and continues to have a thoughtful, carefully calibrat- ed strategic expansion plan that is focused on: (1) retaining, rewarding, developing and attract- ing the very best talent in banking and wealth management; (2) growing and creating “critical mass” in dense, economically robust urban mar- kets rich with the bank’s kinds of clients, principally in California; (3) adding new capabil- ities, facilities, products, services and expertise that will enhance and improve City National’s ability to meet all of the financial needs of its clients and its ability to attract new ones; (4) building and sus- taining a premium shareholder value, in part by appropriately using all the tools in its capital tool- box, by delivering consistent quality earnings growth, and by investing in the long-term future growth of the company, its people, products, services and capabilities; and (5) meeting fully the standards of good corporate governance, respon- sible corporate citizenship, and risk management and regulatory requirements.
12

  Appreciation
The more than 2,500 talented, dedicated and effective colleagues with whom we are privileged to work are, as always, central to the success of this company. They deliver great service, real rela- tionships and highly competitive financial solutions that clients truly value (as Greenwich discovered) and every day embody City National’s strong culture and value system of P.R.I.D.E. – People, Relationships, Integrity, Dedication and Entrepreneurs. Our strong optimism for the future of City National is based upon the extraor- dinary commitment, capabilities, achievements and aspirations of our colleagues. As the last
Sincerely,
Bram Goldsmith
Chairman
City National Corporation
March 9, 2006
10 years have demonstrated, each year this team works more efficiently, productively and professionally on behalf of our four key constituencies. We want to express our deep appreciation to all of our colleagues and to our dedicated and diligent Board of Directors. We are also very grateful for the loyal support of our clients, our communities and, of course, you, our shareholders. There is a special and mutual bond of trust that all of us at City National share with these constituencies. We value very much that special relationship and the confidence they have placed in us.
Thank you very much.
  Russell Goldsmith
President and CEO
City National Corporation Chairman and CEO
City National Bank
13
