 To Our Shareholders
2011 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT CITY NATIONAL CORPORATION
2011 was another profitable and productive year at City National, with an improving performance culminating in the company’s 19th consecutive year of profitability.
2011 Highlights
Despite extremely low interest rates, tepid loan demand, continuing margin pressure and a sluggish economy, City National delivered a number of noteworthy achievements in 2011.
n Net income increased 37 percent from 2010 to $172.4 million.
n Revenue reached an all-time high of $1.1 billion.
n Assets grew 11 percent to a record $23.7 billion.
n Average core deposits increased 10 percent to a record $18.5 billion.
n Average loans, excluding FDIC-covered loans, grew to $11.7 billion. Average commercial loans were up 10 percent, in spite of low levels of line utilization.
n Credit quality continued to improve by nearly every measure, and the company recorded provisions totaling just $12.5 million, a dramatic 88 percent decline from 2010.
n City National’s wealth management business now oversees nearly $54.5 billion in client assets.
n The company’s capital levels remain strong. At year end, City National had more than $2.1 billion
in total equity (over $40 per share) and a Tier 1 common ratio of 10.2 percent.
n In January 2012, the Board of Directors increased the quarterly dividend 25 percent, to $0.25 a share, or $1 per year, which is in line with the corporation’s long-standing policy of paying 30 percent to 35 percent of trailing-year earnings to shareholders.
Russell Goldsmith (Right)
President and CEO, City National Corporation Chairman and CEO, City National Bank
Bram Goldsmith
Chairman, City National Corporation
 
2011 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT CITY NATIONAL CORPORATION PAGE 2/3
Stronger Now Than Ever
Looking back not only at 2011, but also the challenges presented by the economic crises of the past three years, remarkably, City National has emerged from this period as the 26th largest American bank – bigger and better, safer and stronger than ever – with improved capabilities, an enhanced reputation and an unwavering commitment to exceed client expectations and become the most recommended financial services provider in the communities it serves.
While some financial institutions continued to struggle with credit issues, layoffs, excessive cost cutting, foreclosure-related legal challenges and other difficulties and distractions that this company does not have, City National continued to selectively add talented colleagues, state-of-the-art products and technology, and new strategic office locations. Today, City National is better positioned than ever to meet the financial needs and objectives of its valued clients and to fulfill its value proposition as a premier private and business bank.
Since the financial crisis began in 2008, City National has added 17 banking offices and grown deposits by $7.7 billion, an increase of more than 60 percent. Average core deposits have grown to a remarkable 96 percent of total balances.
During the last three years, City National has grown its talented team 9 percent with the addition of 267 colleagues, attracted thousands of new clients and enhanced its capital. The company has purchased four banks in California and Nevada from the FDIC, strengthened its banking and wealth management businesses across the full spectrum of the company, and grown its physical and digital platforms substantially.
City National has grown its average earning assets more than 40 percent to $20.8 billion and taken nearly all of the construction risk out of its loan portfolio over the past three years. It also has strengthened its balance sheet, enhanced its reputation, increased its market share and continued to make the substantial investments needed to best serve its clients, colleagues, communities and shareholders.
  $1,200 1,000
800 600 400 200 0
Revenue ($ in millions)
City National turned in another strong performance
in 2011. Revenue exceeded $1.1 billion for the first time.
 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011
n Net Interest Income
n Noninterest Income

 2011 was City National’s 19th consecutive year of profitability.
  $5 4
Earnings Per Diluted Share ($)
City National posted earnings per diluted share of 3 $3.21 in 2011, up 36 percent from the prior year.
2
1
Despite the challenges of low interest rates and a slow-growing economy, the company’s outlook for continuing growth is good.
0
 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011
Proven Business Model
A client-centered value proposition, an ever-expanding array of financial products, services and expertise, and the exceptional service and relationships provided by 3,300 colleagues distinguish City National every day from other financial institutions. This was corroborated in 2011, when Greenwich Associates again recognized City National with seven excellence awards for business banking, and Barron’s magazine ranked City National among the nation’s top wealth managers – for the 11th consecutive year.
As it has for almost 60 years, City National focuses on real relationships with entrepreneurs and their businesses, professionals and their firms, investors, and the families of all these clients, who are the heart of the economy in the communities City National serves. The bank’s combination of sophisticated business and private banking plus wealth management is highly complementary and constructive for its clients and, at the same time, provides a diverse mix of fee and interest income. It also yields a diverse loan portfolio, a low-cost deposit base and strong asset quality.
Expanding in Strategic Locations
In 2011, City National added a net total of five branches, bringing its count to 79. The company added two locations in Los Angeles, opened second offices in New York City and San Jose, and expanded into Nashville and Atlanta, primarily to serve their vibrant entertainment industries. City National now serves clients in five states, focusing on economically dynamic and densely populated urban areas.

2011 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT CITY NATIONAL CORPORATION PAGE 4/5
Strong Balance Sheet
Improving credit quality contributed significantly to City National’s substantial earnings growth in 2011. Net charge-offs fell 96 percent from a year earlier, nonperforming assets went down 42 percent and classified loans continued their steady decline. The company’s allowance for loan and lease losses was a healthy 2.13 percent of total loans, excluding FDIC-covered loans.
City National remained well-capitalized, providing both a comfortable margin of safety for clients, investors and shareholders and the capacity for future corporate growth. At the same time, it enables the company to provide an increased and reasonable return on capital to its shareholders through its dividend.
Conservative Risk Profile
City National deliberately avoided the types of high-risk lending, including subprime mortgages, mortgage securitizations and proprietary trading activities that have created significant problems for some banks and their clients. Instead, the company has stayed true to its roots and maintained a highly disciplined approach to lending and credit quality.
City National’s $12.3 billion loan portfolio, excluding FDIC-covered loans (which now total $1.5 billion), is well-diversified and balanced. Commercial loan balances represent about 43 percent of total loan balances, while one-third of the portfolio consists of very high-quality residential mortgage loans to our private banking clients. As a result, in 2011, the company recorded only five foreclosures in its single-family mortgage portfolio of $3.8 billion.
Loans on finished commercial properties, which have fared well during the crisis, account for another 17 percent of the total loan portfolio, while construction lending, where most of the credit issues in the past three years have been focused, now accounts for less than 3 percent of the total City National loan portfolio.
The Impact of Financial Reform
Like many mid-sized regional banks that maintained disciplined lending standards and avoided the problems and questionable practices of some of the biggest banks, City National is less affected by the
  2007 2008 2009
2010 2011
$12 9
Average Loans1 ($ in billions)
Average loans, excluding loans covered by loss-sharing
agreements with the FDIC, grew to $11.7 billion in 2011, 6 as demand picked up in the second half of the year.
3 0
n Commercial
n Construction and Commercial Real Estate n Residential Mortgage
n Equity Lines of Credit n Other
City National expects loan growth to continue in 2012.
 1 Excludes FDIC-covered loans

 City National continued to invest in its future with the addition of new people, products, offices and technologies.
  $20
15 10 5 0
Average Deposits ($ in billions)
Average deposit balances grew to $19.3 billion in 2011, reflecting the continuing confidence of City National’s depositors. Average core deposits were up 10 percent from 2010, and they now equal 96 percent of the company’s total deposit balances.
n Core n Other
 2007 2008 2009
2010 2011
massive Dodd-Frank legislation than much larger institutions. Although the new rules have added to the cost and complexity of doing business at all banks, including City National, and many new rules and regulatory practices have yet to be determined, we believe their collective impact upon City National will be manageable.
Excellent Prospects for Long-Term Growth
In 2012, the company will continue to invest in its future by selectively opening several new offices in New York City and Northern California, expanding its considerable capabilities and introducing new products.
City National is also taking significant steps to improve its online services capabilities and digital delivery system. The addition of a dedicated digital channels manager last year and an expanding digital channels team this year reflects the fact that a growing number of City National clients and prospective clients are now choosing to bank more often through their computers, smart phones and personal tablets – or they will be in the future. We believe City National has real opportunities to excel in the digital space. The success of Datafaction, which we acquired just over one year ago, and the recent relaunch of the company’s Website (cnb.com) demonstrate this.
In addition, the company continues to expand its array of product and service capabilities. Recent examples include Platinum Checking, which offers the convenience of using ATMs around the world without paying access fees, and the company’s new Personal Remote Deposit Capture service, which makes it easier for clients to deposit checks from their homes. For business clients, there are improved

2011 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT CITY NATIONAL CORPORATION PAGE 6/7
online business services, additional fraud protection offerings and expanded online international capabilities.
More new products and technology are on the way for our clients in 2012: mobile banking for individuals and businesses, enhanced personal online banking and a chip-based credit card that can be used worldwide.
For years, City National has developed specific expertise, specialized lending and deposits, and products and services, as well as certain colleagues, to focus upon particular industries – like entertainment, legal services and real estate. That approach has worked quite well and is successfully expanding to healthcare, franchise finance and more.
Building upon its experience and expertise with both corporate lending and asset-based lending, last year City National opportunistically purchased a $170 million portfolio of asset-based loans to larger corporations. The company also added several talented colleagues to manage and grow this portfolio.
Since California and Nevada alone are home to nearly 1 million small businesses, City National has recently realigned its branch banking sales force to take better advantage of its expanded physical footprint and the growing opportunities for small business financial services as the economy continues to improve. Already, SBA lending at City National has expanded meaningfully.
City National also has strengthened its international trade services, including its export letters of credit and foreign exchange. Global trade is expected to grow significantly over the next few years, and California is uniquely positioned to benefit. In fact, the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach together are the largest port complex in the United States, and the Port of Oakland is the nation’s fourth busiest container port.
The company is particularly well-positioned to take advantage of the growing market for wealth management services through its extensive offering of sophisticated solutions in investment management, brokerage, trust, financial planning and retirement services – which are all fully integrated with personal banking and credit solutions. While continuing to enhance our proprietary investment capabilities, City National has acquired independent investment firms and opened the investment platform to include money managers from around the globe. This means clients have access
  $60 Assets Under Management or
50
40
Administration ($ in billions)
Assets under management or administration totaled
30 $54.5 billion, including more than $31 billion under
20 10 0
direct management. For the 11th year in a row, Barron’s magazine named City National to its list of America’s top wealth managers.
n Administration n Management
 2007 2008 2009
2010 2011

 The company’s $54 billion wealth management business provides clients with objective advice and a full array of global investment capabilities.
  $25 20 15 10
5 0
Total Corporate Assets ($ in billions)
City National ranks as the nation’s 26th largest bank, with $23.7 billion in total assets. The company today is bigger and better, safer and stronger than ever.
 2007 2008 2009
2010 2011
to a full array of global investment capabilities and investment talent, including City National Asset Management, City National Securities, Convergent Wealth Advisors, Lee Munder Capital and more.
Through these firms, City National Wealth Management continues to grow in size, breadth of services and depth of capability. At year end, City National managed or administered investment assets of more than $54 billion, more than any other bank our size, and that does not include our meaningful minority ownership interest in Matthews International, an outstanding $15.3 billion leader for Asian equities.
The company’s investment advisory approach provides clients with objective advice and flexibility, and City National continues to enhance its capabilities to help clients protect and grow their investments. For example, in addition to introducing its multi-manager open architecture, City National Asset Management also recently launched its proprietary High Dividend Equity Strategy. Both strategic initiatives are performing well.
The ability to provide its banking clients with investment services is one of City National’s distinguishing characteristics and is centered in the bank’s Private Client Services and Entertainment divisions. However, in 2008, the company expanded those capabilities into its branch network by introducing its Preferred Banking program for clients with investable assets of at least $250,000. This program combines tailored investment strategies and products with the personal service of dedicated bankers and financial advisors. In just over four years, it has brought to the bank more than $1 billion in new loans, deposits and investments. One-third of this growth has come from new relationships.

2011 SUMMARY ANNUAL REPORT CITY NATIONAL CORPORATION PAGE 8/9
 In 2012, City National will again balance the need to grow with disciplined expense management and productivity improvements.
Looking Ahead in 2012
The economy picked up in the second half of 2011, and in 2012 we expect to see continued modest GDP growth in the range of 2 percent to 2.5 percent.
Of course, that assumes no major negative economic events elsewhere in the world. There are, however, headwinds and wild cards that could change and diminish the economic outlook. The high levels of unemployment, the continuing weaknesses in housing and the impact of globalization all dampen economic growth in the U.S. The continuing uncertainty over U.S. fiscal policy, high federal deficits and tax policy has a negative effect on the economy. The prospect of a prolonged recession in Europe also presents uncertainty and jeopardizes global growth. Iran also presents many uncertainties, particularly with regard to energy prices and its supply of oil to the global marketplace.
Despite extremely low interest rates that appear certain to continue through 2012, and the other economic factors just outlined, City National anticipates continuing net income growth in 2012. Loans, deposits and capital ratios are expected to increase, and credit quality will likely continue to improve, though rising loan balances typically require appropriately higher loan-loss provisions.
The company is naturally asset-sensitive, with a large portfolio of variable rate loans that are funded by low-cost, core deposits. So City National stands to benefit significantly when interest rates ultimately increase to more normal levels in future years.
In Appreciation
The success City National has achieved is the work of a remarkable team. We extend our sincere gratitude to City National’s outstanding Board of Directors for their guidance and support during these challenging times.
We also thank City National’s Executive Committee and all 3,300 of our colleagues. Their hard work, effectiveness and dedication are critical to the company’s achievements and reputation. This diverse team of men and women consistently delivers superb results for our clients, communities and shareholders.
City National’s commitment to building better communities has always been integral to its success, its reputation and its purpose.

City National is especially grateful for the privilege of serving so many remarkable clients. We thank them for their business, their confidence and their referrals. City National remains committed to meeting all of their financial needs on The way up®.
We also want to express our appreciation to the communities we serve. City National’s commitment to building better communities has always been integral to its success, its reputation and its purpose. Since 2001, the bank has donated nearly $36 million to nonprofit organizations that serve our com- munities. Through our Reading is The way up® literacy program, City National and its colleagues have also donated more than 115,000 new books to school libraries in four states and made literacy grants of almost $500,000 to teachers at elementary, middle and high schools. In addition, during the past two years the bank has donated more than 45,000 school supplies to at-risk schools in the communi- ties we serve. At City National, our colleagues not only give money, but also give of themselves. In 2011, our colleagues logged more than 25,000 hours of volunteer service, and in the past five years colleagues have donated more than 78,000 hours of community service with the support of the bank. City National and its colleagues are helping both our clients and our communities on The way up.
Lastly, we want to thank you – our shareholders – for the enormous confidence and trust you have placed in City National. Along with our entire organization, we are determined to continue to build value for the shareholders of City National.
Conclusion
The selective and strategic investments that City National has made, and continues to make, in its people, products, technology, services, new offices and marketing have enhanced the company’s capa- bilities and its performance, and positioned it well for future growth opportunities.
Even in the current economic environment, City National has more opportunities than challenges. The bank will continue to expand, lend funds, add clients, hire selectively and invest in its future, even as the company delivers greater productivity, in order to provide maximum value to its clients, its colleagues, its shareholders and the communities it serves.
Thank you for your support of City National.
Russell Goldsmith Bram Goldsmith
President and CEO, City National Corporation Chairman, City National Corporation Chairman and CEO, City National Bank
  February 28, 2012
