Dear Shareholders
William R. Nuti
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     Over the past few decades, technology innovation and adoption, consumer behavior and trends, and businesses’ continued drive
to increase productivity are among the forces of change that have helped shape an exciting opportunity for NCR. These forces of change have altered the way the world works, lives, plays and learns at a greater speed than at any other time in the Information Age – and these trends will only continue. This is good news for NCR,
a company that has not only proven its own technological prowess over time, but whose innovation is now focused on leading how the world connects, interacts and transacts with business. By enabling the next generation of customer interactions, via point- of-service, mobile and online channels, we are empowering businesses worldwide to better serve their customers how,
when and where they choose.
Having this laser focus on the distinct market opportunity before us was made possible in 2007 with the successful spin off of our Teradata Data Warehousing business as an independent publicly traded company to you, our shareholders. The spin off decision also provided Teradata the ability to better focus on delivering industry-leading enterprise data warehousing solutions to customers worldwide. I am proud of the investment NCR made in this business to position it for success, and I wish the Teradata team continued success in the years ahead.
2007 Results
In 2007, excluding Teradata’s financial results, NCR increased revenues 8 percent to $5 billion. This was the first year since the 1997 spin off from AT&T that NCR has achieved significant
top-line growth. Total income from operations increased from $154 million in 2006 to $219 million in 2007, and net income improved by $20 million to $171 million in 2007. In December 2007, NCR’s leadership team announced a strategic plan that is primarily focused on driving profitable revenue growth and further improvements to our cost structure and our capital structure. We expect these changes to drive a $0.65 to $0.90 increase in
EPS by 2010.
Financial Self Service Revenue was up 15 percent compared
to 2006. Operating income increased to $206 million from
$171 million. We experienced strong growth in both EMEA and Asia-Pacific partially offset by softness in the Americas markets. We drove these outstanding results while completing our ATM manufacturing realignment in 2007. The success of this project
 By enabling the next generation of customer interactions, via point-of-service, mobile and online channels, we are empowering businesses worldwide
to better serve their customers how, when and where they choose.
 
 benefited segment margins and positioned us more competitively for the long term. Specifically, we shifted production from Dundee, Scotland, to Budapest, Hungary, in Europe and moved to an outsourcing manufacturing model for the Americas countries.
Retail Store Automation Revenue was up 13 percent compared to 2006, a truly significant milestone for NCR. Operating income increased to $41 million. Year-over-year margin improvement came from growth in self-service solutions which comprised approximately 30 percent of this segment’s 2007 revenues.
Customer Services Revenue was up 7 percent compared to 2006 and delivered $134 million of operating income. Revenue growth was led by ATM customer service maintenance as we experienced better-than-expected attach rates and were successful at marketing more higher-value managed services contracts.
In terms of market share, metrics we follow very closely, NCR is currently #1 in global ATM market share, #1 in retail self-checkout, #1 in airline kiosk self-check-in, #1 in healthcare self-check-in kiosks and #2 in point-of-sale retail terminals. Over time, our goal remains to be the number one market share leader in every market we serve.
Going Forward
With this strong performance in 2007 and the strategic separation of Teradata behind us, NCR enjoys an outstanding opportunity to expand our leadership in a growing worldwide market for self-service solutions.
In the financial industry, there are over 50 billion ATM transactions each year. The growth of ATMs in emerging markets will continue at a higher rate than in mature markets, while mature markets such as the United States will begin to deploy deposit automation solutions to further enhance the capability of the ATM channel. Other industries are also becoming significant users of self-service solutions. For example, more than two-thirds of airline travelers have used a kiosk to check in for a flight. General merchandise,
2007 REVENUE MIX BY GEOGRAPHY
Europe / Middle East / Africa $1,906m United States $1,743m Asia/Pacific(excludingJapan) $593m Americas(excludingUnitedStates) $405m Japan $323m
04 05 06 07
INCOME
FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
04 05 06 07
REVENUE
FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
$28m
$120m $154m
$4,635m $4,561m
$4,582m
$219m
$4,970m
             grocery and home-improvement retailers continue to increase their use of self-checkout solutions. The self-service movement is global, ubiquitous and growing rapidly, and we see continued revenue growth opportunities in newer verticals such as travel and hospitality, healthcare, entertainment and gaming, and the public sector. Across the board, self-service provides a reliable and affordable means to elevate customer loyalty, improve employee service levels, optimize revenue growth and drive
up productivity.
NCR partners with customers and leading innovators across the globe who are incorporating our self-service solutions to set a new standard in customer service and satisfaction. A few examples include: the world’s third largest food retailer, Tesco, which has deployed NCR self-checkout across Great Britain and in other countries as well; Parkland Health & Hospital System in Dallas, which uses our MediKiosks for emergency room check-in to speed the delivery of care and streamline registration processes; and
US Airways, which offers speedy and convenient self-service check- in at all of its locations in the United States and the Caribbean.
And we continue to expand self-service options with new solutions and through partnerships that enable a multichannel approach, such as those initiated this year with partners such as ViVOtech, CIMA, Pitney Bowes, Cisco, Alcatel-Lucent, mShift and MFoundry.
       NCR 07 LetterToShareholders 1

   Strong Market Position
  Whether shopping in a store, interfacing with a call center, or using a mobile device, a kiosk, an ATM or the Internet – consumers want an experience that is seamless, consistent, convenient and available. Advances in each of these channels continue to progress, and NCR expects to lead the charge and meet the needs of
the marketplace.
2008 will be the most significant year for new product introductions since our spin off from AT&T over a decade ago. For example, in January we launched our new ATM product family. This solution, called NCR SelfServTM, will help our customers by delivering higher levels of availability, usability, manageability and security. The NCR engineers who designed this product also went to great lengths to ensure that it was easier to manufacture and easier to service. This better design means quicker production times and reduced repair times if the ATM should require service.
We’ve also extended our self-service portfolio into the digital media market with NCR Xpress Entertainment, a next-generation multichannel entertainment kiosk solution. In retail self-service, we expanded our offerings with such innovative applications as merchandise self-return and gift-card kiosk solutions. And our latest entry in the travel self-service market – a solution to handle the rental car pick-up/check-in process – is being rolled out by
a major U.S. chain to select locations this spring.
We continue to make changes to sharpen our customer focus and optimize our infrastructure. Under our past business unit operating model, there was more room for inconsistent process execution coupled with redundant spending and resource allocation. We have moved to a single global sales and global operations business structure in 2008. This will allow our integrated business operations to run as efficiently as possible. It will also allow our global NCR sales force to sell the entire suite of NCR solutions – solutions that
2007 REVENUE MIX BY BUSINESS UNIT*
Customer Services $1,943m Financial Self Service $1,636m Retail Store Automation $985m Systemedia $455m
Payment & Imaging and Other $156m
*Elimination of installation-related services revenue included in both the Customer Services and other segments was ($205m) in 2007.
are designed to meet consumer demands for service availability and business needs for productivity improvement, channel reach and customer satisfaction.
Going forward, NCR is well positioned to capture our market opportunities. We have unrivaled experience, innovation and technology, and the global strength to lead businesses through today’s unprecedented evolution of change. And, we have a stronger management team in place – a team that is deserving of recognition for delivering excellent results in 2007. Together with our partners, suppliers and customers, we look forward to making additional improvements in 2008 and beyond.
Thank you for your continued interest and support.
William R. Nuti
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
#1 Retail Self-Checkout
  #1ATM
  #1Airline Self-Check-in
         NCR 07 LetterToShareholders 2
      