Building the Next Era of Clean Energy
To our Shareholders:
even though we faced some unexpected challenges in 2009, we had a solid year overall,
which is a testament to the strategy we’ve adopted
at fpl group. on a one-year basis, we delivered a total return to our shareholders of 9 percent, which fell short of the 26 percent returned by the s&p 500 index but exceeded the 3 percent returned by the s&p electric utilities index.
over the longer term, shareholders have been
handsomely rewarded by fpl group's strategy. in the
past five years, our 66 percent total shareholder return
easily outpaced the 37 percent return for the electric
utilities index and the 2 percent return of the s&p 500. And over 10 years, our 253 percent total shareholder return towered over the 134 percent returned by the electric utilities index and the negative 9 percent returned by the s&p 500.
We are proud of the returns we have delivered to you over the past 10 years, and you have our commitment that we will work hard to make the next 10 years just as rewarding. What is consistent across both of our main businesses is a strong commitment to operational excellence, financial strength, financial discipline and being the leading clean energy company of the future. this focus has served us well in the past, and i am confident it will continue to do so in the future.
NextEra Energy Resources –
The Leading Player in Clean Energy
in 2009, nextera energy resources maintained its status as
the largest renewable energy provider in the nation by a margin of more than 2-to-1 over its closest competitor. the company delivered strong performance overall, despite some significant challenges during the year.
in 2009, the company added approximately 1,170 megawatts
of wind capacity in north America. this included 985 megawatts
of newly built projects in colorado, illinois, iowa, north Dakota, oklahoma and oregon, and the purchase from subsidiaries of babcock & brown limited of 185 megawatts of operating wind projects in south Dakota, texas and Wisconsin. in all, nextera energy resources now owns more than 7,540 net megawatts of wind capacity in 17 states and canada and remains north America’s wind energy leader. through 2009, the company had invested approximately $11 billion in its wind business.
nextera energy resources’ net income on a gAAp basis in 2009 was $849 million, or $2.08 per share, compared with $915 million, or $2.27 per share, in 2008. on an adjusted basis,1 nextera energy resources’ earnings were $882 million, or $2.16 per share, compared with $821 million, or $2.04 per share, for 2008.
this growth in adjusted earnings per share of approximately
6 percent was driven largely by the new wind projects and favorable performance by its energy marketing and trading business and texas
retail energy business. these results were partially offset by unfavorable market conditions in texas and a poor wind resource.
i’ve said before that we believe solar has the potential to be the next wind business at nextera energy resources, and our solar strategy started to bear fruit in 2009. in october, we announced we had entered into a contract to sell 250 megawatts of solar thermal power from our proposed genesis solar energy project to pacific gas and electric company. the new facility will use the same basic technology we have mastered at our existing solar arrays in california – the 310-megawatt solar
electric generating systems, which is the world’s largest solar power plant. the genesis project is expected to produce enough renewable electricity to power more than 80,000 homes and will also create jobs and a positive economic impact for california’s riverside county.
it does little good to generate renewable energy if we can’t transport it to customers. our nation’s electricity transmission system was designed decades ago to deliver electricity mainly from coal, natural gas and nuclear plants, not to handle the large volumes of wind and solar energy we’ve seen coming online in recent years. in 2009, we completed a 200-mile generation tie line linking our West texas wind assets to the more favorable south texas zone. roughly two weeks after the line went into service, a record 6,223 megawatts of wind power was generated in texas. At one point in the day, wind power met 25 percent of the system’s demand. We plan to continue to pursue additional large-scale opportunities to develop, build and operate new transmission facilities that support the growth of renewable energy.
Florida Power & Light Company –
Delivering Affordable, Reliable, Clean Energy
florida power & light company is one of the nation’s largest, most efficient and cleanest utilities. in 2009, the company continued to provide customers with the lowest typical monthly bill in florida, exceptional reliability, and one of the cleanest environmental profiles in the industry.
At fpl, 2009 earnings per share grew by 4 percent over
the prior year. While the economy in florida remained weak, the company was helped by the impact of unusually warm weather. net income for 2009 was $831 million, or $2.04 per share, compared with $789 million, or $1.96 per share, in 2008.
operationally, it was a standout year for fpl.
in october, with president obama in attendance, we commissioned the Desoto next generation solar energy center, the largest solar photovoltaic power plant in the united states. During the year, construction also began on fpl’s martin and space coast next generation solar energy centers, which are slated to open this year. these solar sites will boost fpl’s generation of clean energy.
FPL GROUP 2009 AnnuAl report AR-1
 Lewis Hay, III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   1 Adjusted earnings exclude the mark-to-market effect of non-qualifying hedges and other than temporary impairment losses on certain investments. see page Ar-3 for reconciliations of adjusted amounts to gAAp.

  on the demand side, the company’s programs to control usage, according to the most recently available data, remained no. 1 in the country, avoiding more cumulative megawatts of generation than any other utility. fpl’s carbon dioxide emissions rate was also among the lowest in the country, at 845 pounds per megawatt-hour in 2009 compared to an industry average of 1,297 pounds per megawatt-hour.
At the Desoto commissioning, president obama announced that fpl was awarded $200 million in recovery Act funds to invest in a stronger, smarter, cleaner and more efficient electrical grid. energy smart florida, which includes a $378 million investment by fpl, will install revolutionary new technologies that are designed to increase the overall efficiency of fpl’s electrical system while detecting potential problems and automatically reconfiguring the grid to minimize power outages. in short, energy smart florida is expected to help keep bills low and reliability high for customers. moreover, smart meters will give customers the ability to see
their usage online by the hour, day and month, enabling them to better understand their energy consumption and paving the way for them to make more energy-efficient, cost-saving choices.
During 2009, we also completed construction of units 1 and 2
at our West county energy center. these are twin 1,220-megawatt natural gas combined-cycle generating units. A third natural gas combined-cycle unit, scheduled to deliver 1,220 megawatts of clean energy beginning in 2011, is currently under construction. these investments are increasing the efficiency of florida power & light’s generation fleet, providing savings to customers through projected fuel-cost reductions over the life of the units, and reducing emissions.
overall, florida power & light’s fossil fuel fleet reached a new level of efficiency in 2009, creating more electricity from less fuel than ever before. our investments at fpl since 2002 in cleaner, more efficient technology avoided approximately 4.9 million tons of carbon dioxide emissions in 2009, while saving our customers an estimated $440 million in fuel costs.
no less important are fpl’s efforts to prudently manage costs. for all of 2009, our o&m expenses in this business were $1.42 per kilowatt-hour. for the industry as a whole, o&m expenses averaged $2.11 per kilowatt-hour in 2008, the most recent data available. fpl’s efficiency is matched by its reliability, which is 46 percent better than the national average in terms of total minutes without power.
Despite this track record of superior efficiency, reliability and environmental performance, we received a disappointing outcome in our florida rate case. remarkably, the company with the lowest monthly residential bill in florida was awarded the lowest return on equity. i believe this type of performance should be rewarded, not penalized. even so, we will manage through this decision
and continue to deliver exceptional value for our customers and shareholders alike.
over the longer term, i continue to be optimistic about florida’s economy. our state has historically been one of the fastest growing in the nation. With good weather, no state income taxes, and the “baby boomers” just starting to reach retirement age, i believe that the long-term growth prospects for florida remain favorable.
FPL GROUP 2009 AR-2 AnnuAl report
Recognition for outstanding Performance
At fpl group, we have a strong commitment to doing the right thing – financially, environmentally and socially. i’m pleased that fpl group’s achievements were recognized in all three areas last year.
for the third straight year, fpl group in 2009 was ranked no. 1 among electric and gas utilities in Fortune magazine’s most Admired companies listing, and we learned in march 2010 that fpl group had been ranked no. 1 for a record fourth year in a row. Just as satisfying: We were ranked one of the top 10 companies worldwide for innovation, joining such industry leaders as Apple, google, nike and Amazon.com. Within our industry, we were also proud to receive power company of the Year honors at the 2009 platts global energy Awards.
on the environmental front, fpl group was named to the 2009 Dow Jones sustainability index (DJsi) of the leading companies in north America for corporate sustainability. in addition, the company was named to the 2009 carbon Disclosure leadership index, which is produced by the carbon Disclosure project to highlight companies that excel in the area of climate change disclosure.
And in the area of social responsibility, fpl group was named to the World’s most ethical companies list by Ethisphere magazine in 2009 and 2010 – one of only 36 companies worldwide to be recognized by Ethisphere for four consecutive years.
The Next Era of Clean Energy
before i conclude, i want to thank the more than 15,000 employees of fpl group who displayed tremendous talent, dedication and grace under pressure in 2009. there’s no doubt it was one of the most challenging years since i became ceo, but i never got the sense that we allowed those challenges to weaken our determination. on the contrary, i felt that they energized us and made us more determined than ever to achieve our business goals.
on a personal level, i also want to thank paul tregurtha, who announced his departure from the fpl group board of Directors after more than 20 years of dedicated service. paul has been a steady hand and a wise voice on the board, and we will miss his counsel.
finally, i wanted to let you know that in light of the evolution our company has been undergoing over the past decade, we’ve decided to recommend the adoption of a new corporate name: nextera energy, inc. the change is intended to better reflect the company’s scale as one of the largest and cleanest energy providers in the country, its diverse scope of operations across 28 states and canada, and its forward-thinking, innovative approach to providing energy- related solutions for customers.
While we are excited about nextera energy as a corporate name, we are also mindful of our heritage. for decades within florida, the fpl name has stood for an unfailing commitment to providing customers with affordable, reliable, clean energy, and that is our continuing commitment. the fpl name has a proud history and tradition of excellence, and we will continue to use it for our utility operations in the state of florida.
lewis hay, iii
chairman and chief executive officer march 22, 2010
  