FPL GROUP PROFILE
FPL Group, Inc. is one of the nation’s largest providers of electricity-related services and is nationally known as a high-quality, efficient and customer-driven organization. Its rate- regulated subsidiary, Florida Power & Light Company, serves more than 8.7 million people along the eastern seaboard and southern portion of Florida. FPL Energy, LLC, FPL Group’s competitive energy subsidiary, is a leader in producing electricity from clean and renewable fuels. Together, FPL’s and FPL Energy’s generating assets represent more than 37,500 megawatts of capacity. FPL FiberNet, LLC provides fiberoptic services to FPL and other customers, primarily telecommunications companies in Florida.
In 2007, FPL Group generated outstanding performance; the year’s results were driven again by excellent growth at FPL Energy as well as solid financial performance at Florida Power & Light Company (FPL). FPL Group continued to execute its plans in a manner that has earned it a position as one of the most successful and respected companies in the electric sector.
In my letter to you last year, I said we would focus intensely on achieving our 2007 business objectives, which would culminate in adjusted earnings per share growth for FPL Group
of approximately 10 to 13 percent, translating into adjusted earnings per share in the range of $3.35 to $3.45. As announced earlier this year in January, we exceeded expectations. FPL Group’s adjusted earnings per share for 2007 reached $3.48, a 14.5 percent increase over 2006. Adjusted earnings exclude the mark-to-market effect of non- qualifying hedges (see page AR-2 for reconciliation of net income to adjusted earnings and earnings per share to adjusted earnings per share).
Our total shareholder return for the year was impressive, too. For 2007,
FPL Group provided a total shareholder return of 28 percent, outpacing both the S&P 500 Electric Utilities Index (23 percent) and the S&P 500 Index (5.5 percent).
Of note, 2007 was a year in which
we not only continued to execute successfully the clean energy strategy FPL Group has been pursuing
for many years, but we also took
on a more significant leadership
role regarding public policy on
climate change, as we advocated a workable, equitable carbon fee for
the U.S. economy to help move our nation toward permanent, long-
term reductions in greenhouse gas emissions. For more information
on FPL Group actions on clean
energy, climate change and other environmental matters, please refer to the accompanying article on page AR-8.
To Our Shareholders
Today we’re living in what may well be the energy industry’s most exciting era ever, and FPL Group is uniquely positioned to continue to grow and thrive as one of the industry’s strongest performers.
FPL GROUP 2007 ANNUAL REPORT AR-3

Business review and 2007 performance
FPL Energy – A Fast-Growing, Clean Energy Provider
FPLEnergy,ourcompetitiveenergy business operating in 26 states and the leading renewable energy provider in America, had another banner year:
• AstheU.S.leaderinbothwind power and solar power generation, FPL Energy achieved a 21-percent increase in year-over-year adjusted earnings in 2007. Over the past
five years, FPL Energy has grown adjusted earnings at a compounded annual rate of 37 percent. (See FPL Energy Reconciliation of GAAP to Adjusted Earnings on page AR-9)
• NetincomeonaGAAPbasisat FPL Energy was $540 million or a contribution of $1.35 per share in 2007, compared to $610 million or $1.54 per share in 2006. FPL Energy’s 2007 results included a net unrealized after-tax loss of $86 million associated with the mark- to-market effect of non-qualifying hedges. Results in 2006 included
a net after-tax gain of $92 million associated with the mark-to-market effect of non-qualifying hedges.
• Webegan2007asthe#1wind energy company in the United States, and we continued to invest heavily to profitably grow this business and maintain our leadership position. We now own and operate nearly 5,100 megawatts of wind generation and more than 7,500 turbines
FPL GROUP 2007 AR-4 ANNUALREPORT
throughouttheU.S.Forthesixth year in the last seven, we added more megawatts (1,064) to our wind portfolio in the U.S. than
any other wind energy provider, primarily through the development of new projects in Texas, Colorado, Iowa and North Dakota.
• FPLEnergy’snuclearpowerplant fleet continued to grow with the completion of the acquisition of the two-unit, 1,023-megawatt Point Beach Nuclear Power Plant in Wisconsin. In completing this transaction, we not only added an attractive asset to our portfolio in the Midwest, we also expanded our relationship with We Energies, which is now FPL Energy’s largest customer. Of note, since entering the competitive nuclear generation business with the purchase of a controlling interest in Seabrook Station in 2002, we have built
this business to be the fourth largest of its kind in the U.S.
• Wearethenation’sleadingoperator of solar power generation with
310 megawatts, or enough capacity to power 230,000 homes. In 2007, we improved the productivity and efficiency of our solar fields in California with the completion of a retubing project. In all, 44,000 heat collection tubes, the equivalent of 110 miles of tubing, were replaced.
• AlsocontributingtoFPLEnergy’s strong adjusted results in 2007 were contributions from new investments as well as the roll-
off of below-market hedges in
the existing fleet. The merchant portfolio and our wholesale marketing operations also took advantage of market opportunities and delivered results at the high end of our expectations. FPL Energy Power Marketing, Inc. (PMI) had its best year ever
and, for the first time since its formation, was ranked as one of the Top 10 power marketers by Platts, a leading industry publication.

Florida Power & Light Company – Providing Clean, Reliable Energy to Meet Growing Demand
FloridaPower&LightCompany,one of the largest, fastest-growing and top-performing electric utilities in the nation, achieved solid results and met key milestones last year.
• FPL’snetincomegrewto$836 million, or a contribution of $2.09 per share, compared to $802 million, or $2.02 per share, in 2006. These were good results overall.
We had expected 2007 to be a challenging year for FPL on the cost front, and we had indicated some uncertainty about revenue growth. During the year, we were able to find offsetting productivity improvements for some of the cost pressures, but revenue performance fell short of our expectations.
• FPLserves4.5millioncustomer accounts. In 2007, the average number of customer accounts grew by 87,000 or 2 percent, consistent with our historical averages. Usage per customer fell slightly, however, resulting in a 1.6-percent increase in retail kilowatt-hour sales.
• Ouroutstandingoperating performance places FPL among the best electric utilities in the U.S. The percentage of time our fossil- fueled power plants are available to generate power is among the best inourindustry,andthereliability of our power delivery system
is also among the very best.
• Wecontinuedtoinvestheavily– $1.9 billion in 2007 – to expand and enhance our generating facilities and related infrastructure to ensure continued reliable service and meet the growing power needs of present and future customers. Toward that end, we brought into commercial operation – ahead of schedule and under budget – a 1,144-megawatt, natural gas-fired power plant at our TurkeyPointsite,southofMiami. We are building a large, natural gas-fired power plant in western Palm Beach County that is expected to enter commercial operation in 2009; these units will be among
the cleanest and most efficient fossil-fueled units anywhere in
the world. We received approval from the Florida Public Service Commission (FPSC) to add 400 megawatts of capacity at our existing nuclear power plant sites — a $1.8-billioncapitalproject.These investments will improve our overall fuel efficiency, thus saving our customers money while lowering emissions. Beyond our generation activities, we continued to invest
in strengthening our transmission and distribution infrastructure to better withstand hurricanes, and our advanced metering initiative yielded good early results.
• Wearestrongsupportersof Governor Crist’s clean energy agenda, which includes pursuing
morenuclearandsolarpowerand other renewable energy to help combat global warming. We will continue to urge state officials and the FPSC to enact policies and a regulatory framework to encourage new investments in renewable energy and nuclear power that will help reduce Florida’s carbon intensity.
• InJanuary2007,aresidential
FPL customer using 1,000 kilowatt- hours (kWh) of electricity saw a 4.7-percent decrease on his or her bill, primarily due to lower-than- expected fuel costs as well as more fuel efficient operations at FPL power plants. As of January 2008, that same residential customer saw an additional $0.89 reduction in
his or her bill, due again to more efficient FPL power plant operations.
• Thankstoourleadingenergy management programs and other efforts, we’re helping customers save energy and keep their electric bills lower than they might otherwise be. FPL ranks #1 among electric utilities nationwide in energy efficiency programs, according to the latest U.S. Department of Energy report (using 2006 data). Since 1981,
these and other demand programs havecurtaileddemandsufficiently to allow us to avoid building 12 medium-size power plants.
FPL GROUP 2007 ANNUAL REPORT AR-5

2008 and beyond
FPL Group is well positioned for the future with many visible drivers of earnings growth in place. We continue to expect very strong growth from FPL Energy, driven both by contributions from new investment and the roll over of existing hedges to new values more closely approximating current market conditions. While there is greater uncertainty at Florida Power & Light in the near term due to the slowdown in customer and revenue growth, we remain confident in the long- term prospects of this business. For 2008, we expect adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.83 to $3.93.
The strategy we have put in place should allow us to continue to produce average adjusted earnings per share growth of at least 10 percent through 2012 from our 2006 base.
All adjusted earnings expectations are as of the date of this letter, reflect continued customer growth at FPL and assume normal weather at both FPL and FPL Energy. In addition, they exclude the effects of adopting new accounting standards, as well as the mark-to-market effect of non-qualifying hedges, neither of which can be determined at this time.
At FPL Energy, we’re continuing ourprofitable,disciplinedgrowthin selected competitive energy markets across the U.S.
• We’reworkingtowardtheaggressive goal we announced in 2007 to add 8,000 to 10,000 megawatts of new wind capacity to our portfolio by the end of 2012. The foundation
for the wind growth plan is a strong pipeline of wind projects in various stages of development and more than 1.8 million acres of landunderFPLEnergy’scontrol across the U.S. Wind is far from our only growth vehicle, however.
• We’llbepursuingnewopportunities in solar and fossil generation,
and we hope to develop new transmission infrastructure in targetedareasacrossthecountry
to support the growth of renewable energy. Given that solar power is becoming increasingly competitive with conventional generation and that many states in the Southwest are establishing specific goals
for solar power as part of their renewable portfolio standards, this sector may prove especially
FPL GROUP 2007 AR-6 ANNUALREPORT
attractive in the years to come.
• PMIcontinuestoexpandits activities in several areas; in addition, one of its goals is to becomethe#1marketerofgreen energy products in the U.S.
At Florida Power & Light Company, we’ll continue to invest in providing clean, reliable and affordable electricity to meet growing demand.
• We’re focusing every day on enhancing the reliability of ourelectricsystemassets.Our multifaceted plan includes hardening our infrastructure andusingstate-of-the-art technology to detect problems and minimize the amount of time customers are without power.
• Tomeetcontinuedgrowthin demand for electricity in our service territory, we’re pursuing
a range of generation projects using clean and renewable fuel sources. We’re moving forward
on the capacity additions to our nuclear power plant sites that I mentioned earlier in my letter, and we’re continuing to take the steps
•
necessary to potentially build two newnuclearunitsatourexisting Turkey Point generating complex in Florida. In February 2008, we officiallyopenedthestate’slargest photovoltaic solar power facility in Sarasota County and we’re working with technology companies to pursue new solar power generation options in Florida. We’re pursuing a wind project on Florida’s east coast and reviewing other options for additional wind power in the state.
Buildingonour#1U.S.position in customer energy efficiency programs, we’re projecting that existing and new programs that we’re making available for both residential and business customers through 2014 will meet 25 percent of our growth in peak demand.
A STRONG TEAM, A BRIGHT FUTURE
Continuing to seize opportunities, manage risks, invest in the future, work smarter and be better tomorrow than we are today requires that everyone involved in the enterprise be committed to the same goals and pull in the same direction.

We have an outstanding Board of Directors, men and women whose diversity of backgrounds and experience provide valuable counsel as we navigate today’s business realities and chart a course for our future. As I had indicated in last year’s letter, Toni Jennings was elected to our board in February 2007. Our newest director, Oliver D. Kingsley, Jr., was elected in March, and we are pleased to have the benefit of his many years of experience as an executive in the electric industry, including the nuclear power sector. On February 15, 2008, directors again increased the quarterly common stock dividend, this time by 14 cents per share annually, or 8.5 percent, to an annual rate of $1.78 per share.
We strengthened an already strong senior executive team by making several key new hires and promoting others from within the company.
Of note:
• Chief Financial Officer Moray Dewhurst will step down following the end of the first quarter 2008
to undertake an extended ocean sailing venture and spend more time with his family. His position will be filled by Armando Pimentel, Jr., who was until recently a senior partner at Deloitte & Touche LLP and who had previously served
as senior engagement partner
for FPL Group. Moray has played an important role in helping
us to achieve the great success
we have enjoyed over the past several years, and he has been
a trusted and valued counselor
to me personally. While we will
miss him, I am optimistic that in due course he may rejoin us in a different role. However, I know Armando will pick up where Moray leaves off, bringing to the CFO role outstanding technical skills, a wealth of experience in supporting a variety of complex situations, and a solid background in FPL Group’s position and goals.
As always, I’m tremendously proud
of all of our employees for doing their best to satisfy customers and meet other business goals. As in past years, the efforts of our talented and dedicat- ed team were recognized in 2007 and early 2008 by a number of key industry organizations and publications.
• In 2007 and 2008, FPL Group
has been ranked first among electric and gas utilities in Fortune magazine’s “America’s Most Admired Companies List” and both years scored #1 in each of the categories listed: innovation, people management, use of corporate assets, social responsibility,
quality of management, financial soundness, long-term investments, and quality of products/services.
• Electric Light & Power magazine named us 2007 Utility of the Year.
• Forbes magazine in 2008 named FPL Group to its “400 Best Big Companies in America” list.
• Ethisphere magazine named FPL Group one of the World’s 100 Most Ethical Companies.
• the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services awarded
FPL Group its Innovation in Prevention Award for our FPL WELL employee health program.
• TheNationalBusinessGroup on Health saluted FPL Group as among its Best Employers for Healthy Lifestyles.
• PA Consulting awarded us its Service One customer service award for the fourth straight year.
• The global Athena Award® was presented to FPL Group in 2007
for promoting and implementing innovative programs for women and for demonstrating the promotion
of women into leadership roles.
As always, I appreciate the support of you, our shareholders, as we continue our ongoing pursuit of increasing shareholder value. I hope you share my optimism for the future of this great company. In an often challenging but always dynamic and exciting industry, I believe we are very well positioned to achieve outstanding earnings growth going forward. We have the strategies, the financial discipline, and a great team with
the skills to succeed. Together, we can continue to build a clean energy future for coming generations, while delivering outstanding value to you, our shareholders.
Lewis Hay, III
Lewis Hay, III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 17, 2008
FPL GROUP 2007 ANNUAL REPORT AR-7
