 Powering the
Clean Energy Future
To our shareholders:
In 2010, the economic environment in which NextEra Energy operated remained very challenging, with weak natural gas and power prices and slack demand for electricity in most of the markets in which our company operates. Despite the challenging environment, we achieved strong adjusted earnings per share growth of 6.2 percent,1 well outpacing most of our peers, and our adjusted return on equity (ROE) of 13.2 percent2 put us in the top quartile of the 34 companies included in the S&P Utilities Index.
At the same time, we maintained a strong balance sheet and liquidity position relative
to most of our peers. Our capital expenditure program remained robust in support of future growth. And in perhaps the most difficult market for new renewables projects we have seen in many years, we nevertheless executed long-term power purchase contracts for a company record 1,238 megawatts (MW) of wind generation over the course of the year.
We also did not lose sight of our core value of
operational excellence. We had our best-ever
year for fossil and hydro reliability, our second-
best year ever for wind reliability, and we made
substantial progress in moving toward our goal of operating a single, unified nuclear fleet. Our transmission and distribution reliability at Florida Power & Light Company (FPL) kept the company in the top quartile of utilities nationwide when ranking by annual minutes without power, and our FPL cost position continued to be in the top decile as measured by cost per retail kilowatt hour. We also had our best year ever
in terms of safety both at FPL and across the entire enterprise.
Our operational excellence is a key element in our ability to deliver value for our customers. At FPL, we provided residential customers with monthly bills that were the lowest of all 55 utilities in the state as of December 2010 and 24 percent below the national average (as of July 2010, the most recent data available). Our commercial and industrial bills were
also the lowest of all reporting utilities in the state of Florida and well below the national average. At the same time, FPL delivered its customers 99.98 percent service reliability,
helped protect the environment with a greenhouse gas emissions rate 35 percent below the national average, and boosted the Florida economy through investments that created thousands of direct and indirect jobs. Likewise, at NextEra Energy Resources, LLC, and subsidiaries (“Energy Resources”), operational excellence is critical to our success. We maintained top quartile or better performance at our
NextEra Energy
Dividends Per Share
10-year Total Shareholder Return*
$1.50
2006
2007 2008
2009 2010
2011*
57%
S&P 500 Electric Utilities Index
NextEra Energy
$1.64
$1.78
* Projected based upon dividend of $0.55 declared on Feb. 18, 2011, for payment on March 15, 2011; dividend declarations are subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors of NextEra Energy.
1 See inside front cover for reconciliations of adjusted amounts to GAAP.
2 See page AR-5 for reconciliations of Adjusted Return on Equity (ROE) to GAAP ROE.
Source: Bloomberg
$1.89
$2.20 $2.00
Lewis Hay, III Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
1/1/2001-12/31/10
15%
S&P 500
* With dividend reinvestment
107%
2006-2011 Compound Annual Growth Rate: 8%
ANNUAL REPORT AR-1

generating facilities in both reliability, as measured by equivalent forced outage rate, and cost, as measured by non-fuel operation and maintenance (O&M) cost in cents per kilowatt hour, while developing customized products tailored to the specific needs of our wholesale and retail customers.
At NextEra Energy, we have long believed that, if we consistently focus on delivering superior operational performance and
on meeting the needs of our customers, we will be able to sustain superior growth and ROE. In turn, our ability to deliver superior growth and ROE will enhance shareholder value over time. During 2010, we underperformed the S&P 500 Electric Utilities Index by a percentage point on total shareholder return. We believe this slight underperformance was primarily a function of investors’ preference for primarily regulated businesses versus competitive businesses during periods of financial instability. Given our balanced mix of regulated and competitive businesses, it shouldn’t be a surprise that we underperformed in light of the state of our economy.
However, viewed over longer timeframes, which encompass both the ups and the downs of different cycles that we believe affect our industry, we have continued to deliver superior value to our shareholders. For the five years ended on Dec. 31, 2010, we delivered a total shareholder return of 48 percent, compared to the S&P 500 Electric Utilities’ 20 percent. Over 10 years, our total shareholder return was 107 percent, compared to 57 percent for the S&P 500 Electric Utilities. For reference, over the same 10-year period the S&P 500 returned 15 percent. Of special note to those who invest in NextEra Energy to provide stable income, we have grown our dividend at a 7 percent compound annual growth rate from 2002 through 2010 and provided a 10 percent increase in the dividend announced in February 2011. We will remain focused on building long-term value through a track record of outperformance across the industry's various business cycles.
Florida Power & Light Company
For the full year 2010, FPL recorded net income of $945 million, up from $831 million in 2009. Earnings per share grew by 12 percent, from $2.04 to $2.29. While cost recovery on the two units at the West County Energy Center was the most significant driver of earnings growth for 2010, the most
important longer-term development was the rate settlement approved by the Florida Public Service Commission in December. The settlement agreement effectively freezes
base rates for our customers through 2012, provides cash cost recovery for a third highly efficient and clean combined- cycle natural gas unit at the West County Energy Center, and positions FPL to earn a retail regulatory ROE at or near 11 percent in both 2011 and 2012 assuming, among other things, normal weather and operating conditions. Going forward,
our expectation is that the investments our shareholders are making in Florida will earn fair and reasonable returns.
Another highlight of the year took place in December, when we brought online a 75-MW solar thermal array that is fully integrated with and augments the steam produced by one
of our combined-cycle natural gas units at our power plant
in Martin County, Fla. This array represents the last of the original 110 MW of solar projects approved for cost recovery in 2008 by the Florida Public Service Commission. As with all of our recent Florida projects, these solar arrays created good jobs and boosted local tax revenue.
FPL’s strong financial performance in 2010 was matched by its high levels of operational performance. The company’s fossil fleet achieved a record level of fuel efficiency in 2010, saving our customers more than $600 million in fuel costs
as a result. FPL brought the system-wide heat rate down to 8,043 British thermal units (BTU) per kilowatt hour, compared with the average heat rate for the industry of 10,060 BTUs per kilowatt hour in 2009, the most recent year for which data are available. Since 2001, FPL’s heat rate has improved by 17 percent.
Just as important have been our efforts to prudently manage costs, which have been key to our ability to keep customer bills low. For all of 2010, FPL’s non-fuel O&M expenses were 1.5 cents per kilowatt hour, compared with the 2009 industry average of 2.2 cents per kilowatt hour. And on service reliability, the company delivered its best-ever performance on both frequency of interruptions and momentary interruptions.
Going forward, we believe our investments in Florida’s electrical infrastructure will continue to produce value for shareholders by delivering tangible benefits for customers. Over the four-year period from 2011 through 2014, FPL plans
 AR-2 ANNUAL REPORT

to bring into service $6.5 billion worth of major capital projects ranging from combined-cycle natural gas plants to nuclear uprates to a more intelligent, automated transmission and distribution system. We expect these investments to provide our Florida customers even more affordable, reliable and clean electric service.
NextEra Energy Resources
Energy Resources, the competitive energy business of NextEra Energy, reported full-year 2010 net income on a GAAP basis of $980 million, or $2.37 per share, compared with $759 million, or $1.86 per share, in 2009. On an adjusted basis,3 Energy Resources’ earnings were $800 million, or $1.93 per share, compared with $792 million, or $1.94 per share, for the full-year 2009.
It is important to put these adjusted results into perspective. While Energy Resources’ adjusted earnings grew slightly, most competitive businesses in our sector showed significant declines in earnings. The contributors to earnings were
the addition of new wind projects, higher production from
the company’s nuclear plants and existing wind projects,
and higher results from the company’s gas infrastructure business. These were offset by higher interest costs (primarily due to investment in the business), weak market conditions affecting our merchant Texas gas assets, lower earnings from the company’s proprietary power and gas trading, and write- offs associated with the planned future repowering of two wind projects in California.
Energy Resources added 754 MW of wind generation in
North America in 2010. At the end of the year, we owned 8,298 MW of wind generation. Not only do we remain the leading owner of wind generation in the United States, but we are now the fourth largest wind generation owner in Canada. Energy Resources also signed long-term power purchase agreements on a record 1,238 MW of wind generation in 2010, increasing financial certainty in this part of the business. All told, 94 percent of the 2011 gross margin and 88 percent of the 2012 gross margin on our existing power generation assets was contracted or hedged as of Dec. 31, 2010.
In May 2010, we indicated that we thought we could add 3,500 to 5,000 MW of wind generation by the end of 2014
from a 2009 base of roughly 7,500 MW. We continue to believe we can accomplish this goal. One opportunity we see over the next few years is “repowering” older wind sites. In the fourth quarter of 2010, we signed an agreement to repower a 78-MW wind facility in California, and over
the next four years we see 300 to 400 MW of repowering opportunities.
On the solar front, our Genesis project in the Mojave Desert was approved by the California Public Utilities Commission, the Bureau of Land Management, and the California Energy Commission in 2010. Site work began in January 2011, and we expect the project’s twin 125-MW arrays to be completed in 2013 and 2014, respectively.
Our two 50-MW solar projects in Extremadura, Spain,
also made progress in 2010. In December, the Spanish government published its revised feed-in tariff. As we had expected, the net effect of the changes was roughly neutral to our project. Combined, the full construction of Genesis and Spain Solar would represent an approximately $2.3 billion investment in solar energy, and we expect the projects to be significant earnings drivers for the company starting in the 2013/2014 timeframe.
On a smaller scale, we acquired approximately 40 MW of solar projects currently under development in Canada, and we commissioned the 5-MW Paradise solar project in New Jersey.
By leveraging our leading position in wind energy, which
has given us strong relationships with customers, a skilled land-acquisition team, excellent construction capabilities, and superior resource analytics, we expect to add 400 to 600 MW of solar projects by the end of 2014 from a 2009 base of 148 MW of owned capacity. Significantly, we already have long-term contracts for 390 MW of our planned solar development.
The Transition to a Clean-Energy Economy
The country underwent a significant shift in the political balance of power last November, one with broad ramifications for America’s energy policy. While an explicit price on carbon, which is something I continue to believe in, is not on the horizon, I still believe it is possible for policymakers to reach agreement
 3 See page AR-6 for reconciliations of adjusted amounts to GAAP.
ANNUAL REPORT AR-3

on an “all of the above” energy package that encourages more renewables along with other forms of generation.
Over the last 50 years, the nation has been on a path of
steady environmental improvement. Although environmental concerns subside during economic downturns, I see nothing that overturns the country’s basic commitment to gradually strengthening its environmental protections. The transition
to a clean-energy economy will happen. The pace may have changed, but the ultimate destination has not, and almost no company is better positioned for that shift than NextEra Energy.
This shift has the potential not just to address our environmental challenges but to spur new clean-energy jobs. Over the past five years, NextEra Energy has invested more than $25 billion in the nation’s electrical infrastructure and supported more than 60,000 direct and indirect jobs, and we plan to invest at least as much over the next five years.
Recognition for Our Leadership Role
As NextEra Energy has grown its leadership position in the electric power industry over the past decade, the recognition the company receives continues to increase. In 2011, we were named No. 1 in our sector on Fortune magazine’s “Most Admired Companies” list for the fifth year in a row. As a part of this annual analysis, Fortune ranks companies on individual attributes, and in 2011 we were named one of the 10 most socially responsible companies in the world, joining industry leaders such as Whole Foods Market, Walt Disney and Nestlé. In 2010, we were named among the 10 most innovative companies in the world, along with Apple, Google, Intel and others.
We received recognition in other areas as well in 2010. We were named to the prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the second year in a row and to the Carbon Disclosure Project’s “Leadership Index” for the third year in
a row. For corporate responsibility, we were named one of the nation’s “100 Best Corporate Citizens” for the second time. And we were named one of the “World’s Most Ethical Companies” by Ethisphere magazine, making us one of only 36 companies in the world to appear on the list all four years it has existed. On corporate governance, we were one of only 43 companies out of more than 4,200 evaluated to receive a perfect score of 10.0 from Governance Metrics International.
Ready for the Next Era
When I wrote to you in this space one year ago, I was still Chairman and CEO of a company called FPL Group. Now,
of course, we are NextEra Energy, Inc., and the change went so smoothly and seems so natural that it’s hard to believe it happened only nine months ago. To me, the most important aspect of the name change is how it properly re-brands the company as a forward-looking enterprise that sees the future and gets there first.
To help guide NextEra Energy into that future, we added
a new member to the Board of Directors in 2010. Kenneth
B. Dunn, retired dean of the Tepper School of Business at Carnegie Mellon University, joined us in July 2010. His keen market insights and financial acumen will serve us well as we continue to build our business. Ken’s appointment increased the size of our board from 12 to 13 members.
In closing, I want to thank NextEra Energy’s 15,000 employees for their talent and hard work, and particularly for their fine effort in a very challenging year. I am convinced that we are better positioned now to deliver value to our shareholders than we were 10 years ago, when we began a period of outperforming our benchmark by 107 percent to 57 percent in total shareholder return.
Lewis Hay, III
Lewis Hay, III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 22, 2011
 AR-4 ANNUAL REPORT
