Dear Friends and Shareholders, 

Last year marked an important milestone for Newmont not only because we celebrated nine years of excellence but also because we not curated the next 19 years with our strategic plan to grow production by 2017 and enhance our resource base through exploration will introducing her industry’s first gold price link diving dividend. We believe new Mont offers a compelling and unique investment opportunity today, with a well-thought-out strategy for the future and back by long history of innovation and industry leadership. We are looking forward to the next 90 years! Our strategies captured in five key elements number one build on our expected 5.025 point zero tuna inspected 7,000,000 ounces of gold production in 20 17th continue to explore and develop opportunities that are early in our development pipeline with the goal of replacing the 90+ million ounces of gold we having reserves at the beginning of the 2011 over the next decade; Number four maintain a strong balance sheet; and, Number five return capital to shareholders.

And wall a compelling strategy sets our future direction, a clear focus on operational execution date in and day out sets a strong foundation for everything we do.

New months operating and financial performance in 2011 built on the last four years and, once again, I am proud to say we reported record results. On a production base of 5.2 million attributable ounces of gold and 206 million attributable pounds of copper, our total revenues grew to an all-time high of $10.4 billion. Adjusted net income, a non-GAAP measure, increased to $2.2 billion or 4.39 dollars per share, and we generated $3.6 billion in operating cash flow. Since January 2011, reacquired frontier Gold for approximately $2.2 billion in cash, retired approximately $1.1 billion in debt and return nearly $.5 billion to shareholders while maintaining a solid, investment-grade balance sheet.

Thanks to our substantial global land position and successful expiration efforts, are proven and profitable reserves increased to a record 99 million attributable ounces of gold and 10 billion attributable pounds of copper. In addition to replacing Gold we depleted in 2011, we added an additional 5.3 million ounces to our total attributable reserves.

In April of last year we took a bull leadership position in the industry by directly linking our dividend to the market price and, insider we enhance this policy we had additional payouts of both 1000 702,000 2000 per ounce price thresholds. Under this new policy, Newmont
Paids$1.00 per share in dividends in 2011, a 100% increase over the prior year, and we offer investors the only dividend policy tied directly to gold price. In addition to an industry leading dividend policy, we also provide-on a per share basis- industry leading gold reserves, attributable, gold production and consolidate operating cash flow, demonstrating our focus on delivering value and being good stewards of our investors’ capital. And, in January 2012, with the $1.4 billion impairment of Hope Bay, we affirmed our commitment to not invest in projects that won’t meet our rigorous targets for return on capital, particularly when we have other projects in our portfolio.

Our 2011 results results continued the upward momentum we generated over the past few years and all Newmont employees can be proud of what we accomplished together.

It’s no secret, however, that the mining business is experiencing a transformation driven, in part, by a growing demand for resources. The infrastructure in consumer needs in China, India, and other developing countries are increasing the consumption of minerals, metals and energy. In addition, the rapidly growing middle-class is in these countries are also consuming more of our primary product-gold.

I was growing demand drives higher prices, the impetus behind resource nationalism also increases. More than ever, communities and governments around the world are becoming increasingly focused on engaging decisions about development and production of resources in their countries. And rightly so.

Yet, this is not something we need to fear. On the contrary, if we are proactive in transparent, we can benefit from these trends by helping local communities and governments develop the capacity to take full advantage of the growth opportunities are projects and operations spring. In short, their successes will only enhance our business over the long-term.

For mining companies to indoor through these trends, we must adapt to changing circumstances. As a long-term business, we need long term commitments in access that are only sustainable through mutually beneficial relationships. Building those relationships, however, this will require more collaboration with communities and governments in order to: gain a deeper understanding of their needs; generate wealth for their communities; allow them to determine how to use resources for their benefit; and, most importantly, be true to our word.

Last April, we announced plans to increase her annual gold and copper production to 7 million attributable ounces of gold in 400 million attributable pounds of copper by 2017. This announcement was particularly ambitious as overall global gold production of across our industry is expected to remain flat, at best, over the next several years. Thanks to the strength and flexibility of our project pipeline and the dedication of our employees, we expect to achieve our plan.

Newmont growth plan includes projects in mind expansion plans in each of our four regions-Africa, Asia, North America and South America. Some of the projects in this plan are in new areas, each with unique government structures and community dynamics. We believe our experience over the decades, combined with our proactive and transparent approach to stakeholder engagement, positions Newmont well to succeed in existing and new jurisdictions across our global portfolio of operations and development opportunities.

Into thousand and nine, we released the results of the community relationship review, an independent, global assessment of our relationships with local communities. This report was and still is the first of its kind by mining company because it offers detailed, transparent and honest feedback from the community stakeholders. It also highlighted what we do well, in addition to where we made mistakes in need improvement.

The CRR leverages Newmont unique experience across the globe and provides a blueprint for building positive and mutually beneficial relationships with local communities in governments. We are not under any illusions that the future of community engagement will be easy, but we do believe we have an industry-leading platform to succeed in this area.

In addition to the inside game from the CRR, our environmental and social responsibility and external affairs functions are now united under the same leadership to enhance our effectiveness in each of these disciplines. From exploration with construction and into operations, we must weave local community and stakeholder engagement into everything we do.

In our operations, we continue to build on Newmont’s rich legacy of innovation, which include some of the biggest breakthroughs in gold mining industry. Our dedicated innovation team is leading the way and metallurgy, exploration advances in environmental construction. Whether it is the water treatment processes or mercury stability position program, we believe these and other innovative efforts demonstrate that we are committed to mining in a safe and responsible manner.

The mining industry is capital-intensive, and our global supply chain team works the sound the largest companies in the world to preclear equipment and materials. For each one of our operations and projects every effort is made to sort Chinese with local suppliers including investing local businesses to help them develop products and services we can purchase for operations. We want local entrepreneurs to take full advantage of the opportunity or operations offer, while also helping them do it in a way that reflects our values and safety, environmental stewardship and social responsibility.

We strongly believe that all accidents are preventable, and our goal is to eliminate fatalities in serious injuries from our businesses. Unfortunately, we experienced five employee and contractor fatalities in 2011 and 11 in serious injuries from our businesses and will continue to t invest in enhancing safety culture until we reach that goal. I don’t hesitate to make it known to our employees and contractors around the globe that if the job can’t be done safely, it should not be done.

I would not be able to talk about her future without mentioning the single most important element for success-New months employees. Our business runs on people-not haul trucks. Had the industry’s most talented and dedicated team that gives every ounce of skill and dedication to making this company great.

Hiring and retaining the right people to execute our plan is one of our industries biggest challenges. It also is one of the biggest opportunities to further connect our business to the community. Our goal is for national employees to run the operations in their country, train other members of the community to do the same and ultimately become the leaders and our overall global business.

In 2011,, Newmont was named to the Dow Jones sustainability world index-what’s identify as leaders in the areas of sustainability and economic, environmental and social performance-for the fifth consecutive year.

While it is important for our environment and social responsibility efforts to be recognized by reading independent organizations, the ultimate gauge of our success is acceptance and trust in each of the communities where we operate.

Newmont is at an exciting and important juncture in our company’s history. We have demonstrated our ability to execute on our plans and deliver value to shareholders through competitive project returns, a strong balance sheet, reserve growth and a unique dividend that provides investors additional exposure to gold price strength. Combined, they form a powerful and compelling value proposition for investors, governments and community seeking an and reliable partner.

I want to extend my heartfelt thanks to our employees, dusters and board of directors, whose commitment and dedication have contributed immeasurably to Newmont success in 2011.

As we lay the foundation for the next 90 years, by drawing upon every ounce of agility, courage and execution, we will further distinguish Newmont as a global leader in the mining industry. Along the way we are starting to face challenges, but our team’s experience, patient and resourceful and navigating obstacles-and doing so with integrity, trust and respect.

I am more optimistic about Newmont future that I have been at any point since 2005 when I first joined the company. You have my commitment, my word, I will do what is necessary to ensure that Newmont thrives in endures, well into the future.

Sincerely,

Richard O’Brien

President and chief executive officer
