LETTER TO OUR

Shareholders

 the Gold Company of Choice

for our investors, employees,  


We finished 2006 on a high note, generating record earnings of $791 million ($1.76 per share) versus $322 million ($0.72 per share) in 2005, a 146% increase in our bottom line compared with a 15% increase in revenue. Our leverage to the gold price resulted in a 45% increase in our cash operating margin from the prior year. We also grew our reserves for a fifth straight year to 93.9 million ounces. During 2006, we continued to reinvest in our business, maintaining our positive outlook for the gold price. Capital expenditures in 2006 exceeded $1.5 billion, as we brought three new mines into commercial production, including Phoenix and Leeville in Nevada, and Ahafo in Ghana, adding over 1 million equity ounces of annual gold production capacity. We also commenced construction of the Boddington project in Australia, which will allow us to begin mining over 9 million equity ounces of reserves in this highly prospective gold belt in 2009. In addition, we continued construction of a 200 megawatt power plant that we expect will generate up to $25 per ounce of cost savings in Nevada, and we commenced development of a gold mill in Peru to enhance our recoveries and expand our reserves at Yanacocha. Although we had a record financial year, we continued to be challenged by declining grades at our mature operations, and experienced significant increases in energy, commodity and labor costs. We also felt the impact of increasing political risk that translated into the expropriation of our 50% interest in the ZarafshanNewmont Joint Venture in Uzbekistan during 2006. Our equity gold production also declined for the third consecutive year in 2006, decreasing to 5.9 million ounces from 6.5 million ounces in 2005. At the same time, our costs applicable to sales increased 28% to $304 per ounce in 2006 from $237 in the prior year. We expect the first half of 2007 to remain challenging as well, with the full commissioning of our three newest mines, and the anticipated decline of production at Yanacocha

2

Newmont 2006 annual report

and Australian operations. After generating compound annual returns of 24% over the last five years, our stock price declined 15% while the gold price was up 36% during 2006. This is not a performance that we intend to repeat, and management is committed to turning it around. As we look back on 2006 and turn our focus to 2007, we recognize that our changing industry and the changing characteristics of our Company demand a renewed commitment to discipline: in the way we explore and grow our reserves, in the way we manage our operations and develop our projects, in the way we build our relationships with our host communities and partners, and in the way we invest and grow.
AVERAGE OPERATING Costs

EXPLORATION AND RESERVE GROWTH

Our first challenge is to arrest the decline in our gold reserve grade, a key long-term cost predictor. In 2003, our reserve grade was 0.039 ounces per ton, which declined to 0.034 ounces per ton by the end of 2005. In 2006, we stopped that trend, with our average reserve grade stabilizing at 0.034 ounces per ton. We grew reserves for a fifth straight year, adding 52.5 million ounces of gold reserves from 2002 to 2006. During the year, we spent $170 million on exploration, with 68% of those funds dedicated to near-mine exploration and reserve development. In North America, we added approximately 3.6 million ounces of reserves through near-mine exploration in Nevada and Mexico. In South America, Yanacocha converted 0.2 million ounces and Kori Kollo added another 0.2 million ounces of reserves. In Australia, we added 2.3 million
Newmont 2006 annual report

Q Q Q Q Q Q Q

51% 14% 14% 13% 09% 03% 01%

Labor and Benefits Diesel Maintenance Consumables Electricity Royalties and Prod Taxes Coal

Note: This excludes a 5% reduction in costs from Other categories primarily related to stockpile builds at Batu Hijau and by-product credits.

3

equity ounces of reserve additions from Boddington, KCGM and Jundee and an additional 2.6 million equity ounces through our increased equity interest in Boddington. In Ghana, we added 1.1 million equity ounces through our increased equity interest at Akyem, and an additional 0.7 million ounces from near-mine exploration in the Ahafo district. Building on the strength of our 29.3 million acre land position, we opened our 2007 exploration campaign with the same renewed dedication to execution as we have in our operating regions and projects. In 2007, we expect to spend nearly $175 million for near-mine programs and greenfields exploration. Applying a disciplined portfolio approach to exploration management, we continue to maximize the value of our exploration efforts while expanding our project pipeline through generative and acquisition-oriented programs.
OPERATIONAL AND PROJECT EXECUTION

The industry's operating cost environment is changing and so too must we. Over the past five years, industry operating costs have increased at a compound annual rate of 12% driven by energy, labor and input commodity price inflation, as well as lower grade ores. During this period, oil prices increased over 250%, while natural gas, steel and industrial chemicals increased over 125%. Although our operating costs increased at a lower rate than the industry as a whole, we too have experienced the impact of declining ore grades affecting the cost structure of the entire industry. So what are we doing in the field? In Nevada, we have a new team in place, built around our One Nevada management structure. The new management team is using the One Nevada approach to coordinate all maintenance and operating functions through a direct reporting structure across the state. During 2006, we began to realize the benefits of One Nevada, as each of our sites across the state shared best practices and improved efficiencies in the areas of warehousing, maintenance planning, supply chain management and enhanced employee housing programs. We are also building a 200 megawatt power plant that we anticipate will improve our operating cost profile by up to $25 per ounce upon completion in late 2008. Simultaneously, we continue to optimize cost and production at our Leeville and Phoenix mines, which achieved commercial production late in 2006. In Peru, Yanacocha has carefully evaluated the social issues and dynamics of the communities in and around our mining areas. As an example, Yanacocha has engaged in extensive community and external affairs efforts during the early evaluation and optimization stages of the Conga project. Building on our engagement with local communities over the past several years, Yanacocha continues to expand its outreach efforts with communities in the surrounding region. We are also building a gold mill to more efficiently process Yanacocha's current and future reserve base. We anticipate that our investment in the Yanacocha gold mill will increase our recovery of oxide and transitional ores by up to one million

ounces, while enhancing our potential to expand our reserves further. In Australia, construction continues on the Boddington project. Upon completion in late 2008 or early 2009, Boddington will replace some of the higher cost production coming from our older operations in the region. The completion of the Boddington project will also enhance our reserve growth potential while expanding our operational base in this politically stable part of the world. At our Ahafo mine in Ghana, we are working on solutions to address the impact of national drought-related power shortages that could impact our costs applicable to sales there by $50 per ounce or more in 2007. We continue to work with the Ghanaian government and an industry-wide consortium to formulate a series of short-term and long-term solutions to these power supply challenges. Enhancing our execution in these operating regions, we continue to deploy our technical team in the fields of metallurgy, mineralogy, process design, mine engineering, development geology, geo-statistical modeling and
Newmont 2006 annual report

5

host communities and partners. While our consolidating industry evolves, we continue to evaluate investment opportunities with a focus on shareholder value. Consistent with our approach to acquisitions in the past, we remain committed to disciplined growth and will only pursue investments that are accretive to our shareholder value. Reflecting our commitment to value-enhancing transactions, our royalty portfolio generated $120 million in royalty and dividend income in 2006, while the market value of our equity portfolio grew to approximately $1.4 billion at the end of the year. Noteworthy within our portfolio, our investment in the Canadian Oil Sands Trust generated almost $30 million in distributions during 2006. We expect this investment to provide a long-term hedge against rising fuel costs for the Company. Further, capitalizing on higher oil prices, we sold our interest in an Alberta oil sands project recognizing a pre-tax gain of $266 million. During the third quarter, we also purchased a 40% interest in the Fort a la Corne JV (FALC) diamond project from Shore Gold Inc. for approximately $152 million. The FALC property, located in Saskatchewan, Canada, is one of the largest kimberlite fields in the world. In 2007, we expect to spend approximately $18 million on developmental drilling at FALC to further define the prospects for this promising investment. Our interest in FALC leverages our opportunity to participate directly in a significant, district-scale diamond

reserve estimation. Building on our experiences of 2006, our technical teams are undertaking in-depth reviews of our operations and our projects. And above all other priorities, we remain committed to operating our business safely and with a focus on our people. Our global operations employ nearly 15,000 people, with another 20,000 employed by our contractors. We take great pride in hiring locally, with many of our employees coming from the regions where we operate. Our focus on hiring and developing local talent provides us with a workforce that is committed to our long-term success, while simultaneously developing the technical skills and capacity of our host communities. Safety and the development of our employees remain paramount in everything we do. In an increasingly competitive labor market, we are striving to improve our competitive position through strong training and development programs, competitive compensation, and career advancement opportunities for our people.
ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

In 2006, parallel with our focus on the safety and development of our employees, we continued to lead in our commitment to sustainable development, stewardship of the environment and partnership with our host communities. We are determined to maintain this commitment in 2007. During the year, we served as chair of the International Council on Mining and Metals (ICMM), helping to establish and ensure industry-wide conformance with the principles of sustainable development and establish an independent, third-party assurance protocol. We also became one of the first gold mining companies to become certified under the International Cyanide Management Code, which provides an independent certification of the safe transportation, use and storage of cyanide.
GROWTH AND INVESTMENT DISCIPLINE

As we continue to invest and build for the future, we have renewed conviction in our goal of being the Gold Company of Choice for our investors, employees,
6
Newmont 2006 annual report

project that offers exposure to potential development, discoveries and cash flow at valuation multiples comparable to those we see in the gold industry.
CONCLUDING THOUGHTS

The beginning of each year marks the occasion to reflect on the events of the past and look forward to the opportunities that lie ahead. We take that occasion seriously, as it offers us the ability to continuously learn from our experiences and improve our performance. In reflection, we faced many challenges during 2006, including opening three new mines on two continents, escalating energy, labor and input commodity prices, and declining ore grades. Recognizing and learning from the challenges of 2006, we enter 2007 more experienced, more disciplined, and better prepared to capitalize on the foundation we have built and the opportunities that we create.
CASH & OPERATING Margins

And we would like to thank our Board for their ongoing dedication to strong corporate governance and strategic guidance. I would also like to thank Seymour Schulich for his invaluable contributions to our Board and his counsel to me. Although Seymour has decided not to stand for re-election to the Board, we are grateful that he has chosen to continue his involvement with the Company in his role as Chairman of Newmont Capital. And last, but certainly not least, I would like to thank Pierre Lassonde, who has elected to retire from his role as President, but will continue to contribute to the Company in an advisory capacity and as Vice Chairman of the Board. We appreciate Pierre's vision, creativity and the passion that he brings to our Company. We are pleased that Pierre has chosen to continue to share his energy with us while spending more of his time with his family. Sincerely,

ORealized Price/Oz
       

Q Cash/Oz

Q Operating Margin/Oz

2001

2002

2003

2004

2005

2006

The foundation we have built includes an established production base with roughly two-thirds of our current gold sales coming from politically stable countries, an ongoing pipeline of new projects, an expansive land position being explored by a highly-experienced exploration team, in-house merchant banking and technical teams staffed with some of the industry's best talent, and a rapidly growing investment portfolio that is second to none. In addition, our bottom-line financial performance remains highly leveraged to the gold price. It is upon this foundation that we enter 2007 with a renewed focus, discipline and commitment to being the Gold Company of Choice. In closing, I would like to thank our employees for their dedication throughout 2006. We would like to thank our investors for their commitment and belief in our ability to leverage their exposure to rising gold prices. We would like to thank our host communities, governments and suppliers for their continued partnerships.

WAYNE W. MURDY Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Newmont 2006 annual report

7

