                                          Letter to Shareholders
2007was a year of significant change at Newmont as the management team
began to re-orient the company and its strategy to build sustained value for our shareholders. In 2007,
we identified and implemented initiatives to focus Newmont on its core gold business, expand our growth and exploration opportunities, unlock value embedded in our capital structure and begin to reduce our costs.
2007 highlights include:
• Production of 5.3 million equity ounces of gold, in line with our original guidance
• Major investments in our business, including over $1 billion in new gold projects and cost-cutting initiatives
• Elimination of our gold hedge book, which positions Newmont as the premier unhedged gold company and improves our financial strength and flexibility
• Monetization of our royalty portfolio and other non-core assets
Richard T. O’Brien
President & Chief Executive Officer
  • Acquisition of Miramar Mining Corporation, which gives us control of a major gold deposit in Hope Bay, Canada
We were especially pleased to be selected in September as the only gold company in the prestigious Dow Jones Sustainability Index-World, which reflects the dedication of all of the members of the Newmont family to running our business in an economically, environmentally and socially sustainable way.
2007 ANNUAL REPORT 1
    
                                         Hope Bay, Canada
We made significant strides in 2007 to put Newmont and our shareholders in a position to benefit from the current gold price environment. Our strategic actions in 2007 provide momentum that we will build upon by successfully executing against our 2008 business plans and delivering strong operating and financial results for our shareholders. We enter 2008 prepared to re-establish Newmont as The Gold Company of Choice.
2007 – A Year of Transformation
In 2007, we renewed our focus on the most effective ways to unlock and provide sustainable value for our shareholders. One immediate decision in June was to eliminate our 1.85 million ounce gold hedge book. This has maximized our gold price leverage and benefited Newmont and its shareholders as the price of gold has since appreciated from approximately $650 per ounce to approximately $900 per ounce in the first quarter of 2008.
At the same time, we further improved our financial strength and flexibility by issuing $1.15 billion of convertible senior notes and monetizing a significant portion of our non-core, merchant banking portfolio. Through a dual-track process that pitted strategic buyers against an independent IPO process, we realized significant value for these non-core assets, receiving $1.2 billion in gross proceeds.
During 2007, we invested over $1 billion in new projects within our existing portfolio of properties, including over $500 million on our Boddington gold mine in Australia, over $300 million on our power plant in Nevada, and approximately $150 million on our gold mill in Peru.
Recognizing the importance of increasing our external focus on exploration and growth opportunities in order to enhance our prospects over the longer term, we acquired the balance of the shares of Miramar Mining Corporation that we did not already own for $1.3 billion. The acquisition of Miramar gives us control of Canada’s Hope Bay deposit containing a gold resource base of over 10 million ounces and the opportunity to establish a new core gold mining district in an AAA-rated country.
 2 NEWMONT
 preparation

                                           Yanacocha, Peru
Operationally, in Nevada, our Leeville underground mine is now running at design capacity of 3,200 tons per day. At our Phoenix operation, we continue to work through metallurgical and ore control issues. Our 200 megawatt power plant recently initiated “first fire on coal”, as it ramps up for completion in mid-2008 and is expected to bring cost savings to our most significant region for the foreseeable future.
In Peru, the construction of the Yanacocha gold mill is scheduled to be complete by mid-2008, bringing operational improvements as we transition from processing oxide material to the more metallurgically complex transitional and sulfide ores. This investment should increase life-of-mine recoveries from the existing reserve base of up to one million ounces, while enhancing our potential to further expand reserves.
In Ghana, the Ahafo mine completed its first full year of operation in 2007, producing more than 450,000 ounces of gold. Although the national drought-related power shortages have been less frequent than we originally anticipated, we continue to work with the Ghanaian government and an industry-wide consortium to formulate a long- term solution to the country’s power supply challenges.
2008 Growth Opportunities
As we look to the future, Newmont has substantial organic growth opportunities. In Peru, we intend to build upon our engagement with local communities over the past several years, focusing our reinvestment efforts on the continued evaluation and optimization of the Conga project, a large gold-copper porphyry deposit with over 11.5 million ounces and 3.2 billion pounds of gold and copper reserves, respectively. In Australia, we intend to continue to focus our reinvestment effort on Boddington, which we expect to start up in late 2008 or early 2009, and will replace some of the higher-cost production coming from our more mature operations in the region. With anticipated equity gold production of approximately 700,000 ounces at competitive costs and a long mine life, this project represents the next generation of mining in this region. In Ghana, having gained significant operational experience at Ahafo and a better understanding of the country’s power supply challenges, we are well positioned to refocus our efforts on the potential development of the Akyem project.
 2007 ANNUAL REPORT 3
  momentum

                                         Boddington, Australia
However, we know that operational and project development performance alone will not be sufficient to sustain, let alone grow, our business. We intend to renew our pursuit of growth opportunities through a disciplined investment strategy that combines exploration, project development opportunities and compelling acquisitions. The successful acquisition of Miramar, which allows us to control and explore a roughly 80 by 20 kilometer greenstone belt with substantial exploration potential and provides opportunities for sustainable, lower-cost production and future higher grade reserve replacement, reinforces the value of thinking and investing strategically.
We have begun to transform this company - the new day has dawned at Newmont, and we welcome the opportunities to focus on what lies ahead in our journey to reassert ourselves as “The Gold Company of Choice.” We are blessed with an array of opportunities in Peru, Australia and Ghana. We have turned the corner in Nevada and are beginning to reap the benefits of
our reinvestment efforts in that region. We now have the opportunity to develop the Hope Bay deposit, a district-scale exploration project in Canada. We appear to be in a sustainable bull market for precious and base metals. And above all, we have the benefit of having some of the most talented, dedicated people in the industry.
A Continuing Commitment to Communities
As we look to 2008 and beyond, we are determined to build on our initial successes in 2007. We understand that we still have much hard work ahead of us to make our business even more economically, environmentally and socially sustainable. This will require renewed commitment and consistent execution every day.
First and foremost, we remain committed to the safety and development of our nearly 15,000 employees and 20,000 contractors. In June 2007, we lost a valuable employee in Nevada, but more importantly, a family lost a wonderful husband and father. We are proud of Newmont’s safety record, which is consistently among the best in the industry, but Dan Shaw is a constant reminder of the need to keep safety first in everything we do.
We also remain steadfast in our commitment to sustainable partnering with our host communities. In addition to our inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index–World, we are also proud of
 4 NEWMONT
 commitment

                                          Power Plant, Nevada
our decision to support an independent and industry leading community relationships review. This study will help us and our stakeholders better understand the dynamics and relationships within our host communities; what we are doing well and where we can improve.
Newmont – A New Day Has Dawned
I wish to congratulate Vincent Calarco on his appointment as non-executive Chairman of the Board and welcome Joe Carrabba as our newest Board member. We look forward to Vince’s leadership and Joe’s counsel based on his vast experience in the mining industry.
I would like to thank our Board for their strategic counsel, active support and ongoing dedication to strong corporate governance; Wayne Murdy and Pierre Lassonde, who both retired from our Board at the end of 2007, and tirelessly pursued excellence in and passion for Newmont and our industry; and Robin Plumbridge, who will be retiring in April after 25 years of distinguished service on the Board.
And, in closing, I would like to extend a special thanks to our employees around the world for their hard work, skill and dedication. I would like to thank our shareholders for supporting us in our efforts to build on the momentum we generated in 2007. And, I would like to thank our host communities, governments, contractors and suppliers for their ongoing partnership in our effort to create sustainable value and opportunity for all our stakeholders.
Sincerely,
Richard T. O’Brien
President and Chief Executive Officer
  2007 ANNUAL REPORT 5
   efficiency
