 Dear Shareholders,
Newmont hit its stride in 2015, ending the year with safer and more efficient operations, a stronger portfolio, and a more resilient balance sheet. Despite a backdrop of lackluster economic growth and lower metal prices, we made measurable progress toward our goal to become the world’s most profitable and responsible gold business.
Improving the underlying business
Newmont’s success is grounded in its strong asset base and culture of continuous improvement. Our operations reduced injury rates by 18 percent to among the lowest in the mining sector in 2015. The team at our newest operation, Akyem, worked without injury for more than 400 days. This performance was overshadowed, however, by the loss of two colleagues. These tragic events served as a reminder that our work to improve behaviors and critical controls must continue until we can send everyone home safely, every day.
We generated cash from continuing operations of $2.2 billion in 2015 and more than doubled free cash flow to $756 million on the back of ongoing cost and productivity improvements. These improvements helped us lower gold all-in sustaining costs per ounce by 10 percent compared to 2014, and increase attributable gold production to 5.0 million ounces and attributable copper production to 166,000 tonnes. Our Full Potential program — through which
we generated improvements of nearly $800 million — is at the heart of this performance, while oil prices and favorable A$ exchange rates provided tail winds of more than $350 million. The first phase of this program is coming to a close and we have begun a second wave at nearly half our operations.
Superior technical fundamentals are also driving sustainable improvements across our portfolio. While we cannot control metal price, we have been able to narrow the gap between our estimated and actual tonnages and grades, metallurgical recoveries, costs and productivity through more predictable orebody modeling — and to optimize value over the life of our mines through strategic mine planning.
1
 
 Strengthening the portfolio
Exceptional operating performance gave us the means to fund profitable growth in 2015. Our goal is to build a portfolio of long-life, low-cost assets with technical and sociopolitical risks we are well equipped to manage. We advanced toward that goal by acquiring and integrating Cripple Creek & Victor (CC&V),
a cash-flowing asset in a favorable jurisdiction; and divesting non-core assets including Waihi in New Zealand and our interest in the Valcambi refinery in Switzerland for fair value.
We also bolstered our organic growth pipeline, reconfiguring our projects to optimize returns by starting small or taking a phased approach. We completed our Turf Vent Shaft in Nevada on time and below budget in 2015, opening access to higher grades and supporting future expansion of our Leeville underground mine. The Merian project in Suriname is also progressing on time and below budget. Merian establishes a footprint in a prospective new gold district and
will begin producing in 2016. Based on improved economics, Newmont also reached decisions in 2015 to fund the first phase of Long Canyon in Nevada and an expansion at Tanami in Australia.
Our exploration team has successfully grown Tanami into a world class ore body of more than 10 million ounces of gold, with significant upside potential. All told, we added 5.0 million ounces to our gold reserves by the drill bit in 2015, and a net 3.8 million ounces through the CC&V acquisition. This helped offset depletion of 6.5 million ounces, price-related changes of 3.0 million ounces and negative revisions of 7.2 million ounces. The majority of these revisions arose from moving Conga’s 6.5 million ounces from reserves to mineralized material, which was triggered by certain operating and construction permits expiring at the end of 2015 and uncertain prospects for future development and permitting.
Creating value for shareholders
Our work to improve our underlying business and deliver profitable growth is underpinned by a strong balance sheet. We increased our adjusted EBITDA by 29 percent to $2.7 billion in 2015 — despite a nine percent decrease in realized gold price — and increased our cash on hand by 16 percent to $2.8 billion. This allowed us to reduce net debt by 19 percent while continuing to invest in growth. We also returned $52 million in dividends to our shareholders, and kept our Total Shareholder Returns in the first quartile versus other gold sector competitors.
2

  Our sustainability performance contributes to our bottom line as well. In 2015, Newmont was named the mining industry’s sustainability leader by the Dow Jones Sustainability Index. Effective stakeholder engagement helped us secure a new Investment Agreement and build energy capacity in Ghana, both of which create the stability necessary for long-term investment. We also received export permits in Indonesia that allowed us to continue shipping copper concentrates, but delays affected our sales revenues in the fourth quarter.
The World Economic Forum's annual risk report — which is based on a survey of hundreds of senior executives and experts — points to climate change,
water scarcity and energy price shock as three of the top risks society will face over the next ten years. Newmont introduced new water management, human rights, and energy and climate change standards in 2015 to improve its ability to manage and mitigate these and other longer-term risks.
Our people continue to be our most important source of competitive advantage. We maintained low attrition rates in 2015 despite thousands of transitions associated with acquiring and divesting assets, streamlining our operating model and developing new projects. We also improved female and national representation in our leadership ranks, and welcomed two new Directors,
Greg Boyce and Julio Quintana, to our Board. Strong governance and ongoing shareholder acknowledgment of our effective compensation system — which ties executive remuneration to business and share performance — continue to differentiate our business.
While we met or exceeded commitments in 2015, sector leadership is a moving target, and we have set our sights on taking our performance to the next level in the year ahead.
Outlook
Gold sector fundamentals — including decreasing mine supply and increasing demand from central banks and emerging market consumers — continue to support a positive medium term outlook for gold price. In the near term, we expect continued metal price volatility and subdued global economic growth.
Our business planning process builds from a gold price of $900 per ounce, which informs concrete contingency plans. Under stable or rising prices we will continue to fund growth, reduce debt and pay competitive dividends. If prices fall, we are prepared to optimize operations and overhead and delay investment to preserve cash.
3

 Newmont released improved 2016 guidance in December 2015. This outlook charts a course for ongoing performance, portfolio and balance sheet improvements, and we are confident in our ability to:
- Deliver industry-leading return on capital and improved value to our shareholders
- Generate the financial flexibility we need to fund our best projects, repay debt and return capital to shareholders
- Maintain our all-in sustaining costs below $1,000 per ounce and deliver steady and profitable production of between 4.5 and 5.0 million ounces of gold per year in the longer term
- Add higher margin ounces in the next two years with the completion of Merian, Long Canyon and expansions at Cripple Creek & Victor and Tanami
- Advance the next projects in our pipeline — including expansions at Carlin and Ahafo — to further improve profitability
- Build a strong and diverse talent pipeline and an even stronger reputation for social and environmental responsibility
I believe we have the right strategy and team in place to deliver superior performance and secure our position as the world’s most profitable and responsible gold business. It is an honor to serve our shareholders, and to serve alongside this team as we set and meet even higher performance standards.
Thank you for investing in Newmont, and for your continued interest and support. Sincerely,
Gary J. Goldberg
President and Chief Executive Officer
 4
