To Our Shareholders: It is again my privilege to address you, our shareholders, on the condition of our company. I am proud to report that 2012 was another record-setting year, which is especially gratifying as it comes on the back of several record-setting years. Our business posted record sales and net income for the year. We continue to manage the business for the longrun and make our everyday decisions through that lens. We have often spoken of our approach to the market, which we call our "customer intimacy model." We are confident that model is right for us and our customers and plays a significant role in the success we have seen for the past several years. The insights we have gained through this model have guided us to increase our spending on research as we work to continue to earn the confidence and business our customers have entrusted in us. We work very hard to make safety a way of doing business here at NewMarket. We posted another year with strong safety performance and have plans to improve on that performance by involving each and every employee to ensure a safe workplace for everyone. During the year Warren Huang, the former President of Afton, announced his intention to retire in early 2013 after 32 years of service with the company. Warren played a critical role in leading Afton to the success that it is enjoying today. We thank him immensely for his service and wish him well. Rob Shama has taken over as the President of Afton. Rob has been with our company for 21 years, and has 32 years of experience in the chemical industry. We know Rob will continue to provide the leadership that Afton needs as it continues its service and technology-driven growth around the globe. As we grow, we recognize the need to add manufacturing capacity to meet our customers' demands. To that end, during 2012 we announced our intention to build a petroleum additives manufacturing facility in Singapore. This effort will cost approximately $100 million and is scheduled to be operational in 2015. This facility is tangible evidence of our commitment to this very important geographic portion of our business. It is our intention to continue to strengthen our capabilities to meet the unique needs of our customers in the Asia/Pacific region. The combination of local people, facilities, and R&D capability is an unmistakable sign of our commitment to that end. During 2012, we made some significant changes to our debt structure. We entered into a $650 million five-year, unsecured revolving credit facility, which replaced our previous $300 million facility. The new facility provides us with low cost of borrowing and increased operating flexibility. We then used some of the funds available under the new facility to redeem our $150 million, 7.125% senior notes. In May, we paid off the outstanding balance of the Foundry Park I mortgage loan. And finally, in December, we issued $350 million of senior notes at 4.10%, which are due in 2022. These notes provide long-term debt capital, and along with the revolving credit facility, provide us the needed flexibility to implement our long-term strategic plan. We were also pleased to have received an investment grade rating on the 4.10% senior notes from two credit rating agencies. As a final business note, during December we paid a special dividend of $25 per share. This action returned value to our shareholders in a meaningful, tangible fashion. The success of our business allowed us to take this action without sacrificing any of our future growth plans. In all, the year was a very busy and successful one for us. This could not have been accomplished without the hard work and dedication of each and every one of our 1,710 employees around the globe. Their hard work, dedication, and focus on delivering value to our customers are the keys to our continued success. Sincerely, Thomas E. Gottwald President and CEO

