To Our Shareholders: 2009 was an exciting and rewarding year for your Corporation. We successfully managed our operations through the turbulent economic and financial conditions that affected businesses around the world. We achieved record earnings and had our best safety performance in the course of the year. The petroleum additives segment posted outstanding results for the year, despite volumes being 9% lower than the previous year. It was a year of many records across product lines and geographic regions as we successfully provided our customers with the products they needed to implement their marketing programs and succeed in their markets. We continued our commitment to R&D by broadening our spending, adding additional top notch talent, expanding the testing facilities in our main research center in Richmond, upgrading our facilities in Japan, and opening a new lab in Shanghai, China to support that important and growing market. We expanded our supply chain capabilities by investing in a manufacturing facility in Singapore, which will open in 2010. This new plant will enable us to better serve our customers in that region with shorter lead-times and improved security of supply. In addition, the facility will allow us to manufacture to the specifications of our customers in the region with our most current technology. While the initial capacity will represent a small increase to our overall global production capacity, the facility will be scalable, allowing us to add capacity as demand in that region grows. The strong business performance and cash flow translated into significant improvements in our balance sheet. We finished 2009 with no drawn debt on our revolving credit facility and with $152 million in cash, while increasing capital spending to help prepare for future needs, making $24 million of contributions to our pension plans, and increasing the dividend for our shareholders. Our project to construct the multi-story corporate headquarters for MeadWestvaco was completed on time and under budget near the end of 2009. The receipt of rental income payments has begun. This business will be reported as a separate segment in our financial statements going forward. In late January 2010, we secured $68.4 million in a 5 year note to replace the construction loan on this property. We remain intent to focus the use of our cash flow to generate shareholder value. Armed with cash and an expanded revolving credit facility, we are well positioned for growth through acquisitions, as well as having the strength to weather storms. Acquisitions continue to be a high priority for our use of cash, with our primary focus on the petroleum additives industry. As before, we are patient in this approach and intend to make the right acquisition for our company when the opportunity arises. Meanwhile, we believe we have many internal opportunities for growth in our core business. The petroleum additives industry has seen significant change over the last twenty years. With consolidation, capacity rationalization, increased technical requirements and higher overall demand, there has been a systemic shift in the industry dynamics. Our customers have seen improvements in their industry dynamics as well. NewMarket has pursued a consistent strategy to improve our technology, broaden our product lines, expand our geographic presence, and be a better partner to our customers to help them meet their needs and grow their businesses. We have a broad business base today with leading technology, and we are pleased that today's business supports the reinvestment in R&D, facilities, and people that is necessary to meet our customers' rigorous needs. We are entering 2010 cautiously optimistic that industry demand has returned to more historical levels after the significant drop we saw last year. Our plants are running at high capacities, we continue to spend heavily in R&D to support the needs of our customers, and we expect another successful year for our petroleum additives business. We have a solid business base, a good technical product offering, and an excellent team which is dedicated to our customers and our business. This confidence is supported by the dedication and work-ethic of the employees of NewMarket. Once again, I say to them: "Thank You" for another successful year and many more to come. Sincerely, Thomas E. Gottwald President and CEO

