To our Fellow Shareholders: I am pleased to report that 2004 was a year of significant achievements and advances toward our ongoing goals of continuously improving business performance, strengthening our financial position and providing longterm growth for our shareholders. Our earnings from continuing operations were $24.6 million, or $1.45 per share which is a 19% improvement compared to recurring earnings last year. During the year, our shareholders approved the change in our corporate structure to that of a holding company. On June 18, 2004, we discontinued trading under the Ethyl name and began trading as NewMarket Corporation under the symbol NEU on the New York Stock Exchange. While we continue to operate our business along the same functional lines that we did in 2003, NewMarket is now the parent company of two operating subsidiaries: Ethyl Corporation and Afton Chemical Corporation (Afton). Each corporation manages its own assets and liabilities. Ethyl contains the tetraethyl lead (TEL) business and certain manufacturing operations and Afton owns and manages our petroleum additives business. NewMarket also became the parent company of NewMarket Services Corporation, which provides various administrative services to NewMarket, Afton, and Ethyl. Our financial position continues to improve and several external measures of that improvement were seen during the year. We restructured our bank loan in June, when we implemented the holding company. The terms of the new loan are more favorable than the loan it replaced, which is a reflection of the fact that we are a much stronger company today than we were when the original loan was put in place. Our improved financial profile was further affirmed in the fourth quarter when Standard & Poor's upgraded our credit ratings. This is recognition by the financial markets that we have made progress on our financial goals and have delivered on our promises. During the year we reduced debt by $24 million, leaving us with only $30 million drawn on our bank facility. We expect to be in a position to eliminate the bank debt entirely during 2005, and we will start building cash for other corporate purposes. Afton began to conduct business with a new identity at mid-year, but with the same dedication to its customers and markets. One of the first actions taken by Afton's management was to reaffirm its mission. That mission is to be a vital, flexible and growing global technology provider whose forward thinkers consistently exceed customer expectations with business solutions that increase their customers' profitability and make Afton an indispensable partner in the customer's success. The employees of Afton delivered significantly on the goals stated in their mission during the year by growing shipments 18%, introducing new products into the market and continuing to invest in R&D to support the current and future product offerings. Operating profit for the year was slightly behind last year as a consequence of the impact that escalating raw material costs had on our business. While the industry was successful in some price increases, the overall impact for the year was unfavorable. Ethyl Corporation successfully managed the contribution from the declining TEL business, achieving excellent results with earnings surpassing the prior year for the second year in a row. While the long-term demand for this product continues to decline, it remains a significant contributor to both our profits and cash flows. During all of the changes in our corporate structure and pressures in our marketplace, we delivered our second best safety year of the last eleven years. Our recordable incidence rate of 0.83 demonstrates that safety is a way of life at NewMarket, one where each of us understands our role and executes it safely and with the utmost regard for our neighbors and the environment. The corporate governance arena was also very active for the year. Mr. William Berry announced his intention to resign from the Board after 22 years of active contribution to the Corporation. Mr. Berry's advice and contribution has been much appreciated and his presence will be missed by the Board and executive officers. Mr. Patrick D. Hanley was appointed to the Board during 2004 and will stand for reelection at the Annual Shareholders Meeting. Mr. Hanley is currently the CFO of Overnite Corporation and serves on several committees of our Board. During this year virtually all public companies worked to implement the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation. The employees of our company worked diligently to implement both the letter and spirit of this law, whose goal is to assure the reliability of the financial information published by public

companies. While we spent over $1 million on this effort in 2004, we believe we have made improvements to our systems and have more effective processes in place today than when we began. Our 10-K contains our attestation that our controls are working well and contain no material weaknesses. While we are pleased with the performance of our current business base, we remain active in our acquisition search. As we have explained in previous communications, we have quite a wide range of acceptable alternatives at this stage. We are beginning our search in those business areas that we understand and that are closer to what we do today, so that we might leverage our resources. If we do not find attractive opportunities there, we will expand our search into other areas. Our guiding principles are that we prefer larger acquisitions to smaller ones, will be more comfortable with higher debt ratios the more we understand the business, and believe time is on our side. We will be patient in our search and are confident our financial capability will only improve with time. It is my pleasure to close by thanking those that continue to make NewMarket a success. To our customers, thank you for the confidence you demonstrate by making us an integral part of your business plans. Whether those plans are a one-time purchase or a full blown marketing program to develop and deliver differentiating products, we are ready to demonstrate our value and to continue to earn your business. To our employees, thank you for another year of going the extra mile to make this a great place to work--a place where no task is too difficult and one where the integrity and transparency being attempted through legislation today has been a way of life for many years. I also thank you, our shareholders, for your continued support. Thomas E. Gottwald President and CEO

