To Our Shareholders:
I am very pleased to report that 2006 was an extremely successful year on many fronts for our company.
Our petroleum additives business, represented by our subsidiary Afton Chemical Corporation, continued to
grow and to realize the benefit of its strategy through earnings that were up 74% over last year. This industry has
experienced many challenges over the past several years, and our team has done an excellent job of steering us
through those challenges. We were successful in restoring margins to the levels we enjoyed before the rapid
escalation in raw materials that started in late 2004. Our employees around the world are focused on helping our
customers to grow in their marketplace, and this approach has proven its value to our profit line. While we are
very pleased with our recent improvement in earnings, there is still plenty of room to grow within this relatively
low-growth market. We will be pursuing growth both geographically and through product line extensions. We
are pleased with the returns we deliver to our shareholders for the large amount that we invest each year in
research and development. We know that this spending is necessary to meet the long term needs of our customers
and our industry. In summary, it was just a great year with the organization hitting on all cylinders.
As anticipated, our TEL business declined again in 2006, as this product is in the last years of its economic
life. TEL usage has now been phased out of most major markets, and the segment will only be a small
contributor to the corporation in future years. This decline has been foreseen for many years, and we have made
our plans and conducted our business accordingly.
We took advantage of our improved balance sheet and financial position to restructure our debt during 2006.
We repurchased our outstanding 8.875% senior notes during December and replaced them with $150 million, 10
year senior notes with a rate of 7.125%. This reduction in interest rates will lower our interest expense
approximately $2.6 million each year. Both major credit agencies upgraded our senior notes, as a further external
recognition of our improved financial position. We are very comfortable with the level of debt issued with the
new senior notes and believe it fits well with our growth ambitions. Finally, we amended our bank loan package
to terms that are more flexible and at a lower cost than the previous bank loan.
We have a dedicated team assessing acquisition opportunities complementary to our core businesses. We
are taking a patient, disciplined approach to identify the appropriate investments for our company.
In early 2007, we announced that we would be developing some of the downtown Richmond property that
we have owned for many years. This will be a new business line for us and represents a way to unlock some of
the value that we have in these very desirable properties. We intend to finance this effort mostly with debt. We
will be reporting more on this project as time goes. We see this as an excellent opportunity to benefit our
shareholders and the downtown development of the City of Richmond.
As we look to 2007, we are very pleased with the performance of our businesses, our strong balance sheet,
and our prospects for future growth. It remains our goal to use our financial capabilities to create shareholder
value, and we will continue to assess the best uses of our cash flow.
I will close, as in previous years, with a salute to our employees. I am more impressed each year by their
attention to detail and dedication to our company. Once again, our safety record was among the best in the
industry as Safety and Quality remain a way of doing business at NewMarket. Thank you for all you do.
Sincerely,
Thomas E. Gottwald
President and CEO