To Our Shareholders:
2005 was a good year for NewMarket Corporation and its subsidiaries. We had many accomplishments
while managing the continuing challenges in the businesses we operate. Again this year, the dedication and
professionalism of our employees was demonstrated on many fronts.
One of our key values is our commitment to the health and safety of our employees, neighbors, and
customers, as well as the stewardship of the environment. Safety and environmental responsibility is a way of life
at NewMarket. It is an essential part of everything we do. Our goal is to maintain a culture where each of our
employees understands that good environmental and safety performance is good business and understands that
environmental compliance and safety is his or her personal responsibility. During 2005 we set a record for our
worldwide injury/illness recordable rate. This is a tremendous achievement and is a tangible measure of our core
value in action.
Petroleum additives (managed by our Afton Chemical Corporation subsidiary) net sales surpassed the $1
billion mark while achieving improved earnings in a very competitive market. The increase in revenue and
profits was widespread across products and regions. This increase is also reflective of an improvement in the
overall mix of our business and the ongoing expansion in markets around the world. We continue to focus on
helping bring products and solutions to our customers in order to help them to succeed in their marketplace. This
strategy requires that we maintain high levels of spending in research and development in order to continually
meet the ever changing demands of our marketplace. 2005 was also a year of several supply challenges caused by
tight supply of certain materials compounded by storms in the US Gulf coast. Our entire Supply Team worked
tirelessly to manage through those difficulties and reinforced that our customers’ confidence in our ability to
deliver is well founded.
The petroleum additives industry remains a challenging business. The supply of certain raw materials
remains very tight and raw material prices continue to rise. Although we have been successful in passing certain
of these cost increases on in the marketplace, our margins remain under pressure as we enter 2006.
The TEL business (managed by our Ethyl Corporation subsidiary) declined again in 2005 as the product is
phased out around the world. Our team continues to do an excellent job managing this sunset business. We
expect this business to decline further in 2006.
Our cash flow remained strong in 2005. We ended the year with no bank debt and we are currently building
cash for future opportunities. Our credit rating was upgraded during the year by Standard & Poors Rating Service
as further evidence of our strengthening financial position. Acquisitions of businesses in order to grow our
shareholders’ value continue to be a high priority to us. This is one area where we are spending considerable time
and energy. We are focusing on acquisitions in the petroleum additives area for now where we might augment
our current business either from a product or geographical point of view. We believe that in the current mergers
and acquisition environment this industry will provide the greatest opportunity for a good return on investment
while minimizing risk. While we are searching with a sense of urgency, we will remain patient in the ultimate
selection process.
Our strong financial position led our Board of Directors to take two actions at the end of 2005 and in early
2006. Last year, the Board authorized a stock repurchase program of up to $50 million and in February of 2006,
they declared a quarterly dividend of 12.5 cents per share on our common stock.
Our Company had a very successful year. There are many groups that played a part in that success. I would
like to thank our shareholders for their support and our customers for their continued confidence in our ability to
help them succeed with their business plans. Our employees once again demonstrated their dedication to
NewMarket Corporation with their energy, ingenuity and customer focus. I cannot thank them enough for that!
Thomas E. Gottwald
President and CEO
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]