To Our Shareholders: Substantial progress on a broad front was achieved in 2016. Earnings per share reached the highest level in the Company's history, and we continued to invest in the "fuel for the future" through the expansion of our capabilities in technology, supply chain effectiveness, and organizational talent. Our petroleum additives business continues to produce solid results through our Passion for Solutions business model, and we are pleased with the progression of the organization. Our foundational operating principles remain consistent with those that have sustained this business through our 129 years of delivering proven results. Our deeply embedded shared values serve as our guide to success. One of our key values is our commitment to the health and safety of our employees, neighbors, and customers, as well as our stewardship of the environment. Safety and environmental responsibility is the way of life at NewMarket, as it is an essential part of everything we do as we drive towards our "Vision of Zero." This vision is our goal to have zero incidents on the health, safety, and environmental fronts through a culture of "Actively Caring" employees. We achieved this goal across some of our operating sites in 2016. This is a tremendous achievement and is a tangible measure of our core value in action. In 2016, we continued to make significant investments in our petroleum additives business. We completed phase one of our Singapore manufacturing facility and commenced the second phase of investment on that site. In December 2016, we announced our intent to acquire Aditivos Mexicanos, S.A., or AMSA. AMSA is a petroleum additives manufacturing, sales, and distribution company based in Mexico City, Mexico, with a manufacturing facility in San Juan del Rio, Mexico. AMSA has been in the petroleum additives business for 50 years and has a strong, experienced team. This represents our largest acquisition since buying Texaco Additives Company in 1996 and further exemplifies our laser focus on the petroleum additives industry. These investments will help strengthen our position geographically, broaden our global supply capability, and improve our Passion for Solutions business model that delivers long-term value to our customers. Financially, 2016 was another strong year as we finished the year with low leverage while putting our strong, steady cash flow to work. In addition to increasing investment in our business for future growth, we continued the efficient use of free cash to improve shareholder returns. We continued to pay a very solid dividend, and we repurchased 98,867 shares of stock. Our priorities for the use of cash remain the same: 1) fund our internal growth needs, 2) pursue acquisitions in petroleum additives, and 3) return cash to our shareholders by paying a healthy dividend and, when appropriate, repurchasing stock. Our long-stated goal is to provide a 10% return per year to our shareholders over any five-year period (defined by EPS growth plus dividends). This will be achieved through our Passion for Solutions model as we continue to partner with our customers to address new challenges and capture opportunities. Complementing our business model is our "Cost to Serve" operating philosophy which will drive efficiency and effectiveness in all facets of our company's operations. We are pleased with our 7% return in 2016 given the challenging market demands and our continued heavy investment in the future. Our strategy remains consistently focused on long-term success in the petroleum additives business. We believe our strategic investment decisions will promote the greatest longterm value for our shareholders and customers. We look forward to a solid year in 2017 by staying the course and capitalizing on our new investments, our proven business model, and talented workforce. 2016 was another successful step in our company's marathon journey. As we take stock of our past achievements, history teaches us that NewMarket's future success depends always on the dedication and support of employees, customers, suppliers, and our valued shareholders. I am particularly proud of our employees' performance in the face of many challenging and diverse obstacles affecting the global marketplace. We have the right team in place for the future. Now on to the next step! Sincerely, Thomas E. Gottwald Chairman of the Board, President, and CEO

