To Our Shareholders: Throughout our 128 year history, our company has focused on taking a long-term business view and investing in the future while delivering steady operational results. 2015 was another year in which we stayed focused on these guiding principles with significant investment for future growth and solid performance in our petroleum additives business. We are focused on the growth of our business through geographic expansion and product line extension. We continue to adhere to our foundational operating principles that have sustained this business and delivered proven results for many decades. These deeply embedded and shared values serve as the guide for our team. Critical to our success is our commitment to provide our customers with innovative solutions to meet their increasingly complex business needs. To that end, we are continuing to invest in extensive research and development, increased production capability, and a more diverse and talented team. In the past year, we continued construction of our Singapore manufacturing facility and announced a second major investment in that site. These add to the significant investments we've made in the Asia Pacific region over the past five years in people, research and production capabilities, and first-intent products for the region. Our capabilities will continue to strengthen to serve our growing customer base, both in Asia and beyond. We remain committed to delivering timely, innovative solutions to our customers through sustained excellence in R&D, and our focus on increasing the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations continues to yield measurable results. Our safety-first culture is the cornerstone of our operating philosophy. The institutionalization of "Actively Caring" is yielding results through the dedicated effort of our committed team as we strive toward our "vision of zero" injuries. 2015 was another strong year financially. We finished the year with modest leverage while putting our strong cash flow to work. In addition to increased investment in our business for future growth, we increased the dividend by 14% to $1.60 per quarter, and we repurchased over 500,000 shares of stock. Our priorities for the use of cash remain the same: 1) fund our internal growth needs, 2) pursue acquisitions in petroleum additives, and 3) return cash to our shareholders by paying a healthy dividend and, when appropriate, repurchase stock. Our stated goal is to provide a 10% return per year to our shareholders over any five year period (defined as EPS growth plus dividends). This will be achieved through our "Passion for Solutions" model as we continue to partner with our customers to address new challenges and capture opportunities. We may not necessarily achieve a 10% return each year, and 2015 was such a year. Unfavorable exchange rates and softer industry demand have worked against us at a time when we have a great need to invest in developing products to meet new, upcoming specifications and pursue specific growth opportunities. Our increased investments in 2015, evidenced by more than $125 million in capital expenditures and 14% higher spending in research and development, reinforces that we are making decisions to promote the greatest long-term value for our shareholders and customers. We remain focused on our long-term objectives. We believe the fundamentals of the industry remain unchanged with the petroleum additives market growing at 1% to 2% for the foreseeable future, and we expect to exceed that growth rate. We are making investments to position ourselves for the future. Our capital spending is creating the capacity we need to grow and support our customers worldwide; our research and development investments are positioning us well to provide added value to our customers; and our stock repurchases and dividend policy have been effective ways to use cash flow and modest leverage to improve shareholder return. I am proud to be a member of this team, and I look forward to another good year in 2016. Thank you for your support. Sincerely, Thomas E. Gottwald Chairman and CEO

