 3 Netflix 2003 Annual Report
Netflix 2003 Annual Report 3
A Compelling Story of Rapid Growth and Category Dominance
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
By any measure, 2003 was a phenomenal year for Netflix.
In this, our second year as a public company, we once again surpassed investor expectations with record financial results in revenues, net income and free cash flow.
Netflix achieved profitability for the first time in 2003. The Company recorded revenues
of $272.2 million, up 78 percent compared with $152.8 million for 2002. Net income was $6.5 million, compared with a net loss of $20.9 million in the prior year. This strong financial performance was driven, in part, by our rapidly increasing subscriber base which grew to nearly 1.5 million members, up 74 percent over 2002.
A Mainstream Phenomenon
Perhaps even more significantly, Netflix has succeeded in becoming a truly integral part of the consumer entertainment landscape. At year-end 2003, we believe Netflix had approximately 95 percent of the fast-growing market for online DVD movie rentals.
We currently ship more than two and a half million DVDs a week, with remarkable reliability and precision. Customer satisfaction is high, because we have the movies that our subscribers want; because we personalize our website to help subscribers discover new movies they will love; and because we deliver those movies, generally, the very next business day.
The Netflix model is based on giving today’s movie consumers a combination of convenience, value and selection that appeals to a broad and diverse group of people — not just avid movie fans.
In our most popular plan, for $19.95 a month Netflix subscribers rent as many DVDs as they want, and keep them as long as they want, with three movies out at a time. There are no due dates, no late fees and no shipping fees. DVDs are delivered by first-class mail from

 Netflix makes getting “Ordinary People” an extraordinary experience.
Our Customers Tell the Story
What’s our secret to success? What’s made Netflix the #1 online DVD rental company? We think it’s the result of our passion for excellence, and our ability to deliver on our promises. This, in turn, has created an incredibly loyal subscriber base. People love Netflix, and they tell their friends about it, which means more new, satisfied customers (to the tune of an all-time high customer satisfaction rating of 95%). And what about the future? We continue to invest in making the experience even better, with more titles, faster delivery and unsurpassed service.
“We’ve been members for four years now and I think it’s an awesome service and have recommended it to as many people as possible.
I have even given gift subscriptions to folks. Keep it up Netflix!”
4 Netflix 2003 Annual Report
S.C., Pearland, TX

 5 Netflix 2003 Annual Report
Netflix 2003 Annual Report 5
Letter to Shareholders
regional shipping centers throughout the United States. The Netflix website, from which our subscribers request their movies, provides extensive information about titles, as well as critic reviews, member reviews, online trailers, ratings and personalized movie recommendations.
Investing in The Netflix Experience
In 2003 we invested in more inventory to improve the Netflix subscriber experience.
We also invested in faster delivery to our subscribers by opening more shipping centers. We now operate a national network of shipping centers that allows us to reach more than 80 percent of our customers nationwide with generally next-day delivery.
Our investments in continually improving the “Netflix experience” have been rewarded handsomely. Customer satisfaction is at an all-time high. Churn is at an all-time low. And our extraordinary growth in subscribers continues to increase at a viral pace. Satisfied customers tell their friends about Netflix, these friends join, become satisfied customers, and then tell their friends about the service. This growth, in turn, improves our efficiencies and margins. We’re reaching economies of scale that contribute even more to the bottom line.
Continued, Accelerated Growth
All of these results make us confident that we will be able to reach our next goal of five million subscribers and $1 billion in revenues in the 2006-2007 timeframe — one to two years earlier than our previous projections.
Many factors underlie our increasing confidence in the business:
First, DVD adoption continues to grow. More than one-half of all U.S. homes now have
a DVD player, and in the space of five years it is expected that virtually every U.S. TV household—100 million of them—will have one or more players. With today’s DVD rental market accounting for more than $5 billion in revenue, and 2008 estimates pegged at $10 billion, DVD is clearly the rocket propelling studio profits and growth.
The second factor underlying our increased confidence is growing public acceptance of the Internet, not only as a medium for safe and secure shopping, but as an integral part of people’s lives. Each year, consumers are getting more comfortable using the Internet in more aspects of their lives, and all the leading e-commerce companies, including Netflix, are growing impressively.
The large and growing barriers to competitive entry are the third factor. Very large companies have tried to gain a foothold in our market and have not succeeded after more than 15 months of effort. Our service is superior, very hard to duplicate, and our 1.5 million subscribers are very satisfied. We have great momentum.

 You don’t have to have “A Beautiful Mind” to be one of Netflix’s 1,487,000 members.
Our Numbers are Growing
Netflix added 630,000 net subscribers in 2003, bringing our total subscriber count to 1,487,000, an increase of 74 percent year over year. And our efforts to improve the quality of our service contributed to an increase in the average subscriber
life. As a result, we derive more value from every customer we acquire. We now expect to reach five million subscribers in 2006 to 2007— one to two years faster than we estimated just a few months ago.
“In my opinion, this is a truly great rental program. It has everything: gigantic selection, ease of use, shipping timeliness and low cost.
I recommend it to all of my friends.”
C.S., Warwick, RI
6 Netflix 2003 Annual Report

 7 Netflix 2003 Annual Report
Netflix 2003 Annual Report 7
Letter to Shareholders
The fourth factor is that each new shipping center we open contributes to our planned growth in ways that are consistent with growth rates in other regions. To reach a billion dollars in revenues, we need approximately five percent of U.S. households to subscribe
to Netflix. Growth in our initial market, the San Francisco Bay Area, has been very steady over the past four-and-a-half years. The Bay Area reached the five percent penetration level and then kept right on growing with no signs of slowing down. It may be possible that the five percent penetration level is conservative and we may be able to reach 10 percent of households, or even 20 percent. If so, it would indicate that the billion-dollar revenue mark is not the finish line but merely the first watering station.
Finally, the fifth factor behind our increasing confidence is great execution. Every week
we ship over two and a half million DVDs from our nationwide network of shipping centers with incredible reliability and precision. We buy millions of DVDs every quarter and maintain strong relations with nearly 100 studios and distributors. We have grown steadily every quarter without a material operational misstep. We are vigilant about threats both long- and short-term. We care deeply about providing subscribers a great movie experience
and work every day to make our service better and better.
Looking forward to 2004 and beyond, shareholders and customers alike can expect continued steady execution of the kind that has kept us growing at an astounding 70 percent-plus annual rate.
New Initiatives
To fuel our ambitious growth, we will explore several new and exciting initiatives in the year ahead.
In 2004, we plan to add television advertising to the mix of acquisition channels we
use to grow our subscriber base. As with last year, online advertising and word of mouth will continue to generate the bulk of our new subscribers. In the fourth quarter of 2003, we tested TV advertising in several markets. Those test results looked promising. If TV advertising continues to perform in 2004, we expect a broader launch in 2005.
During 2004, we will be preparing to expand internationally in 2005. Our first markets are likely to be in the U.K. and Canada. These are good expansion markets for us. But in the next few years, while the U.S. market continues its rapid growth, we expect that over time international operations will contribute less than 20 percent of revenues. Nevertheless,
it is prudent and exciting for us to begin moving from a domestic to a global company.

 18,000+ titles as unique as you are... even if you happen to be “Edward Scissorhands.”
Rich Content, More Choices
Netflix is all about personal choice. Our subscribers enjoy powerful online browsing and search features to help them choose from virtually every DVD published — more than 18,000 titles. We carry both acclaimed and smaller, low-profile movies from independent filmmakers. Our subscribers can create a personalized list of favorites. And re-order, modify or delete a movie at any time. We’ve added Critic’s Picks and Netflix Top 100 to make it easier for subscribers to discover interesting movies.
Or, they can just sit back, relax and let our recommendations service help them find movies they will enjoy.
“Netflix knows me better than I know myself. It picks movies for me
that I never would have chosen, and I’ve loved almost every one of them.”
8 Netflix 2003 Annual Report
C.B., Fairfield, CA

 Letter to Shareholders
Also during 2004, we will be developing solutions for downloading movies to consumers
in 2005 and beyond. Our core strategy has been and remains to grow a very large DVD subscription business and offer our subscribers the choice under one subscription of receiving their movies on DVD or by downloading, whichever they prefer. We are currently a $100 million-plus customer of the studios, and they have been receptive to our desires to expand consumers’ movie viewing options. 2005 will be early for downloading and we expect only modest consumer interest initially. But we predict this market will grow steadily for us over the next 10 years.
Looking Forward
With $135 million of cash and short term investments at December 31, 2003, and steady cash flow from operations, we believe Netflix is well positioned financially to achieve the growth objectives we’ve established for the business.
On behalf of the employees of Netflix, I want to thank you, shareholders and happy customers alike, for your encouragement and support in helping to make 2003 such a successful year for the Company. I look forward to reporting again on our progress 12 months from now.
Sincerely,
Reed Hastings
Chief Executive Officer, President and Co-Founder
  9 Netflix 2003 Annual Report
Netflix 2003 Annual Report 9
