NYSE: NI
Dear Fellow Stockholder:
A year ago, I informed you that 2002 would be very challenging in our industry and specifically for your company. I pledged that NiSource had a strategy to meet these challenges and emerge a stronger company.
I am proud to report we delivered on that strategy and on our commitments for 2002. NiSource achieved outstanding performance by doing what we do best – focusing on our core, regulated, asset- based businesses, which generate over 98 percent of our operating income.
As we addressed the continually evolving market dynamics, we made difficult corporate decisions and asked our employees to make some very real sacrifices. These tough, but necessary, actions helped us manage through a volatile energy marketplace and positioned us well to meet our objectives for 2003 and beyond.
    Gary L. Neale
NiSource Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
NYSE: NI 1

 2
NiSource Inc.
Gary L. Neale
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Stephen P. Adik
Vice Chairman
Samuel W. Miller Jr.
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Michael W. O’Donnell
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
S. LaNette Zimmerman
Executive Vice President,
Human Resources and Communications
Peter V. Fazio Jr.
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Mark D. Wyckoff
President, Energy Technologies
Arthur E. Smith Jr.
Senior Vice President and Environmental Counsel
Jeffrey W. Grossman
Vice President and Controller
David A. Kelly
Vice President, Real Estate
Barbara S. McKay
Vice President, Communications
Arthur A. Paquin
Vice President, Audit
Dennis E. Senchak
Vice President, Investor Relations, Assistant Treasurer and Assistant Secretary
David J. Vajda
Vice President and Treasurer
Gary W. Pottorff
Secretary
   Our 2002 highlights included:
• Focusing on strengthening our balance sheet.
• Streamlining and integrating our operations.
• Implementing a new operations management team. • Settling the 2-year-old Indiana electric rate review.
• Shedding non-core assets.
• Improving our corporate risk profile.
Our efforts were rewarded by the overwhelming success of our fourth- quarter equity offering, which raised $735 million to pay down debt and garnered national attention as the most successful stock offering of 2002 in the energy industry. In fact, of approximately 20 energy companies that completed stock offerings during the year, in only two – NiSource (10.1 percent stock price increase) and Dominion (2.9 percent gain) – did the market react with an upswing in the company’s stock price during the timeframe of the offering.
We have maintained investment-grade credit ratings by reducing leverage and improving liquidity while maintaining frequent communication with the credit rating agencies. During 2002, we reduced debt by $1.4 billion, or about 7.6 percent of our capitalization, ending the year with total debt of $7.2 billion, or 60.9 percent of total capitalization. Our short-term debt, which totaled $913 million at year- end, has been completely paid off at the time of this writing, and our current available liquidity is over $1 billion.
Meanwhile, as recent regulatory and legislative acts – such as Sarbanes-Oxley – supported heightened public scrutiny of corporate financial reporting in the wake of corporate scandals, we adhered to our tradition of full disclosure. NiSource has long had internal processes for review of financial results and established a reputation for integrity even before the new requirements were implemented. In fact, we scored eight out of a possible 10 points – compared to an industry average of seven out of 10 – on the Standard & Poor’s (S&P)
NiSource Corporate Officers: (from left to right) Art Paquin, Sam Miller, Jeff Grossman, Dave Vajda, Peter Fazio, LaNette Zimmerman, Steve Adik, Mike O’Donnell, Dennis Senchak, Barbara McKay, Art Smith, Gary Pottorff and Dave Kelly (Mark Wyckoff is pictured on page 11 with his leadership team).

 Transparency Index, a review of corporate governance practices among S&P’s member companies.
You should feel confident that, in consultation with our new independent auditors, Deloitte & Touche LLP, we continue to review our practices to ensure we exceed stockholders’ expectations of transparency.
experience in operational redesign and corporate integration to NiSource, and has focused his team on running our operating companies efficiently while supplying superior customer service.
Our 10 gas distribution companies completed a broad redesign of customer-oriented processes. This reduced operating expenses significantly while maintaining strong customer satisfaction scores based on survey results of actual customer transactions.
Our pipelines continued to integrate their unique network of transmission and market-area storage operations. Their competitive cost structure compares favorably with other pipeline systems stretching from the Gulf of Mexico to the Northeast.
Capital expenditures company-wide continued to decline as we took a disciplined approach that provides primarily for the maintenance and growth of our core natural gas and electric systems.
Last year, we decided to pull back from the merchant energy business, responding to changing market conditions before many of our peers took similar actions. We terminated a prospective energy marketing alliance and scaled back our already- limited energy marketing function by selling the bulk of EnergyUSA-TPC’s gas marketing contracts.
Doing What
FOCUS
 We Do Best
Throughout 2002, we focused our business strategy on our core, regulated, asset-based businesses: natural gas transmission, storage and distribution; and electric generation, transmission and distribution. This focus on the strength of our core assets enables us to efficiently and effectively serve 3.2 million customers in the high-demand energy corridor stretching from Indiana to New England, and to operate the fourth-largest natural gas pipeline system in the United States.
We implemented a new operations management team, led by Sam Miller, who came on board in September as executive vice president and chief operating officer. Sam brings more than 20 years of
 Basic Average Shares Outstanding in millions
Dividend Growth
Capital Structure: Total Debt in millions
         205.3
134.5
$1.08 $1.02
260.0 (2) 211.0(1)
$1.16
$1.16
$8,824
$2,849 (3)
$8,580
$7,164
         00 01 02 03e
(1) Reflects equity issued in November 2002
(2) Reflects conversion of PIES in February 2003
99 00 01 02
99 00 01 02
(3) Prior to acquisition of Columbia Energy Group
NYSE: NI 3

 Doing What We Do Best: Over 98% Regulated
Other/E&P
<2%
   4 NiSource Inc.
Regulated Electric Operations
27%
Regulated Gas Distribution
38%
 Regulated Gas Transmission & Storage
33%
Business Segment Operating Income
In 2002, NiSource focused its strategy on its core regulated, asset-based businesses: natural gas transmission, storage and distribution; and electric generation, transmission and distribution. Over 98 percent of the company’s operating income is generated from regulated operations.

 In late 2002, we began actively offering our gas exploration and production (E&P) business for sale. Although many parties have expressed interest in our E&P assets, to date only the offer of
$95 million cash for Columbia Natural Resources’ (CNR) interest in a joint venture in New York state reflected what we considered to be fair market value. While we continue to actively seek opportunities to sell the remaining E&P assets, we are no longer investing in exploratory drilling. CNR is now focused on maximizing production from its remaining 1.2 Tcf of proven reserves.
Difficult
STRENGTH
 Organizational Decisions
Our employees throughout the organization continued to focus their energy on customer service despite the uncertainty of a difficult economic environment. Due to 2001’s disappointing financial performance, we did not award incentive payouts to the majority of exempt employees, nor did we grant merit increases to salaried exempt employees. We also eliminated hundreds of positions and took a hard look at all hiring requests.
These actions promoted efficiency and lowered costs. It was difficult for our entire company to see the departure of trusted and loyal colleagues who contributed much to our company and our industry. These changes, however, were necessary to adapt to an evolving market environment.
Additionally, we further refined our organization structure to improve productivity, better align our businesses and increase centralization of corporate support and transactional functions.
Our new leadership team brings broad experience and expertise in our core businesses, and is focused on creating energy value for stockholders, customers and employees. It is a testament to the strength of our company that our customers remain the focal point of what our 9,300 dedicated employees do every day.
You can learn more about them and our business units on pages 8 - 11 of our annual report.
 Gary L. Neale
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer NiSource Inc. Merrillville, Ind.
Stephen P. Adik
Vice Chairman NiSource Inc. Merrillville, Ind.
Dr. Steven C. Beering
President Emeritus Purdue University West Lafayette, Ind.
Arthur J. Decio
Chairman of the Board and Director
Skyline Corporation Elkhart, Ind.
Dennis E. Foster
Retired Vice Chairman ALLTEL Corporation Little Rock, Ark.
Ian M. Rolland
Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lincoln National Corporation
Fort Wayne, Ind.
John W. Thompson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Symantec Corp.
Cupertino, Calif.
Robert J. Welsh
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Welsh Holdings, LLC
Merrillville, Ind.
Dr. Carolyn Y. Woo
Martin J. Gillen Dean
and Ray and Milann Siegfried Professor of Management University of Notre Dame Mendoza College of Business Notre Dame, Ind.
Roger A. Young
Chairman
Bay State Gas Company Westborough, Mass.
NYSE: NI 5

 Regulatory &
Returning Value
DECISIONS
DIVIDENDS
  Environmental Initiatives
to Stockholders
Several key regulatory decisions affected our performance in 2002. Most notably, Northern Indiana Public Service Company (NIPSCO) settled the 2-year-old Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission (IURC) electric rate review, resulting in $55 million in credits to NIPSCO electric customers annually over the next four years. When approved by IURC in September, this outcome enabled NiSource to move forward with our long-expected equity offering.
IURC also approved a mechanism for NIPSCO to recover, over the next
three years, costs
associated with
environmental compliance programs, such as the installation of nitrogen oxide pollution-reduction equipment at the company’s generating stations.
Throughout our
operations, we
continued our record
of environmental
leadership. For the
second consecutive
year, NiSource was
named to the
prestigious Dow Jones
Sustainability Indexes.
We are one of only
three U.S. energy
companies to be
included in this index,
which tracks
economic, environmental and social responsibility among the world’s largest companies.
NiSource reported income from continuing operations for the year ended Dec. 31, 2002, of $425.7 million, or $2.02 per share, an increase of
92 cents per share over 2001 results. Net income for 2002 was $372.5 million, or $1.77 per share, an
88 percent increase over 2001.
Net income for 2002 reflects the impact of a non- cash charge to discontinued operations of
$51.3 million, or 24 cents per share, that was recognized in the fourth quarter as a result of our decision to exit the telecommunications business. NiSource acquired the telecommunications assets as part of the acquisition of the Columbia Energy Group in 2000. After two years of operating this business, we determined – based in part on a study by a third party – that it is not a viable business due to the overcapacity in the marketplace for dark fiber.
The considerable improvement in our operating results was attributable to revenue increases from colder weather during the fall heating season, warmer weather during the summer cooling season, and reduced expenses such as interest, operation and maintenance, depreciation, depletion and amortization resulting in part from the elimination of the amortization of goodwill.
Our 2002 results enabled us to achieve a dividend payout ratio consistent with our historical payout ratio of 60 percent to 70 percent. With a focused business strategy and strong liquidity, we are confident we can sustain the current dividend level of 29 cents per share, equivalent to $1.16 on an annual basis. This is a positive position when many of our peers are being forced to eliminate or suspend their dividends to shore up their financial condition. Our board of directors will review our performance quarterly with an eye toward returning to the company’s historic dividend growth pattern, when appropriate.
                                             6
NiSource Inc.

 I am also pleased to note that NiSource was recently named to the Forbes Platinum 400, the magazine’s annual listing of the
“best big companies in
America.” This ranks
us as one of the
nation’s leading
organizations, and one
of 28 energy
companies that
maintain the best
balance of long- and
short-term financial
performance. Forbes
compiles this list of
premier blue chips using a composite score for return on capital, sales growth and earnings growth.
such as the Alaskan pipeline – and new liquefied natural gas facilities, all of which require a progressive federal energy policy to materialize. Without this united national support, the future of natural gas and the critical role it plays as a clean burning domestic fuel in our economy is in jeopardy.
The early months of 2003 have brought normal winter weather for the first time in six years. This has resulted in higher throughput on our pipelines and increased gas usage among our distribution customers, compared with the previous two years since NiSource’s acquisition of Columbia shifted our business mix to one focused primarily on the gas business. All of our companies’ transportation and storage assets have worked extremely well during this peak usage period. Thanks to the outstanding work of our employees, we met the gas needs of our customers in, once again, a volatile market.
As 2003 unfolds, our company is facing increased operating expenses, including the first full year of credits to NIPSCO electric customers, and increased pension costs, insurance and tax expenses. We will mitigate these cost increases in 2003 by continuing to optimize revenue opportunities and manage to hold on to the cost reductions achieved throughout 2002. Most importantly, NiSource will continue to grow and deliver an attractive return to our stockholders.
Last year, we said we would make it happen, and we did. I am confident we will deliver again in 2003. And I say that based on our focus, the strength of our assets, and our management and employee team. We will continue doing what we do best to be a leader in creating energy value.
I thank you for your continued support of NiSource.
Gary L. Neale
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 28, 2003
                         Well Positioned
EXPECTATIONS
 for 2003
As a leading transporter, storer and distributor of natural gas in key energy markets, your company is well positioned to take advantage of the 3 percent to 4 percent annual increases in demand for natural gas that the U.S. Energy Information Administration forecasts for 2003 and beyond. However, our country desperately needs a national energy policy that supports an increase in domestic natural gas supply to meet this demand. This is one of our nation’s true domestic energy supply opportunities and, therefore, is critical to our economy as well as the environment. The issues to be faced in the future are supply sources and price volatility.
As a company, we generate our revenues on the “spin of the meter” when energy is delivered, not on commodity price. However, shortages of supply, whether actual or perceived, create price volatility that hurts our customers and therefore demand. Increase in supply can come from a variety of sources: opening lands for drilling, new pipelines –
 NYSE: NI 7
