                 Fellow Shareholders:
By almost any measure, 2013 was monumental for NiSource, as we delivered another year of solid execution, notable achievement and industry- leading growth in shareholder value.
The engine that continues to drive our Team’s strong performance is execution; specifically, steady and consistent execution of earnings- accretive investments in energy infrastructure modernization and system growth. With the successful completion of each project, our Team delivers on NiSource’s promise to support continued system reliability, enhanced safety and environmental compliance, and access to affordable domestic energy supplies for our customers.
In 2013, NiSource’s capital investment program reached a record level of just over $2 billion. In addition to successfully executing on this unprecedented investment level, the NiSource Team delivered on a wide range of customer service, commercial and regulatory initiatives.
These efforts supported our long-term business strategy as well as our near-term growth commitments, as we were able to generate net operating earnings of $1.58* (non-GAAP) per share in 2013 – at the upper end of our guidance range. This continued solid earnings performance, coupled
NiSource generated total shareholder return of 36 percent in 2013 – outperforming the major utility indices by a wide margin for the
fifth consecutive year.
with a growing dividend, helped produce a total shareholder return of 36 percent in 2013 – outperforming the major utility indices by a wide margin for the fifth consecutive year.
As we delivered this steady growth in shareholder value over the past few years, we also have remained true to several core financial commitments: maintaining investment grade credit, providing a solid and growing dividend, and ensuring strong financial liquidity.
Those commitments were reinforced in January 2014, as Moody’s Investors Service upgraded NiSource’s investment-grade credit rating from a Baa3 to Baa2, noting positive regulatory progress and an improved risk profile. This action is a testament to the strength of our business strategy, as well as the positive commercial and regulatory environment our NiSource Team has worked to foster and enhance. As we’ve noted, maintaining solid, investment-grade credit is critical to our long- term investment and growth plans. Fitch Ratings and Standard & Poor’s also affirmed their investment-grade
BBB- ratings for NiSource, with a stable outlook, in late 2013 and early 2014, respectively.
NYSE: NI 1
      Bob Skaggs
President & CEO NiSource Inc.
  
                 2 NISOURCE INC.
Looking ahead, NiSource’s investment-focused business strategy is as straightforward, solid and relevant as ever. As you will see in this report, our Teams are successfully executing against a more than $30 billion, long-term inventory of identified growth and modernization investments. These stakeholder-focused investments are paired with a thoughtful and comprehensive array of forward- looking customer service and regulatory initiatives. Our ability to deliver on this plan is tested and confirmed, as is our core resolve to be North America’s Premier Regulated Energy Company.
Focused Execution Across Three Strong Business Units
Each of NiSource’s three core business units delivered strong performance during 2013. Those primary business units include:
Our Columbia Pipeline Group unit, which includes our extensive natural gas transmission, storage and midstream operations.
Our Gas Distribution businesses, which serve local gas distribution customers in Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Virginia.
And Northern Indiana Public Service Company (NIPSCO), which provides customers with electric generation, transmission and distribution services, as well as natural gas distribution service.
Customer-Driven Pipeline Growth and Modernization
At Columbia Pipeline Group (CPG), our Team successfully completed the first year of the Columbia Gas Transmission system modernization program, while at the same time growing an inventory of market- and supply-driven gas transmission and midstream projects.
In early 2013, CPG received approval from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) for its groundbreaking modernization program. That momentum continued throughout the year as the company completed more than 30 individual modernization projects representing a total investment of $300 million, and culminated on January 30, 2014, when FERC approved recovery of costs associated with our 2013 investment – effective February 1, 2014.
The second year of the program is now underway with another $300 million of modernization investments planned. CPG and its customers have agreed to the initial five years of the program, with an opportunity to mutually extend the agreement.
                               STOCK PRICE PERFORMANCE
 $400
$300
$200
NiSource S&P 500 DJ Utilities
    NI
S&P 500
DJ Utilities
2013
$385.87
$228.11
$145.48
2012
$282.69
$172.29
$134.33
2011
$260.47
$148.55
$137.76
2010
$184.13
$145.48
$118.39
2009
$151.81
$126.44
$112.52
2008
$100.00
$100.00
$100.00
                       $100
   2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
Dollars of Investment

                 The overall program is expected to last 10 years or more and is expected to involve an aggregate investment in excess of $4 billion.
CPG also advanced several significant supply- and market-driven growth projects during 2013. These projects represent a total investment of nearly
$1 billion and development of about two billion cubic feet of added system capacity over the next three years. The majority of these opportunities are the direct result of the significant development of natural gas supplies in the Marcellus and Utica Shale regions. With our strategically positioned pipeline assets, we continue to capitalize on the significant supply and demand shift happening across the pipeline grid.
The newest addition to this regulated project inventory is the Cameron Access Project. In January 2014 CPG entered into binding precedent agreements with customers on the project, which involves the construction of new pipeline facilities along the Columbia Gulf system to connect with the planned Cameron Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Export Terminal in southern Louisiana. The approximately $300 million project will provide customers access to numerous supply basins. The project will offer an initial capacity of up to
800,000 dekatherms per day and is expected to be placed into service by the end of 2017. Some other significant CPG projects in various stages of execution include:
• The approximately $200 million West Side Expansion project, which involves reversing the flow of gas on part of our Columbia Gulf Transmission system to transport about 500,000 dekatherms per day of Marcellus Shale production to Gulf Coast markets. During 2013, CPG completed a key portion of the project and began flowing gas from Leach, Ky., to Rayne, La. The East Side Expansion project will provide 300,000 dekatherms per day of transportation capacity for Marcellus supplies to northeastern and Mid-Atlantic markets. This $275 million project is expected to be placed in service during the third quarter of 2015.
• The Warren County project involves the extension of CPG facilities to serve Virginia Electric Power Company’s new 1,300-megawatt power plant with up to 250,000 dekatherms per day of transportation capacity. At an investment of approximately $35 million, this project will be placed into service in mid-2014.
• CPG also is supporting the conversion of a large end-user’s coal boilers to natural gas in Giles County, Va. Columbia Transmission will extend its system about 13 miles to an interconnect with Columbia Gas of Virginia (CGV), which will expand its system to the customer. At an investment of about $25 million for Columbia Transmission and $15 million for CGV, the project is expected to be placed in service during the fourth quarter of 2014.
NYSE: NI 3
  The new Hickory Bend gathering and processing facility in eastern Ohio
is one example of how NiSource is capitalizing on its strategic asset position in the Marcellus and Utica Shale production regions.
              
                 4
NISOURCE INC.
• During 2013, Millennium Pipeline placed in service an approximately $50 million compression expansion project that increased delivery capacity at Millennium’s interconnections with Algonquin Gas Transmission to 675,000 dekatherms per day. A second Millennium growth project, also involving a total investment of about $40 million, will increase the pipeline’s delivery capacity to 850,000 dekatherms per day by the middle of 2014. NiSource owns a 47.5 percent interest in Millennium.
CPG’s project inventory continues to deepen as the Team originates and executes on new opportunities. Two recently announced projects, Leach XPress and Rayne Xpress, would further enable Marcellus and Utica Shale production to access trading markets on the Columbia Transmission and
Columbia Gulf pipeline systems. The Team is in active discussions with prospective shippers and
additional information will be shared later in 2014.
Building on a Strong Utica and Marcellus Midstream Foothold
Our NiSource Midstream Team, also a part of CPG, is continuing to capitalize on
Monica Nguyen
Team Leader, Customer Service Columbia Pipeline Group
NiSource’s strategic asset position in the Marcellus and Utica Shale production regions. In December, we began initial service of the Hickory Bend gathering and processing facility in eastern Ohio. That project involved construction of about 55 miles of gathering pipeline and related facilities. It provides about 600 million cubic feet per day of new gathering pipeline capacity and about
200 million cubic feet per day of processing capacity for producers in that region. We have one processing facility in operation at the site now, but as production in the area continues to grow, we anticipate adding two additional processing facilities.
Our Midstream Team also is moving forward with a separate natural gas liquids pipeline that will connect the Hickory Bend plant to the UEO
Kensington facility in Columbiana County, Ohio. This line will deliver up to 90,000 barrels of
liquids per day. Both projects are part of our Pennant Midstream, LLC partnership, a joint
venture with units of Hilcorp Energy Company. NiSource owns a 50 percent interest and is
the operator of the facilities. The total Hickory Bend investment is expected to reach
$1 billion once fully developed. Serving as a complement to this
infrastructure development in the Utica Shale is our resource development
arrangement with Hilcorp. In 2012 we entered into an agreement with Hilcorp
to develop the hydrocarbon potential
Providing responsive, reliable and affordable energy services for our customers is a cornerstone of NiSource’s Sustainability Strategy. Learn about our commitments to customers, communities, the environment and more at nisource.com/sustainability.
                                               
                 on more than 100,000 combined acres in the Utica/Point Pleasant Shale. NiSource owns both a working and overriding royalty interest. Ten wells were complete and in various stages of drilling at the end of 2013, and we anticipate that beginning this year Hilcorp will be completing 25-30 wells per year.
In the Marcellus region, our NiSource Midstream Team completed the approximately $165 million
Big Pine Gathering System in western Pennsylvania in the first half of the year. This project is anchored by long-term gathering agreements with XTO Energy, PennEnergy, and most recently, a subsidiary of Range Resources Corporation. The pipeline facilities provide customers with alternative outlets for Marcellus Shale production with a transportation capacity of 425 million cubic feet per day.
As you can see, our CPG agenda is rich with activity designed to strengthen customer service, assure the continued reliability of our system and support the development of shale energy supplies.
Investing in Northern Indiana’s Utility Infrastructure
During 2013, our Northern Indiana Public Service Company (NIPSCO) Team continued to execute on significant environmental investments, while
Northern Indiana Public Service Company (NIPSCO) is executing on an inventory of more than $6 billion in long-term electric and natural gas system modernization, growth and environmental investments.
NYSE: NI 5 advancing plans to modernize key elements of its
natural gas and electric systems.
The most recent milestone occurred in February 2014 when NIPSCO received approval of its
$1.1 billion, seven year electric system modernization plan from the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission (IURC). The electric plan is part of NIPSCO’s long-term modernization programs designed to ensure long-term system reliability, flexibility and safety, as well as provide improved rural access to natural gas service. A decision on the natural gas program, involving an investment
of approximately $700 million, is expected in mid-2014.
Another milestone in 2013 for NIPSCO was the November completion of its first flue gas desulfurization (FGD) unit at the R.M. Schahfer Electric Generation
Station, which was
                                                                           Suzanne Marcisz & Jordan Rizo
Transmission Project Engineers NIPSCO

                 6 NISOURCE INC.
completed on budget and ahead of schedule. A second unit at Schahfer is under construction and on schedule for completion by the end of this year. The investment in this critical facility, by far the largest in NIPSCO’s generating fleet, serves to enhance environmental compliance and energy reliability for the region.
Work also has started on a third FGD project at our Michigan City Electric Generating Station. That project is slated for completion by the end of 2015. Once these three projects are complete, NIPSCO’s coal generating fleet will be fully “scrubbed,” and one of the cleanest in the country.
Across its operations, NIPSCO is executing on a total of approximately $850 million in environmental investments, including enhancements to support compliance with the Environmental Protection Agency’s Mercury and Air Toxics Standards (MATS) rule.
On the regulatory front, NIPSCO reached an agreement with major customer groups, and received subsequent IURC approval, to extend its 2010 natural gas customer rate settlement through 2020. This extension is a win-win for the company and customers, and has helped pave the way for NIPSCO customers to continue to experience some of the lowest total natural gas bills in Indiana.
NIPSCO also has advanced two key electric transmission projects that will further enhance the region’s electric grid reliability, flexibility and supply options. Projects currently in process include a new 100-mile, 345-kilovolt transmission line, and a 66-mile, 765-kilovolt line. These projects, which together represent an investment of about
$500 million for NIPSCO, will strengthen the Midwest’s electrical infrastructure while supporting economic development in the region and providing new jobs.
The 345-kilovolt Reynolds-Topeka project remains on schedule, with route selection completed and right-of-way acquisition in process. The 765-kilovolt Greentown-Reynolds project is a joint project with Pioneer Transmission. Public outreach on the Greentown-Reynolds line is in progress and route selection is scheduled to occur later in 2014.
Both projects are anticipated to be in service during 2018.
During 2013, NIPSCO also began a three-year program to upgrade nearly a million customer gas and electric meters to provide more efficient automated meter reading. The company also introduced a new Green Power Rate pilot program, which complements a variety of other existing renewable energy and customer programs. The program allows customers to designate a portion or all of their monthly electric usage to be attributable
    Our NIPSCO Team completed the first phase of major clean-air investments at R.M. Schahfer Generating Station in Wheatfield, Ind., on time, on budget.
                                                                               
                 to power generated by renewable energy sources. In all, NIPSCO has an inventory of more than
$6 billion in long-term investments designed to provide continued, sustainable value for our customers and communities in northern Indiana.
Executing Gas Distribution Modernization Initiatives
Our Gas Distribution businesses continue to set the standard for disciplined project execution, paired with a foundational
commitment to customer value and stakeholder
engagement.
Across our six-state Columbia Gas
distribution service
territory, our Teams are steadily executing on
a long-term, $10 billion- plus inventory
of infrastructure replacement and enhancement programs. During 2013, our gas distribution capital investments reached a record level of $790 million, with the largest portion of that investment committed to infrastructure modernization programs. Under those programs, our gas distribution Teams replaced more than 350 miles of pipelines and related facilities last year. This investment provides significant benefits to our customers, communities and shareholders.
Customers and communities benefit from a more modern natural gas infrastructure, which increases safety and reliability while at the same time reducing greenhouse gas emissions. In addition, we generate significant economic development in local communities through the use of local suppliers and contractors. And, as always, we couple those investments with complementary customer programs such as energy efficiency initiatives to reduce utility bills, preserve resources, and provide low-income customer support.
Our gas distribution Teams also continued to be active in the regulatory arena in 2013, something that will continue in 2014 as we work collaboratively with key stakeholders to advance our customer service and system modernization strategies.
Among several key recent regulatory activities was our Columbia Gas of Massachusetts rate
NYSE: NI 7
    Our Columbia Gas distribution Teams are steadily executing on more than $10 billion in long-term infrastructure replacement and enhancement programs. That work resulted in the replacement of more than 350 miles of pipeline and related facilities during 2013.
Doug Williams
Field Operations Leader Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania

                 8 NISOURCE INC.
proceeding. The case resulted in increased annual revenue of about $19 million, and supported the company’s expanded infrastructure modernization and replacement plans.
Another recently completed case was at Columbia Gas of Kentucky (CKY), where we received authorization to increase revenues by about
$8 million per year. The order also provides for an increased fixed customer charge and support of our modernization investments. This order includes recovery for the installation of automated meter reading technology across CKY’s customer base.
In addition, we placed new rates into effect at
Columbia Gas of Maryland (CMD) and Columbia Gas of Pennsylvania during 2013. Pennsylvania’s unanimous rate case
settlement, approved in July 2013, will
increase revenues by approximately $55 million annually and offer a simplified residential rate design, including a weather normalization adjustment and full recovery of safety-related expenditures.
In September 2013, CMD received an order increasing revenues by $3.6 million annually and introducing a revenue normalization adjustment. And finally, at Columbia Gas of Ohio, we
We are executing on a proven growth strategy while staying true to our well-established core commitments to maintain stable, investment grade credit ratings, strong financial liquidity and annual dividend growth.
received approval of our latest infrastructure replacement rider in April 2013, resulting in an increase in revenues of $30 million over last year.
Our gas distribution Team’s performance in 2013 was again impressive, and continued to generate sustainable value for our customers and results squarely in line with our plan. As we move into 2014, we are confident our established approach for creating shared value for customers and key stakeholders will continue to deliver solid results. We’ve targeted about $815 million in gas distribution capital spending for 2014 – focused primarily on system modernization and growth initiatives.
Thoughtful, Disciplined Financial Approach
Capital-intensive businesses such as ours require a strong financial profile, and I’m
pleased to report that NiSource’s financial foundation is strong and getting
stronger. Throughout 2013, we took thoughtful and
disciplined steps to further improve our liquidity position
and to extend our debt maturity profile – ending the
year with about $1.6 billion in net available liquidity.
    Lin Koh
Director, Audit
NiSource Corporate Services

                 During the first quarter of 2013, we successfully completed the sale of our non-core retail services business to AGL Resources. That transaction generated net proceeds of $120 million, helping to support our ongoing infrastructure investments. Also in the first quarter, we expanded our
$500 million commercial paper program to $1.5 billion.
In two separate transactions we also issued
$1.25 billion of 30-year notes at attractive rates. This action extended our debt maturity profile by nearly three years and reduced our average coupon rate to 5.63 percent. In addition, we increased our revolving credit facility by $500 million to $2 billion, and extended its term by an additional 16 months to September 2018.
The success of these programs is a testament to the confidence the market has in our business plan, risk profile and focus on execution.
Delivering Continued Strong Shareholder Value in 2014
As you can see, NiSource’s game plan is well established and our Team is steadily and effectively executing on our strategy. With more than $2 billion in capital investments underway across NiSource for 2014, we fully expect to deliver on our core commitments, including consistently generating
earnings growth in the 5 to 7 percent range over the long term. In fact, 75 percent of this year’s capital investment program is earmarked for earnings-accretive and revenue-generating projects. With that in mind, we expect to deliver 2014 net operating earnings within a range of $1.61 to $1.71 per share*, non-GAAP. I also want to reiterate our intention to execute on this proven strategy while staying true to our well-established core commitments – maintaining stable, investment- grade credit ratings, strong financial liquidity, and dividend growth in the range of 3 to 5 percent annually.
NiSource’s journey over the past five years has been one of consistency, focus and exceptional execution. That said, we understand that extended periods of success can lead to a sense of complacency and distraction from the plan. To guard against that tendency, as an organization, we constantly remind ourselves to remain ‘humble and hungry’ – for our customers, shareholders and other key stakeholders.
Thank you for your investment in and your continued support of NiSource.
Bob Skaggs President & CEO NiSource Inc.
NYSE: NI 9
  MANAGEMENT TEAM
Robert C. Skaggs, Jr.
President & CEO
Stephen P. Smith
Executive Vice President & CFO
Carrie J. Hightman
Executive Vice President & CLO
Joseph Hamrock
Executive Vice President & Group CEO, Gas Distribution
Jim L. Stanley
Executive Vice President & Group CEO, NIPSCO
Robert D. Campbell
Senior Vice President, Human Resources
Glen L. Kettering
Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs & Interim Group CEO, Columbia Pipeline Group
Violet G. Sistovaris
Senior Vice President & CIO
Larry J. Francisco
Vice President, Audit
*There will likely be differences between net operating earnings and GAAP earnings due to the unpredictability of weather and other factors.
