 


 
Happy birthday 20 years ago this summer 45 employees started Nike around running track in Eugene Oregon. We started with not much more than a brand-name, a stripe for shoes, and a lot of hope.

In Nikes but first year we sold $3.2 million with the goods. It was a start.

There were many dark days. We always knew we could fail, we knew we might fill, sometimes even thought should fail, but never did we think we would fail.

To summarize the history over the 20 years it went like this zero – one– one– one– two – one – one. Or a rough translation from zero to number one in Oregon, to number one in the Pacific Coast, to number one in the US, 2 number two in the US, to number one in the US, to number one in the world. Or if you're interested in further arithmetic: from $3.2 million to $3.4 billion.

In that process we are most proud of our innovation. In product, we initiated every major dance and athletic shoes in the last 20 years the finest question athletic shoes, the first nylon upper athletic shoes, the waffle outsole, dynamic Fitch stretch uppers.

In the process, we aided athletic performances that are in the record books around the world. Nike was a part of Jimmy commerce first Wimbleton in 1974 and Andre Agassi's first and 1992. The stats for the years between include one (the first ever) women's Marathon Olympic gold medal for JonBenet Samuelson, seven Nolan Ryan no-hitters, eight NCAA men's basketball championships, eight out of 24 football bowl teams in 1992, 27 surrogate Boudicca world book record bolts, 53% of the members of the 1992 US Olympic track and field team, one pressure Dortmund European football championship. And a couple guys name Michael and Bo, who simply defy statistics.

As an investment-1980 to 92. If there have been many proud moments for Nike and products and on the playing field in on the playing field in the first 20 years, well ellipses we haven't done too badly buyer shareholders either.

This last year the company: achieved record sales and profits-the 50 you're in a row. Increase profits 15%. Increase sales more than 13%, while decreasing inventory 20% through superior inventory management. Increased gross pocket margin from 38.4% percent to record 38.7%. Broke the billion dollar market in international sales for the first time in a single fiscal year. Dramatically increase sales and market share in women's fitness footwear and apparel. To find the newest growth category of outdoor in posted triple digit games in footwear and apparel. Introduce dynamic fit hoss– but where to an enthusiastic reception from both dealers and consumers. Launched air raid, the single most successful new shoe in the industry this year. Created Airmax products for spring 1993, taking Nike air conditioning to even higher levels. Announced record future orders of $1.6 billion for June through November 1992, an increase of seventeen% over our last record future period. 

You went public in December 1980 at $5.50 per share. As we go to press, the stock is selling at $65 per share, the growth in market value of 30% per year, and currently pays cash dividends at the rate of $.56 per share not too bad. And yes ellipses

For all but couple very brief periods, we have always sold at a substantial discount from the Standard& Poor's 500 P/E multiple-like 820 to 30% discount.

Here's a dilemma. Explaining NIKE today is more difficult than it was 20 years ago, when we were just getting started--or even 12 years ago, when we first went public. 

So in the simplest terms we get summed up with the old label--"sneaker company" or lumped into the apparel category.

Conventional wisdom dictates a deeply discount multiple for those categories. 

Oh, yes, that's the same conventional wisdom that we have meet in other parts of our business: No one will ever brea Beamon's long jump record at sea level. Andre Agassi can't win on grass. Nolan Ryan is too old. Communist athletes won't understand capitalist financial incentives. A black man can never be a good company spokesman in white America. The rest of the word has caught up with the USA in basketball.

THE FUTURE. What the conventional wisdom miss is the international language of sport. When we take over a foreign distributorship, as we did in Australia on June 1, there is already considerable demand. Our target consumers have been watching John McEnroe and Charles Barkley for years. The emotional ties are in place. 

Two months ago a survey in a high school in People's Republic of China sought to find the world's greatest man. The survey showed a tie between Chou En Lai and Michael Jordan.

The confused parents asked, "Who is Michael Jordan?" To which the exasperated children responded, "He is the start basketball player of the Chicago Red Oxen."

How do we expect to conquer foreign lands? The same way we did here. We will simply export sports, the world's best trading currency.

It is the International Division which will lead our continued growth over the next four years. It grew at 32% this past year and will be bigger than the US market for us by 1996. Operating internationally creates more variables in any business and makes it more challenging to manage. But it also reduces the overall risk to the company and will fuel our growth to $6 billion by 1996. 

Qualified people who look at NIKE'S numbers and NIKE'S positioning conclude: "They really can do it."

IN the coming months and years, it is our goal to overcome the perception of the past, the conventional wisdom that says a "sneaker/apparel company" has to have a multiple much lower than average.

It is a part of our challenge to get the investing public to understand that NIKE has a global brand franchise. 

If a Chairman's letter, or even a once-a-year annual report, is not adequate to cover all the complexities of a company striving to be international and grow at 15% per year--and do a little image surgery with investors--rest assured we have learned lessons from our first 20 years.

We know we have to build a total company, not just pieces like marketing and production and investor relations. I think the 6500 people at NIKE today have the same attitude about the next 20 years that the smaller group had 20 years ago: a little terror at the difficulty of the task, but a strong beliefs that we can do it. 

Theses last 20 years have been an exciting and profitable ride, but our greatest opportunities lie ahead of us. The Chairman's letter in the year 2012 ought to be really something. I hope they let me write it. 

Phillip H. Knight
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer


