The Neiman Marcus Group

letter to shareholders

A Determined Course in Turbulent Times The challenges we all faced during the past year ­ from the impact of September's horrific events to our continued soft economy ­ were unprecedented. At The Neiman Marcus Group, we responded immediately to these conditions to protect the Company's short-term financial position while continuing to pursue our long-term goals and strategies. We remained true to who we are as a Company by staying committed to the fundamentals that have been the cornerstone and the strength of our brand for 95 years, including:
   

Merchandise leadership, A steadfast commitment to luxury, trend and fashion, Outstanding customer service, and Disciplined financial management.

During the fall season, we took aggressive action to bring our inventories in line with expected sales trends. We worked closely with vendors to adjust or cancel future orders. We eliminated marginal and unprofitable vendors and narrowed our merchandise assortment. We marked down excess inventory and developed a number of promotional events to efficiently liquidate the merchandise. We carefully evaluated store expenses and made significant reductions without diminishing our service levels. Our rapid response in the fall allowed us to concentrate during the spring on improving our regular-price business focusing on important classifications, key vendors and designers. As a result of these efforts, we were able to reduce promotional activities and increase regular-price selling, thereby improving our spring season gross margin. We believe that through hard work, focus and discipline, we rose to the challenge presented by the difficult retail environment. For fiscal year 20021, revenues totaled $2.95 billion compared to $3.02 billion for fiscal year 2001. Net earnings for fiscal 2002 were $100 million, or $2.08 per diluted share, compared to net earnings of $107 million, or $2.26 per diluted share, the previous year.
Total Revenues
in millions CAGR 6.22%

$3,000

$2,750

$2,500

$2,250

$2,000 98 99 00 01 02

During the year, we strengthened our balance sheet through aggressive yet prudent financial management. As a result, we ended the fiscal year with a cash balance of $179 million ­ up $81 million from fiscal 2001 ­ and a conservative debt-to-capital ratio of 19%. We believe the strength of our balance sheet, combined with a new three-year, $300-million bank credit facility completed in August 2002, provides us with both the liquidity and flexibility to take advantage of future opportunities to expand our market leadership.
1 The Company's fiscal 2002 included a 53rd week, compared to 52 weeks in fiscal 2001.

2

A Closer Look at Our Operations The Neiman Marcus Group is composed of two primary operating divisions: Specialty Retail (Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman stores) and Direct Marketing (Neiman Marcus Direct, Horchow and Chef's catalogues and Online operations). For fiscal year 2002, revenues for our Specialty Retail segment declined 2.9% to approximately $2.4 billion from $2.5 billion in the previous year. Operating earnings declined to $170 million from $201 million the prior year. Sales per square foot, while still the highest in our industry, fell from over $500 per gross square foot to about $480 per gross square foot.
Specialty Store Sales per Gross Square Foot
in dollars
$475

$500

CAGR 2.75%
$450

$425

$400 98 99 00 01 02

Despite these declines, we believe the actions we took during the year have enhanced the market position of our Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman brands, and improved our ability to respond to the needs of discriminating affluent consumers. We entered fiscal 2003 with our inventories in excellent shape, and will continue to focus on full-price selling and providing our customers with the very best merchandise and services in the world. We have refined and expanded our multi-channel sales strategy, combining our catalogue and online operations into a single Direct Marketing segment. The blending of these operations is designed to leverage our cost structure and provide more focused services to our customers. Revenues from our Direct Marketing segment increased approximately 1% to $444 million during fiscal 2002 from $438 million the prior year. Operating earnings more than doubled to $23 million from $11 million in fiscal 2001. Neiman Marcus Online continued to expand its popularity with both new and existing customers, increasing sales more than 150% during fiscal 2002. Among our catalogues, Horchow, with its home furnishings and accessories, was the strongest of our three brands. To extend the reach of this growing business, we launched Horchow.com in June 2002. Through closer coordination of our online and catalogue strategies, we believe we can continue to improve the reach and effectiveness of our direct marketing efforts, and the overall profitability of this segment. We report the results of our investments in the Kate Spade and Laura Mercier brands in our Other business segment. Sales for this segment declined slightly in fiscal 2002, with revenues of $71 million compared to $73 million the prior year. Sales of Laura Mercier cosmetics and beauty products continued to grow, with the brand attracting and maintaining loyal customers. Current initiatives for this brand include expanding its distribution in Europe. Sales of Kate Spade handbags and accessories were weaker than expected in fiscal 2002,

3

The Neiman Marcus Group

letter to shareholders

from left to right:

Richard A. Smith Chairman Burton M. Tansky President and Chief Executive Officer Brian J. Knez Vice Chairman Robert A. Smith Vice Chairman

but its brand remains strong. Expansion into fragrances, sunglasses and shoes has been well received by the Kate Spade customers, and we are confident the brand has a promising future. Continuing to Invest in Our Future While managing the short-term challenges of fiscal 2002 was a considerable task, we remained committed to creating long-term shareholder value. We invested nearly $150 million in new stores, major remodeling projects and improved information technology. During the year, we opened a new Neiman Marcus store in Tampa and replaced our store in suburban Dallas with a larger, more luxurious facility. We also opened two "Last Call" clearance centers, which have proven to be an efficient and effective means to clear end-of-season inventory from our full-line stores. During the first quarter of fiscal 2003, we opened new Neiman Marcus stores in Orlando and Coral Gables, a suburb of Miami. With these additions, we will have six stores in the growing and highly affluent Florida markets. We will also open "Last Call" stores in suburban Denver in November 2002 and Miami in March 2003. The 60,000 square-foot expansion and renovation of our Las Vegas store is planned to be completed in December 2002, and a similar upgrade and expansion program is underway at our San Francisco Union Square store. In addition, our 30,000 square-foot renovation of our Newport Beach, California store is scheduled for completion in November 2004.

4

Our investments in information technology include new point-of-sale and clienteling capabilities to assist our sales associates in providing an even higher level of personal service to our customers. In addition, we are implementing new financial and procurement systems to improve both the efficiency and effectiveness of our operations. During fiscal 2002, we also launched the Neiman Marcus online gift registry, making it easier for brides to select, and for friends and families to purchase, an exciting collection of classic and contemporary wedding gifts. A Prudent But Positive Outlook While we cannot control external factors, such as economic conditions or world events, we demonstrated during fiscal 2002 that The Neiman Marcus Group can rise to the challenges of even the most extreme environments. By staying focused on our customers and our shareholders, we will be in an even stronger position to prosper when market conditions improve. Over the next few years, our key financial goals are:
    

average comparable revenue growth in the mid-single digits, improvement in gross margin rate, continued leveraging of our selling, general & administrative expenses, ongoing improvement in our return on assets, and 2-3% average annual square footage growth.

We enter fiscal 2003 with a prudent but positive outlook for the year. We are confident that our core customers have not traded down to lesser quality or to less fashionable styles, nor have they shifted their loyalty to other retailers. Our ability to strengthen our market leadership in these difficult times confirms our long-term strategies and position. Demographic trends remain strongly in our favor, and we will not dilute our brand, our quality of service or our merchandise for the sake of potential short-term gains. All of us at The Neiman Marcus Group are committed to creating long-term shareholder value. We believe we can achieve this by combining strong financial management with an unwavering focus on finding new opportunities and better ways to serve our customers ­ like those you can read about on the following pages ­ to further differentiate our brand and extend our leadership in the luxury market. On behalf of the over 14,000 employees of The Neiman Marcus Group and our board of directors, we extend our sincere appreciation to you, our shareholders, for your continued support. Sincerely,

Richard A. Smith Chairman

Burton M. Tansky President and Chief Executive Officer

Robert A. Smith Vice Chairman

Brian J. Knez Vice Chairman

5

