DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

Northrop Grumman achieved strong financial performance in 2013, reflecting the results of superior program performance, affordability initiatives, innovation, and portfolio decisions across our four businesses. Financial highlights in 2013 included: increased earnings per share from continuing operations by 7 percent to $8.35 per diluted share; a record pension-adjusted operating margin rate of 12 percent; and free cash flow of $2.4 billion before discretionary pension contributions. Through share repurchases and dividends, we returned $2.9 billion in cash to our shareholders, or approximately 140 percent of 2013 reported free cash flow. Since the end of 2009, sales have declined about 11 percent, due in part to portfolio reshaping. During that same period, our focus on performance has generated a 17 percent increase in absolute segment operating income and more than a 30 percent improvement in segment operating margin rate. As a result, in combination with effective cash deployment, earnings per share from continuing operations have grown by a compound annual growth rate of 17 percent. This improvement was primarily driven by superior program performance and portfolio shaping, while we also significantly reduced our cost structure.

In 2013, we expanded our business with U.S. allies around the globe, increasing our international sales by approximately 20 percent to $2.5 billion; slightly more than 10 percent of total revenue. For both U.S. and global markets, our strategy remains focused on four key business areas where we believe our customers will invest most aggressively for the future ­ unmanned systems, C4ISR, cyber and logistics and modernization ­ as well as manned strike aircraft. We are cognizant of our responsibility to the communities in which we work and live. In 2013, Northrop Grumman and the Northrop Grumman Foundation contributed a total of $38.1 million to philanthropic efforts, supporting science, technology, engineering and math programs and assisting veterans, service members

"We are proud to have achieved strong 2013 results. Our attention remains keenly focused on driving performance for our shareholders, customers and employees."

and their families. As we continue to expand our global presence, our philanthropic commitment will become increasingly global. I encourage you to take a few minutes to read our 2013 Corporate Responsibility report. We are proud to have achieved strong 2013 results while demonstrating the highest levels of ethics and integrity. Our attention remains keenly focused on driving performance for our shareholders, customers and employees. We thank you for your continued investment in Northrop Grumman.

Chairman, CEO and President
March 14, 2014

WES BUSH

NORTHROP GRUMMAN 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

PAGE 1

