DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

Our Northrop Grumman team delivered another year of strong financial performance in 2014 ­ the result of sustained performance, a well-aligned portfolio, effective cash deployment, affordability initiatives and innovation across our four businesses. Financial highlights in 2014 included: increased earnings per share by 17 percent to $9.75 per diluted share; a record pensionadjusted operating margin rate of 12.2 percent; and free cash flow of $2.0 billion. Through share repurchases and dividends, we returned $3.2 billion in cash to our shareholders, or approximately 160 percent of 2014 reported free cash flow. From the end of 2009 through the end of 2014, as U.S. security spending has been reduced, our sales have declined about 13 percent. During the same period, our focus on performance has generated an 18 percent increase in absolute segment operating income and more than a 35 percent

to approximately $3.0 billion, representing 13 percent of our 2014 revenue. At year-end, international awards represented 14 percent of our backlog. We continue to optimize our portfolio to ensure alignment with global security priorities in our key capability domains of unmanned systems, C4ISR, cyber, logistics and modernization, and strike aircraft. As we pursue opportunities around the globe, we are also aware that we have a responsibility beyond business to the communities where we live and work, in terms of giving back, supporting local needs and sustaining the environment. In 2014, Northrop Grumman, the Northrop Grumman Foundation and ECHO ­ our Employees Charity Organization ­ contributed a total of $25.3 million in support of science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) programs; assistance to veterans, service members and their families; and help for those with critical needs in our communities. And as we

"Our Northrop Grumman team delivered another year of strong financial performance in 2014. We remain intent on driving performance for our shareholders, customers and employees."

improvement in segment operating margin rate. As a result, in combination with effective cash deployment, earnings per share from continuing operations have grown by a compound annual growth rate of 17 percent, driven primarily by superior program performance and portfolio shaping, and a continuing reduction in our cost structure. In 2014, we continued the expansion of our business with U.S. allies around the globe, establishing and enhancing operations in a number of countries and regions. International sales grew in all four of our business sectors, increasing 20 percent overall

expand our global business presence we look forward to the new opportunities we will encounter. Please take a few minutes to read our 2014 Corporate Responsibility report to learn more about our efforts and accomplishments. We are proud of our team's strong 2014 results achieved in concert with the highest ethical standards and integrity. We remain intent on driving performance for our shareholders, customers and employees, and we thank you for your continued investment in Northrop Grumman.

Chairman, CEO and President
March 18, 2015

WES BUSH

This letter includes references to pension-adjusted operating margin rate, free cash flow, segment operating income, and segment operating margin rate, which are non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations between our non-GAAP measures and the nearest GAAP measures, please refer to the page preceding the back cover of this Annual Report.
NORTHROP GRUMMAN 2014 ANNUAL REPORT

PAGE 1

