                                        DaviD crane presiDent & ceo
SUCCESS BY DESIGN
D e a r F e l l o w stockholDers:
Sometime between last summer and fall, we were
These difficult conditions continue to dominate our headlines, with little to no focus on the fact that in these modern times, we are blessed with a marvelously diverse and multi-layered economy. In spite of the fog that has engulfed many sectors of the economy, some parts of our economy and companies within them are shining through the gloom as they continue to survive and position themselves to grow.
NRG is one of those bright spots.
Delivering recorD returns
In the face of one of the toughest business environments in memory, coupled with major hurricanes that hit two of our core business regions, NRG in 2008 delivered a record year of financial results, including:
• $1.0 billion in net income from continuing operations;
• $2.3 billion in full-year adjusted EBITDA, excluding mark-to-market adjustments;
• $1.4 billion in cash flow from operations (excluding collateral deposits);
• $3.4 billion in total liquidity, an increase of more
             plunged, seemingly overnight, into what appears
to be a deep and possibly drawn out recession. Our nation’s financial system—indeed, the global financial system—has been seriously destabilized by worthless securities resulting in an unwillingness by banks
to extend credit. This has slowed overall business activity to a crawl; consumers have cut back on their spending; unemployment is on the rise and the market value of the most basic and important individual asset—the family home—has been deteriorating for more than a year.
than $649 million (excluding collateral deposits);
• $270 million in common stock purchases as part of our 2008 Capital Allocation Plan;
• $234 million in debt repayment.
Operating revenue for the year totaled $6.89 billion, up 15%, driven by solid performance in all of our regions, particularly Texas, South Central and the West. In those three regions, income from operations on a year-over-year basis increased 74%, 75% and 49%, respectively.
  CEO lEttEr
1
           
                                                                                        -
             DepenDaBilitY anD saFetY
Our strong financial performance is attributable to a variety of factors, key among them: our fleet’s excellent operational and commercial performance, our highly effective fuel, transportation and energy hedging program and a disciplined strategy for increasing our return on invested capital (ROIC).
Safety is a key performance indicator for our plants. Indeed, in many ways, safety is the master key to our performance. Operating our facilities safely is not only absolutely imperative to supporting our workforce,
it also improves availability and lowers costs. Our OSHA Recordable Incident Rate (per 100 full-time employees) improved 49% in just one year, from
1.63 in 2007 to 0.84 in 2008, approaching top decile performance in our industry.
The South Texas Project (STP), which has earned more honors than any other U.S. nuclear power
plant, received the B. Ralph Sylvia Best of the Best Award for an unprecedented third time. This top industry award honors STP employees for successfully improving safety and lowering operational costs
by applying risk management to the power plant’s technical specifications program. STP established an American nuclear power industry record with the conclusion of its 2008 fall outage, completing four consecutive breaker-to-breaker production runs by repeatedly operating both its units continuously between refuelings. No other nuclear power plant has accomplished this in the five decades since the first commercial reactor in the United States began operations in 1958.
Operationally, we have also had an exceptional year. Our equivalent availability factor for our coal baseload generation portfolio reached a full-year 91.1% average,
approaching top decile performance and up from the 87.6% we achieved in 2007. The full-year availability for our 2,700 megawatt STP nuclear facility (net
1,175 megawatts to NRG), was 100% (excluding planned outages). Indeed, in the past four years, STP’s track record of avoiding unplanned outages for its two units has allowed us to produce more power than any of the other 32 two-reactor plants in the nation.
In support of these strong operations, NRG has
also distinguished itself in the competitive power sector through its disciplined commercial execution on its highly effective and opportunistic hedging program. This strategy protects our Company and our stockholders from the often volatile movements in transportation costs, and the sharp swings that fluctuations in the price of our input fuels have on the price of electricity we sell. During the first half of 2008, while fuel and electricity prices were raging, NRG secured a substantial amount of additional baseload hedges. Moving quickly to lock in margins paid dividends almost immediately as commodity prices plummeted in the second half of 2008.
The extreme volatility in 2008 presented both opportunity and risk. Our hedging program played a significant role not only in helping us smooth out the price fluctuations in our primary input costs—fuels and transportation on baseload and peaking capacity—but also in helping us ensure stable and desirable gross margins. This means the “spread” between the
costs of fuel and the revenue from the power our plants generate is locked for a large portion of our generating capacity in the near to medium term.
During the year we added nearly 48 million MWhrs of power and power-equivalent hedges dating through
      CEO lEttEr
2
       
                                                 Deliberate Focus on returns
Adding vAlue, increAsing profitAbility, improving efficiency
NRG’s Focus on Return on Invested Capital, FORNRG, reached a key milestone this year, contributing $259 million in bottom line results—a full year ahead of schedule—since the program launch four years ago. This success was underscored by fleetwide improvements that included reducing the number of forced outages, sharing best practices, conducting better inspections and identifying issues early.
On the back of this successful result, we launched FORNRG 2.0 in 2009. Our goal: to increase our ROIC by a full 100 basis points over the next four years. This equates to approximately $150 million per annum in higher free cash flow (FCF).
FORNRG 2.0 builds on the foundation of our first program. We will continue to pursue cost savings and revenue enhancement opportunities, plus asset optimization to better manage investment capital such as inventory, real estate and other asset categories. And while the first FORNRG considered projects that contributed to our gross profit and pre-tax income, the new program will define projects that benefit two key financial metrics: ROIC and FCF. Our initial efforts will be to move all our baseload plant performance to the top decile in our industry.
$300 $250 $200 $150 $100
$50
$0
$39
2005 2006
Amount of increAse
 $259
$220
$144
    2007 2008
previous tArget
         2013. We also added coal hedges for the forward five-year period, locking in a significant portion of our expected gross margin for our baseload generating capacity.
Finally, in 2008, we closed out the fourth year of
our project to improve return on invested capital, called FORNRG, which stands for Focus on ROIC at NRG. FORNRG has been a steady source of growth
in overall profitability, both in terms of additional revenue and from money-saving initiatives. In 2008, we implemented operating improvements that brought our total margin contributions since 2005
to $259 million—a full year ahead of schedule. The drive to improve how we operate at every level of the Company has produced insights that will benefit NRG for years to come—besides having helped create a record-setting year in 2008.
DecarBonizing our generation
Reducing carbon emissions is not a catch phrase for
us at NRG. We are absolutely convinced that global warming is the transcendent issue of our time and that history will judge our generation by how we respond to this impending crisis. Ours is a defining generation.
That is why we are working hard to bring leadership— and commercial success—to the U.S. by delivering a new generation of power technologies. There will be more on this later in the report.
But first, I want to be clear. We also believe that this commitment to the environment, approached wisely, can support our continued profitability as a Company. As part of this, and thanks to our strong financial results in 2008, we comfortably invested $188 million toward environmental spending at our existing facilities, and another $182 million toward maintenance.
A key to our decarbonization push is our RepoweringNRG program, which continued in 2008 with a half dozen critical projects and $645 million in capital expenditures. NRG is building the fleet for the future through technology retrofits at existing plants and new nuclear and renewable electric generation. We completed two significant Texas wind projects and are on track with our partner, Optim Energy, LLC, to complete the Cedar Bayou combined cycle gas turbine project in time to meet summer 2009 peak demand. In Connecticut, with our partner, The United Illuminating Company, we won a multi-year power sale
  CEO lEttEr
3

       Demonstrating renewable technologies
NRG made its first venture into solar power when we announced our agreement with eSolar, a leading provider of modular, scalable solar thermal power technology
to develop up to 500 megawatts of solar generation in California and the Southwest.
The first unit of zero carbon solar capacity, anticipated as early as 2011, will be one of the first commercial-scale solar thermal power tower plants in America. This solar generating facility will employ eSolar’s concentrating solar power technology, which is based on mass-manufactured components and designed for rapid construction and scalability.
NRG will develop these plants and the electricity generated— which at peaking capacity can power over 400,000 homes— will be sold under power purchase agreements with local utilities seeking competitively priced, renewable solar power.
This is NRG’s first venture into solar power. Adding these development opportunities continues to demonstrate our leadership in defining cost competitive, dependable and environmentally responsible energy generation for this and future generations. Do not expect it to be our last.
 eSolar photo
  contract for new peaking generation at Devon and Middletown; we also added clean, reliable power at Cos Cob (read more about these projects on page 9 of this report). Finally, in early 2009, we announced a partnership with eSolar, Inc. to construct carbon- free solar generation in California and the Southwest (see above).
RepoweringNRG supports NRG’s overall mission by improving the efficiency of our plants and repowering with lower emitting fuels, but it also has a larger and strategically important purpose. Two years ago we
at NRG began in earnest to respond to our country’s carbon emission addiction. RepoweringNRG is a multi- billion dollar answer to that addiction. The proposed investment will equip our generating fleet to develop and deploy innovative and efficient low- and no- carbon emerging technologies. Two years later, a solid portfolio of RepoweringNRG projects are already
well underway. In very tangible ways, this program represents our efforts to define the new power generation mix of the 21st century.
Instead of waiting for Congress to impose a cost on carbon emissions—as many of our competitors are doing—we have pushed forward aggressively with
our low-carbon development program in anticipation of climate change legislation. We firmly believe that Congress should—and will—act, and we have become vocal advocates of legislation that harnesses both promising clean electricity technology and “cap-and- trade” based regulation for carbon emissions. We believe that these mandates should be structured
to guide carbon prices to levels that will avoid an economically destructive “dash to gas” while providing companies the means and opportunities to demonstrate and deploy clean generation technologies.
As we continue to define a new approach to power generation, we believe we are well positioned to be a “first mover” in many of the major advances in the way power is generated and distributed in the coming years.
Developing our success plan
NRG enters 2009 with a strong balance sheet, more liquidity than ever, strong profit-building programs and processes, outstanding efficiency and plant performance and—because of general marketplace conditions and the change of Administration—more opportunity for value-enhancing growth than ever in our history.
   CEO lEttEr
4

                                                             That said, current economic conditions dictate that we proceed watchfully with our traditional prudence. In 2009 we plan to invest $511 million in maintenance and environmental capital expenditures in our existing assets. We recognize that the time will come when the economy will recover, bringing an even more immediate need for extra capacity. NRG wants to be in a position to capitalize on that demand.
Our ultimate objective is to be the competitive
power sector’s premier portfolio developer, owner and operator: leveraging our assets by maintaining
a generation fleet in the industry’s top decile for safety and performance, executing projects on time and on budget, maximizing our return on invested capital and ensuring environmental leadership while also identifying and influencing key legislative trends affecting our business. When you factor in our development capabilities and our strong commercial operations and risk management strategies, it becomes clear why NRG is able to deliver exceptional performance and record results in such a difficult economic climate.
As the theme of this year’s report states: defining generation for the next defining generation. Definitively.
That’s NRG.
DeDicateD to More than Just the JoB
On a personal note, I am extremely proud of
our Company’s unwavering commitment to the communities in which we live and work, specifically through our econrg and NRG Global Giving programs.
While other companies are finding themselves in the unfortunate position of cutting back on their outreach and donations, NRG is upholding our commitments to the people and towns we serve.
None of 2008’s outstanding results would have
been possible without our talented employees and leadership team. In spite of an uncertain environment and an unsolicited takeover attempt, our employees maintain their focus on the daily tasks at hand, responding to challenges that range from hurricanes to everyday operational issues. I also want to thank our Board of Directors, who throughout the year has offered sound guidance, management support and strategic focus. And thank you, our stockholders,
for your faith and support in these challenging and uncertain times.
Sincerely yours,
David Crane
President & Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2009
                  CEO lEttEr
5
 
                  recorD Year in 2008
• $1.0 billion in net income from continuing operations
• $2.3 billion in full-year adjusted ebitdA, excluding mark-to-market movements
• $3.4 billion in total liquidity, excluding collateral deposits
                                                                                                                                                     DECISIvE WIN: FINaNCIal HIGHlIGHtS
$ Millions except per share Data
Year enDeD DeceMBer 31, 2008
2008 2007 2006 2005 2004
  income stAtement
operAting revenues 6,885 net income from continuing operAtions 1 ,0 1 6 netincome 1,188
5,989 5,585 2,400 2,080
569 543 68 157
586 621 84 186
1,517 408 68 645
481 221 106 119
1,132 777 486 1,055
2.21 2.2 1 0.38 0.93
2 . 0 1 2.04 0.38 0.93
19.48 19.48 11.31 13.14
240 258 169 199
 cAsH floW
cAsH floW from operAtions
cApitAl eXpenditures
cAsH And cAsH eQuivAlents
common sHAre dAtA
net eArnings per sHAre — bAsic
net eArnings per sHAre — diluted
book vAlue per sHAre
WeigHted AverAge common:
sHAres outstAnding — bAsic
sHAres outstAnding — diluted
cApitAliZAtion
totAl debt, including cApitAl leAses
common eQuity
preferred eQuity
totAl cApitAl
rAtios
totAl debt/totAl cApitAl
eArnings/fiXed cHArges
return on eQuity
1,434
1,0 1 5
1,494
4.82
4.29
26.69
235
275
8, 1 68
6 , 2 5 6
1 , 1 00
15,524
53%
3.62
2 8 8
8,36 1
4,61 2
3 0 1
8,726
4,766
1 7 1
2,456
1 ,825
2 0 11
3,220
2,286
     16.7 1 %
10.65 %
10.98 %
3.77 %
.9 1 %
1,139 1,139 652 406
14,112 14,631 4,933 5,912
 59 %
2.28
60 %
2.38
50 %
1 .57
54%
1.93
   FINANCIAl DAtA
6
    
   DEpEND ON US:
FOr valUE, GrOWtH aND DISCIplINE
chairman letter
Dear Fellow stockholDers:
This has been an extraordinary year for NRG: record earnings, record liquidity and robust cash flow, with across-the-board improvements in operating, safety and environmental measures. Our achievements were the results of the continued efforts of NRG’s talented management team and dedicated employees, all
of whom were focused on executing our long-term growth strategy and ultimately delivering maximum value to you.
While these results are extremely gratifying, the
tenor of our year changed on October 19 with Exelon Corporation’s unsolicited takeover bid. Due to the time lag inherent in the printing process of this report, we encourage our stockholders to reference more
initiatives in environment and energy. Previously, McGinty spent six years in the Clinton Administration as chair of the White House Council on Environmental Quality and earlier served as a senior environmental advisor to Vice President Al Gore.
The NRG Board has overseen and evaluated NRG’s most significant decisions over the past five years, including the acquisition of the remaining 50% interest in our Southern California generation facilities, and
the Texas Genco transaction, a truly transformative event for our Company. In fact, your Board has been central to all capital structure decisions, and we further sharpened that oversight in 2008 by creating the Finance Committee to further ensure
            timely communications regarding that situation. However, as this letter goes to print your Board and NRG management have evaluated Exelon’s offer very carefully and have hired financial and legal advisors to provide us with a third-party assessment. In concurrence with our advisors’ opinions, your Board has determined unanimously that Exelon’s offer to exchange 0.485 of its shares for each share of NRG stock grossly undervalues NRG.
We believe your Board is highly qualified to evaluate this offer impartially. We are a truly independent Board; all of our members are non-management
with the exception of NRG President and CEO,
David Crane, and each member was chosen after a comprehensive recruitment and approval process undertaken entirely independent of NRG management influence. Your Board brings to its task broad expertise in energy, finance, operating and legal issues. Every NRG director was uniquely selected for his or her individual areas of knowledge, producing a well-rounded and thoughtful board.
As part of this approach, in 2008 we welcomed Kathleen McGinty, an individual with a deep knowledge in regulatory affairs, clean energy and the power generation sector. McGinty is the former Secretary of the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection, where she oversaw all environmental policy, regulatory and enforcement activities and also spearheaded key legislative
the efficient evaluation of capital allocation plans,
our RepoweringNRG program and our development engineering, procurement and construction program. This Board has been tested and has succeeded in its responsibilities by never wavering in our commitment to the NRG stockholder.
NRG is an extremely well-run, profitable and growing Company whose industry-leading hedging program insulates us from the recent contraction in the market and secures profitability for the difficult period ahead. Though the trading price of our common stock shares does not currently reflect the fundamental value of NRG—due to significant market dislocations—we believe that with economic recovery, more rational markets will prevail and our share price should recover to levels that more accurately reflect a fairer value
of our Company. In the meantime, we appreciate the ongoing support we receive from our stockholders. We can assure you that your Board and NRG management will continue to execute on our strategy to maximize stockholder return.
Sincerely yours,
Howard Cosgrove Chairman of the Board February 28, 2009
   CHAIrMAN lEttEr
7
  