  CEO LETTER
  Dear FelloW stockholDers:
When we emerged in summer 2009 from one of the greatest challenges we have faced to the fundamental value of our Company, thanks in no small part to the support of our stockholders, I plainly told you all it was time for us to reward your confidence by demonstrating our ability to enhance shareholder value. To this point, insofar as the performance of our shares in 2010 reflects, we have not.
The massive gravitational force of relentlessly low natural gas prices on independent power producers like NRG has left our share price languishing well below levels we find acceptable. A flood of cheaply accessed natural gas from unconventional shale formations has driven down gas prices, particularly near- term gas prices. Since the price of our core product, wholesale electricity, is fundamentally tied to natural gas, the forward price of electricity has dropped and, with it, our share price.
The good news, and indeed it is news that you should take significant comfort in, is that although natural gas prices have been in decline since mid-2008, that decline has
not stopped us from posting another year of exceptional financial results. Adjusted EBITDA of more than $2 billion for the fourth straight year and adjusted free cash flow before growth investments of $1.4 billion highlight our continuing financial strength and the business logic of both our forward hedging program and our unique combination of wholesale generation and retail energy services, delivered principally through our highly successful subsidiary, Reliant Energy.
Our robust financial performance also underpins our ability to seize the extraordinary opportunities that have arisen
in the rapidly changing power industry landscape. Coming out of the Great Recession, an ever increasing number of Americans are more aware of their energy usage. They don’t want to waste energy; they want to promote energy sources that are sustainable and do not pollute our air and water supply so that they can be equally enjoyed by their children and grandchildren. The American people want to make energy choices that rely on domestic resources and sustain American jobs, rather than increase dependence on foreign fuels. The phenomena I am describing tend to be collectively characterized as a trend towards a green or sustainable lifestyle, but I think of it more as a desire to be smart in our energy choices.
The operative word is “choice,” and that’s what has changed in our industry. The consumer trend toward sustainability has been in progress for at least two decades, but has been focused on areas outside of energy, such as organic food, recycling and paperless offices. The sustainability trend has
always been predicated on the simple fact that the well- intentioned but supremely pragmatic American consumer will make the smart choice—the green choice—when there is a legitimate choice to be made.
Traditionally, Americans have had little or no choice about the energy flowing into their homes and the energy pouring into their gas tanks. But times are finally changing. Smart and sustainable energy choices are increasingly available
to the American public. Reliant Energy offers e-SenseTM
smart energy solutions, which allow customers to receive detailed information about how they use electricity at home and gather timely insights about their power use and cost. Green Mountain Energy Company, which sells renewable power to consumers, experienced its 10th successive year of double-digit growth in green customers who want to make a difference for the environment.
We also want to expand and increase the speed at which these smart choices reach consumers, which is why NRG has joined GE and ConocoPhillips to form Energy Technology Ventures—a fund created by the three partners to collectively invest an initial $300 million in potentially revolutionary clean energy technologies.
While Green Mountain and Reliant are offering American consumers the choice to be sustainable in the energy they use in the home, an even bigger revolution is in the offing for Americans as they take to the roads. In 2011, for the first time, American consumers will have a credible choice to reduce dramatically or even eliminate their personal dependence on
ceo letter
      1

 ceo letter
      2

  foreign oil by buying any one of a number of plug-in hybrid or pure electric vehicles being brought to market by a wide range of auto manufacturers. We at NRG expect to play a significant role by ensuring that plug-in car owners, as a result of their car choice, do not feel constrained in terms of their driving range.
If the American public responds positively, the electric vehicle will have a transformational impact on both our conventional and emerging green businesses. Electric vehicles, adopted en masse, will increase electricity demand and flatten out daily consumption in a manner that, when combined with smart grid technology, will favor the baseload generation that is the heart of NRG. Further, the emergence of electric vehicles should accelerate the shift from conventional power to sustainable power in the home as many EV owners will not want to simply trade tailpipe emissions for smokestack emissions. Most EV owners,
we believe, will naturally be drawn to the likes of Green Mountain or Reliant’s smart energy products, creating what we call the virtuous green circle of energy usage in the home and on the roads. Finally, the emerging EV market presents NRG with a tremendous opportunity to develop fueling products and services for EV owners and the businesses that want to cater to them.
In November, NRG launched eVgo in Houston, the first privately funded, comprehensive electric vehicle charging ecosystem in America. The eVgo package, which I like to characterize as a “miles” contract similar to the “minutes” contract on your mobile phone, consists of the purchase
and installation of the fast charger at the EV owner’s home, free access to the network of fast chargers that we intend
to install around the Houston area and unlimited electricity to fuel the EV itself. The package is designed to bring enormous operating convenience to EV owners, substantially reduce EV operating costs and create certainty around those costs. Most importantly, eVgo will convert the range anxiety that is currently associated with electric car ownership to range certainty. We are the perfect Company to lead in this area because our unique combination of power generation facilities and retail energy services in Houston better enable us to service EV owners with such comprehensive fueling service packages.
The EV revolution is only going to test further an already aging U.S. baseload power generation fleet. And probably the most critical strategic decision our industry needs to make over the next decade, in consultation with federal and state public policy makers, is how to replace the baseload capacity that will power Americans in their homes and on the roads for the better part of the remainder of this century.
Certainly, our industry will build a lot of natural gas-fueled plants and that is a good thing. Natural gas is a highly flexible, very efficient, reassuringly domestic and relatively clean fuel by fossil fuel standards. But natural gas always has been, and will likely continue to be, a highly cyclical commodity with very significant price volatility over the business cycle. An American power industry that relied
almost exclusively on natural gas for its baseload generation would consume an enormous amount of natural gas. Like many in the power industry, we believe as a matter of prudent public policy and industry practice, the trend towards increased reliance on natural gas for power generation purposes should not be allowed to become total dependence on natural gas.
That presents two alternatives for new baseload power—new advanced nuclear power and clean coal. Four years ago, in response to the passage of the Energy Policy Act of 2005, we started development of two new nuclear units at South Texas Project (STP). While the STP project has achieved immense progress and is, as I write this, one of very few nuclear development projects in contention for the all-critical federal loan guarantee, the loan guarantee and the project’s combined operating license application remain pending.
While this project remains hugely important and has enormous potential for commercial success as the future zero-emission cornerstone of our baseload fleet in Texas,
we remain acutely focused on achieving favorable terms
and conditions with respect to financing; engineering, procurement and construction arrangements; and offtake contracts. We will be intensely disciplined about our decision whether or not to go forward into construction. The stakes
  ceo letter
      3
BUILDING A GREENER FUTURE
Green Mountain enerGy joins the FaMily
   NRG welcomed the nation’s leading retail provider of clean energy products and services, Green Mountain Energy Company, into the family in 2010.
We believe that the American population is seeking to live more sustainably across all phases of their lifestyle. Working through Green Mountain, in combination with our growing portfolio of renewable initiatives, NRG plans to become the clean energy provider of choice for Americans who want to make a difference for the environment.
Green Mountain is working to expand its base of commercial customers inTexas and NewYork, where it now provides 100% renewable energy to the iconic Empire State Building. We believe Green Mountain’s clean energy offerings will become increasingly in demand, and NRG plans to meet this demand by expanding through Green Mountain into a growing number of America’s competitive electricity markets.
 
eVgoSM ELECTRIFIES HOUSTON wITH CHARGING INFRASTRUCTURE
neW eV ecosysteMs heaD to texas
   At the confluence of two of the Company’s most important strategies for the future—becoming more customer-focused and offering truly green services and products, NRG in November launched the nation’s first privately funded, comprehensive electric vehicle ecosystem in Houston.The launch event marked the start of a rollout of EV ecosystems acrossTexas planned for 2011.
Under the brand name eVgo, NRG will provide EV owners throughout the greater Houston area, at first, and then throughout all ofTexas’ major metropolitan areas with an affordable “home-and-away” fueling package, as well as access to conveniently located public fast charging stations, for a flat monthly fee. NRG will not go it alone in making the eVgo network a success, as the Company brought together one of the broadest coalitions of partners in our history to support our EV ecosystems. Partners like Best Buy and Walgreens will host charging stations in Houston; AeroVironment, GE, Reliant, Green Mountain Energy,
TXU and Direct Energy will provide charging technologies, network services and retail electricity; while Nissan North America, Hertz, and other auto sales and rental companies have joined to support eVgo.
The Houston eVgo network rollout is only the start of the Company’s efforts to help Americans stem the massive transfer of wealth to oil-producing nations.
     are high, but the potential competitive benefits to us are enormous. Nonetheless, we will not bet the bright future of our Company on this one project.
Exceptional Financial Performance in a
Challenging Environment
In my mind, the attractive investment proposition that we offer our shareholders is that we have demonstrably proven that we can effectively make substantial investments in the future of the Company while delivering exemplary financial and operating results in the present. Last year was no exception. In the face of many external challenges, most notably the sharply declining natural gas commodity price
environment, NRG’s 4,964 employees delivered another year of exceptional financial and operational performance:
2010 results
• $2,514 million in adjusted EBITDA, just shy of our record EBITDA of $2,618 million in 2009
• Compound annual adjusted EBITDA growth of 4.8% from 2008 to 2010, compared to a 29.6% compound annual decrease in the average per MMBtu Henry Hub natural gas price during the same period
• $1,760 million of adjusted cash flow from operations, the second highest total in Company history
• $180 million of common stock, or 8.5 million shares repurchased
• $758 million debt paid down, including $453 million of term loan and $190 million of Common Stock Finance
• Record liquidity of $4,252 million, excluding collateral deposits, up 12.1% from 2009
• Safest year in our history with a 0.75 OSHA incident
rate across the organization, in the top decile of industry safety results.
This strong financial and operational performance did
not come at the expense of investing in NRG’s substantial growth opportunities as the Company made $309 million of equity investments on RepoweringNRG projects and STP 3&4 in 2010.
Clearly, while we continue to scan the horizon to best position our Company to capitalize on fundamental trends molding our industry’s future, NRG is executing at the highest level today.
A Banner Year for Value-Enhancing
Transactions
The Company took advantage during 2010 of opportunities to strengthen key elements of both its conventional business and its growing sustainable energy business.
We added the modern Cottonwood combined-cycle plant to allow us to more efficiently follow load in the Entergy zone from our own portfolio, which, in turn, will better enable us to serve our growing customer obligations in the South Central region as well as to become a stronger competitor for new business. The 1,265 megawatt (MW) natural gas-fueled Cottonwood plant is one of the newest and most efficient in the region, with a dedicated and highly capable workforce that we are pleased to welcome to the NRG family.
NRG acquired Green Mountain during 2010, which for
10 years has been the nation’s leading retail provider of clean energy products and services. Green Mountain sells renewable power to more than 300,000 commercial and residential customers, with the majority in Texas and a small but fast-growing number in the Northeast, particularly
New York City. We intend to focus Green Mountain on
what it does best—selling green energy and services—
ceo letter
     4

 ceo letter
      5

 ceo letter
      6

 but our ownership will enable Green Mountain to expand more forcefully into attractive markets and into customer segments that they previously have not targeted. You also can expect to see Green Mountain offering more physical green energy products as part of its product menu as we anticipate an increasing demand among consumers and businesses for “distributed green” energy generation.
Over time, we will increasingly align Green Mountain’s retail expertise with our fast-growing, large-scale renewable generation. We are increasingly leveraging our retail businesses, Green Mountain and Reliant, to sell the renewable energy credits generated by our 450 MW of wind farms.
Further west, we struck numerous deals to acquire thermal projects and photovoltaic solar projects under development in California, Arizona and New Mexico. These projects,
in our opinion, represent very attractive investments of
our shareholders’ capital thanks to long-term offtake agreements, minimal construction risk, proven technology and very long-term warranties from the key equipment
manufacturers. By the end of 2011, we expect to be on our way to being the largest solar generator in the U.S., with three of the largest photovoltaic and solar thermal projects in the world (Agua Caliente in Arizona, California Valley Solar Ranch and Ivanpah in California) well into construction.
We think our Company is uniquely well-suited to realize the opportunities associated with solar power, and we like that solar power has been consistently encouraged by public policy at the federal and state levels and across the political spectrum. When you consider the inexhaustibility of the solar resource in the U.S., the zero marginal cost of production and the potential for continued technological innovation that will bring the total cost of solar power down to grid parity, we think the political consensus supporting solar power is well-placed.
Taken together, our solar and wind projects and Green Mountain will play a major role in helping us achieve our target of having roughly a quarter of our EBITDA come from cleaner energy sources by the middle part of this decade.
   ceo letter
      7
HARNESSING THE POwER OF THE SUN
BuilDinG on the Blythe solar Project
   NRG sees solar power as a national development opportunity and is building a robust multi-technology portfolio to lead the industry in delivering the benefits of this zero-emission renewable power source.Through our subsidiary NRG Solar, the Company has made great strides in the past year in both expanding and deepening the solar portfolio.
NRG began implementing its solar strategy in late 2009 by purchasing the Blythe Solar Project, the largest solar photovoltaic facility in California. Since then, 2010 has seen a steady stream
of larger and more sophisticated projects announced across the Southwest. With the extension of the federal cash grant program for shovel-ready renewable projects through 2011, the coming year is sure to be another active one for NRG in solar development.
The Company made a big splash in its first move into solar thermal technology, announcing our intention to take a lead investment role in BrightSource Energy’s 392 megawatt (MW) Ivanpah project in California’s Mojave Desert. At peak, Ivanpah is expected to generate enough renewable power to supply more than 140,000 homes when the project comes fully online in 2013.
Also in California, we are a partner in the construction of Avenal, a solar facility that will be more than twice the size of Blythe.Through
a partnership with SunPower Corp., the Company plans to develop the 250 MW California Valley Solar Ranch project, expected to be one of the largest solar PV projects in the world.
In June, NRG acquired a 720 MW portfolio of projects at sites
in California and Arizona and broke ground on two smaller PV projects—a 25 MW project forTucson Electric Power and a 20 MW project in New Mexico. In December, the Company announced the planned acquisition of the 290 MW Agua Caliente Project inYuma County, Arizona, which will be one of the world’s largest PV projects when it comes online in 2014.
In addition to large commercial-scale projects, NRG has also started developingdistributedsolararrays,or“solarpavilions,”forselect school districts in Arizona.These solar pavilions and their panels are being developed as carports adjacent to school buildings. Future installations could also supply shade for playgrounds, sidewalks or whatever best fits the needs of the individual school.
Through this busy year, NRG has shown it is committed to taking a leadership role in developing this bountiful zero-emission energy resource in the Southwest and beyond through a variety of innovative technological applications, brightening the future for hundreds of thousands of Americans.
 
HOME OF THE FUTURE READy TODAy
reliant PoWerinG sMart hoMes
   Take today’s networkedTVs, Blu-ray players and smart appliances, add in electric vehicle chargers and rooftop solar panels, then mix them with a smart meter and an electricity provider like Reliant Energy—what do you get?The long anticipated “home of the future.” For the 2.5 million homes inTexas equipped with smart meters, the home of the future is possible today.
Slicing open a theoretical home complete with grid-aware electronic devices like thermostats and dishwashers, Reliant showed 2011 Consumer Electronics Show attendees how an entire home could be managed right from their iPad or smart phone. While the home at CES was just a display, this holistic home management is possible today inTexas.Whether you forgot to set your DVR or you want the dishwasher to run before you get home for dinner, consumers with smart devices can now manage it all with the press of a few buttons.
And when customers sign up to use Reliant e-SenseTM smart energy solutions, they will receive detailed information about how they use electricity so that they can tell their smart devices to run when electricity is most affordable. With that amount of knowledge, Reliant customers will have all the tools they need to truly manage their electricity bills. Reliant leadsTexas in bringing the benefits of smart energy technology to consumers with more than 175,000 customers already using e-SenseTM.
    Finally, in 2010, we expanded our business into Arizona through the acquisition of Northwind Phoenix, a very highly regarded district cooling business active in and around Phoenix. We see a bright future, literally, there as NRG Energy Center Phoenix, as it is now named, expands its cooling business and as we get more active in tapping Arizona’s immense solar resources.
Shovels in the Ground
Despite Congress’ inability to pass comprehensive climate and energy legislation in the previous session, public policy more generally continues to favor solar and other forms of zero-emission power generation across the country. There are 35 states with clean alternative energy standards or goals. We believe energy will be the focus of considerable attention in the new Congress; and we believe the various initiatives that our Company has under way put us in a unique position to move quickly to capture any opportunity that arises as a result of government action or, for that matter, inaction.
While the previous year was not kind to our stockholders,
I believe the evidence is clear that we are well-positioned for better years to come. Companies that resist the tide
of history and societal change tend to get swamped. Your Company, on the other hand, has paddled hard during the year to get out on the front edge of the wave. The four cornerstones of America’s energy future are clean baseload power; renewables backed by fast-start, high efficiency gas- fueled combined-cycle plants; the smart grid; and electric vehicles. NRG holds a leading position as a first mover on
all of these elements and is poised to capture the immense benefits inherent in the opportunities they present.
To my fellow stockholders, thank you for your patience with and recognition of the transformation that is now well under way at NRG. The preparation is over and, in many respects, the shovel is in the ground. But we aren’t done, and we’re getting more shovels ready. The future is very bright, and
if you believe as I do that our society is trending green, I welcome you to come along for the ride as we continue to move clean energy forward.
Sincerely yours,
David Crane
President & Chief Executive Officer January 31, 2011
ceo letter
         8

 ceo letter
      9

  DRIVING PERFORMANCE
Financial hiGhliGhts
    INCOME STATEMENT
CASH flOW
COMMON SHARE DATA
CAPITAlIZATION
RATIOS
 NET INCOME
fROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS $ 476 941 1 ,053
  CAPITAl EXPENDITURES $ 706 734 899
ADJUSTED fREE CASH flOW
bEfORE GROWTH INVESTMENTS $ 1 ,438 1 ,462 1 ,043
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVAlENTS $ 2,95 1 2,304 1 ,494
  NET EARNINGS PER SHARE — DIlUTED $ 1 .84 3.44 4.43
bOOk VAlUE PER SHARE $ 32.65 29.72 26.75
 WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON:
  COMMON EQUITy $ 8,072 7,548 6,270
PREfERRED EQUITy $ 248 396 1 , 1 00
 TOTAl CAPITAl $ 15,880 14,058 14,037
  fREE CASH flOW bEfORE GROWTH
INVESTMENTS PER SHARE, DIlUTED $ 5.66 5.39 3.79
      PRESERVING VALUE IN 2010
 • $8.8 billion of operating revenue, just shy of record 2009 operating revenues • $2.5 billion of adjusted EBITDA, excluding mark-to-market movements
• $1.4 billion of adjusted free cash flow before growth investments
• $4.3 billion of liquidity, excluding collateral deposits, up 12.1% from 2009
    $ millions ExcEpt pEr sharE data
OPERATING REVENUES
NET INCOME ATTRIbUTAblE TO NRG ENERGy, INC.
CASH flOW fROM OPERATIONS
NET EARNINGS PER SHARE — bASIC
SHARES OUTSTANDING — bASIC SHARES OUTSTANDING — DIlUTED
NET DEbT*
NET DEbT/TOTAl CAPITAl
*Net debt = Total debt, including funded letter of credit for 2010
YEar EndEd dEcEmbEr 31
2010 2009 2008
$ 8,849 8,952 6,885
$ 477 942 1,225
$ 1,623 2,106 1,479
$ 1.86 3.70 4.98
252 246 235 254 271 275
$ 7,560 6,114 6,667
Financials
43%
43 % 48%
       10

  Dear FelloW stockholDers:
The past year of progress made by NRG in many ways mirrored the steps our nation’s economy had to take in 2010. In the early going, the NRG Board of Directors’ focus was
on protecting shareholder value in a climate of immediate challenges and uncertainties, but by the end of the year your Board took a hard look at one of the Company’s most pressing questions: Where do we go from here?
As near-record EBITDA in 2010 shows, NRG’s hedging program continued to protect the Company from an extended downturn in commodity prices. The core fleet continued to perform at high levels of reliability and safety. Considering natural gas and power prices remained at depressed levels for the second straight full year, we believe our financial results demonstrate solid performance in the face of lingering market difficulties.
The Board was pleased that a settlement with CPS Energy helped maintain a relationship with them and preserve the South Texas Project 3&4 expansion. We were also encouraged by NRG’s reduced financial exposure to the project, both through Tokyo Electric Power Company’s decision to join the project as an equity partner and by reducing spending on the expansion by more than 90%. Management and your Board agree that the remaining uncertainties with STP 3&4 must be minimized before any major additional financial commitments to the project are made. The Company has identified potential exit points from the project that ensure capital will only be used on this ambitious project so long as the risk to shareholders is justified.
Advancing past the challenges early in the year, we increased our focus on our strategic vision for NRG. A diverse portfolio with more renewable and low-carbon generation is the right path to create shareholder value. The Company’s investment of time and money into clean energy initiatives like nuclear, solar and offshore wind is prudent, given changes in society and the industry. Your Board’s primary focus moving forward will be to ensure these initiatives include a clear plan to manage outstanding risks.
As our oversight of this plan to diversify progressed, much of our attention focused on strategic transactions to enhance NRG’s vision to develop a greener business model. Your Board authorized the Company to acquire Green Mountain Energy Company, the Cottonwood Generating Station and several large solar projects in the West. The expansion of NRG’s renewable energy offerings and Green Mountain’s
market position as a leading retail provider of zero-emission electricity combine to create a platform to launch the Company’s next-generation green strategies.
We will continue to review and help refine this vision for
the future that will lead to further diversification and boost financial performance. There are attractive opportunities in emerging clean technologies to pursue and new markets to expand our retail businesses. The Company will also continue to establish a foothold in developing services markets like
for the electric vehicle so NRG can gain experience on which of those services we may want to provide in the future. Your Board will continue to take the prudent actions necessary
to allow our Company to capture these developing opportunities.
After a year of operational hurdles and challenges, your Board is focused on stewarding NRG through a period of important industry changes that present the Company with significant opportunities to create shareholder value. In this changing landscape, we appreciate your continuing support as we align NRG’s strategy to best reward your commitment.
Sincerely yours,
Howard Cosgrove
Chairman of the Board January 31, 2011
   chairMan’s letter
      11
CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
