Message to Stockholders
MESSAGE TO STOCKHOLDERS:
It's generally true that railroad traffic can be a barometer of economic activity, and this certainly proved to be true in 2014 as Norfolk Southern rode the wave of a resurgent U.S. economy to achieve a record year. For the first time ever, we achieved $2 billion in net income, and at the same time set a number of other records, including total revenues, operating income, earnings per share, and our first-ever operating ratio below 70.0. The numbers for 2014 tell the story. We achieved record revenues that increased 3 percent from 2013 to $11.6 billion in 2014, marking our fourth consecutive $11 billionplus year. Income from railway operations was a record $3.6 billion, up 10 percent from 2013, and our net income of $2 billion also set a new financial milestone. Even as we made considerable investments to improve service and operations, our commitment to disciplined cost control was reflected in a 1 percent increase, contributing to our best-ever operating ratio of 69.2 percent. Traffic volume was up 5 percent overall in 2014. Intermodal volume increased 8 percent, and general merchandise was up 5 percent, offset by a 5 percent decline in coal shipments. In terms of our capital allocation priorities, we extended our longstanding dividend policy, raising the dividend on the company's common stock by 10 percent. Norfolk Southern has a record of 130 consecutive quarters of paying dividends on our common stock. In addition, we invested $318 million in share repurchases, while continuing to invest in our infrastructure and capabilities to enhance performance and drive continued growth and value creation. These accomplishments were all the more remarkable considering the very significant operating and service challenges that we, along with much of the industry, faced for much of the year. 2014 began with an extraordinarily severe winter that affected most of our service territory for almost three months.

OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM
(left to right top to bottom)

JIM HIXON CINDY EARHART DON SEALE MARTA STEWART MARK MANION JIM SQUIRES WICK MOORMAN DEB BUTLER

Intermodal train crosses the James River in Virginia.

It was the first time we all heard the term "polar vortex," and the result was a dramatically slowed North American rail network with far greater resource requirements. Then, barely a week after the snows had melted, we saw our traffic surge to levels that were significantly higher than our expectations, particularly in our highvolume corridor between Chicago and New Jersey/Philadelphia. This unprecedented surge continued throughout the second and third quarters, both periods seeing an 8 percent traffic increase year-over-year. This growth, coupled with ongoing slower network velocity, created a set of ongoing challenges for our company. However, I am happy to report that the Norfolk Southern team responded with focus, innovation, and just plain hard work -- all hallmarks of our company's long-term success -- putting the people, equipment, and infrastructure behind every train to ensure that our operations remained fluid and our customers' shipments were delivered.

As business began to rise dramatically following the difficult winter, we invested significant resources to align our people, equipment, and rail capacity with the volumes we were experiencing on the network. We hired 1,344 train and engine employees during 2014 and placed into service 169 locomotives, including new, used, and rebuilt units. We also initiated several infrastructure projects in the Chicago and upper Midwest areas to add capacity and operating flexibility. As an example, we completed a major expansion of our yard at Bellevue, Ohio, which is helping to relieve congestion at other terminals and give us greater flexibility in routing trains. At Chicago, completion in 2014 of a bridge known as the Englewood flyover, which separates Norfolk Southern operations from Metra trains, has measurably improved our operations.

Evening at Bellevue Yard, Ohio

Together with our hiring program and locomotive additions, these and other infrastructure projects -- supported by a $2.1 billion capital spending program in 2014 -- demonstrated our continuing resolve to give customers the level of service they deserve and expect of Norfolk Southern. I'm pleased to report that by yearend, our network velocity was significantly improved, and that improvement will continue as 2015 progresses. Through our partnerships with customers and communities, Norfolk Southern helped with the location of 72 new industries and the expansion of 22 existing industries on our rail lines in 2014. These industrial development activities represent a customer investment of $5.7 billion and are expected to create 4,420 new jobs and more than 205,000 carloads of new rail traffic annually.

Throughout Norfolk Southern's 184year history, from the earliest days of American railroading, we and our predecessor companies have worked to create close connections with our communities. We care deeply about our corporate responsibility to minimize the environmental impacts of our operations, contributing to clean, safe, and secure communities. In 2014, Norfolk Southern was recognized as a marketplace leader in carbon disclosure, successfully integrating sustainable business practices into daily operations. We also were accepted for membership in the Campbell Institute of the National Safety Council in recognition of environmental, health, and safety leadership. As we near two centuries of service, our commitment to sustainable business practices is just as enduring.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
(left to right top to bottom)

WESLEY G. BUSH MARTIN H. NESBITT JOHN R. THOMPSON JAMES A. SQUIRES STEVEN F. LEER ERSKINE B. BOWLES THOMAS D. BELL, JR. AMY E. MILES KAREN N. HORN ROBERT A. BRADWAY CHARLES W. MOORMAN DANIEL A. CARP MICHAEL D. LOCKHART

One of the other great strengths of our company is our board of directors. Norfolk Southern is extremely fortunate to have a very talented group of individuals with a broad diversity of backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives who serve on our board, and in 2014 we elected two new members. Amy Miles of Knoxville, Tenn., is chief executive officer and a director of Regal Entertainment Group, Inc., and brings terrific management and financial skills to the board. We also elected Jim Squires, Norfolk Southern's president, to the board. As both his colleague and friend, I can tell you that since becoming president in 2013, Jim has provided a distinctive and forward-looking perspective for our most important activities and issues, and we will benefit from his insight and leadership on the board, as well as his leadership of our company in years to come. 2014 was an outstanding year for Norfolk Southern in most respects, and it certainly demonstrated the increasing demand for our services and the growing value of freight rail transportation in the marketplace. Our strategy remains the same ­ operate an efficient, high-velocity railroad, which enables us to offer the best possible customer service and retain and grow business at rates that provide a superior return for our owners. As the extraordinary circumstances of 2014 showed, that's sometimes easier said than done, but our ongoing ability to execute this strategy has driven our success in the past and will do so in the future. That's for one reason and one reason only -- the talents and abilities of our people. The Norfolk Southern team is made up of great people ­ smart, creative, and hardworking -- who come to work every day with a mission to make our company, our customers' companies, and the communities we serve, better and stronger. They are there behind every train. They are the best in the business, and I am proud to be one of them.

