Dear Fellow Stockholders:
Norfolk Southern's performance in 2000 met neither our standards nor yours. While we overcame operating challenges and improved the condition of our company as a functioning transportation system, we did not achieve acceptable financial results. Lower-than-expected railroad carloadings and record-high diesel fuel prices combined to produce disappointing earnings. Pressure on the bottom line was compounded by weakness in the economy and changes in our transportation markets at a time when we were focused on recovery from prior service problems. As a result, we recorded net income of $273 million, or 71 cents per diluted share, excluding work-force reduction charges of $101 million. Including the charges, net income was $172 million, or 45 cents per diluted share, down 28 percent compared with 1999. Our goal now is to improve the financial performance of our expanded network. We will do that through a series of planned restructuring initiatives designed to reduce costs and enhance value for investors, although we now must do so in an uncertain economic environment. As stockholders, you are aware of one of those actions. Our Board of Directors reduced Norfolk Southern's quarterly dividend to 6 cents per share, compared with the previously paid quarterly dividend of 20 cents per share. This was a difficult decision but a necessary component of our restructuring. We must manage our costs and create a package of debt repayment and total returns that will move us successfully forward. Reducing the dividend is one step in a strategy we are implementing to further align our company with changing economic realities and sharpen our focus on improving financial performance while maintaining our commitment to safety and customer service. The restructuring includes: l Improving productivity by a workforce reduction over the next 12 months, which will be in addition to programs announced in 2000; l Disposition of at least 12,000 surplus freight cars; l A line rationalization program targeting 3,000 to 4,000 underutilized or duplicate track miles over the next 24 months; l Continuing investment in technology and implementation of state-of-the-art transportation systems; l Consolidation or disposition of several underutilized or redundant facilities; and l A redesign of Norfolk Southern's service network with the assistance of MultiModal Applied Systems, a railroad consulting firm with a successful track record of helping railroads reduce operating costs while improving service levels. We began attacking our cost structure last year through work-force reductions. Since the end of 1999, we have reduced the number of employees by 3,300, or 9 percent of the work force. As part of that effort, we have been able to reduce our nonagreement work force by almost 25 percent from approximately 6,000 to about 4,600. Meanwhile, our agreement work force has been reduced by almost 7 percent. Going forward, we will continue to review our work-force requirements against business levels and will size our work force accordingly. Our ability to provide our product at competitive prices depends in part on this effort, and we will continue to improve. At the same time, we will not let up on our commitments to service and safety. In May, Norfolk Southern employees again set the industry standard and earned an unprecedented eleventh consecutive E.H. Harriman Gold Medal award, a remarkable safety achievement. This is a testament to the hard work and dedication of all our people, who maintained their focus on safety during a time of change. It shows what we can do. A significant milestone was reached in Thoroughbred Quality during the year with ISO 9002 registration of our Northern Region transportation operations, major mechanical shops and the training group. As a result, all of the company's transportation operations now meet this internationally recognized standard for quality and customer service. This recognition is another real achievement in changing times. We completed in November an accelerated systemwide rollout of our serviceenhancing yard inventory data system, the Thoroughbred Yard Enterprise System. We also are making operating system changes, in development with our consult-

3

ing partners, to improve routes, train movement and service design. We have announced major e-commerce efforts in partnership with other transportation companies to enhance efficiency and improve our service. On another front, interest in our Thoroughbred Technology and Telecommunications, Inc., or TCubed, subsidiary remains strong. In cooperation with its telecommunications partners, T-Cubed is pursuing a unique business plan and building an eastern U.S. fiber optic network along Norfolk Southern's right of way, leveraging the physical assets of our network to create added shareholder value. Norfolk Southern reached agreement this year in a case that ends a class action lawsuit alleging race discrimination in the company's promotion practices. We are pleased to bring closure to this litigation through voluntary mediation, and we are dedicated to building on our continuing commitment to provide a work place in which all people are treated fairly and given equal opportunity. I pledge my personal commitment to this objective. We will redouble our efforts to make Norfolk Southern's work environment the best for everyone. As we move forward, we will continue to aggressively ­ but prudently ­ make significant changes in the railroad's structure that will improve our financial performance and better position us for the service improvements necessary to continue as an important link in the global logistics chain.

We know that we have the people, track infrastructure, facilities and technology to position us as industry leaders and to attract large shares of business from highways to rail, making our system thrive over the long term. While we focus on productivity, we will focus just as hard on growth. High fuel costs, congestion on our nation's highways and environmental concerns spell opportunity for us. We're focused on leveraging the inherent advantages of our industry to encourage public-sector rail investments to handle more intercity freight. We are systematically attacking constraints to growth and continue to make the investments necessary to keep our system in top serviceable condition. Our $806 million capital budget for 2001 reflects expenditures that have been carefully targeted to take advantage of growth markets. Our primary goal for 2001 is to build on the momentum our restructuring

initiatives generate and to create added value for our investors, our customers, our people and the communities we proudly serve. As we press forward, we will continue to listen appreciatively to the advice of our critics and supporters alike. In this, we will continue to feel the loss of one of our strongest allies, Norfolk Southern director and retired chairman and chief executive officer of The Lubrizol Corporation Lester E. Coleman Jr., who died in October. Les had served on our Board of Directors since 1982, and his legacy is one of long-term dedication, keen business sense and enduring friendship. Les embodied the characteristics that your company represents ­ integrity, commitment and vision. Admittedly, we have work ahead as we continue to take decisive steps in all areas of our business to improve service, grow our revenue base and drive efficiencies throughout our organization. We must rise to the occasion in an uncertain economy. However, Norfolk Southern has tremendous power to influence our own destiny and make ourselves a stronger company. With the strength of our franchise, we have what it takes to deliver the service our customers deserve and the returns our investors expect. In 2001, we will meet the challenge.

January 23,2001

2000 Norfolk Southern Corporation
A n n u a l R e p o r t

4

