Dear Fellow Stockholders,
In my letter last year, I expressed optimism about the path we are on and our prospects for growth. I wrote that we would continue to invest in the people, infrastructure, equipment, and technology needed to maintain and enhance Norfolk Southern's leadership position. I am very happy to report that in 2011, we did exactly that. Combined with improving markets, our initiatives helped bring about Norfolk Southern's best-ever year. Traffic volumes were strong, with overall volume up 5 percent. Intermodal was up 10 percent, driven by strong domestic business and continued gains from our corridor initiatives. Coal was up 4 percent on the strength of export shipments. And while merchandise volume was about even with 2010, we saw growth in our automotive and metals and construction sectors. We achieved records for revenues, operating income, net income, and earnings per share. For the first time, we topped $11 billion in revenue, as coal revenues were 27 percent higher than 2010, intermodal revenues were up 19 percent, and merchandise revenues improved 12 percent. We did a good job of controlling expenses, even while adding critical resources such as train and engine service employees, handling increased traffic volumes, and managing higher diesel fuel costs. The combination of growth and cost control allowed us to post an operating ratio of 71.2 percent, just shy of our all-time record. Net income of $1.916 billion and earnings per share of $5.45 both set new records. We raised the quarterly dividend 19 percent over the year and repurchased more than $2 billion of our common stock, returning solid value to shareholders. Perhaps most importantly, everything that was achieved in 2011 was achieved safely. Remarkably, our employees earned their 22nd consecutive Harriman Gold Medal Award for employee safety. Our safety ratio of 0.73 was phenomenal ­ 18 percent lower than 2010, and far and away our best ever. That kind of accomplishment happens only through personal commitment and a culture that puts safety first, and I could not be more proud of our people. Norfolk Southern also remained at the forefront of job creation and economic development. We worked with customers, states, and local economic development partners to locate new industries along our railroad representing $9.5 billion in customer investment with the potential to create 6,800 jobs and generate more than 152,000 new carloads of business.

Norfolk Southern's Management Team (left to right) Don Seale Jim Squires Deb Butler Jim Hixon Wick Moorman John Rathbone Mark Manion

Your company took a leadership role as well in the national dialogue about America's transportation infrastructure. We pushed forward with our rail corridor improvement projects funded through innovative public-private partnerships, and we sponsored a summit in Washington where leaders in transportation, urban planning, and finance discussed the big picture of moving resources, products, and people decades into the future. It was an important year for us in underscoring the positive connection between business and the environment. We launched a partnership to plant 6 million trees on 10,000 acres in the Mississippi Delta, offsetting our CO2 emissions and generating a host of benefits for the lives and businesses that depend on the health of the region. We sponsored the rail industry's first sustainability symposium, drawing an international audience to share insights into how sustainability can be incorporated into core business strategies and overall performance. We look ahead to 2012 and beyond with confidence, optimism, and a great deal of enthusiasm. The railroad is running well, we have a strong capital budget, and the right projects are under way to enhance our business franchises. We have an effective mix of experienced and talented employees, and enthusiastic new faces with ideas for the 21st Century. 2012 also marks the 30th year since the Norfolk and Western Railway and Southern Railway combined to create the modern Norfolk Southern Corporation. We have come an incredible distance since then, and yet we have not strayed an inch from our core beliefs. Recently, I was asked to describe Norfolk Southern in a single sentence, and it was easy to do: Norfolk Southern is a company that always strives to do the right things. You can be sure that we will continue to do the right things for our customers, our communities, our investors, and our employees.

 Wick Moorman Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

