Dear Fellow Shareholders:
The cover of this report shows a green signal ­ clear ahead. That image conveys the state of your company today. We are in good shape and moving ahead. In 2001, we proved that we can produce results in a difficult year, in an uncertain economy, even in the face of terrible disaster. Our company has been through a difficult period, and our people have shown they are capable of meeting the challenge of tough times. Last year in this report, I said we had work to David R. Goode, Norfolk Southern chairman, president do. To the credit of NS people, we did much of and chief executive officer, welcomes John Wesley Whitaker to the October 2001 dedication ceremony for that work in 2001. Our results show significant the NS intermodal terminal near Atlanta named for Whitaker. A railroad industry civil rights pioneer, progress. That is why I say, in spite of the bad Whitaker was the first African-American locomotive engineer for Central of Georgia Railway, an NS predecesnews of 2001, we still had a good year. Not that our sor. He later became Southern Railway's first Africanresults are what they should be, but they are now American transportation officer. The Whitaker terminal ­ the largest intermodal facility in the East ­ and NS hubs clearly on an improving trend. at Harrisburg, Pa., and Chicago form the backbone of the East's most comprehensive We needed to improve our network and our effiintermodal network. ciency, and we did. We needed to improve productivity, and we did. Sept. 11 Events Prompt We needed to improve financial Humanitarian Response performance, and we did. The terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, Our statistics show real evoked the generosity and patriotism of the Thoroughbred team. results. In this report, you can read Employees donated money and blood about NS 21, our process to drive to help the Red Cross, The Salvation Army and other organizations providing aid after terrorists crashed passenger jets into the change throughout NS, and about World Trade Center towers in New York, the Pentagon in Washington and in a field the implementation of our new outside Pittsburgh. scheduled merchandise network NS offered New York officials free transportation service for removing debris from the World Trade Center site. After President George W. Bush launched Operation through the Thoroughbred Enduring Freedom, a global campaign against terrorism, NS offered enhanced benefits Operating Plan. We moved for employee reservists called up for active duty. Designed to help support employees and their families during the deployments, the leave benefits included a monthly income aggressively to make needed supplement of $1,500 and continued health care and life insurance benefits. The compaimprovements and adapt quickly ny also provided free transport of teddy bears for Manhattan schoolchildren, and boots to changing times in 2001, and gloves for rescue and recovery workers in New York. Immediately after the attacks, NS heightened security awareness throughout despite a declining economy. the system. The company is working with the rail industry through the Association We were able to exceed last of American Railroads to continue providing a safe and secure freight transportation infrastructure for the nation. year's revenue even with 222,000

2

fewer carloads. By increasing revenue yields and reducing expenses, we improved our operating ratio by more than three points in an economic decline. Our earnings per share improved 37 percent, and the stock finished the year up 38 percent in the face of declining markets. That is history ­ but it is also illustrative. We showed ourselves and others that NS and its people are capable of responding quickly and aggressively and making the changes necessary to produce good returns for our investors. We have a lot of work to do, but the way is now clear. As 2002 progresses, we will have to continue to prove we can do the job through economic challenges. I believe we can and will.

Our goals for 2002 include:  Improved service ­ we are completing our scheduled merchandise service network and are implementing new systems to better and more quickly monitor our performance.  Continued improvement in productivity ­ we are engaged in a new phase of NS 21 that will yield additional improvements in how we do business.  Revenue growth ­ we are introducing new services, highway traffic conversions and other opportunities along with our connecting partners to offer faster and better long-haul service.  Cash flow ­ we again will generate cash from operations and maintain spending discipline so we can pay down debt to the benefit of all our investors.  Fair returns ­ we will not rest until our shareholders are fairly compensated for their faith in owning our company. January 21, 2002 These goals may sound like the

basics. If so, that is what we have learned. There are no substitutes for discipline and hard work and concentration on improving our service offerings. Better service to our customers will be the hallmark of our endeavor and the springboard for future growth in our business. I am Our Policies at Work hopeful that Corporate Governance the economy will The Board of Directors established the Executive and Governance Committee in 2001 rebound this year. While and gave the committee responsibility for monitoring corporate governance trends and we are poised for that to practices and making recommendations to the Board concerning corporate governance issues. happen, we will run an At the recommendation of the Executive and Governance Committee, in 2001 each of the committees of the Board adopted a writefficient and reliable ten charter to govern the responsibilities and activities of that committee. The Board of transportation network. Directors is also in the process of increasing the number of independent directors on the Board When the economy and on certain key committees. Currently, the Audit Committee and Performance-Based needs us, we will have Compensation Committee are comprised of all independent directors, and the Compensation the capacity and and Nominating Committee is comprised of a majority of independent directors. capability. The cusNorfolk Southern commissioned an independent review of its corporate govertomers, communities nance practices in 2001 to compare present practices against those of other corporations and shareholders we and to recommend possible improvements. The report concludes that Norfolk Southern has in place a sound corporate governance serve will benefit. structure and, with some recommended refinements, can become a leader in the field. NS has been Principles In Practice through challenges Norfolk Southern places a high priority on the safety of its employees, customers and the before, and we're public and has the personnel, plans and policies in place to focus on accident and injury stronger for them. prevention. This is reflected in Norfolk Southern's being the first railroad to win a I believe 2002 and 12th consecutive E. H. Harriman Memorial Gold Medal award for safety. beyond will give NS peoNorfolk Southern is committed to protecting the quality of the environment for its ple the chance to show employees, customers and the communities in which it operates and complying with all what a well-tuned transfederal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect the environment. Norfolk Southern has implemented a portation operation with Thoroughbred Quality program that places highest importance on meeting capacity, technology and customer expectations by incorporating the principles of quality management into skill can produce.
employees' daily activities. Norfolk Southern has demonstrated a commitment to continuous quality improvement by introducing the stringent Six Sigma problem-solving methodology to its operations. As stated in the corporate vision statement, Norfolk Southern strives to be the most customer-focused company in the transportation industry and to continuously improve communication with customers and the level of customer satisfaction.

3

