Dear Fellow Stockholders
In the past few years, Norfolk Southern and the rest of the rail industry saw an unprecedented period of both traffic and revenue growth, resulting in a very strong financial performance and superior shareholder returns. These years of growth were driven by a strong economy and fundamental changes in the transportation marketplace -- among them higher fuel costs, increased highway congestion, and continued shortages of long-distance truck drivers -- that played to the strengths of our industry. 2007 was, in my opinion, a watershed year for us in that it answered the question of how real and long-lasting our improved performance would be in the face of an economic downturn. The answer was a strong affirmation that our prospects remain very bright. Railway operating revenues, income from railway operations, and diluted earnings per share set records, even as the downturn in housing, softness in the automotive sector, and increased motor carrier capacity made for a year in which our volumes were down 4 percent and our net income was essentially flat. Earnings per share increased 3 percent, driven by our re-purchase of 24 million shares. For most of the year and for the beginning of 2008 as well, we believed our shares were trading at a price that made re-purchasing a good way to return money to investors while providing a superior return for our remaining shareholders. We also increased our dividend for the sixth consecutive year, this time by an aggregate 41 percent, a clear sign of our confidence in Norfolk Southern's future. There was a lot of other good news in 2007. Our overall service metrics improved, and we continued to be recognized as a leading service provider in the industry. But while it's nice to be recognized, we know how much more we can still do to improve service, and we remain dedicated to the idea that superior service is the key to growing volumes and revenues, and delivering exceptional financial results. To reinforce that, we are for the first time making service improvement part of our broad-based incentive compensation program. Despite some weakness in the economy, we continued our strong programs to maintain our assets and infrastructure and to add capacity for future growth. A great example of that growth was the announcement by ThyssenKrupp that they will construct a major new steel plant on our railroad near Mobile, Ala. This will be a significant new customer for us when it comes on line in 2010 and exemplifies the work that our second-to-none industrial development group, supported by teams of people throughout the company, can do.
Norfolk Southern's executive management team is led by (left to right): Jim Hixon, executive vice president law and corporate relations; Deborah Butler, executive vice president planning and chief information officer; Steve Tobias, vice chairman and chief operating officer; Wick Moorman, chairman, president and chief executive officer; John Rathbone, executive vice president administration; Mark Manion, executive vice president operations; Don Seale, executive vice president and chief marketing officer; and Jim Squires, executive vice president finance and chief financial officer.

2

The keys to this success, along with all of our other successes, are the people of Norfolk Southern. No better or more important illustration of that is the fact that for the 18th consecutive year they earned the E. H. Harriman Gold Medal Award for Employee Safety. While it's good to win awards, our objective every year is to have zero injuries or accidents, and we won't rest until we achieve it. This annual report shows just a small part of what goes on across Norfolk Southern on any given day. It illustrates the breadth and complexity of our business and the skills and dedication of Norfolk Southern people as they go about their work of providing transportation service to our nation's businesses and industries, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

Like every year, 2008 will have its challenges and opportunities, but the demand for high-quality rail transportation will continue to be strong. It is telling that more and more public leaders are recognizing the benefits that we offer in keeping the economy competitive while reducing highway congestion and environmental degradation. The future remains bright for our company. Your management team, and all the people who run the railroad around the clock, are excited to be part of that future.

Sincerely,

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

3

