Fellow

shareholders
write this letter to you at a time of extraordinary turbulence in our nation's and the world's economies. The old curse ­ "May you live in interesting times" ­ has fallen upon us with a vengeance, and the current economic uncertainty seems likely to continue for some time into the future.  Your company and the customers we serve are not immune to this period of turbulence, and our performance in 2009 will be challenged as a result. However, we remain very optimistic about our longer-term prospects, and a look at our 2008 results shows many of the reasons why.  Quite simply put, 2008 was a terrific year for Norfolk Southern. Even though our traffic volumes declined, through proper planning and cost controls we set records for railway operating revenues, income from railway operations, net income, and diluted earnings per share. Our operating ratio improved by 1.5 percentage points to 71.1, our best operating ratio ever. We continued to provide superior results for our shareholders as well, by raising our annual dividend 27 percent and buying back 19.4 million shares of stock.  We made important strides with our other key constituencies as well. First and foremost, in terms of our people who are Norfolk Southern's true competitive advantage, we were awarded our 19th consecutive E. H. Harriman Gold Medal Award for employee safety as the safest major U.S. railroad. No single fact better illustrates the commitment that every NS employee brings to doing his or her job safely and well. I ran out of superlatives to describe their performance a long time ago. 2008 was another strong year for our safety process, and we remain intent on our ultimate goal of zero incidents and zero injuries.  We also strengthened our other human resource initiatives. Among the most important are our programs to bring new people into our management team. We continue to enhance and expand our management

I

2

trainee programs for new college hires, and our operations supervisor trainee program for people with prior working experience. Like many other companies, we face challenges with the demographics of our work force, and these programs, which have been nationally recognized, are ensuring that we will have a strong and diverse management team in place for many years to come.  Our initiatives to drive service improvements for our customers also saw success in 2008, and we continue to be recognized as a service leader in the rail industry. Superior rail service is the product of a number of things: solid infrastructure, properly maintained and reliable locomotives and rolling stock, a well-designed operating plan, and a committed, focused work force with the tools and technology to support their efforts. We have them all. Norfolk Southern is a service company, and we are acutely aware that we must continue to improve our transportation products if we want to capture all of the opportunities that are available to us and realize the full value of those products.  2008 saw us continue as well our initiatives to support the communities we serve. We have increased our emphasis on sustainability by naming the industry's first corporate sustainability officer, creating

innovative programs to reduce the amount of energy we consume in our operations, and increasing our use of alternative energy sources. Railroads truly are the environmentally friendly mode of transportation, and we believe that actively working to improve our environmental footprint is not only the responsible thing to do, but it makes good business sense as well.  In 2009, we'll continue all of the initiatives that helped strengthen NS in 2008. We are in extraordinarily challenging times, but we have built the foundations to be able to meet those challenges successfully, and we'll stay focused on a few key drivers of the business as we manage through the downturn.  First, we'll continue to manage our costs aggressively while still providing a superior level of customer service. Norfolk Southern has a long history of effective cost controls, and we have the tools and technology to resize our operations quickly in response to changing business conditions. At the same time, we'll try to mitigate the impact on our work force to the fullest extent possible.  Guided by our Track 2012 strategic initiatives, we'll continue to invest in the company in order to keep the property strong and continue our improvement programs. Put simply, we won't sacrifice longer-term opportunities for short-term profits. This downturn will be over some day, and we will be ready to take full advantage of the business prospects that will be there when it ends.  Finally, we'll continue to aggressively pursue new business development initiatives and to ensure that we realize the appropriate value for our superior transportation services. Our strategy to create new business corridors has helped drive our growth in recent years, and we're now working hard to develop our biggest project to date, the Crescent Corridor. It's an exciting concept to work with government and our trucking partners in a publicprivate partnership to take a million or more trucks off the highways. We're seeing a very positive response by public

3
officials, and I'm optimistic that we'll see considerable progress on the project in 2009.  In closing, as you'll see, this is a new way of presenting our annual report. The enclosed DVD gives you the chance to see and hear from some NS employees about what they do every day to help our company succeed. They're representatives of the whole NS team ­ talented, creative, and driven to make our company a success. They're great people, too, and I'm happy and proud to be part of the team.  Sincerely,
Norfolk Southern's management team (left to right): Jim Hixon, executive vice president law and corporate relations; Don Seale, executive vice president and chief marketing officer; John Rathbone, executive vice president administration; Wick Moorman, chairman, president and chief executive officer; Mark Manion, executive vice president operations; Steve Tobias, vice chairman and chief operating officer; Jim Squires, executive vice president finance and chief financial officer; and Deb Butler, executive vice president planning and chief information officer.

 Wick Moorman Chairman, President and Chief Execuitve Officer

