MESSAGE TO
STOCKHOLDERS

Dear Fellow Stockholders:

2012 was an eventful year for Norfolk Southe rn. Despite significant challenges in our coal business, we delivered solid results for our shareholders.
From an operations perspective , the railroad ran extremely well, setting all-time highs for most of
our service and velocity metrics. We also continued our strong record of reinvesting in the company, with more than $2.2 billion in capital spending , including completion of some key projects to drive future growth. Our employees were awarded a 23rd consecutive Harriman Award for their industry­ leading safety performance in 2011, and finally,
we celebrated our 30th anniversary in a number of colorful and exciting ways.
 

First, let's take a look at the numbers. It was a successful year for us in many respects, even though comparisons are  challenging against 2011, our best year ever. Despite a decline in coal
shipments , down 13 percent for the year, total traffic
volumes were essentially even with 2011. We reported steady intermodal volume gains and higher carloads in the chemicals, autos, and housing sectors. lntermodal volume increased 5 percent for the year compared with 2011, and general merchandise volume was up 2 percent.
We topped $11 billion in revenues for the second consecutive year and were
1 percent lower than 20ll's record. While coal revenues were down 17 percent, general merchandise revenues were up 6 percent compared with 2011, and intermodal revenues increased 5 percent year over year.

We held the line on expenses, down 1 percent, achieved largely because of significant improvements we generated in system velocity. We set records for all components of our composite service metric, which meant not only an even higher level of service for our customers, but also lower operating costs. As everyone at Norfolk Southern will tell you, we are a service company, and our performance is tied directly to the level
of transportation service we provide. We provided superior service in 2012, and we're poised to continue at that level and improve further upon it in the future.
As a result of the se factors, income from railway operations was down 3 percent in 2012, and the railway operating ratio increased 1 percent to 71.7 percent for 2012 compared with 2011. While we're never happy when our numbers are down, it is a mark of the strength of our franchise that we could have a 17 percent decline in coal revenues and still have our second-best year ever for revenue, operating income, net income, and earnings per share.

It was also another strong year from the standpoint of cash flow. As we have stated before, our priorities for using the cash we generate from the business are first to continue reinvesting in our company and then to distribute cash to our owners through a solid dividend policy, supplemented when possible by share buybacks. Our capital spending of $2.2 billion allowed us to maintain our property and assets at a high level and invest in growth projects . In addition, we rewarded our investors by raising the
 






Our Management Team
(left to right) Mark Manion Deb  Butler Don Seale Wick Moorman Jim Hixon
Jim Squires John Rathbone
 
quarterly dividend 16 percent over the year, and we repurchased $1.3 billion of our common stock . Our board of directors authorized repurchase of up to 50 million additional shares through 2017, reflecting confidence in continued business growth.
As I mentioned at the outset, our employees continued to set the industry standard for safety. We received our 23rd consecutive E.H . Harriman Award for posting the
lowest employee injury ratio among the largest rail carriers in 2011. This will be the last Harriman Award for safety
as the industry moves toward a more collaborative way to recognize the remarkable safety achievements of all of the railroads, and it was great to go out in style. The
accomplishments of our people in safety and in operating and service performance are the stuff of legend, and it always is my privilege to talk about how great they are in safety and everything else they do.
In 2012, Norfolk Southern continued to demonstrate good corporate citizenship by contributing to local economies and practicing environmental stewardship.
We worked with customers and local and state development partners to locate new industries along our rail lines, representing $2.1 billion in customer investment and potential creation of more than 6,000 jobs. We're
also working steadily to reduce our carbon footprint, using new technologies to improve the fuel efficiency of our locomotives. We have been recognized for our efforts to achieve a long-term sustainable balance between our business needs and our desire to mitigate the impact of railroad operations on the environment.

Looking at 2013 and beyond, I continue to have a very positive outlook for our business. Our railroad is running well, and we have demonstrated resilience in the face of a slow economic recovery. While the coal business will
 
continue to be a wild card for the immediate future, it traditionally has been  a  mainstay  for  Norfolk  Southern, and we continue to believe in it long-term. Underlining that
commitment, in 2012 we completed a major upgrade to our Pier 6 coal transload facility in Norfolk , which in 2013 will mark a 50th anniversary of serving the energy needs of the world. In addition , we see exciting opportunities in emerging energy markets, such as transporting crude oil by rail, and sand, pipe , and other materials for shale gas production.
We are positioned equally well for growth in many of our other businesses, supported by our continuing focus on operating efficiency and productivity .
Even as coal has experienced setbacks, we've shaped our intermodal franchise into a major strength of the company. Our continuing investment through public- private partnerships to improve rail corridor infrastructure supporting our rapidly growing intermodal business puts
us in strong competitive position. In 2012, with opening  of new facilities at Memphis, Tenn., and Birmingham, Ala. , we neared completion of a comprehensive intermodal network that not only will build our business but also  will create  jobs for people and strengthen local economies while saving fuel and reducing emissions.
Finally, we marked the 30th anniversary of Norfolk Southern in 2012 by painting 20 new locomotives in the color schemes of predecessor companies and by running special trains across the system for our employees and their families. Both initiatives generated a lot of enthusiasm inside and outside the company. The management teams of our predecessor companies could not have imagined the scope of change that has culminated in today's Norfolk Southern, and I'm confident that the best years of our company are still ahead. The future looks good.


C. W.1 0_,
Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer
