 2006 Financial Results A Great Year
   A Greeting from Richard A. Fennessy, President and Chief Executive Officer
2006 was a great year for Insight. Thanks to our valued teammates, clients and partners,
we had a very exciting and successful year. I am proud to report that we
achieved record annual net sales, record net earnings from continuing operations
and record diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. Specifically, our
consolidated annual net sales were $3.82 billion, a 20 percent increase over 2005, while net earnings
from continuing operations were $65.7 million, a 37 percent increase year over year. Additionally, diluted
earnings per share from continuing operations also grew 38 percent over 2005 to $1.35.
While I am pleased to report our record financials results, I am even more pleased to report that we made significant progress
during 2006 in strengthening the foundation of the Company which positions us for even greater success in the years ahead.
Insight accelerated our Trusted Advisor strategy. In 2005, we developed our strategic plan and new vision, which is to be a Trusted
Advisor to our clients, helping them enhance their business performance through innovative technology solutions. With the strategy and direction in
place, the focus of 2006 was on the execution of the plan. One aspect of our
plan was to align the entire Company’s focus on our core business of providing IT solutions. Therefore, on June 30, 2006, we completed the divesture of Direct Alliance, our business process outsourcing segment. A second aspect of our plan was to enhance
our capabilities in order to strengthen the trusted advisor relationship with our clients. To enhance our capabilities, we invested in our new skills development program, Insight
World Class, with an initial deployment in our North American operations. As a result, we experienced higher productivity, lower attrition and increased attach rates for services during 2006. Due to the success of Insight World Class in North America, we plan to begin deploying the
program globally during 2007. To further support our plan to enhance capabilities, on September 7, 2006, we completed the acquisition of Software Spectrum, one of the world’s leading providers of
business-to-business IT solutions and services with particular expertise in the selection, purchase and management of business software.
Insight gained market share through a combination of organic growth and the strategic acquisition of Software Spectrum. While overall market demand continued to be challenging, Insight executed very well in
driving growth during our integration efforts and benefited from seasonally strong results in North America, EMEA and APAC during the fourth quarter. Based on our fourth quarter experience, we continue to be very excited about
our cross-selling opportunities to leverage Insight’s extensive portfolio of hardware, software and services.
           
   Insight improved profitability by improving gross margin and increasing operational efficiency. In 2006, we maintained product margins, increased vendor funding, improved our attach rates for services, increased account executive productivity, streamlined business processes and increased the use of e-commerce tools with our clients. As an example of our progress, our North America services business grew by 26 percent in 2006, while also improving its gross margins. In 2006, we also made the necessary investments to prepare the organization to upgrade our IT systems to the mySAP Business Suite starting in 2007 to help fuel continual improvements in our operational efficiencies in future years.
Insight strengthened relationships and the overall Insight experience for our teammates, clients and partners. Across each of these key relationships, we made strong progress.
• Client satisfaction and loyalty, as measured in our monthly client satisfaction surveys, showed notable improvements
in 2006. Further, in October 2006, HR Chally Group, a third-party market research firm, awarded our North American sales force a “World Class” rating after interviewing clients and prospects of IT resellers and asking them to rate their
IT providers. Insight was the only company in its industry to be rated “World Class.”
• Teammate satisfaction, as measured in our annual teammate satisfaction survey, strengthened across the world. Additionally, in December 2006, Insight was named one of the “25 Best Service Companies to Sell For” in Selling Power magazine, which ranks the largest sales forces in America. Insight moved up from a ranking of 23rd in 2005 to 12th
in 2006.
• Lastly, partner satisfaction strengthened. We completed our annual partner satisfaction survey in early January 2007, and overall satisfaction within North America improved compared to 2005 results.
As we look forward, we are well positioned for continued success. Our 2007 goals have remained fairly consistent with those for 2006. They are:
1. Continue to drive a lasting competitive advantage by enhancing teammate, client and partner relationships;
2. Improve Insight’s operational efficiency through process and systems best practices adoption;
3. Accelerate sales and services skills and capabilities to support our trusted advisor strategy globally;
4. Utilize a team-based selling model to leverage Insight’s portfolio of hardware, software and services to expand existing client share of wallet and increase client acquisition; and
5. Gain profitable market share and focus on winning in the market place by driving continual improvements in our daily execution, working closely as One Team to ensure
our success.
As evidence of our commitment to success in 2007, we have directly tied our executive incentive compensation plans to these goals, and we are driving complete alignment throughout the organization.
“Winning Together” is the mantra of our organization in 2007 as we continue to drive the execution of our strategic trusted advisor vision. We are aligned, focused and motivated to ensure 2007 is a great year for our teammates, clients, partners and stockholders.
Richard A. Fennessy
President and Chief Executive Officer Insight Enterprises, Inc.
         