To Our Stockholders
The year 2000 represented yet another banner year for Insight Enterprises, Inc. We completed our sixth year as a public company by surpassing $2 billion in annual sales, appearing at #13 on Forbes "Platinum 400 Ranking" and spanning the globe with operations from Tempe, Arizona to Sheffield, England. Along the way, we also announced our intention to spin-off Direct Alliance Corporation, bought back almost 1.4 million shares under our stock repurchase program, completed our fourth stock split and were again named by Fortune Magazine as "One of the Fastest Growing Companies in America". What a year!
Strong sales and earnings growth remain our focus. Net sales for the year increased 34% to $2.0 billion from $1.5 billion in 1999 and Q4 2000 represented our 22nd quarter of sequential sales growth. Net earnings grew more than double the rate of sales to $56.7 million from $33.6 million in 1999, a 69% increase and the fourth quarter represented our 22nd sequential quarter with year over year growth in excess of 45%. Both sales and earnings growth were fueled by our successful sales and marketing strategy and continued focus on operational efficiency. Our overall growth rate is attributable to the impressive results delivered by each of our operating units - Insight Direct Worldwide, Inc. ("Insight") and Direct Alliance Corporation ("Direct Alliance").
Insight, our global computer products direct marketing business, grew net sales $515.6 million to $1.9 billion, or 36% over 1999. Insight's United States core (organically grown) business grew an impressive 45% in 2000. At year-end, Insight employed a total of 1,807 account executives, an increase of 42% over 1999. Again this year, Insight plans to aggressively hire account executives; however, this growth primarily will occur in its newly acquired state-of-the-art Montreal, Canada call center and in Europe. Insight continues to capitalize on the Internet as a time and cost reducer for both its customers and its suppliers. Insight's unassisted web sales grew 58% over 1999 and represented 11.5% and 12.4% of total net sales for the year and fourth quarter of 2000, respectively. myInsight pages, customized web pages designed specifically for Insight customers, continue to grow in number, and Insight continues to add enhanced functionality to its award-winning web site, www.insight.com. Insight's philosophy remains that the account executive manages the account while the Internet manages the transaction. We remain confident that Insight boasts the most efficient and effective business strategy for selling high tech products to small- to medium-sized business customers all over the world.
Direct Alliance, our global outsourcing business, likewise had another outstanding year. Net sales increased $7.1 million, or 6.8%, to $110.9 million in 2000. As we have noted before, the true growth of Direct Alliance is masked by its strategically planned shift in outsourcing arrangements from product based programs to service fee based programs. If all sales transacted by Direct Alliance had been accounted for as if they were product based programs, net sales growth for Direct Alliance would have been a spectacular 234%. As we announced in a Press Release dated December 22, 2000, we intend to spin-off Direct Alliance in a tax-free distribution to the stockholders of Insight Enterprises, Inc. in late 2001. Prior to the spin-off, it is our intent to complete an Initial Public Offering of Direct Alliance's Common Stock, as detailed in the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 22, 2000.
As we turn the page on another exceptional year, we approach 2001 with confidence and enthusiasm. We believe our business strategy positions us for continued global success, and we feel we are prepared to conquer any challenges the future may present.
Thank you to everyone who helps make Insight Enterprises, Inc. a success year after year - our stockholders, customers, alliance partners and employees. We could not do it without you!
   Eric Crown
Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
Tim Crown
Co-Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
