 MESSAGE FROM MANAGEMENT
 Timothy A. Crown
Chief Executive Officer and President Insight Enterprises, Inc.
Insight North America
Our largest operating segment, Insight North America, focused in 2003 on the transforma- tion of our business model to become a leading single-source provider of IT products and services. We also integrated our acquired operations to operate under a unified Insight brand and started collecting sales tax in all states. We completed our largest project to date, the IT systems conversion to our new “Maximus” system. This extremely complex conversion has now been completed in all of our Insight operations serving United States customers. This tremendous technical milestone will enable us to realize cost savings, increase efficiencies and provide a greater level of service to our customers. In 2004, we intend to make additional enhancements to the system and will introduce “Maximus” to our United Kingdom and Canadian operations in 2005.
I am very pleased that all of these programs have been successfully accomplished and we now have transitioned from strict product fulfillment to a single-source model that includes service offerings, which I believe gives us a significant competitive advantage. We now have the ability to make total IT
solutions available to business customers of all sizes in the United States and the United Kingdom while maintaining personalized customer service through a single point of contact – the dedicated account executive.
With the internal focus behind us, our theme for 2004 is “Insight OUT.” We are taking the resources that were dedicated the last two years to these internal projects and redeploying them outward towards areas that drive net sales and improve our customers’ buying experiences with us. Our top priorities for Insight North America in the coming year include:
Dear Fellow Stockholder:
For the past two years, we have been focused internally on acquisition integrations, system conversions and transformation to become a single-source business model. I am very pleased to report that we have now completed these internal challenges successfully. We ended the year with a strong quarter and I believe we are well positioned to grow net sales and net earnings during 2004. Despite a tough economic environment, we performed well last year. I believe strongly that these internal improvements and increasing efficiencies across the
entire organization will pay off for us in 2004 and beyond.
The decline in corporate spending for IT products began late in 2000 and continued throughout 2003. However, there was some improvement during the second half of 2003, and we ended the year with three consecutive quarters of growth in net sales, net earnings and earnings per share. Our strong performance during this period of economic uncertainty, with our focus almost exclusively on internal initiatives, is evidence of the strength of the fundamentals in each of our operating segments. I am also encouraged by positive indicators, such as an increase in requests for proposals
(RFPs), that suggest a rebound in IT spending may finally be starting.
Our stock made a positive recovery during the year from $8.96 on January 1, 2003 to $18.80 on December 31, 2003, an increase for our stockholders of 110%. The positive performance by our operating segments coupled with the successful completion of our acquisition integrations, system conversion, cost cutting initiatives and turnaround of Insight UK provided growth in earnings per share. I also believe this indicates that the investment community, including you, our stockholders, has an increased confidence in our
ability to execute our short-term and long-term business plans.
• Educating our
executives on our capabilities which we believe are more expansive than those of any of our direct competitors and constitute a key differentiator in the marketplace.
• Improving customer service through metrics. With the Maximus system, we have the capability to drive metrics into every aspect of our business, and we will use these metrics to increase performance and efficiencies in every department.
customers
and account
 
 • Increasing marketing, branding and demand generation by using traditional marketing vehicles, such as advertising and other print media.
• Enhancing the quality and functionality of our Web site by integrating it into our entire business processes making the customer experience, whether it is by telephone, face-to-face or via the Web, as seamless as possible.
With all our resources focused on “Insight OUT,” 2004 will be the year to start showing our ability to execute our single-source business model.
United Kingdom
2003 was a turnaround year for Insight UK. With a new management team in place, Insight UK successfully posted four quarters of earnings from operations. The challenges of 2002 for Insight UK are well behind us and 2003 was a year of restructuring and focusing on executing the business model in the United Kingdom. We are now positioning Insight UK as a single-source provider of IT products and services under the global Insight brand. I am pleased with the results and believe we have the business model, focus and management team to lead us to future growth in this operating segment.
Direct Alliance
Our business process outsourcing segment, Direct Alliance, continued to provide strong operating profits in 2003 and has been successful in adding several new small clients and programs. Although we continue to have client concentration in this segment, our relationships are strong and we believe that improvements in the economy, continued trends towards outsourcing and a focus in 2004 on business development should provide an opportunity for us to grow this operating segment.
PlusNet
PlusNet, our United Kingdom Internet service provider, contributed strong growth in both net sales and earnings from operations as we continue to benefit from the shift in the United Kingdom from dial-up to broadband Internet services. We continue to be a leading low-cost provider of broadband Internet service in the UK and proudly received several "Best ISP" in the UK media accolades during 2003, including the "Best ISP on the Planet" award from Internet Magazine. Although it continues to provide a positive growing contribution to our consolidated results, we still plan to divest PlusNet when we can obtain what we believe is the fair value for this operating segment.
Towards the end of 2003, we also made some strategic senior management changes. Tony Smith returned to Direct Alliance as president to focus on business development and I assumed the additional role of president of the company. In connection with this change, the senior management structure of the company was realigned in order to redeploy the talents of our current executives in a manner that will best accomplish our goals for 2004 and beyond. Dino Farfante was promoted to President of Insight Direct Worldwide and will oversee all of Insight North America's and Insight United Kingdom's sales, marketing and distribution functions. Stuart Fenton, Managing Director for Insight UK, now reports to Dino. Allowing Dino Farfante and Stuart Fenton to coordinate strategic efforts and focus on areas that directly affect the customer will help unify the global Insight brand and help assure that we effectively take advantage of our competitive positioning as IT spending rebounds.
I have had the privilege to work with a highly dedicated board of directors and I thank them for their commitment and service. The board’s diverse business knowledge and experience has enhanced the value of our company. I would also like to take the opportunity to welcome our newest board member Bennett Dorrance. Bennett brings an extensive background in business and finance and has significant prior board experience with Fortune 500 companies.
Additionally, I would like to acknowledge our employees worldwide for the tremendous job, hard work and dedication they have always shown, particularly over these past two years. The integration of our acquisitions and conversion to Maximus are some of the largest feats our company has ever accomplished. You are the champions!
As we move forward, I feel confident in our strategic direction and our business plan. All of our business segments are ready for the challenges and opportunities that 2004 will bring. With the foundation firmly in place, I believe we are well positioned for growth in 2004 and beyond.
On behalf of our employees and the board of directors, thank you for being a stockholder and for your support.
Timothy A. Crown
Chief Executive Officer and President March 12, 2004
Sincerely,
  