To Our Shareholders

In 2006,we continued our commitment to growth and m g financial performance.Administaff set new performance records across a variety of fronts, maintainingour position as the leader of outxrurced human resources (HRI sewicesfor America's best small and Medium-s-edbusinesses.Weexceeded the milestone d 100,OOD worksii emptqees by midyear and boosted the number of dknt companies to more than 5,500 by year end.Qver the course o f the year, we also increased the s i z e of our trained sales staff by more than 14 percent, while improving werall sales efficiency.Such performance helps us to set the pace as an industry leaderand further strengthens our position to continue growing the business.

Revenuesfor 2M16 increased 183 percent to 5 1 . 4 Mllian as a result o f 13.4 percent wotksite emplclyee growth and a4 . 7 percent inaease in pricingThis grawth reflea mong client-sarisfmionlevels, which remained abaw 80 percentthroughout the year.
Gross profit increased 20 percent from $2358 million in 2005 to $282.7 million, and net income rose by 55 percent m $465million.& a result diluted net earnings per share climbed from 51-12to $1.64. During 2006, we repaid the $32 million mortgage on our corporate headqua-# repurchasd $24 million of the Company's sharesand paid dividends of510 million,while continuing to grow working capital by $35 million to $128 millionat year end. In addition, EBITDA increased 36 percent to $89 rniIlibn during the year. In February 2007,theCornpdny ... annouqced a percent,inmase in the quarterly dividend,fmm $009 to $0.11 per share.

In addition to the Company's outstandingfinancial resultsin 2006,we also set the stage for continued growth, service enhancemen&, new markets and increased brand awarenersSpecifically, AdminiW redesignedits benefirs system
and integratedand re-launched HKTools.coW.For 2 0 0 7 , are ~ fine tuning the Company's middlemarket selling and service approach and substantialIy enhancing our recruiting services.

k

~

- FWtWgn ~ m

During 2006,~dministaffsignificantl~ enhanced its Ben&# Adminktmtlon SyStem to allow more flexibitii in adding vendors and respondingto dientand worksii employe@ ben&# needs.The system will also shorten the time and increasethe dciency in deploying such accommodations,allowgreater efRciency and access hy internalservice providers and improve enrollment features.This redesign atlaws Administaff to manage benefits and enrollment programs m o r e effectively and package &rings s o they are more appealing to dients,employees and prosp-.

H W 0 8 W
In the past year, we also inregmted and re-launched HRTools.commto extend our brand as the HR slution for small and medium* businesses across Amwica. HRTools.commserves as a s m l l business destination Web site providing HR
produces and Infolmation,whlIe introducing Administaff's industry-leadingprofessional employer organidon (PEO) srtrv'kes # qualifying businesses.I n addiian, sales o f these non-PKI productsare becoming a new contributorto gross profit for the Company.

MrWIcMa;i
Administaff made p&,ress in 2006 understanding the unique needs of middle-marketclients with 150 to 2,000 employees. Despite the enormous potential, no HR buslness has developed a successful sales and service outsourcing model for mlddlemarket cornpaniesAdrninistaff is dedicated to this goal and overcoming any challenges In the process. Every aspect of meeting the speclaltzed HR needs of these companies Is being examined as we reengineer our middlemarket~nltiattve to make k as M e t & a pwslble.

E nh a n d R,ecruiting4ervi~es

I n early 2007, AdminIstaff annountedthe expansion of its resulting servlces to help d i e m attract and retain quality employees
Inthe face of a forecast shortfall betwegna fa[llng labor supply and increasing worker demand in the coming years.8~ enhancing our Infrastructureand Increasing stamng levels In this area, we can provide cllmts with a teal cornpetltlveadvantage In meeting this growing demand. In addition, the Company can price those services In a way that boosts Administaff profits while offering mat1 and medium-$iM buslmsses a substantlal discount from what they often pay IndMduatlyfor similar services.
In cloalng, I warn t o extend my sincere gratitude to our corporate staff for their dedication, exernpiifying theservant attirudethat sets AdmlnIstaff apart from many other service organIratkm. These employees performed admirably not only at work, hut also thruugh-the community-involvementprogramsthat are central tot-he Administaff culture. In addition ta serving the needs ofour clients, Administaff corprate employees poured 27,219 volunteer hours into community-involvement activities, an increase o f 25 percentover 2005.1 would also Ike to thank our huard o f directors fwtheir ValuabIe guidance and active support that has been vital to the accomplishment o fthe Admlnlstaff misston. We eagerly await the opportunities ahead from a strong financial positlon and as an industry leader wlth talented and committed colleagues - a winning combination that g h us great confidence for the future.

Paul J. Samdi Chalman and Chfef Executive OfRcer
March 22,2007

