   fellow shareholders
The year 2002 was one of daunting challenge, resolute response and effective recovery for Administaff.
Despite the stalled economy and continued weakness in the labor market, the Company’s revenues for the
year grew by 17.9 percent to $849 million, driven by an 11.3 percent increase in the average number of worksite employees paid per month combined with a 5.9 percent increase in revenues per worksite employee per month. However, we also incurred an annual net loss of $4.1 mil- lion and a diluted net loss per share of $0.15. This compares to a net income of $10.4 million and diluted net earnings per share of $0.36 for the same period in 2001.
While the Company’s 2002 financials represent our first annual net loss in more than a decade, we are entering 2003 in a much stronger position than the numbers would seem to indicate at first glance. Why? Because we have taken decisive action to put our most pressing problems behind us.
During the first half of 2002, Administaff experi- enced a significant gross profit margin squeeze. This was primarily the result of a rapid rise in health care benefits costs, and was compounded by a revenue shortfall related to a decline in the average payroll cost of our worksite employees. In response to these challenges, we completed a realistic assessment of
our situation, made tough decisions and launched
an aggressive turnaround plan in the second half
of 2002. The plan focused on four priorities:
1) Recalibrating pricing for clients that experienced a decline in average payroll cost per worksite employee. Pricing recalibration began in June 2002 and was completed during the third quarter. During the fourth quarter, we also completed development and implementation of a new pricing and billing system that automatically updates client pricing. As new customers are sold and existing clients renew, this
Paul J. Sarvadi President and Chief Executive Officer
new system will eliminate the potential for any short-fall in revenue resulting from changes in the pay rates or benefit elections of worksite employees.
2) Matching the price and cost for health insurance
on new and renewing client contracts. Over the course of 2002, we renewed client contracts at pricing levels that incorporated the step-up in health care benefits costs
we were experiencing. In fact, our revenue per worksite employee per month grew at an accelerating rate during 2002, such that our gross profit per worksite employee per month improved on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter. This was the first such improvement
in three quarters. As we moved into January 2003, an additional 20 percent of our clients were new or renew- ing accounts at higher average pricing than in the fourth quarter. We also took steps to reduce the cost side of the equation through benefit plan design changes, including several scaled-down options. With these improvements, we are confident that the serious health care benefits issues we experienced in 2002 are behind us.
3) Reducing operating expenses and capital expenditures.
Anticipating that our emphasis on pricing could affect growth in the near term, we scaled back corporate head- count by five percent, eliminated nonessential activities and limited capital spending. This effort not only produced short-term results; it also improved our cost structure for the future.
4) Improving liquidity. As we took steps to restore our profitability during the third and fourth quarters of 2002, we also moved to improve our liquidity position, including the acquisition of a $36 million mortgage secured by real estate located at the Company’s head- quarters. This long-term financing was used to repay
a $30 million short-term revolving line of credit that expired in December 2002. We ended the year with
1

$41.2 million in working capital, which compares to $36.6 million of working capital at year-end 2001 and $3.6 million at June 30, 2002, when the recovery effort began. With an expected return to profitability for 2003 and a capital expenditure budget of just $10 million,
we anticipate a return to generating substantial cash flow as in previous years.
While the successful execution of our turnaround plan laid the foundation for re-establishing our profitabil- ity on an annual basis, we also made significant progress on other important initiatives, including:
• Multiple carrier network. We expanded our health care benefits coverage options and reduced the risk associated with having only one carrier. We accomplished this
by launching a new health insurance carrier network
that includes UnitedHealthcare, Cigna Healthcare, PacifiCare, Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Georgia,
and Kaiser Permanente.
• Service model enhancements. We completed a compre- hensive evaluation of the way we serve clients and devel- oped an even more effective and efficient service model, an important step for accommodating future growth.
• Sales and service expansion. We opened sales offices in two new markets – Minneapolis and Cleveland, increas- ing our national presence to a total of 38 sales offices in 21 markets – and we opened our fourth regional service center, located in Los Angeles.
• HR PowerHouse.SM We expanded our eBusiness initiative with the launch of HR PowerHouse, an online portal
that is accessible on Web sites operated by Administaff, IBM, Pitney Bowes and Office Depot. HR PowerHouse provides a sampling of Administaff’s services along with a wide range of human resources information, tools and best practices to help generate high-quality sales leads.
• Web-based services. We continued to increase our service efficiency through increased usage of the Employee
SM
ServiceCenter, with69percentofworksiteemployees
now being paid via WebPayrollSM and 23 percent of client
SM companies using WebReporting .
While much has been accomplished, we still have more to do:
Our first objective for 2003 is to regain our sales momentum and grow our core business. Even though we are still battling uncertainty in the marketplace, we are well positioned to concentrate on growth. We are increasing our marketing efforts to help expand the
number of sales opportunities. This will allow us to take advantage of the experience of our current sales team, which includes our highest-ever number of sales professionals with more than 18 months of experience.
We also will continue refining our health care benefits strategy in 2003 to take advantage of opportunities uncov- ered by the analysis of our plans and the accuracy of our new pricing and billing system. Although we expect health care benefits costs to continue rising, we believe our cost- containment measures will improve our competitiveness.
Another major objective for 2003 is to pursue
the opportunity presented to Administaff by last year’s Internal Revenue Service guidance, which allows us to expand our retirement services offerings to our current clients. We believe this opportunity will strengthen our relationships with our clients, and possibly even improve retention, as we provide a more flexible retirement program.
In summary, let me say that although 2002 was
a very difficult year for Administaff, it also was a very good year for improving our processes and services, and it helped strengthen our ongoing efforts to serve clients, continue growing our business, and remain
an industry leader.
We are pleased to welcome Gregory E. Petsch and Austin P. Young to our Board of Directors. Mr. Petsch served as Senior Vice President of Worldwide Manufac- turing and Quality at Compaq Computer Corporation until his retirement in 1999. Mr. Young, a certified public accountant, served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of CellStar Corporation until his retirement in 2001. Both of these new members will strengthen our Board with their know-how, wisdom and vision.
I also want to convey my heartfelt gratitude to
our clients, our Board, our employees and our suppliers. Theirongoingcommitmentandsupportiswhatmakes it possible – year after year after year – for us to say, “Now is the time for Administaff!”
Sincerely,
Paul J. Sarvadi
President and Chief Executive Officer March 18, 2003
 2
