To Our Fellow Stakeholders
Building on a quarter of a century of providing vital
human resource services to our nation’s businesses,
Administaff has become Insperity, a new brand backed
by an innovative strategy for meeting the ongoing
performance needs of America’s best companies. The
name Insperity is drawn from the linked entrepreneurial
goals of inspiration and prosperity, and boldly restates
our ongoing vision of helping businesses succeed.
As we prepared to launch our new brand, 2010 saw
Insperity make a strong recovery in both growth and
profitability, and take advantage of key opportunities
to strengthen its cash position. In addition, the
Company announced two acquisitions in the areas
of expense reporting, time and attendance tracking
and, in early January 2011, organizational planning,
furthering our ability to serve more companies
through complementary business services. We are
excited about the new Insperity brand and what it
signifies, energized by a fresh strategy to deliver our
expanded offering and eager to further support
America’s entrepreneurial companies.
2010 Financial Performance
Revenues increased 4.0 percent in 2010 to $1.7 billion, on
a 5.7 percent increase in revenues per worksite employee
per month and a 1.6 percent decrease in the average number of paid worksite employees largely due to a reduction
of worksite employees in early 2010. Gross profit increased
3.7 percent to $298.5 million, and diluted net income
per
share increased 32.3 percent to $0.86 from $0.65.
Net income rose from $16.6 million in 2009 to $22.4
million in 2010, and client satisfaction levels remained
at an all-time high of 99 percent for the third year in
a row.
During 2010, we repurchased $7.9 million of the Com-
pany’s shares, and paid dividends totaling $13.5 million.
Insperity generated more than $61.1 million in EBITDA
plus stock-based compensation during the year and
increased operating income by 37.1 percent to
$37.1 million.
These financial results not only affirm a solid return to
the increasing profitability and growth experienced by
Insperity, but also help to lay the groundwork for extending our brand and serving a larger number of businesses,
employees and their families in 2011 and beyond.
Returning to Growth
–
By the end of
2010, Insperity
reversed a downward unit growth event from 2009
caused by the recession and resumed a growth pattern seen in previous economic recoveries, averaging
111,249 worksite employees in the fourth quarter.
The reasons for this increase include a retooled sales
engine, continued high levels of client retention and
net gains from hiring within our client base. In addition, the Company built a strong pipeline of qualified
prospects, improved MidMarket sales and increased
full-service core market sales. The combination of
these factors, coupled with the implementation of
our new adjacent business development strategy,
sets the stage for continued
growth in 2011.
Resuming Increases in Profitability
–
In addition
to resuming our growth momentum, the Company
has experienced a return to increasing profitability.
This accomplishment is particularly notable given the
prolonged sluggish pace of the nation’s economic
recovery. To help our clients, we implemented
moderate price decreases for our services during
the most severe phase of the downturn, but during
2010, the Company was able to show a slight
recovery toward our previous rates as clients
renewed. Additionally, a significant portion of
Insperity’s profit increases for 2010 were the result
of effective direct cost management involving
workers’ compensation insurance, benefits costs
(including costs related to COBRA participants)
and payroll tax costs. If the national economy
improves in 2011 as some project, any associated
revenue increases, coupled with continued direct
cost management efforts, may help position
the Company for further profit increases.
Implementing a New Strategy
–
Our new name is
backed by a new and exciting growth strategy
centered on the implementation of our adjacent
business development plan. The primary goal of
this effort is to develop profitable adjacent business
units with recurring revenue streams, strong growth
potential and substantial cross-selling opportunities
that feed our core Workforce Optimization business.
In September, we formally launched eight adjacent
business offerings following our “Build, Buy, Partner”
approach. This introduction was the first step
in expanding the identity of Insperity beyond
Workforce Optimization and evolving into a
business performance improvement company
with the ability to help businesses succeed in a
variety of ways. The resulting Company changes
were born out of the desire to grow the primary
business faster and more consistently, while capitalizing on the many strengths and assets Insperity has
developed over the last 25 years. We are confident
that we have the right plan and the right people to
properly execute this new strategy.
The past year was instrumental for Insperity in proving
once again the Company’s ability to progress in the
midst of a tepid economy, while addressing the varied
needs of complementary target markets. The result is
a company that is financially strong with substantial
cash reserves and no debt, and is growing its client
base through strategic market extension and a broadened product mix. Just as 2010 built upon our successful
business model of the first 25 years, I firmly believe that
our current transformation will prove to be the driving
force behind Insperity’s future growth and profitability.
In closing, I want to thank our corporate staff for
their hard work and dedication in providing first-class
business performance improvement services to our
clients and implementing our exciting new brand. In
addition, I am sincerely appreciative to our Board of
Directors for its valuable counsel and guidance
regarding our 2010 performance and the Company’s
strategic branding efforts. Last year, I said that I looked
forward to a productive 2010, and it certainly was a
successful year on many levels. I can already see that
2011 is another milestone period in the Company’s
timeline of helping businesses succeed so communities
prosper. Our new brand represents the resourcefulness
we are using to meet that goal for even more companies and employees in America, and I look forward to a
dynamic and profitable year.
Sincerely,
Paul J. Sarvadi
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 31, 2011