Fellow Shareholders
While 2009 presented Administaff with the most challenging labor market and overall
business environment since our founding in 1986, it also provided us with extraordinary
opportunities to assist clients through an unparalleled downturn in the marketplace.
Perhaps even more noticeably in tough times, our financial strength is complemented by
a broad, value-driven offering and an unwavering commitment to customer service. This
is evidenced by recent client testimonials describing how Administaff enables them to
limit employment risks, upgrade workforces, reduce turnover and access comprehensive
training resources – all of which result in reduced operating expenses, increased peace
of mind and improved business focus, to name but a few benefits.
However, despite our assistance, Administaff clients were
deeply impacted by the recession, and their efforts to contain expenses and reduce staff, coupled with significantly
higher costs incurred by Administaff’s health plans, resulted in lower Company profits for
the full year. In 2010, our goal is to reestablish Administaff’s growth and profitability, while continuing
to deliver, strengthen and expand our broad range of HR services, so that we remain a
key resource for helping our nation’s best small and medium-sized businesses overcome
obstacles and capitalize on opportunities.
2009 Financial Performance
Revenues for 2009 decreased 4.1 percent to $1.7 billion, due to a 7.0 percent reduction in
the average number of worksite employees paid per month, which was partially offset by a 3.1
percent increase in revenues per worksite employee per month. Despite difficult economic times,
client satisfaction levels remained at a record 93 percent level for the second consecutive year.
Gross profit fell by 16.2 percent to $288.0 million in 2009. Diluted net income and diluted net earnings per share
declined from $45.8 million and $1.79 in 2008 to $16.6 million and $0.66
in 2009. Administaff generated more than $55 million of EBITDA plus stock-based compensation
during the year. We ended 2009 with no debt and more than $127 million in working capital,
a 30 percent increase over 2008. Our solid financial position allows us to fully execute Administaff’s business plan, make targeted
acquisitions and take advantage of share repurchase opportunities. Throughout 2009, the Company
placed increased emphasis on controlling operating expenses, responding to additional regulatory
requirements and making important technological improvements to benefit our clients.
Efforts to Control Operating Expenses –
Our 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan included a goal that challenged each corporate employee to be as efficient as possible in the use of
operating budget funds. That effort paid off, resulting in a 6 percent drop in operating expenses
compared to 2008. These savings helped to offset the 7 percent reduction in the average
number of worksite employees paid per month.
Response to Regulatory Changes –
Early in 2009, Congress voted to provide a subsidy
to any involuntarily terminated employee electing a temporary continuation in their group
health coverage (COBRA). Although our Client Service Agreement allows for costs associated
with statutory changes to be passed along to clients, Administaff assumed these costs for
2009. While the related expenditures to Administaff were $12 million for the year, we are
convinced that assuming this fiscal burden gave our affected clients the financial “breathing
room” to help withstand current economic challenges and rebound more quickly. Although
uncertainty remains regarding the length of time the COBRA subsidies will continue, we have
begun incorporating these costs into our service fees.
Technological Improvements –
During 2009, the Company launched its new Online Benefits Enrollment system, designed specifically for clients with worksite employees participating in
open enrollment for the Health Care Flexible Spending Account Plan. In 2010, the system will
be expanded to include all Group Health Plan enrollments. The Administaff Online Benefits
Enrollment system applies an exclusive decision support tool that models comparative costs
of eligible choices and enables the user to make a more informed selection. Across many
areas of the Company, additional technological advancements are currently in development
and are expected to yield a better client service experience while lowering our operating costs.
Through accomplishments like these, we have been successful in helping our clients and, in turn,
our Company, weather the current economic storm. In so doing, we have identified areas for further
improvement that might have otherwise gone unnoticed. Although 2009 was certainly challenging
for Administaff, the Company was able to turn a profit, unlike many businesses. In fact, our business
model proved exceptionally resilient, even in a recessionary period characterized by the weakest
labor market in the Company’s history. In summary,Administaff is continuing to show its fortitude, regardless of which phase of the busi-ness cycle we may go through. At the core of this accomplishment are our people – the dedicated
corporate staff who gives value to Administaff’s services, day in and day out. I express my gratitude
for their commitment, especially during the trials and challenges of the past year. Additionally, I
want to convey my appreciation to Administaff’s board of directors for its valuable guidance and
contributions during a demanding 2009. As always, we remain committed to our clients, employees
and corporate staff, along with their families, and we look forward to a productive 2010.
Sincerely,
Paul J. Sarvadi
Chairman and Chief
