PRESIDENT’SMESSAGE
MY CONFIDENCE IN OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE GROWING THE COMPANY AND
STRENGTHENING OUR INDUSTRY-LEADING POSITION IS AT AN ALL-TIME HIGH.
2000 HIGHLIGHTS
• ACHIEVED RECORD REVENUES AND INCOME
• LAUNCHED AN eCOMMERCE PORTAL
• DEVELOPED NEW MARKETING AND STRATEGIC ALLIANCES • ENHANCED OUR eSERVICE DELIVERY PLATFORM
• REFINED AND EXPANDED OUR CORE SERVICES
• ACCELERATED OUR NATIONAL EXPANSION PROGRAM
• EXPERIENCED SIGNIFICANT GAINS IN SHAREHOLDER VALUE
FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
By any measure, 2000 was another remarkable year at Administaff.
Not only did we produce excellent financial results, we also achieved significant advances in our technology initiatives, improved our service offering, maintained a healthy balance between growth and profitability, and further enhanced the outlook for our long-term success.
Highlighting our record-setting financial performance in 2000 was a 64 percent increase in revenues to $3.7 billion. In addition, our net income was up 81 percent to $16.9 million, and diluted earnings per share rose 71 percent to $0.58. These results reflect significant pricing strength, operating expense control and better-than-expected unit growth – totaling more than 68,000 worksite employees at year-end. We also remained debt-free in 2000, and our balance sheet is among the strongest in our industry. We finished the year with working capital of $51.2 million, and our total assets exceeded $242 million.
While the Company’s financial results for 2000 set new records,
it was our operational achievements that set the stage for our progress going forward. Major accomplishments in this area included further devel- opment of our eBusiness initiatives, an increase in the value of our client
services and a faster rate of growth for our national expansion program.
Leading our list of eBusiness initiatives in 2000 was the launch of bizzport,SM an eCommerce portal designed for exclusive use by client companies, employees and their fami- lies. Bizzport aggregates Administaff’s clients into a more powerful buying group and takes client support to higher levels in two important areas. First, it gives our clients the opportunity to market their products and services to other Administaff clients and employees through an online network- ing forum called Best2Best.SM And second, it provides convenient buying opportunities through a growing list
of best-of-class providers, including such companies as American Express, AT&T, Bank One, Continental Airlines, Dell, FTD.COM, IBM and Spiegel.
By the time we released the second version of bizzport in early 2001, more than 200 client companies
3

FIVE-YEARCOMPOUNDANNUALGROWTHRATES–
had listed their products and services on Best2Best. In addition, more than a dozen major companies had joined bizzport’s best-of-class providers list, with many more alliances under development.
Our second major eBusiness initiative was the expansion and enhancementofoureServiceplatform,AdministaffAssistant.® New features include Web reporting, online forms submission, a centralized personal information file for employees, convenient online password assistance and quicker logins. During 2000, Administaff clients accessed and downloaded thousands of online reports and forms. By automating these routine transactions, we are taking an important step to enhance our service offering and lower operating costs for both Administaff and our client companies.
We also launched eUniversity in 2000. As an extension of Admin- istaff University, this online learning system provides clients with a leading- edge tool for training and developing the workforce. In addition to being able to access dozens of Web-based training courses, employees can plan and track their individual training programs and register online for instructor-led classes.
•WORKSITEEMPLOYEES:29% • REVENUES: 42%
• GROSS PROFIT: 38%
• OPERATING INCOME: 36%
• NET INCOME: 59%
Administaff’s third eBusiness initiative is an eContent platform that will provide a wide range of personnel management information via the Inter- net.Developedin2000andsched- uled for launch in 2001, this eContent platform is designed to facilitate the exchange of information with other companies serving our target market. In addition, it is expected to strengthen our position as the premier human resources department for small and medium-sized businesses, further extend the Administaff brand and generate new sales leads.
Rounding out our technology investments in 2000 was the success- ful deployment of the Administaff
4

Information Management System (AIMS), our fifth-generation proprietary information and payroll management platform. This new release includes improved processing speed, a new comprehensive payroll tax calculation module,enhancedintegrationwithAdministaffAssistant,® increased reporting capabilities and a simplified user interface.
Other important developments benefiting our clients in 2000 included: • The use of our volume purchasing power to help contain the rising
cost of health care.
• The expansion of our benefits plan to include voluntary short-term
and long-term disability coverage, and upgrading our voluntary life insur- ance plan from group term to group universal life with an optional
savings component.
• The addition of client coverage under our Employment Practices Liability Insurance policy to further protect client companies.
• The creation of payroll teams to provide clients with broader payroll support, more personalized service and quicker response.
• The introduction of LifeWorks,® a comprehensive employee assistance program that helps employees and their families balance work and personal issues.
• A new workers’ compensation
carrier – Lumbermens Mutual Casualty Company, a unit of Kemper Insurance Companies–tounderwriteourwork- ers’ compensation insurance program in line with the high-quality standards our clients have come to expect.
The Company’s growth in 2000 also included an acceleration of our national expansion program. We entered two new markets – Baltimore and New Jersey – and we opened six new sales offices. We also relocated and expanded our Houston service center; and in early 2001, we opened our first on-site child-care facility there to serve employees and others in the local community. In addition, we broke
    5

ground on a new service center in Los Angeles and announced a major expansion of our corporate headquarters.
The success of our organic growth model is punctuated by the increased geographical diversity of our client base. When Administaff became a public company in early 1997, more than 50 percent of our revenues were derived from our initial market, Houston, and less than
20 percent came from outside Texas. At year-end 2000, however, Houston accounted for only 26 percent of our revenues despite continued strong growth in that market, and revenues from outside of Texas totaled more than 50 percent for the first time. Furthermore, the Company’s expansion markets – those other than the original markets of Houston, San Antonio, Austin and Orlando – now represent more than 60 percent
of total revenues.
Our sales program also benefited from an expansion of our Ameri- can Express marketing alliance. This agreement provides for increased marketing efforts by American Express, new offerings to Administaff’s clients and worksite employees through bizzport, and increased financial incentives for both companies.
Administaff also entered into strategic alliances with two Internet- based service companies – Virtual Growth and eProsper. These alliances include equity investments by Admin- istaff, joint marketing initiatives and the development of future service offerings. Virtual Growth delivers out- sourced accounting services for small and medium-sized businesses via
the Internet, and eProsper provides emerging growth companies with integrated capitalization and stock option management services.
The financial markets responded favorably to Administaff’s progress
in 2000, resulting in an 80 percent increase in our stock price. Moreover,
6
ONE OF OUR PRIMARY GOALS IS TO AGGREGATE THE BEST SMALL AND MEDIUM-SIZED BUSINESSES IN THE COUNTRY AND LEVERAGE THE POWER OF THIS GROUP TO CREATE A SHARED ADVANTAGE.

 in the four-plus years from our initial public offering through the date of this letter, Administaff’s common stock has appreciated at a compound annual growth rate of 13.3 percent. This compares with gains of
11.7 percent for the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index and 10.3 percent
for the NASDAQ Composite Index.
The national news media also recognized our continuing success.
In January 2001, Forbes magazine included Administaff for the second time on its Platinum 400 list of the best big companies in America. In addition, Administaff was again included on the Fortune 1000 list, ranking number 615 based on 1999 revenues. Fortune also named Administaff as one of “America’s Most Admired Companies” for the third consecutive year, and Bloomberg Personal Finance ranked Administaff as one of the top 100 hot stocks for 2000.
As we enter the new year, we are seeing the need to temper our near-term growth expectations due to the uncertainties of our nation’s economy. At the same time, Administaff has achieved 15 years of unin- terrupted growth through all types of economic cycles, and I believe we are in a strong position to continue growing the Company and adding
shareholder value. We expect to build on the accomplishments of 2000 by capitalizing on three important trends – year-over-year unit and revenue growth, pricing strength derived from a continually improving value proposition, and efficiency gains resulting from
our technology investments.
I would like to express manage-
ment’s gratitude for the dedication, hard work and outstanding achieve- ments of our corporate employees, and for the valuable guidance provided by our Board of Directors. Appreciation also is extended to our clients, share- holders, alliance companies and suppliers. Together, we are setting
the pace for human capital strategies in the 21st century.
Sincerely,
Paul J. Sarvadi President and Chief Executive Officer March 9, 2001
 7
