To Our Fellow Stakeholders
During 2011, Insperity launched its new brand with a refined mission to help businesses
succeed so communities prosper. We are embracing this commitment through an expanded
array of business performance solutions comple
menting and supplementing our core Workforce
OptimizationTM
solution. These changes significantly increase our target markets and further
position Insperity to bolster the entrepreneurial efforts of thousands of business owners and
their employees, families and communities across the nation
2011 Financial Performance
Revenues increased 14.9 percent in 2011 to $2 billion
on a 9.2 percent increase in the average number of
paid worksite employees and a 5.3 percent increase
in revenues per worksite employee per month.
Gross profit increased 17.8 percent to $351.8 million,
and diluted earnings per share increased 34.9 percent
to $1.16 compared to $0.86 in 2010. Net income
climbed 35.8 percent to $30.5 million compared to
$22.4 million in 2010.
During the year, we repurchased just over one
million shares of the Company’s common stock
at a cost of $25.1 million. In February 2011, the
Company announced a 15.4 percent increase in
the quarterly dividend, from $0.13 to $0.15 per
share, and as a result, paid dividends totaling
$15.7 million. Insperity generated $82.2 million in
adjusted EBITDA during the year and increased
operating income by 54.7 percent to $57.3 million.
We ended 2011 with $126.6 million in working
capital and no debt.
Our financial results in 2011 were realized as we
launched the new InsperityTM
brand and support-
ing business model while investing in adjacent
businesses. Presenting our broadened base of
services through a network of trusted advisors better
positions us to provide America’s business owners
with appropriate solutions to many of the challenges
they face on a regular basis.
Trusted Advisors for Today’s
Entrepreneurs
With the introduction of the Insperity brand on
March 3, 2011, we continued the elevation of our
position in the marketplace as trusted advisors.
Focused on business performance improvement
using a variety of high value services essential to
client success, Insperity leverages three important
organizational elements discussed below to reinforce
our brand identity and value proposition for
America’s leading entrepreneurs, their companies
and employees.
Business Performance Advisors
Insperity has expanded the role of our sales force
to Business Performance Advisors, who assume
the responsibility of analyzing prospects’ needs
and presenting customized solutions to address a
variety of business performance issues. We are also
working with the University of Houston to create
and implement a Business Performance Advisor
Certification Program designed to meet the ongoing
demand for highly qualified advisors to work with
our nation’s leading business owners.
Adjacent Business Unit Strategy
Over the last few years, the Company has acquired
multiple businesses with product and service
offerings that complement each other and our core
Workforce OptimizationTM
solution while strength-
ening the Insperity
brand. Current plans call for
the Company’s acquisition strategy to continue to
add synergistic businesses to our present lineup of
products and services to help businesses run better,
grow faster and make more money. During 2011, we
staffed key positions in our Adjacent Business Units
in anticipation of dynamic growth stemming from
the activities of our 300-person sales engine.
Bundle Plus Selling
To fully capitalize on our Workforce Optimization
offering and adjacent business products and
services, InsperityTM
Business Performance Advisors
are implementing Bundle Plus Selling, a marketing
strategy that offers customized solutions either
separate from or in combination with the full
range of Insperity services. The introduction of
adjacent business products and services provides
Business Performance Advisors additional
opportunities to build trust with new clients and,
when and where appropriate, move them toward
our core Workforce Optimization solution. Using
the 25,000-30,000 annual face-to-face contacts
with business owners and CEOs, Insperity Business
Performance Advisors now offer a comprehensive
range of flexible business performance improvement
products and services, significantly enhancing our
marketplace appeal.
In 2011, Insperity used our growing network of
complementary products and services to support
more than 100,000 companies with more than
two million employees. As the national economy
rebounds, the Company remains financially strong
and is poised for significant growth given the
breadth and depth of our offerings coupled with a
needs-focused consultative selling strategy. These
transformational changes provide a foundation
for achieving historic Workforce Optimization
TM
growth rates and profitability.
As Insperity helps businesses thrive, communities
grow and prosperity spreads to churches, schools
and other institutions, enabling volunteerism and
philanthropy to increase. Our business support
system may start on a local level, but it can have
a national impact as an increasing number of
companies, organizations and communities across
the country benefit from the far-reaching effects of
business performance improvement.
In closing and on behalf of management, I
congratulate our corporate staff for their dedication
to ensuring that the new Insperity brand is
embraced and valued by the business community
and its employees and families. Additionally,
I want to thank our Board of Directors for its
important guidance as we rebranded the Company
and introduced significant changes to our service
offerings and selling strategy. With the noteworthy
developments of 2011 serving as foundational
elements, the Company anticipates a promising
and rewarding 2012.
Sincerely,
Paul J. Sarvadi
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
April 2, 2012