  Dear Stockholders,
Fiscal year 2003 was a watershed year for Network Appliance (NetApp). We are now recognized as one of the industry’s leading full-line enterprise storage solutions providers, and have distinguished ourselves by achieving significant growth in both revenue and market share in a challenging economic environment. At the same time, we expanded our customer base and made great strides with our technology and dis- tribution partners. In true NetApp fashion, our leadership in data management innovation continues to drive the evolution of the storage industry.
Our success is reflected in impressive financial and market share results. We generated growth in revenue and net income in all four quarters while maintain- ing gross margins and improving our operating leverage. We strengthened
our balance sheet, generated cash, and instituted a stock repurchase program. We have worked diligently to build a solid financial foundation, thereby setting the stage for future growth.
Total revenue for the year increased by 12% over 2002. Revenue from services, including hardware support, professional services, and education services, was up 31%, year over year, and we extended
our market share leadership in the network- attached storage (NAS) and content delivery markets, with 38.4% and 37%, respectively. Add-on software and software subscriptions revenue increased 35% over 2002, reflecting the demand for NetApp’s data management solutions.
Indirect distribution channels accounted for over 46% of total revenue. Year over year, revenue from indirect channels increased 33%. This represents an impor- tant indicator of future growth potential. Our continued success with distribution partners will help accelerate the realization of our revenue goals and further extend our reach into the enterprise.
Relationships with other key industry leaders have been integral to our evolution. Enterprise customers require complete solutions that integrate seamlessly into their existing storage environments. By partnering with key technology and application providers, we have entered new markets and are addressing the data management chal- lenges of today’s global enterprise.
1 annual report 2003

Enterprise
 Information is the lifeblood of the enterprise. For customers looking for solutions to business-critical information technology (IT) challenges, a core consideration is the way their data will be stored, protected, and managed. We have enabled our cus- tomers to meet their business challenges by working with our partners to develop such complete solutions as:
• Powerful database systems for more robust customer relationship management (CRM) and enterprise resource planning (ERP) applications;
• Server and storage resource consolidation for easier and more cost-effective IT management;
• Data access and protection in the event of a disaster;
• File archiving for rapid and easy recall on demand, or to meet a variety of new government regulations; and
• Data and content distribution to field offices around the world.
eWeek
April 14, 2003 Henry Baltazar
Data storage has become a highly strategic component of the enterprise IT infrastruc- ture. Customers no longer have the luxury of ample IT budgets. They are replacing their monolithic, hardware-centric storage systems with modular, software-driven systems connected to corporate networks. This provides immense benefits to the real-time enterprise. With networked storage, the true value of information is shared throughout an organization, giving decision makers the tools they need to increase revenue, explore new markets, get closer to customers, and reduce expenses.
Another significant shift is that companies increasingly buy storage solutions from storage specialists rather than traditional server vendors. They recognize that storage specialists, like NetApp, are focused on solving data storage and management challenges that traditional server vendors are not able to address with general- purpose servers and general-purpose operating systems.
“FAS900 Series Appliances. After years of fighting with SAN vendors, Network Appliance has turned the tables on its competition by providing customers with a solution that has the benefits of both file- and block-level storage, with a single point of storage management.”

 Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications (USA) Inc.
Des Black
Director IS/IT, Region Americas, Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications (USA) Inc.
“Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications (USA) Inc. chose Network Appliance to supply a storage consolidation solution for our distributed enterprise of UNIX, Oracle, and Windows systems. The successful deployment has helped us to scale the current data center storage environment to meet our growing information needs. We see NetApp as a key part of our infrastructure, and an important business solution partner for Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications (USA) Inc.”
3 annual report 2003
 Simplicity Drives Value
The NetApp installed base consists of over 45,000 systems in more than 100 coun- tries. Our customers are leaders in their industries and have deployed our solutions throughout their companies, from their data centers to their remote offices. They buy the NetApp® solution because it simplifies the complexity associated with managing corporate data.
From product design through customer support processes, simplicity is reflected in everything we do. Our drive for simplicity provides our customers with real and measurable advantages. The prime example is our single, common software architec- ture, which supports all of our products and solutions. With NetApp storage solu-
tions, customers are more agile and can react quickly to changes by rapidly deploying or reconfiguring their storage assets.
This allows them to keep their information highly available to end users and improves the performance of their enterprise appli- cations, enabling them to bring products and services to market sooner and to reduce their operating costs.
All of these benefits reduce our customers’ total cost of ownership (TCO)—another NetApp hallmark. From initial purchase costs through deployment and ongoing maintenance, NetApp solutions meet our customers’ stringent fiscal requirements, earning for us the reputation for having the industry’s lowest TCO. Today’s corporate chief information officer (CIO) has the
daunting task of doing more with less, while keeping the business operating
all day, every day. NetApp products and solutions—blending simplicity with high performance, versatility with low TCO— help CIOs meet this challenge.
 
Innovation
Gartner, Inc.
Roger Cox
Vice President, Storage Research, Gartner, Inc.
“The industry is rapidly evolving toward consolidated fabric-attached storage infrastructures that can be managed from a single platform. We recommend organizations seek vendors capable of seamlessly sup- porting unified storage infrastructures while offering solutions that leverage existing IT infrastructures.”
Network Appliance has fueled the evolution of the storage industry through leadership and innovation. This past year we introduced several groundbreaking technologies. We launched the industry’s first unified storage solution; we redefined nearline storage; we delivered an open-standard NAS gateway; and we took a leadership role within the storage industry with our iSCSI offerings.
Unified Storage
In October 2002, we introduced the FAS900 series of fabric-attached storage (FAS) systems—the industry’s first
unified SAN (storage area network) and NAS storage platform. Using one operating system—our flagship software product, Data ONTAPTM—along with scalable hardware and a single management environment, NetApp has again set a new standard for simplified data management and customers’ returns on investment.
    
Storage Terms and Acronyms
  DAS Direct-attached storage. Storage devices that are directly attached to a computing device, not a network. Data is only available to users and applications on that computing device.
SAN Storage area network. A special-purpose network based on peripheral channels such as Fibre Channel where storage devices store and serve blocks of data.
NAS Network-attached storage. Typically an Ethernet network, where storage devices store and serve files of data.
FAS Fabric-attached storage. Storage systems that support both SAN and NAS. Files and blocks of data share a common pool of disk drives, providing a unified management view of both types of data.
 Peugeot
Jean Pierre Dumoulin
TIVV-ATI Support and Operation, PSA Peugeot Citroën
“Rapidly developing new automotive designs is critical to the success of our business, so Peugeot relies on NetApp to support its CAD manufacturing systems. Our systems engineers have been impressed by the astonishing simplicity of the NetApp solution, which has increased productivity and resource exploitation while dramatically simplifying administration. NetApp has enabled us to reduce our storage total cost of ownership
to nearly half that of the former solution.”
The NetApp unified storage architecture enables customers to consolidate their storage and data management onto one highly scalable platform. This alleviates the added costs and complexity of deploying and managing different operating environ- ments to meet their many storage requirements.
In April 2003, NetApp introduced the newest member of the FAS product family. The FAS250 is a compact, entry-level enterprise storage appliance that is completely software-compatible with all NetApp products. The FAS250 provides customers with an attractive entry-level price point and a simple upgrade path to our higher-capacity, higher-performance servers, bringing the elegance and sim- plicity of unified storage to the low end
of the storage market.
Redefining Nearline Storage
NetApp redefined nearline storage with the introduction of our NearStoreTM product line. Before this technological advance, customers had to choose between costly but highly available online disk-based
data storage and economical, but offline, slow-access tape-based data storage. NearStore technology provides customers with a data protection solution that matches the low cost of traditional tape libraries, but with the exponentially greater perform- ance of disk-based storage.
The end-of-year rollout of the NearStore R150, coupled with our Open Systems SnapVaultTM software technology, provides a cost-effective, high-performance solution for data backup and recovery. These tech- nologies enable our enterprise customers
to store and replicate any kind of data (not just NetApp data), and they provide the foundation for highly differentiated data protection solutions unavailable from other providers.
NearStore, together with our new SnapLockTM software technology, will help to open
new market opportunities. SnapLock is designed to meet the requirements of “data permanence” mandated by various government regulations—most notably SEC Regulation 17a-4 for financial services broker-dealers. Other industries, such as healthcare and life sciences, have similar regulations. SnapLock provides WORM (write once, read many) attributes such
as nonerasability and nonrewritability that prevent data from being altered or deleted once it is stored on NearStore with SnapLock. This emerging market is generally referred to as “regulated data” and NetApp is well positioned, with our data protection solu- tions, to garner significant market share.
NAS Gateway
In January 2003, NetApp introduced a new product line, the gFilerTM gateway—a bridge between NAS and SAN storage. The NetApp gFiler gateway provides file-level access over an Internet protocol (IP) network to data stored in Fibre Channel storage area networks. It brings the ease and simplicity of NAS data management capabilities to SAN environments.
5 annual report 2003
 
October 2002
FAS900 Series
Industry’s first unified SAN/NAS storage platform
December 2002
gFiler Gateway
Open-standard NAS gateway
February 2003
Open Systems SnapVault
Enterprise software for heterogeneous data replication and protection
iSCSI Protocol Support
Enables the creation of SANs using pervasive Ethernet infrastructures
NearStore R150
Capacity and performance upgrade to flagship nearline storage product line
April 2003
FAS250
Unified storage in an entry- level enterprise server
SnapLock
Enterprise software for online data protection and archiving to meet government regulations for data “permanence”
Product Timeline
     The Emerging iSCSI Market
NetApp gains an additional foothold in
the storage industry by including iSCSI support throughout our entire product line. Identified as a $10 billion market opportu- nity, iSCSI, or Internet SCSI, enables SAN capabilities through existing Ethernet infrastructures and brings the advantages of storage networking to remote locations and the extended enterprise. iSCSI is especially appealing to customers because it enables affordable, network storage for Windows® and Linux® server environments, where simplicity, flexibility, and price/performance are critical IT decision factors.
Advanced Data Management
Fundamental to data storage and access is data management. Identifying available resources, managing the movement of data, and serving and protecting data
throughout its lifecycle requires a sophisti- cated software engine. NetApp’s core value to our customers is the simplicity we bring to a very complex and business- critical function. With Data ONTAP, the operating system at the heart of our unified storage architecture, customers rely on a single platform to store, manage, move, and protect the information that runs their businesses.
Manage ONTAPTM Application Development Program
The announcement of our Manage ONTAP program has significant and far-reaching implications. It allows third-party software developers to integrate their products and technology with the NetApp operating environment. By providing our technology partners with open application program interfaces (APIs), we have expanded the
capabilities and reach of our core technol- ogy and demonstrated our commitment to truly open storage network environments.
NetCache® Solutions
The NetCache product line is a scalable suite of appliances, designed to solve the complex Web-content delivery challenges faced by enterprises and service providers. NetCache appliances currently power some of the world’s largest enterprises and telecommunications networks. With the introduction of the C1200 and C2100 appliances, we have enhanced our ability to meet demanding customer price/per- formance requirements by supporting a wide range of capacity and reliability features.
NetCache is also at the core of our Internet access and security solutions, which provide highly cost-effective, scalable, and secure Web access environments.

 Oracle Corporation
Dave Dargo
Vice President, System Platforms Division, Oracle Corporation
“Oracle uses over 700 terabytes of NetApp storage every day throughout its business. We rely on NetApp to support the development and testing of our next-generation products. NetApp also equips Oracle E-Business Suite Outsourcing (EBSO)—which supports over 500 customers world- wide—providing managed services at a lower cost of ownership for ourselves, and ultimately for our customers, without sacrificing quality of service.”
7 annual report 2003
 Customer Satisfaction
Customer satisfaction is at the heart of our success and a NetApp core value.
Our customers are large global enterprises that must have access to their data at
all times. Downtime is not an option. All facets of our company, from manufacturing to product quality to global service and support, endeavor to deliver the highest- quality, most reliable products and services, bar none.
NetApp’s commitment to customer satis- faction is reflected in our Global Support Center (GSC) operations. As part of our “follow the sun” strategy, GSCs provide around-the-clock support regardless of where our customers are located. All GSCs have earned the Support Center Practices (SCP) certification, an interna- tionally recognized standard. The Service
and Support Association (SSA) and a consortium of IT companies created the SCP certification as a recognized quality certification for support centers.
Rounding out our portfolio of integrated service offerings, the award-winning NOWTM (NetApp on the Web) support site provides constant online monitoring of installed equipment, along with a variety of professional and learning services offered through the NetApp University. NetApp’s comprehensive, global service and sup- port solutions help our customers achieve optimal data availability while preserving a low total cost of ownership.

  Fiscal year 2003 will surely be remembered as one of amazing success and accomplishment for NetApp. Our more than 2,300 worldwide employees are very proud of our achievements and of the model company we have built. This year FORTUNE magazine recognized NetApp as one of the “100 Best Companies to Work For.” Debuting at number 39 on an impressive list of top U.S. companies, Network Appliance is the only enterprise storage company recognized this year for its premier work environment.
As we move into fiscal year 2004, we are confident and excited about the opportunities that await us. Building upon our leadership in innovation, the dedication of our employees, and the support of our partners, we will continue to deliver unparalleled value to our customers.
On behalf of the entire NetApp executive management team, thank you for your continued support and commitment to our success.
Sincerely,
Dan Warmenhoven Tom Mendoza
Chief Executive Officer President
  