We pioneered the concept of the “network appliance,”
extending the industry trend toward specialized devices that perform
a specific function in the network. Not unlike the development of the router
for network communications.
Today we are the leading supplier of network-attached data storage and access
devices, called filers. Our first product was designed to improve the storage
and accessibility of data stored on a network.We then introduced our
second product category in 1997, an Internet caching appliance. Designed
to achieve Internet bandwidth savings, it improved performance by moving
data closer to the end user. This product helps customers struggling with
Web data traffic that is, according to market analysts, doubling every three
months. Compared to similarly configured and competitively priced
products, our filers are faster, more highly available and easier to operate.
Such performance is accomplished by a specialized and patented software
system optimized exclusively for file service tasks, thus providing
performance advantages when compared to general-purpose computers
used as file servers.
What do you think of all the attention network-centric storage is
getting lately?
We recognized some time ago that data was the most important part
of the computing environment. It’s where the real value is for
our customers. When we wrote our mission statement in 1993,
we envisioned file server appliances, or filers, being pervasive
worldwide by the end of this decade. Even back then, we
planned for NetApp to lead a fundamental market shift away
from general-purpose servers tasked with doing many different
things, to an appliance model of data storage that does one
thing very well — serves data.
Planning and executing are two different things, though.
Of course they are. We knew that creating a new market segment
would take a product with demonstrated superiority. Something
fast, reliable, cost effective. But instead of only thinking in
terms of technology, we thought about what our customers
would be facing. In three years. In five years. In a decade. And
how our solutions would have to always accommodate them.
How does that work?
It takes constantly pushing for faster and simpler enterprise data
storage solutions. Take our NetApp® F760 filer. Compared to
its predecessor, it doubled throughput, halved response time
and tripled capacity. Another good example is our NetCache™
appliance. Before last year, the caching market was relatively
insignificant. But by leveraging our core technology, it took
less than a year to become a recognized leader in this emerging
market. Enterprises and Internet Service Providers (ISPs)
must have a solution such as this to stay ahead of Internet
traffic demands.
Do market leaders get all the glory?
Well, we saw the data revolution coming and we capitalized on it.
We were highly gratified by the recent IDC study ranking us
number one, with 41% of the Network Attached Storage (NAS)
market share. Our performance has resulted in 16 consecutive
quarters of greater than 70% year-over-year revenue growth
and consistent earnings growth since we went public in 1995.
In addition, we were added to the S&P 500 just after the close
of the fiscal year.
Our OEM partnerships with Dell and Fujitsu have greatly expanded
our market opportunity. Dell should help us penetrate the
Windows NT® server market and Fujitsu is selling and
supporting our products in Japan.
What do you think fuels your growth?
Our success has always hinged on our ability to focus on one thing,
and then do that one thing well. From our inception we’ve
been a network storage company. We recognized that data
management and access are pivotal to the health of the corporate
information infrastructure. We now see that reflected in our
customers. In addition to being a technology-oriented purchase,
our customers increasingly see our systems as a critical part
of their data infrastructure.
So you think data access and storage has become a business decision
more than an IT issue?
Absolutely. Companies now see how protecting, sharing and managing
information is a competitive advantage. Just think about it in
the context of the Internet and the emerging network-centric
economy. The only way for a company to do business is to have
its data accessible whenever it’s needed. Everything has to
operate flawlessly. That’s why we concentrate on three issues —
serve data fast, make it always available and simple to manage.
These three things position NetApp as the information storage
and access solution for the Internet-driven economy.
It’s a simple maxim, really. Focus on doing one thing,
and in turn, do it very well. This singular vision has propelled not
only the success of Network Appliance™ products, but the success of our
company as well.

We began working on network data access issues back in 1992.
Our founders realized then that the traditional solution —
general-purpose computers and disks — couldn’t handle the
mounting data access problem. And that ultimately it all
would become cumbersome, labor intensive and costly.
So we thought beyond the traditional storage box. We pioneered
the network-attached data appliance; an intuitive idea that
a product concentrating only on serving data will be faster,
simpler and more reliable. The idea mirrored our company’s
own goals. That of focusing solely on data management —
and developing a more intelligent approach for companies
to operate.
Every year we push further. With new Internet-based e-commerce,
e-service and e-solutions being put to use daily, we must
constantly search for ways to help our customers conquer
their ever-increasing demand for data.
And we’re on the brink of a data revolution. During the past year,
the data storage needs in the typical enterprise have doubled.
Internet companies see a doubling every 6 months. Forrester
Research believes that new business applications for supply
chain automation, e-commerce initiatives and customer self
service will cause storage growth to increase 200% per year.*
We give our customers smart infrastructure. And it’s why today
we say Network Appliance is positioned to prepare businesses
for the coming data explosion.

Obviously there’s more than one way to address data
growth. There’s the “buy more” approach, constantly adding expensive,
general-purpose server computers — or additional telecommunication lines.
And companies really do buy more, since in addition to hardware, they
need to maintain all this technology with a cadre of IT people.
NetApp, on the other hand, created a new breed of appliances that
are well positioned for managing the exponential growth of
data. We have embraced the network, the backbone of the
Internet and the enterprise.
Because our appliances only concentrate on managing data
well, businesses concerned with data management issues
of exponential growth can easily expand capacity
without affecting access to information. We call this
business continuancy.
This is the kind of news that makes Internet companies take notice.
It’s why Network Appliance is quickly becoming a de facto
standard for ISPs. During the last year, 7 out of the top 10
Web sites* depended on our filers to store and serve data to
their customers.
In addition, by intelligently moving data closer to the user,
our NetCache products are allowing Internet providers
and enterprises to scale their network infrastructure
without having to add Internet and intranet connectivity.
By providing a total solution approach, we help to keep
our customers prepared for the data revolution that is
just around the corner.
