 FREDERICK H. WADDELL
chairman and chief executive officer
 On August 12, 1889, Byron Laflin Smith and 32 other investors founded The Northern Trust Company in a small second-floor office in
Chicago, Illinois. He and the five other employees who opened the bank’s doors that day never could have envisioned the breadth and scope of their enterprise as it exists today. They did, however, expect Northern Trust would endure as an institution
dedicated to their guiding principles of service, expertise and integrity.
Today, I am proud to report Northern Trust’s asset servicing, wealth management, asset management and banking businesses continue to grow. Our global enterprise is financially strong, and our people deliver on the enduring principles that have distinguished our firm for more than a century. Growth and positive change were the hallmarks of 2014. We expanded our footprint, grew our client base and aligned our organization to broaden our leadership and leverage the significant opportunities we see in the marketplace.
On August 12, 2014, we inaugurated a yearlong celebration of the bank’s 125th anniversary with our clients, employees and the communities we serve. Many of our clients took the time to express their gratitude for the deep, long-standing relationships they enjoy with Northern Trust; some of their sentiments are shown on pages 3 and 7 of this report. Because of
our success in serving clients, we have been able to expand our commitment to community engagement. In early 2015, we were proud to announce that we
will commit an additional $1.25 million to charities around the world, reflecting our culture of caring for the communities in which our clients and partners live and work.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Net income in 2014 was $811.8 million, an improvement of 11 percent over 2013. Revenues grew 6 percent to $4.3 billion, primarily reflecting higher trust, investment and other servicing fees. Expenses rose to $3.1 billion, an increase of 5 percent in support of our growth.
Our balance sheet – always a source of comfort for our clients and shareholders – remained strong. We also saw continued growth in deposits, which rose 8 percent, driven primarily by new business. Loans,
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
2 | 2014 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS | NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION

our highest-yielding asset, grew 8 percent, reflecting solid demand from our Wealth Management clients. Our capital base grew by 7 percent due to the issuance of 16,000 shares of perpetual preferred stock and continued growth in retained earnings. We were able to return $792.4 million in capital to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
Against a backdrop of generally higher equity markets, mixed volatility and continued low interest rates, we saw solid new business from existing and new clients.
Our Corporate & Institutional Services business had a record year. Assets under custody (AUC) grew
7 percent to $5.5 trillion, reflecting strong new business, higher equity markets and continued expansion of our global franchise. Institutional assets under management (AUM) also saw good growth, rising 7 percent to $709.6 billion. This was particularly evident with the success of our defined contribution and Outsourced Chief Investment Officer (OCIO) capabilities. Our OCIO business saw a 23 percent increase in growth – now representing more than $60 billion in AUM – making us a top provider of these capabilities to foundations, endowments and pension plans.
For our institutional clients, we supported their ability to meet ever-increasing regulatory requirements, such as the European Union’s Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive and reporting requirements under the United States’ Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. And to satisfy clients’ needs regarding Europe’s TARGET2-Securities settlements initiative, we developed a unique strategy with an enhanced range of asset safety holding structures, liquidity assurance and liquidity products.
We continued to invest in and expand our client base using the hedge fund servicing platform we
acquired in 2011. Bridgewater, the world’s largest hedge fund, transitioned to our platform during the year, validating our hedge fund servicing capabilities for highly sophisticated clients. New client relationships led us to open offices in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and in Seoul, South Korea. We relocated our Luxembourg-based fund administration operation
to a larger space to handle its continued growth. To accommodate our expanding Irish-domiciled fund business, we began implementing plans to increase our physical space in Limerick, Ireland. We are now the third-largest fund administrator in Ireland. New processing and back-office operations began in Manila, Philippines, to support global clients, and in 2015
we plan to open a new office in Tempe, Arizona, that will perform a wide variety of front-, middle- and back-office functions.
In our Wealth Management business, we continued to grow steadily, with AUC totaling $515.7 billion, up
4 percent, and AUM growing 1 percent to $224.5 billion. Throughout 2014, we focused our investments in two areas: expanding capabilities to support evolving client needs and technology innovation. Our Delaware trust company added additional trust and advisory expertise to assist our clients with their generational wealth needs and moved into a new, larger space to handle our growth. Our technology investments will enhance our client experience and equip our employees with the most efficient, effective tools necessary to meet clients’ needs.
Building on our longstanding focus on business owners facing succession planning, liquidity and estate planning issues, we increased our capacity to serve this important wealth segment. We also added expertise in family education and governance, as clients continue to ask for help preparing the next generation for the wealth they will inherit. The ways our clients interact
letter to shareholders
4 | 2014 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS | NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION

with us are vitally important; the investments we’ve made in our online, digital and mobile capabilities enhanced and deepened our clients’ experience and ties with Northern Trust. We were gratified to be named by the Financial Times Group as Best Private Bank in the United States for the sixth year and, for the second year, as Best Private Bank for Socially Responsible Investing.
In our Asset Management business, we ended the year with a record $934.1 billion in AUM from personal and institutional clients. Our exchange traded funds family, FlexShares, grew significantly and now represents $8.4 billion in AUM, up 25 percent from 2013. Our Engineered Equity business exceeded $33 billion in AUM, building on our position as the industry’s fourth-largest provider of index-based asset management solutions for sophisticated investment needs.
We saw the expertise of our people again recognized when Institutional Investor named Northern Trust the U.S. Manager of the Year in its Municipal Fixed Income and Fixed Income Indexer categories for 2014. And for the second year in a row, Pensions & Investments magazine named Northern Trust to its list of Best Places to Work in Money Management.
RISK MANAGEMENT
The management of risk has been a key focus for every Northern Trust partner throughout our 125-year history. Yet today’s global environment presents risks our founder never imagined. Topping the list are emerging and ever-more-public threats to cybersecurity. Over
the past four years, our financial investment in cybersecurity has increased substantially, and in 2014 we furthered those efforts to help ensure our company and client data remain secure.
Northern Trust also invested heavily in developing models to manage and measure better our credit,
operational, market, interest rate and strategic risks. While regulatory expectations drove much of this effort, we clearly benefit from certain modeling applications that help us make better-informed decisions. For example, we now use our operational risk-modeling capabilities to negotiate and buy our insurance coverages, helping us reduce expenses and better align coverage with our risk appetite.
OUTLOOK
The beginning of 2015 shows promise for an improving U.S. economy against a backdrop of global economic and political uncertainty. Job growth in the United States appears to be gaining solid traction, although wage growth remains stubbornly low. Inflation continues to run below the Federal Reserve’s long-run target, and the drop in oil prices should provide additional buying power to consumers. Commercial and industrial loans in the United States grew 12 percent in 2014 as businesses expanded to meet new demand. There appears to be consensus that U.S. interest rates will begin to rise in 2015, although the timing of that move remains unclear. Northern Trust is well-positioned to benefit from a rise in short-term interest rates.
Against an improving picture in the United States, economic headwinds continue in Europe and may dampen the outlook for an even-faster U.S. recovery. Unrest in Eastern Europe and the Middle East may deter new investments in those regions. Should U.S. interest rates begin to rise, emerging markets could experience increased market and currency volatility. The regulatory environment also continues to be challenging, although the Federal Reserve has suggested that a tiered approach to regulating banks of different sizes may make more sense than the current broad-based approach. This would be a positive development.
letter to shareholders
6 | 2014 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS | NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION

ORGANIZATIONAL CHANGES
Last year, we made a number of changes to our organizational structure to position us for faster growth and expand the experience of our talented leaders. Bill Morrison remains President, heading our client-facing businesses – Corporate & Institutional Services, Wealth Management and Asset Management. Effective September 1, 2014, Jana Schreuder became Chief Operating Officer responsible for enabling
our businesses to grow faster, more efficiently and more profitably. Steve Fradkin, who formerly led Corporate & Institutional Services, took over as head of Wealth Management. Mike O’Grady, our former Chief Financial Officer, replaced him. Biff Bowman became our Chief Financial Officer, and we welcomed Gill Pembleton to Northern Trust’s Management Group, replacing Biff as head of Human Resources. Susan Levy, formerly Managing Partner of Jenner & Block, joined as General Counsel, replacing Kelly Welsh, who became General Counsel of the U.S. Department of Commerce. We thank Kelly for his many years of leadership and contributions to the success of Northern Trust and wish him well in his new role. Finally, Bob Browne, Chief Investment Officer, and Pete Cherecwich, head of Global Fund Services, were added to the Management Group, reflecting their significant roles and tremendous leadership contributions to date.
GROWTH, STRENGTH AND CLIENT COMMITMENT
We were proud to celebrate the rich history and success of Northern Trust in 2014 – a year of continued growth and progress in our businesses. Great thanks go to our people who continue working tirelessly every day to meet and exceed our clients’ – and our own – expectations. Northern Trust partners provide differentiated service, deep expertise and unfailing integrity in everything they do. I am very proud of our people and the work they produce on behalf of our shareholders.
A company does not stay in business for 125 years if its clients don’t value it. We are fortunate to work with the world’s most sophisticated individuals, families and institutional investors, who look each day to Northern Trust for solutions to their financial needs. Our clients, who expect us always to act in their best interests, are our greatest assets. We thank them for the honor of serving them another year.
Finally, I want to thank our shareholders for your continued support of Northern Trust and our businesses. For 125 years, we have worked on your behalf to build and lead a company that capitalizes on opportunities to grow. A company that exhibits the financial strength to weather both good and bad times. And a business that operates with only the highest standards of integrity. That’s what Byron L. Smith expected when he founded Northern Trust in 1889. That’s what we still do today. I’m sure he would be proud.
FREDERICK H. WADDELL
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER FEBRUARY 26, 2015
letter to shareholders
8 | 2014 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS | NORTHERN TRUST CORPORATION
