 tO Our stOckHOlDers
 5
  Daniel r. Dimicco chairman, President and chief executive Officer
fellow stockholders:
We are pleased to report that for the third consecutive year, Nucor has set a record for earnings performance. for 2006, Nucor earned $1.76 billion ($5.68 per diluted share),
an increase of 34% over 2005’s net earnings of $1.31 billion ($4.13 per diluted share). Our return on equity was 39%, marking our third consecutive year of returns topping 30%. Our rOe was 34% in 2005 and 39% in 2004.
Over the past three years, cumulative net income was more than $4.1 billion and cumulative cash provided by operations was more than $5.4 billion.
This performance allowed us to continue to reward our stockholders through increased and special dividends, stock repurchases, and stock appreciation of 64%
in 2006. Nucor’s dividends paid have increased more than nine-fold since 2003.
We have raised our base dividend each year, and in December, we declared our eighth consecutive supplemental dividend. In 2006 we paid out $578 million in dividends.
Since reactivating our share repurchase program in the second quarter of 2005, Nucor has repurchased approximately 22.8 million shares of its common stock. Terry Lisenby, our Chief Financial Officer,
has details in his letter.
Consistent with our culture’s core value of taking care of our customers (stockholders, employees and purchasers of our products), we are strongly focused on generating attractive returns for our stockholders. The Nucor team’s record-setting performance is easy to explain. It is being driven by the stellar performance of our people and by the disciplined execution of our strategy for growing Nucor’s long-term earnings power and increasing returns on our stockholders' valuable capital.
Over the past six years, we have focused on continually improving operations, expanding Nucor’s platform for generating earnings and strengthening Nucor’s position as North America’s most diversified producer of steel and steel products.
The composition of our sales tons for 2006 was 38% sheet, 29% bars, 15% beams, 11% plate and 7% downstream. Nucor’s product line diversity is important, because our short-term performance is not tied to the health of any one steel product market. In January 2007, we took a major step in strengthening our downstream business by agreeing to acquire Harris Steel Group, Inc. ("Harris Steel"), a fabricator of rebar and other products. The Harris Steel acquisition, the largest in Nucor’s history, is valued at approximately $1.07 billion and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2007.
During 2006, our results benefited from a strong recovery in flat-roll products, further fueled by continued robust growth
in our bar, beam, plate and downstream businesses. The fourth quarter saw an erosion of margins, particularly in flat-rolled sheet, due to a record high level of imports and overstocked customer inventories. Fortunately, the consolidation of the steel industry worldwide led to disciplined production during this period, resulting in a higher trough for pricing than the last inventory adjustment. We expect these inventories to correct to more balanced levels in early 2007. Critical to this correction will
be a significant reduction of the record import levels of 2006.
Our work implementing the strategic growth plan has greatly expanded Nucor’s platform for generating earnings. As you’ve heard us say many times over the past six years, the keys to executing this strategy have been and remain: First, we will optimize existing operations. Second, we will pursue strategic acquisitions. Third, we will continue greenfield growth, exploring new technologies and other unique marketplace opportunities where we can demonstrate a major cost advantage over the competition. And fourth, we will grow globally through joint ventures that leverage new technologies.
A multi-pronged growth strategy, along with our unrivaled financial strength, allows us to be patient and to go where the growth opportunities are at any point in time. The Nucor team has very effectively implemented this growth strategy, and this work has positioned Nucor to generate higher highs and higher lows through the economic and steel market cycles. Our results prove my point.
 
 6
maNaGemeNt’s DiscussiON aND aNalYsis Of fiNaNcial cONDitiON aND results Of OPeratiONs
Here are just a few examples of how we implemented our strategy in 2006.
• We announced plans, ordered equipment, and started reconstruction on a special bar quality product ("SBQ") steel mill in Memphis, Tennessee. This growth project provides our Bar Mill Group an exciting opportunity to capitalize
on a significantly better cost structure compared with key competitors in the SBQ market, both domestic and foreign. Our SBQ mills' continuous casting technology will allow us to produce large blooms that have a minimum 5 to 1 reduction ratio to final product. Nucor will be one of a very limited number of producers globally with this capability. At the same time, our new mill will be building on the SBQ market success of our Nebraska and South Carolina bar mills.
• Our Sheet Mill Group began construction of our fourth galvanizing facility, to be located in our Decatur, Alabama, mill.
• We announced plans and began construction of our fourth metal building systems plant, in Brigham City, Utah. The 45,000-tons annual capacity facility will expand our Building Systems Group’s total capacity to approximately 200,000 tons.
• Construction moved ahead on our second Castrip® production facility at Nucor-Yamato Steel in Arkansas. We expect production will start up in the fall of 2008. Meanwhile, our original Castrip facility in Indiana set monthly shipping records and began serving our first contract customers for Castrip products. The facility uses proprietary technology to directly cast sheet steel into final shape and thickness, a process that consumes much less energy than alternative methods.
• We acquired the assets of the western U.S. steel floor and roof decking maker Verco Manufacturing Company for $180 million, boosting our annual deck capacity to more than 500,000 tons, and giving us a market-leading position across the entire country.
• We acquired the assets of Connecticut Steel Corporation for a cash purchase price of $43.9 million, adding annual capacity of approximately 300,000 tons of wire rod and rebar and 85,000 tons of wire and structural mesh fabrication to our product mix.
• We negotiated the agreement to acquire Harris Steel, our largest acquisition ever.
It is worth remembering that prior to the onset of our strategic plan implementation, our previous record for annual net earnings was $311 million in 2000. This past year, we exceeded $311 million in every quarter. We believe Nucor is well positioned to continue delivering attractive returns to our stockholders through the economic and steel market cycles, no matter what the challenge.
We know a new challenge is always waiting around the corner. One of the critical challenges we face is developing new sources of iron to supply our value-added product mix and to add an element of stability in the volatile pricing for our raw materials. I’m pleased to say we made excellent progress on three projects designed to help meet this challenge.
During 2006, we transitioned from start-up to full production in two facilities. The Ferro Gusa Carajás ("FGC") venture we launched in Brazil with Companhia Vale de Rio Doce ("CVRD") has been running both furnaces since mid-2006. Through year-end, FGC shipped 208,000 tons of pig iron to Nucor’s steel mills. In addition, our direct reduced iron ("DRI") plant in Trinidad began production in the fourth quarter of 2006 and has been successfully performance-tested at 220 tons per hour, with all key metrics significantly better than plan. This facility will have an annual capacity of 2.0 million tons of DRI. Our Nu-Iron team has done an outstanding job on this project, and we expect this DRI facility to be an increasingly important strategic asset, supporting our growth plans.
Our HIsmelt® joint venture with Rio Tinto in Australia has been operating continuously through much of the second half of 2006. The HIsmelt plant produces pig iron without using coke through an energy-efficient, low-emissions process. In 2006, Nucor received one shipment of 40,000 tons of pig iron from HIsmelt. Other shipments have been made
by HIsmelt to customers in Asia.

 maNaGemeNt’s DiscussiON aND aNalYsis Of fiNaNcial cONDitiON aND results Of OPeratiONs
In 2006 we continued to improve upon our solid environmental performance. We have made excellent progress towards our goal of being fully ISO 14001 certified, with 83% of our operations having achieved this milestone. We also have been very active in our efforts to increase our energy efficiency by participating in the Climate Vision program. This program is aimed
at achieving voluntary reductions in greenhouse gas emissions by improving energy efficiency. Since 2002 our energy intensity has improved approximately 16%. Putting this statistic in perspective, our efforts now annually save enough energy and reduce associated environmental emissions in quantities sufficient to offset all energy and environmental emissions
for nearly 20% of our steel production.
Entering 2007, our industry continues to face the challenge of global over-capacity. We have already seen a negative earnings impact from this oversupply issue, as record levels of finished steel imports finally caught up with demand in late 2006. This oversupply resulted in bloated customer inventories and a subsequent slowing of orders as our customers started to work down their inventories.
As a crucial part of our efforts to optimize existing operations, Nucor is taking care of our customers by building grass-root support for enforcement of our nation’s trade laws. We must not only support, we must also strengthen the backbone of America’s economy – our manufacturing sector. Free trade depends on countries playing by the rules, not distorting or outright ignoring them. China, a country where the steel industry is heavily subsidized or outright owned by the government, and where new capacity is built without consideration of the market demand or market dynamics for that capacity, is the most serious abuser
of the rules. This abuse has resulted in China becoming the largest exporter to the world, and in particular, to the United States. China is in direct violation of its World Trade Organization agreements on industry subsidization, and it must and will be held accountable. As always, the Nucor team is applying our “can do” attitude and energy level to address these challenges.
This “can do” spirit of Nucor people is part of our critical competitive advantage: We put the right people in the right culture. We reward strong performance, treat people fairly and honestly, communicate openly with them, make communicating easy up and down the organization, give them an avenue of appeal if they feel they are not being treated fairly, encourage them
to take appropriate risks, offer them a stake in the business, allow them to make mistakes and learn from them, and hold them accountable for being a contributing part of our Team.
The Nucor culture is a critical, sustainable competitive advantage. Let me share just one exciting example with you. Look at our team’s performance at our Tuscaloosa, Alabama, plate mill. When we acquired the plant in 2004, the mill’s rated annual capacity was 800,000 tons – which is 20 percent more than it had ever achieved under the previous owner. Last year, without any significant capital spending to expand melting or rolling capacity, the Nucor Steel-Tuscaloosa team shipped more than 1 million tons, as well as paid back our original investment several times over. The best news is that Tuscaloosa’s team isn’t satisfied. They expect to do better – just as we all do at Nucor.
The 11,900 men and women of Nucor are working safely, working hard, working smart, and working together to take care of our customers. Our team’s journey is that of climbing a mountain with no peak. We view the results we have achieved at this point as just the initial payoff from our growth strategy. The Nucor Team is excited by both the challenge and the reality that our best years are still ahead of us.
We are doing it Together!
Daniel R. DiMicco
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  7

 8
 terry s. lisenby
chief financial Officer, treasurer and executive Vice President
 m a N m a a G N e ma G e e N m t ’ e s N D t ’ i s s c D u i s s c s u i O s N s i O a N N D a a N N D a a l Y N s a i l s Y s O i f s f O i N f a f N i N c a i a N l c c i a O l N c D O i t N i O D N i t i a O N N D a r N e D s u r l e t s s u l O t f s O O P f e r O a P t e i r O a N t s i O N s
Nucor’s net sales for 2006 were a record $14.75 billion, an increase of 16% from $12.70 billion in 2005. Net earnings were a record $1.76 billion ($5.68 per diluted share), an increase of 34% over $1.31 billion ($4.13 per diluted share) earned in 2005. this is the third consecutive year Nucor has achieved record sales and earnings as well as many other record performance levels.
This outstanding performance trend reflects our focus on the disciplined execution of our strategic growth plan, combined with continued strong global demand for basic commodities. Our investments in existing operations together with greenfield projects and acquisitions have practically doubled our hot rolled steel production capacity from 13 million tons in 2000,
to over 25 million tons today. In 2006, we continued our focus on strategic growth with the announcement of several major investment projects culminating in January 2007, when Nucor announced an agreement to acquire Harris Steel Group, Inc, for a cash purchase price of about $1.07 billion. Through these efforts, we are determined to deliver the continuing promise that Nucor's best years are still ahead of us.
Nucor’s utilization rate in 2006 was approximately 88% of production capacity (an average of all operating facilities), reflecting improved market conditions through most of 2006. This stable market combined with continued growth helped Nucor achieve new records
in 2006 for steel production, total steel shipments and steel sales to outside customers. Steel production in 2006 increased 10% to 22,382,000 tons, compared with 20,332,000 tons in 2005. Total steel shipments improved 8% to 22,346,000 tons, compared with 20,669,000 tons a year earlier. Steel shipments to outside customers increased 9% to 20,649,000 tons, compared with 19,020,000 tons in 2005. Nucor also achieved gains in the steel products segments as steel joist production was 570,000 tons in 2006, compared with 554,000 tons in 2005. Steel deck sales increased to a record 398,000 tons in 2006, compared with 380,000 tons in 2005. Cold finished steel sales decreased to 327,000 tons in 2006, compared with 342,000 tons sold in 2005. Building systems sales were a record 116,000 tons in 2006, compared with 114,000 tons a year earlier.
Nucor’s success is built upon sound business fundamentals, including conservative financial and accounting practices and plain language, easy-to-understand financial reporting. We have a simple capital structure with no off-balance sheet liabilities. Cash
flow from operations was a record $2.25 billion for 2006 compared to last year’s record performance of $2.14 billion, as earnings growth more than offset increased working capital relating to higher sales prices and scrap costs. At the end of 2006, Nucor’s cash and short-term investments reached $2.20 billion, despite record spending on growth investments, dividend payments and stock repurchases. Debt to total capital was reduced to less than 16%. We remain committed to maintaining a strong financial position and view our industry-high credit rating as a competitive advantage in a globally consolidating industry.
The Nucor team is focused on generating shareholder value, and we have increased our dividend every year since we began
paying dividends in 1973. In 2006, Nucor announced two increases to its quarterly base dividend and quarterly supplemental dividend, resulting in dividend payments increasing from $209.8 million in 2005 to $577.8 million in 2006. Cumulatively, Nucor increased the dividend payment from $0.325 per share in the first quarter of 2006 to $0.60 per share ($0.10 base and $0.50 supplemental) in both the third and fourth quarters of 2006. In addition, Nucor has declared a total dividend of $0.61
per share ($0.11 base and $0.50 supplemental) payable in May 2007 to stockholders of record on March 31, 2007. In 2006 Nucor repurchased 11.7 million shares of common stock for a total cash purchase price of $599.4 million, or about $51 per share. Since we reactivated our stock repurchase program in the second quarter of 2005, we have repurchased 22.8 million shares
for a total cash purchase price of $890.7 million, or about $39 per share.
While we are enjoying our recent success, we remain excited about the future. The 11,900 men and women of Nucor remain committed to generating even more shareholder value as we work together taking care of our customers and growing our company. We believe Nucor is well positioned for another very good year in 2007.
Sincerely,
Terry S. Lisenby
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President
  
 maNaGemeNt’s DiscussiON aND aNalYsis Of fiNaNcial cONDitiON aND results Of OPeratiONs
  Peter c. Browning lead Director
in recognition of the extraordinary leadership he has provided since becoming Nucor’s chief executive Officer in 2000, Nucor’s board of directors voted to give Dan Dimicco the additional role of chairman during the may 2006 annual meeting.
As a consequence, my role has changed from Non-Executive Chairman to Lead Director. In that new role, my responsibilities include helping Dan, as Chairman, to set the board meeting agenda, facilitating the regular meeting of the board’s independent directors, and, as needed, serving as the board’s liaison with Dan.
The board was not the only group that recognized the excellent work of Nucor’s top management. For the third consecutive year, Dan was selected as Chief Executive Officer of the Year in the Metals and Mining category by Institutional Investor magazine. The award, voted on by the nation’s leading institutional investors, recognizes the exceptional leadership of not only Dan, but also the entire Nucor executive team.
That leadership was pivotal in 2006, as Nucor dealt with a large number of challenges
and opportunities, including record imports (particularly from China), industry consolidation, strategic acquisitions, major investments in new and existing facilities and early-phase operations in scrap-
substitute ventures.
In this challenging environment, the entire Nucor team of 11,900 people continued to implement and execute the consistent growth strategy that has led the company to record earnings in each of the past three years. The board looks forward to continuing to support the company in the implementation of its successful strategy in 2007.
Sincerely,
Peter C. Browning Lead Director
  9
