 4
 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
Fellow Stockholders:
One of the greatest reasons for Nucor’s success is our culture, and a core element of our culture is seizing opportunities. Throughout our history, Nucor and its teammates have seized the opportunities that challenging market conditions create. That was true again in 2015, when global steel markets provided plenty of challenges. Production overcapacity, particularly in China, plagued the entire industry. For the American steel market, that meant a flood of steel imports that negatively impacted production and prices. As a result, Nucor’s financial results were down from the previous year. While that is disappointing, Nucor is focused on seizing the opportunities we have in front of us. I am extremely proud of the Nucor team and the performance they achieved in one of the toughest steel markets in decades.
Our success begins with being safe, and I want to thank my 23,700 teammates at Nucor, Harris Steel, David J. Joseph, Duferdofin, NuMit Steel Technologies and Skyline Steel for their commitment to working safely. Thank you for your commitment to being sustainable by driving down costs while reducing emissions and increasing our energy efficiency. Nucor continues to be North America’s largest recycler, converting 16.9 million tons of scrap steel into new steel products in 2015.
Nucor’s performance in this difficult market positions us very well for the future. We made tremendous progress executing our company’s strategy for long-term profitable growth. This strategy, which I will detail on the next page, includes five growth drivers that highlight where we are directing our energies to build long-term earnings power and provide our shareholders with attractive returns on their valuable capital. In 2015, this strategy began to bear fruit. Despite the down market, Nucor continued to generate profits and outperform our peers.
Financial Highlights
In 2015, Nucor earned $357.7 million, or $1.11 per diluted share, compared with consolidated net earnings of $713.9 million, or $2.22 per diluted share, in 2014. High levels of steel imports put downward pressure on prices and depressed capacity utilization rates.
Consolidated net sales decreased 22% to $16.44 billion compared with $21.11 billion in 2014. Total tons shipped to outside customers decreased. The average scrap and scrap substitute cost per ton used decreased 29% to $270 from $381.
Even with the weak market conditions in 2015, several Nucor business groups saw improved performance over the prior year, including our bar and structural steel divisions and our steel products group. Unfortunately, significant market headwinds resulted in lower performance for our sheet and plate divisions compared to 2014.
At the end of the year, the Board of Directors elected to increase the regular quarterly cash dividend on our common stock from $0.3725 to $0.375 per share. This marks 43 consecutive years that the Board has voted to increase the base cash dividend. Nucor has made 171 consecutive quarterly cash dividend payments. Total return on invested capital from 2005 through the end of 2015 was 13%.
The company generated robust operating cash flow. Cash provided by operations was $2.16 billion, a substantial increase from 2014 operating cash flow of $1.34 billion. We ended the year with a strong balance sheet. Cash and short-term investments totaled $2.04 billion dollars. Adding to Nucor’s strong liquidity, our $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility is undrawn, and it does not mature until August 2018.
Imports Weigh Down U.S. Steel Market
Finished imports last year captured 29% market share, the second consecutive year that figure was at a historically high level. While imports were down slightly from 2014, they were still 27% higher than they were in 2013. Globally, China’s record level of steel exports reverberated across the entire industry with Chinese steel displacing steel products in local markets, causing a domino effect on trade flows. China exported 123 million net tons of steel in 2015. To put that number into perspective, China exported more steel than the U.S. and Canada produced combined.
  John J. Ferriola Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
  NUCOR’S FOCUS ON MOVING UP THE VALUE CHAIN AND ACHIEVING COMMERCIAL EXCELLENCE ARE PARTICULARLY IMPORTANT IN OUR EFFORTS TO GROW OUR MARKET SHARE IN THE AUTOMOTIVE SECTOR, WHICH CONTINUES TO BE ONE OF THE STRONGEST MARKETS FOR STEELMAKERS.
 
 In the face of these high levels of imports, U.S. steel prices dropped and capacity utilization industry-wide fell to 71% for the year. For Nucor, operating rates at our steel mills dropped to 68%. In the face of this tough market, I am pleased to report that Nucor is growing stronger and thriving compared to our peers.
Five Drivers to Profitable Growth
What accounts for Nucor’s ability to successfully navigate weak steel market conditions? It starts with our focus on executing a long-term strategy. At the heart of our strategy are Nucor’s five drivers to profitable growth. The five drivers are:
1. Strengthen our position as a low cost producer.
2. Move up the value chain by expanding our capabilities to produce higher quality, more import resistant products.
3. Expand our downstream channels to market to increase our steel mills’ base volume load, especially in weak markets. 4. Achieve the market leadership position in every product line in our portfolio.
5. Achieve commercial excellence to complement our traditional operational strength.
In 2015, our company started to realize the benefits of this strategy across our divisions. Here are just a few examples:
Our Nucor-Yamato Steel mill in Arkansas is having great success in the marketplace with its new, wider piling sections. Producing wider sections was made possible by a $115 million expansion project completed in 2014. These value-added products, which are lighter and stronger, allow the Nucor-Yamato team to aggressively go after this market. Our goal over the next several years
is to grow our annual volume of wider piling sections to 100,000 tons, with these value-added tons generating above-average profitability. Nucor-Yamato will build on its success in 2016 when it completes the installation of a $75 million quench and self-tempering process. This investment also moves us up the value chain by giving the mill the capability to produce A913 structural sections with high-strength, low-alloy grade chemistry.
Producing more value-added products is not the only driver to profitable growth Nucor-Yamato is utilizing. Their success is also driven by the market leadership position they hold in structural steel products, as well as the strong channels to market they have been able to realize through our Skyline Steel piling distribution business, which we acquired back in 2012.
Recent investments at our Nucor Steel Berkeley sheet mill in South Carolina are resulting in solid performance despite dreadful conditions in the flat-rolled market. The Berkeley team is capitalizing on its investments in vacuum degassing and upgrades to its caster and hot mill. Berkeley now has the lightest hot-rolled gauge capability of any sheet mill in the southern U.S. market, with a finished steel capability of up to 74 inches. In 2015, Berkeley shipped 160,000 tons of wider sheet products, with a long-term goal of increasing shipments to 400,000 tons. The wide-light modernization project is allowing Berkeley to gain new business in a range of end-use markets, including metal buildings, railcars, water heaters, automotive, heavy equipment and water transmission pipe.
While the flat-rolled market is particularly challenged by the flood of imports, the mill’s execution of our five drivers to profitable growth is enabling the Berkeley team to find success through a combination of its diverse product mix, first-rate technical capabilities and excellent relationships with its customers.
Nucor’s focus on moving up the value chain and achieving commercial excellence are particularly important in our efforts to grow our market share in the automotive sector, which continues to be one of the strongest markets for steelmakers. U.S. auto sales hit a record of 17.5 million vehicles in 2015, eclipsing the previous record set back in 2000. Our investments targeting the automotive sector include expanding our value-added product offerings, such as lighter-weight, high-strength steels and special bar quality products, which allow Nucor to sell into markets for exposed, crankshaft and drivetrain applications.
We are also working to broaden our relationships with automakers. To that end, we have opened a sales office in Detroit to better facilitate our relationships with automotive customers. Our efforts are paying off. Nucor’s shipping rate into the automotive market increased by 20% in 2015 versus 2014 to a rate of 1.4 million tons per year. We are very encouraged by the volume of business we are being awarded on future automotive platforms. We remain optimistic about reaching our goal of two million tons in annual shipments. Our automotive customers appreciate Nucor’s reliability, sustainability and financial strength.
 5
 OUR FIVE DRIVERS TO PROFITABLE GROWTH ARE PRODUCING RESULTS. THIS STRATEGY ACKNOWLEDGES THE CHANGES OCCURRING IN THE STEEL MARKET, WHILE TAKING ADVANTAGE OF WELL-ESTABLISHED NUCOR STRENGTHS, LIKE OUR POSITION AS A LOW-COST PRODUCER AND OUR HISTORY OF INNOVATION.
 
 6
Another bright spot was the improved performance of our downstream businesses. All three major fabricated construction products – joists and decking, fabricated rebar and metal buildings – achieved very strong profit growth year-over-year driven by lower steel costs. Combined backlogs at Vulcraft, Verco, Harris Steel and our building systems businesses increased and are the strongest they have been in a ten-year period. Our downstream businesses are also providing another benefit by helping establish strong channels to market, which gives our steel mills the opportunity to earn a base level of volume. Steel mill shipments to internal customers increased from 11% in 2008 to 14% in 2015.
Our five drivers to profitable growth are producing results. This strategy acknowledges the changes occurring in the steel market, while taking advantage of well-established Nucor strengths, like our position as a low-cost producer and our history of innovation. Today, we are the market leader in nine of the eleven markets in North America in which we compete. We will not be satisfied until we are the market leader in all eleven. We are moving up the value chain, benefiting from strong channels to market and continually improving how we serve our customers.
Aggressively Fighting Back Against Unfair Trade
While we are focused on executing our strategy for long-term profitable growth, we are not sitting idly by as unfairly traded imports continue to come into the U.S. market. We are aggressively fighting back. Last year, Nucor and the entire steel industry scored a significant victory when Congress passed legislation strengthening our nation’s trade laws. These important changes to trade law enforcement will help us fight back more effectively against the surge of illegally dumped and subsidized imports. These changes were long overdue. Our trade laws had not been updated in more than 20 years. While these new trade laws alone will not solve the serious issues facing the U.S. steel industry due to systemic steel overcapacity overseas, they do put us in a much stronger position to hold foreign governments and steel producers accountable for violating trade laws.
Nucor has also joined other U.S. steel companies in filing trade cases for several flat-rolled products, including corrosion-resistant, hot-rolled and cold-rolled steel. The International Trade Commission has made preliminary determinations of injury in all three cases, allowing the investigations to proceed. Nucor will continue to assess market conditions in other product areas and pursue cases when appropriate.
Staying Focused
Being the most diversified steel and steel products company in North America was a real asset to Nucor in 2015. We are pleased with the early results we are seeing from the execution of our five drivers to profitable growth, but we know more work needs to be done.
China’s economic slowdown, coupled with its massive amount of steel production overcapacity, means that high levels of imports will likely burden the steel industry again in 2016. At Nucor, we will continue to focus on controlling what we can control. While current market conditions have put others in a defensive mode, fighting to survive, Nucor has been on the offensive and growing stronger. In 2016, we will remain on the offensive.
Let me conclude by saying thank you to our stockholders for your confidence and your support. Thank you to our customers. We truly appreciate your business. We know that without you there would be no Nucor. And, thank you to my Nucor teammates for creating value for our customers, generating attractive returns for our stockholders and building a sustainable future for all of us. And most importantly, thank you for doing it safely.
Sincerely,
John J. Ferriola
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
 
Fellow Stockholders:
2015 proved to be a very challenging year for steel companies throughout the world. However, in my view Nucor managed the situation very well, outperforming our peers, optimizing profit opportunities and generating very robust cash flow. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the entire Nucor team for their dedication, focus and hard work in a tough environment.
Nucor has always delivered and continues to deliver tactical excellence in the near term, while focusing on those actions and adjustments that are necessary for achieving our maximum long-term value. In 2015, the company made excellent progress executing on our strategy to keep existing facilities very well maintained, support those actions required to enable our existing businesses to achieve their full potential and invest in new opportunities that are strategically attractive.
In 2015, the Board was pleased to welcome Laurette Koellner as our newest member. Laurette brings a wealth of international and financial expertise from her extensive and very diverse experience with McDonnell Douglas, Boeing and AIG. Laurette also currently serves on the boards of Celestica, Papa John’s International and The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company.
We look forward to Laurette’s future contributions to Nucor.
In 2016, Harvey Gantt will be leaving the Nucor Board after 17 years of dedicated service. As principal partner of Gantt Huberman Architects and former mayor of Charlotte, North Carolina, Harvey has brought unique and invaluable experience and savvy to the Nucor Board. We will miss Harvey’s contributions, his loyalty and dedication to Nucor and his friendship. We wish him the very best.
In keeping with Nucor’s tradition and as part of our focus on shareholder return, in 2015 the Board of Directors voted to increase our base dividend for the 43rd consecutive year.
Nucor remains focused on creating maximum value for our shareholders, customers, teammates and all our stakeholders. We appreciate the confidence and trust you have placed in the Board, the management team, all 23,700 Nucor teammates and the investment you have made in Nucor.
Raymond J. Milchovich Lead Director
  Raymond J. Milchovich
Lead Director
  7
