4TO OuR STOCKHOLDERS
    Daniel R. DiMicco
Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Fellow stockholders:
I have previously discussed with you our strategic plan, which aims to generate higher profits in both the high and low periods of our cyclical industry. After working hard to be one
of America’s few steel companies to earn a profit during the down cycle earlier this decade, I’m pleased to tell you we posted our second consecutive record year of earnings in 2005. Helped by the first expansion in commercial construction in five years, Nucor earned $1.1 billion, up 17% from 2004 (and more than four times our record from the most recent previous economic peak, $10.9 million in 2000). Diluted earnings per share rose 18% to $8.26. Our return on equity was .9%, exceeding our goal of 14%.
The numbers don’t tell the full story. Our 11,300 employees worked together to make significant progress on our plan, overcoming several challenges to position us for continued success as we move through the next economic cycle.
Challenges. We faced a number of challenges in 2005, including declining flat-rolled spot pricing, spiking energy prices and market disruptions for important raw materials.
The decline in flat-rolled spot pricing highlights the importance and strength of Nucor’s position as America’s most diverse steel and steel products manufacturer. Through each stage of economic and steel market cycles, relatively better conditions in some markets have cushioned the impact of more severe conditions in other markets. In 2004, the success of our flat-rolled business, along with a strong performance from our plate business, helped drive record earnings for our company. This past year, as our flat-rolled business faced tougher market conditions, we had particularly strong results from our Bar Mill Group, along with continued strong performance from plate, beam, joist, deck, building systems, fasteners and rebar fabrication businesses.
In addition, our Sheet Mill Group had the foresight to lock in contract volume with attractive margins, somewhat insulating us from slipping spot prices. Please see our Operations Review later in this report for details.
After rising an average of 6% a year for the previous decade, energy prices jumped 30% in 2005, including a 48% increase
in the cost of natural gas. Nucor's total electricity and natural gas costs for 2005 were up $7 per ton over 2004. Since escalating energy costs are an unavoidable fact of life, we set about finding ways to reduce our exposure to this cost pressure. In October 2004, we began using derivative financial instruments to hedge a portion of our price risk related to natural gas purchases. As a result, we have hedged a significant portion of our projected domestic natural gas requirements out into 2007.
But that’s not all. Knowing that energy efficiency can be an increasingly critical cost advantage in the years ahead, we continue to make investments in this area. In 2005, we either completed or worked on upgrading reheat furnaces to more energy-efficient equipment at our bar mills in Auburn, New York; Plymouth, Utah; and Kankakee, Illinois. We also further developed our energy- efficient Castrip® technology. From liquid steel to cold-rolled products, the Castrip process consumes significantly less energy than both integrated facilities and our very energy-efficient thin slab mini-mill facilities.
Hurricane Katrina, one of the worst natural disasters ever to strike this country, disrupted some of our key supplies. Our team pulled together to share resources, seek alternate supplies and build our own hydrogen production facilities. These outstanding efforts allowed us to meet all of our commitments and take care of our customers. Not everyone in our industry was able
to accomplish this same feat. I am also proud to tell you that our company and employees provided $1.6 million in donations and emergency supplies, and countless hours of volunteer efforts, to help in the recovery from Katrina.
Strategic Plan. The keys to executing our strategy have been and remain: Optimize existing operations. Pursue strategic acquisitions. Continue greenfield growth via the commercialization of new technologies. Grow globally through joint ventures that leverage new technologies.

TO OuR STOCKHOLDER5S
  This past year we moved ahead quickly with our raw materials strategy. As the world’s largest consumer of scrap and substitutes, we believe it is critical to develop ample supplies of high-quality scrap substitutes to reduce the effect of fluctuations in scrap supplies and allow us to support growth opportunities in higher-quality grades. Thanks to the progress we made in 2005
on three projects, we expect to control at least 2.5 million metric tons of high-quality scrap substitutes by the end of 2006
– nearly halfway to our goal of controlling between six and seven million tons.
During 2005, our HIsmelt® joint venture with Rio Tinto and other partners completed construction of a facility in Western Australia that converts iron ore fines and coal fines to liquid metal. We are pleased with initial start-up operations and expect initial annual capacity to be 800,000 metric tons, expandable to over 1.5 million metric tons at an attractive capital cost per ton of incremental capacity. The team at HIsmelt is successfully navigating the new technology and remains focused
on resolving the production equipment challenges inherent in commercializing a new technology.
Our joint venture with CVRD, an environmentally friendly pig iron project in Brazil using cultivated eucalyptus trees as the charcoal source, began tapping hot metal on the first mini blast furnace in October. The first module is expected to utilize two conventional mini blast furnaces to produce 380,000 metric tons of pig iron annually, and the first blast furnace was operating at approximately 50% capacity by year’s end, as team members worked through initial training. The start-up of the second blast furnace originally scheduled for November was delayed and should be running as you read this.
We successfully relocated our direct reduced iron (“DRI”) operation from Louisiana to Trinidad, where we can take advantage of a low-cost, long-term supply of natural gas. Our team has completed more than 45% of construction in Trinidad and
is on schedule to begin operations in the fourth quarter of 2006 with an annual capacity of 1.8 million metric tons of DRI.
Our rebar fabrication joint ventures are also executing strategic growth plans for down-stream bar products. In the western
United States, Harris Steel, Inc., our joint venture with the Harris Steel Group, expanded operations in Seattle, Washington, opened new branches in Salt Lake City, Utah, and Reno, Nevada, and in January 2006, announced the acquisition of the Fresno, California assets of Franklin Reinforcing Steel Company, Inc. Nufab RebarTM, our joint venture with Ambassador Steel, acquired Lulich Steel with operations in Louisiana, Texas and Florida, and in January of this year announced the acquisition of Sunbelt Works, Inc. with operations in Texas, serving the south central regions of the U.S.
We completed two domestic acquisitions during the year. Our new Cold Finish division in Oak Creek, Wisconsin, and our new Bar Mill in Marion, Ohio, have been quickly integrated into our operations. I visited both divisions soon after our acquisitions
as part of my effort to meet with as many Nucor employees as I can on a regular basis. The people were impressive and excited to be part of Nucor, and yes, also apprehensive about the change. After talking to hundreds of new teammates, I left both operations with a great feeling about the contributions they will make to Nucor going forward.
In 2004, our Castrip team in Crawfordsville, Indiana, successfully commercialized revolutionary new technology to directly cast sheet steel into final shape and thickness. In 2005, the Crawfordsville team focused on improving product quality and product development, expanding the grades of steel that could be produced applying the Castrip technology. The team’s progress prompted us to announce a second Castrip facility, to be built at Nucor-Yamato Steel in Blytheville, Arkansas.
So as you can see, we made great strides forward in our strategic plan in 2005. More work remains to be done – there is no end to our effort to continually improve. We supported our growth strategy with our first true national branding campaign in 2005. Our research shows us that the campaign has significantly raised awareness of our company and what we stand for among the nation’s business leadership, reinforcing their understanding of Nucor as a growing, innovative leader in the steel industry.
We continue to improve our environmental performance. Our goal is to have ISO 14001 certified Environmental Management Systems in all of our operations by the end of 2007. This, combined with our already robust environmental performance, will only improve our position as the environmental leader in the steel industry.

6TO OuR STOCKHOLDERS
  America’s Manufacturing Crisis. As you know, we have been an advocate for Free/Fair trade policy for many years. The domestic steel industry operated for a long time with one hand tied behind our backs. While other governments subsidized and otherwise supported their steel manufacturers, we have had to compete with illegal imports and lax enforcement of trade laws. The federal government’s 2005 extensions of anti-dumping relief and the steel import monitoring and analysis system demonstrate the increased understanding of these issues.
In 2004, we broadened our message to call attention to the crisis that has hit manufacturing in this country. Since 1998, this country has lost more than three million manufacturing jobs – the backbone of our economy. Those jobs are not just statistics. They’re our neighbors and our customers. Our culture prompts us to respond quickly to any long-term threat to our business environment, from global overcapacity to scrap supplies, and once again we’ve taken action. In an effort to start a grassroots campaign to reverse this manufacturing job loss trend and spur our government to action, we began holding rallies called Town Hall Meetings in some of the towns where we do business.
In 2005, we began to see some encouraging results from our efforts. Attendance at our Town Hall Meetings has grown from
a few hundred in the beginning to as many as 5,000, including many workers from other companies – proof that our message is getting through. At least two of the meetings attracted coverage from national broadcast news networks. In June, the Senate created a bi-partisan Senate Manufacturing Caucus focused on exploring, publicizing and solving the problems facing American manufacturing. I’m encouraged by the response, and I will continue to speak out on this critical issue for our customers, our employees, our stockholders and our country. The grassroots message is spreading, with new champions joining us every day.
Looking Ahead – Opportunities and Risks. So far, 2006 looks to be another solid year for the economy – and Nucor. Commercial construction continues to rebound, while rises in interest rates appear to be moderating. Risks revolve around the level and pricing of imports into our market and whether they are traded in a legal and non-dumped fashion. The massive overcapacity buildup in China’s government-owned steel industry presents a risk not just to the U.S. market but to the world’s market for steel. We believe the Chinese government will act responsibly, but this serious threat still remains.
We have learned that in all phases of our economic cycle, we must continue to pursue our strategic plan and our goal to take care of the customer by being the safest, highest quality, lowest cost, most productive and most profitable steel producer in the world. We will accomplish this while being cultural and environmental leaders in the communities where we live and work. And we will accomplish all this by working together as a Team.
The focus of our 11,300 employees on that goal helped make 2005 a record year for us, and I’m confident we will maintain that critical focus in 2006. Our executive team here in Charlotte sends a BIG THANK YOU to all 11,300 teammates around the Company, and to you, our stockholders for all your support and accomplishments in 2005. Nucor’s best years are still ahead of us!
Let’s Continue to Do It TOGETHER.
Daniel R. DiMicco
Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  
 Nucor’s net sales for 2005 were a record $12.70 billion, an increase of 12% from $11.8 billion in 2004. Net earnings were a record $1.1 billion, an increase of 17% over $1.12 billon earned in 2004. Although Nucor has a long history of excellent financial performance, 2004 and 2005 have truly been break-out years.
This exceptional performance has been the result of the successful implementation
of our strategic plan, combined with very good market conditions. Our investments
in existing operations together with acquisitions have increased hot rolled steel production capacity from 13 million tons in 2000, to almost 25 million tons today. Metal margin, the spread between selling prices and scrap costs, remained strong as the raw material surcharge implemented in 2004 continued to mitigate the impact of scrap price volatility.
Nucor’s utilization rate in 2005 was approximately 82% of production capacity (an average of all operating facilities), reflecting demand softness in the early part of 2005. In spite of this early softness, a strengthening in our core commercial
construction markets helped Nucor achieve new records in 2005 for steel production, total steel shipments and steel sales
to outside customers. Steel production in 2005 increased 3% to 20,332,000 tons, compared with 19,737,000 tons in 2004. Total steel shipments improved 6% to 20,669,000 tons, compared with 19,464,000 tons a year earlier. Steel shipments
to outside customers increased 7% to 19,020,000 tons, compared with 17,787,000 tons in 2004. Nucor also achieved gains in the steel products segments as steel joist production was 554,000 tons in 2005, compared with 522,000 tons in 2004. Steel deck sales increased to a record 380,000 tons in 2005, compared with 364,000 tons in 2004. Cold finished steel sales increased to a record 342,000 tons in 2005, compared with 271,000 tons in 2004. Building systems sales were
a record 114,000 tons in 2005, compared with 113,000 tons a year earlier.
Nucor’s success is built upon sound business fundamentals, including conservative financial and accounting practices and plain language, easy-to-understand financial reporting. We have a simple capital structure with no off-balance sheet liabilities. Cash flow from operations of $2.14 billion for 2005 eclipsed last year’s record performance of $1.02 billion. At the end
of 2005, Nucor’s cash and short-term investments reached $1.84 billion, while debt to total capital was reduced to less than 18%. We remain committed to maintaining a strong financial position and view our industry-high credit rating as a competitive advantage in a globally consolidating industry.
The Nucor team is focused on generating shareholder value, and we have increased our dividend every year since we began paying dividends in 1973. In 2005, Nucor increased its base dividend and paid quarterly supplemental dividends, resulting in dividend payments tripling from $69.7 million in 2004 to $209.8 million in 2005. Nucor increased the dividend payment from $0.40 per share in the fourth quarter of 2005 to $0.65 per share ($0.15 base and $0.50 supplemental) in the first quarter of 2006. In addition, Nucor has declared a total dividend of $0.70 per share ($0.20 base and $0.50 supplemental) payable in May 2006 to stockholders of record on March 31, 2006.
Although we are pleased with our recent performance, we are never satisfied. The 11,300 men and women of Nucor remain committed to working together, taking care of our customers and generating even more shareholder value. We believe Nucor is well positioned for another very good year in 2006.
Sincerely,
Terry S. Lisenby
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President
Terry S. Lisenby
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President
TO OuR STOCKHOLDER7S
    
8TO OuR STOCKHOLDERS
   Peter C. Browning Non-Executive Chairman
The year 2005 proved to be another period of extraordinary and dynamic change and challenge for the global steel market: Consolidation, continued growth in China’s demand, volatile input costs. Amidst this turbulence, Nucor recorded its second consecutive record earnings year.
It’s easy to see success in a strong year like 2005. What may be more difficult
to appreciate is the thoughtful strategy and hard work effected by the company’s leadership – including all 11,300 members of the Nucor team over the past five years – who have helped bring about these results.
As a result of this strong performance, for the second consecutive year, in addition
to the regular dividend declared for the 132nd consecutive quarter, the board of directors declared a supplemental dividend. The board also approved the purchase of up to 10 million shares of common stock upon completion of the previously authorized buyback program. To recognize the continuing strong contribution of the entire Nucor team,
the board approved management’s request to award Nucor employees (excluding senior officers) a year-end special bonus of $2,000, along with another record year of profit sharing.
On behalf of the board, we would like to congratulate Nucor’s leadership and outstanding team of 11,300 employees
for a job well done – and for all the work in previous years that contributed to the success of 2005 and continued success moving forward.
Sincerely,
Peter C. Browning Non-Executive Chairman
  