 tO Our stOckhOlDErs
 3
   Financial Highlights
Daniel r. Dimicco chairman, President and chief Executive Officer
James D. frias
chief financial Officer, treasurer and Executive Vice President
In 2009, Nucor posted a net loss of $293.6 million, or $0.94 per diluted share, compared with record net earnings of $1.83 billion, or $5.98 per diluted share, in 2008. Consolidated net sales fell 53% to $11.19 billion from a record $23.66 billion in 2008. Cash flow from operations for 2009 fell 53% to $1.18 billion from a record $2.50 billion in 2008. Cash and short term investments at the end of 2009 were $2.24 billion, compared with $2.36 billion last year-end.
Our financial results in 2009 included higher costs from the consumption of expensive pig iron inventories at our sheet mills during the first three quarters of 2009. These inventories were purchased prior to the collapse in the economy and raw materials pricing. The impact was approximately $420 million, or $0.85 per diluted share after taxes.
Despite the difficult year, Nucor remains financially strong, allowing our board of directors to announce an increase in the regular quarterly dividend to $0.36 per share from $0.35 per share in December 2009. This marks the 37th consecutive year that Nucor has increased its regular dividend since dividend payments began in 1973. Even more noteworthy, Nucor’s regular quarterly dividend has increased by more than ten-fold over the past decade.
The Economic Crisis
Although real demand remained depressed throughout 2009, our steel mills did experience an uptick in orders in the second half of the year as customers completed a significant destocking of inventory. Consistent with this theme, The Metal Service Center Institute reported inventories reduced to their lowest levels since 1983. We have seen few signs of stimulus- based demand as only a minimal portion of the massive $787 billion stimulus package was targeted toward much needed infrastructure investments.
Fellow Stockholders:
As expected, 2009 proved to be
the most challenging year we have
ever faced. The recession severely deepened in late 2008, significantly reducing demand for our products, particularly in the first half of the
year. The past 18 months have been a time of hardship and difficulty for all 20,400 on our team at Nucor and our Harris Steel and David J. Joseph (DJJ) subsidiaries. We are extremely proud of the way our team is responding to these unprecedented challenges.
Nucor has a long history of turning economic downturns into opportunities for reaching new levels of growth.
The men and women of Nucor have dedicated themselves to positioning us once again to emerge stronger leaving the recession than entering it.
   NuCor HAS A loNg HiSTory oF TurNiNg ECoNomiC DoWNTurNS iNTo opporTuNiTiES For rEACHiNg NEW lEvElS oF groWTH. THE mEN AND WomEN oF NuCor HAvE DEDiCATED THEmSElvES To poSiTioNiNg uS oNCE AgAiN To EmErgE STroNgEr lEAviNg THE rECESSioN THAN ENTEriNg iT.
 
 4
  CurrENT CoNDiTioNS proviDE uS WiTH A ClEAr opporTuNiTy: WiTH iNvENToriES AT HiSToriC loWS, CuSTomErS iNCrEASiNgly vAluE SuppliErS WHo CAN quiCkly mEET THEir NEEDS For HigH quAliTy, CompETiTivEly priCED STEEl AND STEEl proDuCTS. our HigHly FlExiblE opErATioNS, CombiNED WiTH our CoNTiNuED TrACk rECorD oF NEvEr lAyiNg oFF A TEAmmATE DuE To lACk oF Work, HAvE AlloWED uS To gAiN
SHArE iN mANy oF THE mArkETS WHErE WE CompETE.
 Our nation’s political leaders, Democrats and Republicans, are just beginning to properly define the real problem facing our economy: job creation. The structural imbalances that created the current economic crisis — excessive leverage, trade abuses and artificially induced consumption from the credit bubble — remain serious. While we argue over health care, global warming, short-term tax cuts and taxpayer handouts, the U.S. economy continues to suffer a massive hemorrhaging of jobs.
Since the current recession began in late 2007, job losses have topped 8 million — not including the 4 million manufacturing jobs that disappeared from 1999 to 2007. In addition, including all those who have given up looking for work and all working part-time who want full-time work, the underemployment rate is approximately 17% — not the 10% number commonly reported. The time is long overdue for policies in the United States that will create jobs by rebuilding our balance in trade, rebuilding our energy independence and rebuilding our infrastructure.
our position of Strength means opportunity
We believe real demand for steel products, particularly in the non-residential construction markets, is in for a long, slow recovery. In typical Nucor fashion we are not waiting. We will continue to be a steel industry performance leader regardless of the economic landscape. We will accomplish this from our unique position of strength.
The current macroeconomic and industry conditions provide us with a clear opportunity. With inventories at historic lows, customers increasingly value suppliers who can quickly meet their needs for high quality, competitively priced steel and steel products. Our highly flexible operations, combined with our continued track record of never laying off a teammate due to lack
of work, have allowed us to gain share in many of the markets where we compete. Our highly variable cost structure allows us to trim expenses rapidly in slow times without sacrificing quality, responsiveness or safety.
The Nucor team is taking care of customers
from a position of strength with an A credit rating from Moody’s and Standard and Poor’s credit ratings agencies. Nucor carries the highest credit rating among the North American metals
and mining sector. We have a strong cash position of more than $2 billion and an untapped $1.3 billion revolving credit facility committed into November 2012. Nucor’s industry-leading financial strength and breadth of products offered are competitive advantages appealing to our customers. Our customers know that we have the strength to weather the economic cycle, as we have done time after time, while providing one-stop shopping and financial accountability. They also recognize our ability to continue investing in the future. These competitive advantages are particularly important to large OEM customers, financially sound service centers and processors, and fabricators bidding on large projects.
Nucor’s 20,400 teammates are not only staying nimble and focused to meet our customers’ current needs, but are also finding ways in every corner of our operations to improve the future of our company. Consider how our sheet mill in Decatur, Alabama, responded when the recession hit in the middle of its galvanizing line installation. To cut costs, the project’s 30-person team took back some of the work from contractors and put the fledgling line through extra testing and commissioning. The line began production in the third quarter with prime product from the start, and customers have told us that the surface quality of the initial output has far exceeded their expectations.
Our bar mill in Birmingham took advantage of downtime to install a new lime system that makes each heat run quicker and cuts material costs. Our Building Systems division in Swansea, South Carolina, developed an outreach program to local high schools that will help train our next generation of welders and designers. In every division, our people are finding innovative ways to
add value, cut costs, develop new products and explore new markets. In short, they are finding new ways to take care of our customers and position Nucor to come out of the current recessionary cycle stronger than ever.

As you’ve heard us say before, the key building blocks of our business model are both simple and powerful. They include Nucor’s strong balance sheet, Nucor’s highly variable and low cost structure, Nucor’s diversified product portfolio, Nucor’s highly flexible production process, and most important of all, Nucor’s highly productive people — the right people with a can-do attitude to get it done.
Strategic growth initiatives
We commissioned our second Castrip® production facility in Arkansas. Our Castrip - Arkansas team, supported by the Castrip - Indiana team, did an outstanding job of completing this project on time and on budget. They have had a great start-up and began making product available to customers in late 2009.
In November 2009, we commissioned our Kingman, Arizona, wire rod and bar mill with a total investment, including acquisition cost, of approximately $50 million. Production will begin in the second quarter of 2010 with initial annual output of straight- length rebar, coiled rebar and wire rod of more than 100,000 tons with the ability to increase annual production to 500,000 tons. This is a very attractive low-cost asset that will allow us to better serve wire rod and rebar customers in the southwestern U.S. market.
Our new Memphis special bar quality (SBQ) mill positions Nucor with the broadest, highest quality and lowest cost SBQ product offering in North America. At the start of 2009, our Memphis team started shipping prime rolled bars to customers. Our SBQ mills are excited by their opportunities to grow Nucor’s business in energy, automotive, heavy equipment and service center markets.
Although our acquisition initiatives were put on hold in late 2008 because of the economic collapse and financial crisis, we did add to our rebar fabrication footprint with the acquisition of Free State Steel late in 2009. We also continue to keep the lines of communication open with several potential future members of our team.
Our iron-making project in St. James Parish, Louisiana, has been significantly delayed while we continue working through an extended permitting process and await the outcome of proposed climate change legislation. We remain committed to our goal of having control of one-third of our iron inputs via pig-iron, direct reduced iron or using other iron making technologies and have several options under development to complement or replace our Louisiana blast furnace project if the threat of climate change legislation makes that project unviable.
Sustainability
When Ken Iverson began the Nucor revolution in steel making in 1965, with our first bar mill located in Darlington, South Carolina, sustainability was the driving force behind that decision. Ken recognized that the Vulcraft joist business needed a secure supply
of competitively priced steel to survive and grow in the construction market. That vision was the result of managing the business with a longer term focus and perspective. The Nucor team remains committed to a long-term focus in operating and growing our business today. This long-term focus gives us a sustainability advantage built on three components: conservative financial strength, our unique team-based culture and environmental
stewardship. We have already discussed our financial strength and would like to share a few thoughts about our strong culture and excellent environmental practices.
Our culture recognizes that the Nucor team,
working together, and every individual teammate
are the company’s most valuable assets. This makes safety our first priority as we focus on safety continuously and drive for a zero-incident environment. We currently have 13 sites that have earned Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) status under
a program administered by the Department of Labor. This status recognizes the achievement of a world-class safety culture, and we are pursuing VPP status at every domestic location across the company. Our safety-first focus is the cornerstone of a culture that recognizes the value and the future potential of the individual and maximizes each Nucor teammate’s opportunity to grow and share in our success as a company.
  5
 THiS loNg-TErm FoCuS iN opErATiNg AND groWiNg our buSiNESS givES uS A SuSTAiNAbiliTy ADvANTAgE builT oN THrEE CompoNENTS: CoNSErvATivE FiNANCiAl STrENgTH, our uNiquE TEAm-bASED CulTurE AND ENviroNmENTAl STEWArDSHip.
 
 6
Nucor is also an outstanding environmental steward as the largest recycler in North America. We are leading the global steel industry in both minimizing the consumption of energy and raw materials and, accordingly, generating fewer wastes. We are working on a comprehensive sustainability report to be published on our website, www.nucor.com. We encourage our investors to read this report to learn more about how our long-term focus naturally results in a sustainability competitive advantage for our company.
Closing Thoughts
We wanted to take a moment to recognize the tremendous service that both Terry Lisenby and Joe Rutkowski have provided to Nucor and its stockholders during their distinguished 20-plus year careers with the company. Terry, who retired at the end of 2009, began his Nucor career in 1985 as Manager of Financial Accounting. Six years later, he was elected Vice President and Corporate Controller, and in January 2000, he accepted the challenge of replacing Sam Siegel as our Chief Financial Officer. Under Terry’s astute management, Nucor remained financially strong and significantly increased the value of our stockholders’ capital through the turbulent beginning of the decade and through the biggest growth phase in our history, including our first major acquisitions. Terry’s thoughtful and disciplined leadership has also helped the Nucor team weather the current global economic crisis and remain financially strong today.
Joe, who retired early in 2010, began his Nucor career in 1989 as Manager of Nucor Cold Finish in Norfolk, Nebraska. He served as manager of Melting and Casting in Plymouth, Utah, from 1991 to 1992; General Manager of Nucor Steel in Darlington, South Carolina, from 1992 to 1998; and General Manager of Nucor Steel, Hertford County, North Carolina, from August 1998 to November 1998. Joe was promoted to Vice President in 1993 and to Executive Vice President in 1998. Although Joe has made many important contributions throughout his career, his most significant contribution was the establishment of our business development team and his leadership in helping execute the acquisition portion of our growth strategy over the past decade. Acquisitions have been a key component of the growth Nucor has achieved over the past 10 years and they will continue to provide sustainable growth in the future.
On behalf of the entire Nucor team, we thank Terry and Joe and wish them well in retirement.
As always, we want to thank each and every Nucor, DJJ and Harris teammate for helping us through a very challenging 2009. We also want to thank you, our stockholders, for your continued investment in Nucor.
Daniel R. DiMicco
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
James D. Frias
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President
   