To our shareholders
2002 was another great year for NVR. We recorded the most profitable year in the Company’s history, the 11th consecutive year
of improved operating income, and the largest-ever volume of new orders and settlements. Our returns on revenue, equity and
capital lead the industry.
Consolidated revenues for 2002 were $3.1 billion, up 20% over 2001 revenues of $2.6 billion. Net income increased 40% from
2001 to $331.5 million in 2002, another NVR record. Earnings per diluted share increased 45% to $36.05, resulting in a
compound annual growth rate of 75% over the past five years.
New orders for 2002 totaled 12,167 units, a 13% increase over the 10,782 units reported for 2001. Relative to 2001, the
number of homes in backlog at the end of 2002 rose 14% to 6,357 units, while the dollar value of the backlog increased 30%
to $2.0 billion.
A critical component of NVR’s success is consistent, controlled growth. Our growth strategy involves increasing market share in
our current markets and expanding into contiguous markets, where we can leverage our existing management talent and business
relationships, resulting in higher returns and lower risk. At this time last year, we stated a long-term goal of nearly doubling our
new order growth over five years. We are confident that our current year’s new order growth, combined with our strong
controlled lot position and the increased investment in human resources, place us well on our way to achieving this goal.
We
believe our solid financial performance can be attributed to a commitment to our tested business strategy that emphasizes
liquidity and minimizes risk. We do not develop land and we avoid speculative building. By focusing on our strength, building
quality homes, NVR has achieved the highest inventory turnover, return on equity and return on capital in the industry. The
liquidity generated by this business model has been utilized to expand our business through internal growth and allows us to
return excess capital to our shareholders through stock repurchases.
In
2002, in addition to the expansion of our homebuilding operations, we continued the repurchase of outstanding NVR shares,
a program that began in 1994. During the year, NVR purchased approximately 1.2 million shares of stock at a market value of
$362 million.
the Year for 2002” by the National Association of Investors Corporation. These are prestigious awards of which we are proud,
and ones that would be impossible without the excellent performance of our dedicated employees, subcontractors, developers,
and suppliers. Their continuing hard work and dedication makes this performance possible, and we thank them all.
2002 also afforded us the opportunity to welcome two highly qualified individuals to our board of directors. J. Carter Bacot and
Robert C. Butler bring a broad range of knowledge and experience to NVR, and we look forward to working with them and the rest of our outstanding board members.
Although our nation’s economy remained sluggish in 2002, the homebuilding sector continued to flourish. The strength in the
industry was driven by high demand for homes, fueled largely by low interest rates, coupled with a tighter lot supply due to land
constraints imposed in many markets. As long as mortgage interest rates remain moderate, we expect this trend to continue.
However,
in the event of a cyclical downturn, we believe that our conservative approach and strong financial standing will
position us to compete favorably and maintain our industry leading performance.
Sincerely,
Dwight Schar
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer