 To our ShareholderS
During 2015, the housing market demonstrated continued slow, but steady improvement aided by mortgage rates that are still near historical lows and strong job growth. While the pace of the housing recovery so far has been slower than many had forecast, and many housing measures are still below long-term averages, 2015 ended on a fairly solid note. There was modest growth in housing starts, permits, and new home sales, the proportion of delinquent mortgages continued to trend lower, and affordability remained strong. With an improving housing market as a backdrop, we are pleased to report that 2015 marked another year of growth and improvement for NVR.
Highlights of our 2015 results include:
• Homebuilding revenues were $5.1 billion (up 16% vs. 2014)
• Net income was $382.9 million (up 36% vs. 2014)
• Diluted earnings per share of $89.99 (up 42% vs. 2014)
• New orders were 14,080 (up 14% vs. 2014)
• Year-end backlog of 6,229 units, with a dollar value of $2.4 billion (up 13% vs. 2014)
We are extremely proud of our success, which would be impossible without the contributions of our dedicated employees, subcontractors, developers and suppliers. Their service and commitment to NVR is very much appreciated.
In addition to the hard work of our employees and business partners, another critical element of NVR’s success is our proven business model, which emphasizes liquidity and minimizing risk. We focus on our strength, which is selling and building quality homes. By avoiding land development and speculative building, NVR has lower capital requirements, higher returns on capital, and the financial flexibility to take advantage of new opportunities as they arise. The liquidity we generate by operating in this manner has resulted in our ability to return excess capital to our shareholders through our share repurchase program. 2015 was the third consecutive year of purchasing at least $400 million of NVR stock, which has resulted in a 21% decrease in outstanding shares since December 31, 2012.
Another key component of our model is market concentration. We strive to be the dominant builder in each of the markets that we serve. Large local scale allows us to better leverage our local market knowledge, the relationships we have built with our business partners, our marketing efforts and our employees. The benefits afforded by large local scale enable us to maintain a low cost structure and maximize our profitability.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
 We thank our customers for choosing NVR as their homebuilder. We understand that they have a choice in selecting a builder and we work hard to earn the trust they place in us. We know that our business always starts with the customer, which is
why we continually strive to exceed our customers’ expectations. We are proud that over 95% of our customers are so satisfied with us that they would recommend us to family and friends. This is a reflection of the quality of homes we build, the great neighborhoods in which we build, how we stand behind our product, and our overall commitment to our customers.
With our focus on customer satisfaction, our proven business model and our dedicated team of employees and business partners, we remain confident that NVR will continue to outperform the industry and look forward to another successful year in 2016.
Sincerely,
Dwight C. Schar Chairman of the Board
Paul C. Saville President and CEO
  