To Our Shareholders
We are pleased to report that 2004 was a year of continued growth and improvement for NVR. We exceeded our prior year
operating income for the thirteenth consecutive year, and recorded our largest ever volume of sales and settlements.
Consolidated revenues for 2004 were $4.3 billion, up 17% over 2003 revenues of $3.7 billion. Net income increased 25% from
2003 to $523 million in 2004, another NVR record. Earnings per diluted share increased 37% to $66.42, resulting in a
compound annual growth rate of 49% over the past five years.
New orders for 2004 totaled 13,231 units, a 5% increase over the 12,583 units reported for 2003. Relative to 2003, the number
of homes in backlog at the end of 2004 rose 7% to 7,372 units, while the dollar value of the backlog increased 25% to $2.9
billion, its highest level ever.
Consistent, controlled growth of our business has long been a critical component of NVR’s success. By increasing market share
in existing markets and through expansion into contiguous markets, we are able to leverage existing management talent and
business relationships, resulting in higher returns and lower risk relative to entering new markets that are more geographically
dispersed. We have resources in place to grow market share in many of our current markets in 2005, and have recently expanded
into the Columbia, South Carolina market by acquiring Rymarc Homes, a leading homebuilder in that area.
NVR’s continued strong financial performance is a product of our unwavering commitment to our proven business strategy that
emphasizes liquidity and minimizes risk. NVR is not in the land development business. By avoiding land development and
speculative building, and focusing primarily on our strength, the efficient sale and construction of quality homes, NVR
continues to be among the industry leaders in inventory turnover, return on equity, and return on capital. The liquidity
generated by this business model has been employed by NVR to expand our homebuilding operations through internal growth,
as well as allow us to return excess capital to shareholders through stock repurchases. This business model has been a cornerst
one
of our success, and we intend to continue to utilize it in the future.
For the seventh consecutive year, NVR was selected as one of
Forbes
magazine’s “Platinum 400” companies, which ranks
companies that possess, in their words, “high rankings for corporate practices as well as long- and short-term sales and earnin
gs
growth and stock market performance.” We are extremely proud of this recognition and our continued success, and realize that
it would be impossible without the contributions of our dedicated employees, subcontractors and developers. We thank them for
their efforts and will continuously strive to provide a work environment that is both challenging and rewarding, and one that
will attract and retain the talented personnel necessary to maintain our success.
Although the housing sector enjoyed another record-breaking year, it is important to recall that homebuilding is, by its nature
, a
cyclical industry. While we are sensitive to certain economic factors such as rising mortgage interest rates and fuel prices, 
we
cannot control these factors, and therefore must concentrate on those that we can influence. While we are optimistic that our
business will remain strong, we firmly believe that our conservative but proven strategies will serve us well in whatever economic
climate 2005 brings, and are excited about the prospect of another great year.
Sincerely,
Dwight Schar
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer