To Our Shareholders
2001 proved to be a memorable year for NVR. We recorded the most profitable year in our history, and our tenth consecutive
year of record operating income. Our 79% return on equity and 58% return on capital lead the industry, and our sales and
settlements for 2001 marked an all-time high for NVR.
Consolidated revenues for 2001 were $2.6 billion, up 13% over 2000 revenues of $2.3 billion. Net income increased 50%
from 2000 to $236.8 million in 2001, another NVR record. Earnings per diluted share increased 66% to $24.86, resulting in
a compound annual growth rate of 71% over the past five years.
New orders for 2001 totaled 10,782 units, a 5% increase over the 10,268 units reported for 2000. Relative to 2000, the
number of homes in backlog at the end of 2001 rose 8% to 5,558 units, while the dollar value of the backlog increased 15%
to $1.5 billion.
Consistent, controlled growth of our business has been a critical component of NVR
’
s success. Over the past five years, new
orders have increased by 90%, and it is our stated objective to duplicate this increase over the next five years. During 2001,
additional capital and human resources were invested into our operations to support this growth. We will, however, continue to
be prudent about the manner in which we expand our operations. By increasing share in existing markets and through
expansion into contiguous markets, we are able to leverage existing management talent and business relationships, resulting in
higher returns and lower risk relative to entering new markets that are more geographically diverse. For this reason, our
expansion efforts will continue to be focused on the eastern half of the United States, in areas such as the Mid Atlantic,
Midwest, and the Southeast.
NVR’s continued strong financial performance is a product of our unwavering commitment to our proven business strategy
that emphasizes liquidity and minimizes risk. Unlike our major competitors, NVR is not in the land development business.
By avoiding land development and speculative building, and focusing only on homebuilding, NVR has achieved the highest
inventory turnover, return on equity, and return on capital in the industry. The liquidity generated by this business model has
been employed by NVR to expand our homebuilding operations through internal growth and acquisition, and excess capital has
been returned to shareholders through stock repurchases. This business model has been vital to our success, and we intend to
continue to utilize it in the future.
In 2001, in addition to the expansion of our homebuilding operations, we continued the repurchase of outstanding NVR shares,
a program that began in 1994. During the year, approximately 1.75 million shares of stock were purchased at a market value of
$224 million.
For the fourth consecutive year, NVR was selected as one of
Forbes
magazine’s
“
Platinum 400
”
, which ranks companies that
in their words,
“show the strategy, stamina and growth to be standouts among their peers.”
We are extremely proud of this
recognition and our continued success, and realize that it would be impossible without the contributions of our dedicated
employees. We thank them for their efforts and will continuously strive to provide a work environment that is both challenging
and rewarding, and one that will attract and retain the talented personnel necessary to maintain our success.
2001 was also memorable for marking the end of a ten-year growth period that represented the largest expansion in United
States history. Fortunately, despite the current state of the economy, the homebuilding industry continues to prosper. While th
e
strength of the industry is encouraging, we realize that now more than ever, it is crucial to focus on factors that can be
controlled, and not be distracted by those that cannot. And although we are optimistic that the economy will improve in the
near future, we will continue with the conservative approach that has served us so well.
Sincerely,
Dwight Schar
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer