Celebrating our first century
It must have been a sight -- a solitary light bulb illuminating the Alice Mine in Walkerville, high above the bustling mining town of Butte, Montana, just several years after Thomas Edison invented the technology that gave birth to our industry. Electricity made possible so many things which to that point were only dreams. Rapid advances occurred in everything from food safety and preparation to medicine, travel and how we heat our homes. The electric industry's growth spawned hundreds of power companies in just a few short years. Over time, many of these companies consolidated in the classic pattern through which industries are created and mature. In 1912, four regional companies that were themselves created from more than 40 power producers merged to form The Montana Power Company (MPC). In 1923, the Albert Emmanuel Company merged several companies in South Dakota and Nebraska to form Northwestern Public Service Company (NWPS). In Montana, MPC grew up with the mining industry, pioneering the technology to move large amounts of power over long distances. In South Dakota, NWPS grew with the communities it served, providing "light across the prairies." NWPS and MPC came together as NorthWestern Energy in 2002.

As the centennial of the Montana utility approached, a group of employees from all three states met to discuss whether and how the anniversary should be recognized. Like many companies, we have many historical accomplishments to honor and important lessons to learn from. The common thread that our employees decided to celebrate is the tradition of community-focused service by our retirees and current employees (some of whom have been with the company for nearly half its existence).

Building for our second
On January 1, 2011, just a few miles west of where the first electric light bulb in Montana was lit, the Mill Creek Generating Station began commercial operation, featuring state-of-the-art controls and technology that earned it international recognition later in the year. The plant was on time and under budget and provides an essential service that stabilizes our p2 extensive Montana electric system as customer demands e and resources available to meet those demands fluctuate. We formally dedicated the plant in early March 2011. Our friend and colleague Dave Gates, vice president-wholesale operations, led the project development team. We joyfully celebrated the good work of hundreds of people who made the plant possible. Less than two weeks later, we were shocked and saddened by Dave's tragic death. In honor of his memory and in recognition of his vast contributions to the company over a 35-year career, the plant was renamed the Dave Gates Generating Station at Mill Creek (DGGS).

100 Year Timeline
1900 19 00

Everyone recognizes the importance of DGGS to the NorthWestern Energy system. The Montana Public Service Commission (MPSC) recognized this in pre-approving the project oject je ect and granting interim cost recovery effective when the plant came ame me on line. Now, the allocation of this facility's costs between retail ail i and wholesale customers is progressing through a lengthy determination by both federal and state regulatory agencies. The MPSC held a compliance hearing on the matter in November 2011, and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission hearing is scheduled for June 2012. We're expecting decisions from both regulators in 2012. In 2011, we announced other power production projects and upgrades that we expect to accomplish in the next two years, , including a 60-megawatt natural gas-fired peaking plant in Aberdeen, South Dakota, and a 40-megawatt wind farm in central Montana. Although we've made strides in recent years, a significant portion of electricity sold to Montana customers comes from power purchase agreements that are due to expire at the end of 2014. Over time, we want to transition to additional rate-based generation to provide customers with reasonable and stable prices over the long term, regardless of nearerterm market conditions. Therefore, we are evaluating opportunities to build or buy power production facilities. MPC owned about 50 percent of the gas production required to serve its customers. These resources were sold as part of supply deregulation, which preceded a period of severe price volatility. Now, we are actively exploring opportunities to add proven natural gas production to our resource portfolio; and in 2011, we made two small additions to our Battle Creek field. p3

1912: Through a merger of four regional electric utilities that in turn had acquired more than 40 smaller companies, The Montana Power Company was formed. The new company's primary source of energy supply was a series of hydroelectric generating stations dating back to 1890.

19 910 1
1923: Two electric utilities in Nebraska and two in South Dakota, with roots dating back to 1909, were merged to form Northwestern Public Service Company.

1920 19 20
1924: NWPS expanded over the next 17 years through the acquisition of dozens of local and regional utilities in South Dakota and Nebraska.

After a Hundred Years, Electricity is Still a Great Value
Corn Puffs - 1915

Montana Pow owe wer r Comp m an any ny - 1 191 915 915 91

Schedule "A" General Rate First 100 kilowatt-hours used per month at 10c per kilowatt-hour Next 100 kilowatt-hours used per month at 9c per kilowatt-hour Next 300 kilowatt-hours used per month at 8c per kilowatt-hour

$3.50

From $0.15 in 1915, $3.34 a box of Corn Puffs cereal has kept pace with inflation $3.00

$2.50 MPC hypothetical price $2.23 per kWh of electricity inflated by CPI* from $2.00 1915 -- 2011

NorthWestern Public Service - 1927 N
The First 40 KW.-hr. per month.... 9c per KW. ­hr. The Next 60 KW.-hr. per month.... 5c per KW. ­hr. All over 100 KW.-hr. per month.... 4c per KW. ­hr.

$1.50 NWPS hypothetical $1.16 price per kWh of electricity inflated by $1.00 CPI* from 1927 -- 2011 $0.50 $.09-0.11 $0.00 1912 1922 1932 1942 1952 1962 1972 1982 1992 2002 2012 NorthWestern Energy actual price per kWh of electricity in 2012

p4

*Consumer Price Index

While the cost of many things has gone up, even Corn Puffs, the actual cost our customers pay today is a fraction of what it was actua in n the t th early 20th century.

1931: MPC entered natural gas business and built nearly 250 miles of 20-inch transmission pipeline from Cut Bank gas fields to the mines in Butte; and over a 33-year period built residential systems in Great Falls, Helena, Missoula, Kalispell, Butte, Anaconda, Dillon, Havre, Billings and Bozeman.

1938: Kerr Dam completed, MPC's largest hydroelectric project at 204' high.

1930 19 30 30

1940 19 40
1941: After "public power" was initiated in Nebraska, NWPS sold its North Platte electric system and purchased natural gas operations in Kearney, North Platte and Grand Island.

In South Dakota, we are working with the other owners of several coal-fired power plants to install pollution control measures to bring these plants into compliance with federal clean air regulations. Upgrades to the Big Stone Power Plant in northeast South Dakota and the Neal #4 plant in northwest Iowa are necessary for the plants to operate under the federal regulations, but they are expensive. Big Stone's operator, Otter Tail Power, has recommended a flue gas desulfurization for sulfur dioxide emission control and a fabric filter for particulate emission control with a total estimated cost of $490 million. As we own 23.4 percent of that 475-megawatt coal plant, we estimate our capital outlay to be in the $115 million range. The owners of the Neal #4 plant are moving forward on a scrubber similar in size and scope to what's proposed at Big Stone. As we own 8.7 percent of that 644-megawatt facility, we estimate our capital outlay to be in the $25 million range. We are keeping the South Dakota Public Utilities Commission informed of our role in these projects and the potential impact to customers. As a result of these upgrades, in 2013, we plan to file the first electric general rate case in nearly 30 years based on our costs in 2012. We intend to include costs associated with both emissions reduction projects incurred up to that point and to propose environmental riders from 2013 to project completion. A stable, reliable network of infrastructure is essential to deliver both electricity and natural gas to customers. We operate more than 9,000 miles of natural gas distribution and transmission pipelines, and nearly 28,000 miles of electric distribution and transmission lines, including backbone transmission lines essential to move power both within and through our very large service territory. p5

1958: Cochrane Dam completed, the last of MPC's 14 hydroelectric facilities in Montana.

19 950 5
1952: Beginning with Brookings and Madison, NWPS secured franchises to build its natural gas distribution systems in South Dakota. 1953: NWPS purchased power from Missouri River dams built as part of the federal Flood Control Act of 1944.

1960 19 60

Most importantly, we have undertaken a planned and disciplined approach to investing in our gas and electric distribution systems. The MPSC approved an accounting order that enabled us to begin ramping up our Distribution System Infrastructure Project (DSIP). The DSIP is a planned $287 million, seven-year project intended to help us stay ahead of the curve on aging infrastructure and build additional capacity back into the system. We propose to recover DSIP-related costs in base rates through annual or biennial rate proceedings. The DSIP incorporates technology improvements to increase performance and reliability and provides the foundation for Smart Grid technology when and if large-scale implementation becomes appropriate. We are participating in the Pacific Northwest Smart Grid Demonstration Project that enables us to learn from various types of projects in the region and will help inform v our future decision-making about technology investments. o This Th T his demonstration project includes the installation of customer-facing technology to a volunteer group of cust cu c st p6 customers in an urban area and in a mountainous and cu c us dispersed rural area. dis di d s We also are investing in a major upgrade of our Customer W Information System and related systems that will enable us to provide enhanced outage reporting features for customers and improved reliability by reducing the time needed to diagnose problems in the field. We're taking the same forward-looking approach to our transmission networks. Over the past few years, we have continued to invest in our high-voltage transmission system in Montana to meet growing demand within and outside Montana. We purchased the 55-mile Milbank

1968: Corette Generating Plant completed near Billings, MPC's first coal-fired generating plant.

1973: Jointly owned coal-fired Colstrip Units 1-4 and twin 500 kV transmission lines built from 1973­1984.

1970 19 70
1975: Jointly owned coal-fired Big Stone generating plant completed near Milbank, South Dakota.

Pipeline, a natural gas transmission line located in northeast South Dakota about 10 miles from the Minnesota border. The $4.5 million acquisition marks the first time in the company's history that it has owned a gas transmission line in South Dakota. The Gas Transmission Infrastructure Project (GTIP) will come into better focus in 2012 as we develop a plan to enhance the reliability and safety of our gas transmission system. We are strongly committed to maintaining safe and reliable service, which means remaining in complete compliance with pipeline integrity and safety regulations. Our new electric transmission projects also are moving forward. Plans to upgrade the existing twin 500-kilovolt transmission lines that cross the state from Colstrip to western Montana are advancing, but the exact timing requires coordination with the neighboring Bonneville Power Administration (BPA) that connects at Townsend, Montana. BPA and NorthWestern Energy are collaborating to determine the potential of using our proposed 500-kilovolt Mountain States Transmission Intertie (MSTI) to provide service for BPA's customers in eastern Idaho and the neighboring region. Legal challenges that slowed work on the draft environmental impact statement for MSTI have been resolved, and we expect the document to be released this summer. In addition we have supported an independent stakeholder process to consider potential MSTI corridors and related questions. We also continue to evaluate potential transmission projects that would cross through our South Dakota territory and help deliver Dakota-produced energy to the Midwest. p7

19 980 8
1979: Jointly owned coal-fired Neal Unit #4 generating plant completed near Sioux City, Iowa. 1981: Jointly owned coal-fired Coyote I generating station completed near Beulah, North Dakota.

1990 19 90

Thanks to the continued vigilance of our employees, we maintained our earnings and performance while coping with external challenges brought on by a sluggish economy and unpredictable weather. By supporting our employees with the training, tools and technology to provide our customers safe, reliable and reasonably priced energy, we also are providing excellent stewardship of our investors' resources. The proof is in the results -- we've never had a busier year in our operations, but we ended the year on budget and with a safety record of which we are very proud. During 2011, we had among the highest total shareholder return of the 55 companies in the Edison Electric Institute utility group. We provided shareholders with a total return of 29.9 percent, including dividends. Net p8 income improved 19.6 percent over 2010. We received another credit upgrade from Moody's Investors Service. We implemented a low-cost commercial paper program to reduce our borrowing costs. We lowered our cost structure through a lower effective tax rate. Last, and certainly not least, we increased our dividend to investors by about 6 percent in 2011. These are the results of approximately 1,400 employees living our mission -- enriching lives through a safe, sustainable energy future.

1999: After Montana utility deregulation legislation passed in 1997, all of MPC's electric generation assets were sold.

2 00 20
1998: NWPS changed its name to NorthWestern Corporation. 2002: NorthWestern Corporation purchased MPC's electric and natural gas transmission and distribution system.

A tradition of service
We are celebrating a century of service in 2012, but our roots extend far deeper into our communities than just the pipes and wires planted in the ground. NorthWestern Energy contributes more than $1 million annually to charitable and economic development organizations over and above the time, money and expertise our employees contribute to make their communities great places to live and work. We are tightly woven into the fabric of our communities, where work and personal lives come together. Recently, I had the opportunity to read a scrapbook with photos, stories and poems kept by a 96-year-old retiree who proudly chronicled his career that began in 1936. In addition to pictures of crews and equipment were photos of his wife and young children, who lived in camp trailers while he and his colleagues built the system that serves Montana. His story reflects the spirit of our predecessors who built the infrastructure that has made possible what their children and grandchildren enjoy today. I am proud that spirit is strong as we move forward with building the infrastructure that will make possible a bright future for generations to come. Yours truly, p9

Robert C. Rowe President and Chief Executive Officer

2011: Dave Gates Generating Station began commercial operation, a gas-fired turbine facility used for regulating services.

20 2 010 1
2010: After Montana passed HB25 that ended deregulation, the Company purchased a majority interest in the Battle Creek field, consisting of 150 producing natural gas wells and a gathering system in northeast Montana. 2011: Construction started of a 60-megawatt gas fired peaking plant in Aberdeen, South Dakota,to be completed in 2013.

