NorthWestern Energy's President and CEO Bob Rowe addresses attendees at a customer appreciation celebration.

THE VALUE OF VALUES
At NorthWestern Energy, we're in business to provide value ­ value to you, our shareholders; to our customers; to our communities; and to our employees. While so much in our industry changes, our core commitment is unwavering. Our corporate culture is anchored in our SERVICE values - Safety, Excellence, Respect, Value, Integrity, Community and Environment. Value ­ in all its forms and definitions ­ best describes what we do and how we do it.
NorthWestern Energy | 2016 Annual Report | p1

SAFETY

At NorthWestern Energy, a strong safety culture is a critical component of a healthy organization. In 2016, we had our best overall safety performance - ever. We are committed to maintaining and improving our performance even further. With a lost-time incident rate of .31, and 1.31 total recordable

S

Our Westline crew uses a large Mueller fitting while replacing a section of 12-inch, pressurized steel pipe on one of our natural gas transmission lines.

incidents (per Occupational Health Administration and Safety requirements) in 2016, our improvement over the past ten years is undeniable. Our commitment to developing and maintaining a high-performing safety culture is reflected in a top-notch safety program that has significantly reduced the number

EXCELLENCE
The safety culture extends to the work we do for our customers. The emphasis on safety and excellence helps drive customer satisfaction. In 2016, as measured by JD Powers and Associates, our results were the best yet. In some areas, not only did we reach a company best, but we also reached a best-in-class level of performance. When customers were asked to rate their satisfaction on specific points, those who had recent contact with a field service

E

and severity of our employees' potential health and safety risks. We are committed to a culture in which employees go home as healthy as when they arrived at work. We encourage employees to continue to focus on safety outside of work, in their homes and personal lives. Safety doesn't start and stop with the workday.

Pictured here are five of our 75-member substation group that attained an exemplary 2016 safety milestone of working for more than two years without a lost-time incident.

employee typically rated their satisfaction much higher than our peers. Those customers who are friends or neighbors of one of our field employees rank our company as the fourth best in the country. That speaks to the high quality and strong caliber

NorthWestern Energy | 2016 Annual Report | p2

of our workforce overall and, in particular, our front-line personnel. With NorthWestern Energy's strong reliability record, our customers have good reason to rate us highly when it comes to operational performance. This is particularly impressive given our rural and rugged service territory, where the weather is extreme and unpredictable. Every year, our linemen, gas technicians, servicemen and other field employees are challenged with maintaining the system under the most extreme circumstances. They do a fantastic job. To further improve, we decided several years ago that we needed to do more to support our employees' commitment, given aging infrastructure and capacity requirements. Montana, in particular, went through several boom cycles over the course of the 20th Century and our infrastructure was right there to serve those customers. That infrastructure still performs well, but in many cases is approaching its anticipated

useful life. Because reliability is critical, in 2011 we launched the Distribution System Infrastructure Project (DSIP) to head off potential problems with aging infrastructure, address capacity needs, and lay the foundation for increasing technology deployment as it becomes cost effective. We are in the seventh and final year of that $365 million (capital and expense) program. Realizing the significant benefits of DSIP, we launched a second phase of the infrastructure program that will look beyond our distribution system and will add electric transmission capacity, improve substation reliability and comply with federal regulations for natural gas transportation. In 2017, this investment, along with our ongoing maintenance capital spending, will require approximately $300 million of capital investment ­ approximately twice our current depreciation expense. Turning to energy production, in 2016 we released important electric supply plans in Montana and South Dakota, reflecting

our more diverse resource portfolios. As we continue to learn how well the hydro system in Montana and wind in South Dakota integrate into our overall portfolios, our focus has turned to resource optimization so that we can use our diverse resource mix to its most efficient potential and to meet our customers' needs for sustained capacity, especially during our Great Plains and Rocky Mountain winters. Over the next five years, we expect to commit more than $125 million (or about a tenth of the estimated overall $1.3 billion investment needed over the next 15 years) to begin addressing dispatchable resource generation shortfalls in Montana and South Dakota. A request for proposal for dispatchable generation alternatives in Montana is currently in the field. Final expenditures are subject to regulatory review. Details are included in the resource planning documents that have been filed with the Montana and South Dakota commissions.

One of our two contact centers, providing customers with 24/7 access.

NorthWestern Energy | 2016 Annual Report | p3

R ESPECT

We respect our customers and their values. We seek and consider their views about the services we provide and our plans for the future. That's why we are actively engaged with several stakeholder processes that seek direct feedback on our electric and natural gas system plans.

R

One of our solar pilots is located just west of Bozeman, Montana. Photo by OnSite Energy.

In 2016, we undertook three distinct stakeholder initiatives (two others related to specific energy and transmission planning are ongoing). The Community Sustainable Energy Working Group (CSEWG) began in late 2015 and wrapped up in mid2016. This group, moderated by the Smart Electric Power Alliance (formerly known as the Solar Electric Power Association), identified three pilot projects. These are truly "smart community" projects, and are great ways to work with communities as partners to help meet their goals, with benefits shared by the communities, while generating hands-on knowledge and data for our system planners and others. The first, in Bozeman, Montana, was operational in late 2016. The 386 kW solar array located

next to the city's water treatment facility is a partnership between NorthWestern Energy, the City and Montana State University. By installing virtual net meters on volunteer residential and commercial sites in the city, the participants will be able to better understand how customer usage aligns with the community's solar resource. The second, to be located in Missoula, Montana, is currently in the planning stages and is due to be operational in 2017. The third, to be located in the Helena, Montana area, is expected to be operational in 2018. The CSEWG was comprised of a diverse group of local and state government representatives, environmental and customer advocates, and local renewable developers. The CSEWG started by developing a set of guiding principles ­ projects should be "reformative, sustainable, measurable and equitable." They studied a range of technologies on both sides of the meter, and outlined elements for a set of community-based projects. NorthWestern Energy is now designing the second

project with close coordination with community stakeholders. This iterative process allows each project to build upon the learning of the previous project(s) while being responsive to the local needs and situational environment. The Montana Infrastructure Stakeholder Group (ISG) met throughout 2016, building on the work of the previous stakeholder group that helped us design the Distribution System Infrastructure Project. The ISG's work will be incorporated into our end-to-end natural gas and electric planning over the coming years ­ from transmission, through substation and distribution, and continuing our value-based approach to technology deployment. In South Dakota, our Network South Dakota infrastructure stakeholder group is helping evaluate plans to begin installing Advanced Metering Infrastructure in 2017, opportunities to expand access to natural gas, and how to best partner with the State and communities to support their economic development from the north border to the south.

NorthWestern Energy | 2016 Annual Report | p4

V ALUE

V
ranking us in 16th place versus the approximately 44 peers in EEI (Edison Electrical Institute) Index. Recognizing the importance of dividends to our investors, we continue to target a payout ratio of 60 ­ 70 percent of net income. We have been consistently near the low end of that range and due to growth in our earnings, that dividend has grown, on average, 7 percent annually over the last 5 years. In fact, in 2016 our dividend per share was $2.00, equivalent to our entire earnings per share in 2009. In recognition of our strong dividend track record,

We provide electricity and natural gas to approximately 709,600 customers in Montana, South Dakota and Nebraska.

Our shareholders make possible the investments that provide our customers essential service. While we unfortunately lagged the average return of our utility peers, our 8.5 percent total shareholder return in 2016 was within the 7-10 percent total return expectations we had communicated. Over the last 5 years, we have provided a 91 percent return to shareholders (or equivalent to just under 14 percent annual average). Since we emerged from bankruptcy in late 2004 we have provided a 277 percent return (just under 12 percent annual average),

we were added to the NASDAQ US Broad Dividend AchieversTM Index in March of 2016. This recognition follows our June 2015 inclusion to the Dow Jones U.S. Select DividendTM Index ­ which aims to represent the country's leading stocks by dividend yield. In good times and bad, we have had the discipline and competence to do what we said we would do, consistently delivering earnings growth in line with expectations and our communicated earnings guidance.

Power lines are dwarfed by turbines at our Spion Kop wind farm east of Great Falls, Montana.

NorthWestern Energy | 2016 Annual Report | p5

INTEGRITY
Integrity is woven through everything we do. It's important to our customers and to our employees, and certainly to you, our shareholders. Our awardwinning corporate governance demonstrates our unwavering commitment to transparency and ethical practices. We deliver on our promises and provide frequent progress reports along the way. Our year got off to a rough start with significantly warmer than normal weather coinciding with negative regulatory outcomes. Our employees responded to the challenge and managed the business accordingly so that we could keep our commitments, including to our shareholders. They continued to do their jobs efficiently and safely.

I

Scott Olson, of Corsica, South Dakota, has more than 35 years of service with the company.

COMMUNITY
Community involvement and participation is important to our customers and to our employees. Through our Community Works program,

C

Our employee engagement remains strong, demonstrating the commitment our employees have made to breathing life into our values and our brand. Our hiring and onboarding processes are instilling these important values into new employees as our veteran employees transition to retirement. We're mindful to learn all we can from our veterans before they head off for wellearned new adventures.

Employees from our Montana contact center donate their time to distribute free turkey dinners to less fortunate at Thanksgiving.

in 2016 we contributed approximately $2.1 million in support of our communities in the form of economic development opportunities,

employee and retiree matching donations to United Way, sponsorships and employee volunteer efforts. Through our Employee Volunteer Program,

NorthWestern Energy | 2016 Annual Report | p6

we contributed more than $78,000 on behalf of our employees in recognition of their contributions of time and talent to organizations that they support on their own time. In addition, we estimate that these employee volunteers created more than $250,000 in social value to their

communities not including those employees who do not self-report their activities. We provided $105,000 to universities, colleges, tribal and trade schools in Montana, South Dakota and Nebraska to fund scholarships for students

studying engineering, computer technology, business or utilityrelated trades. In total, according to Circle Analytics, Inc., our economic gross economic benefit to our communities is approximately $2 billion and supports about 11,500 other local jobs.

E NVIRONMENT
Our stewardship of the essential infrastructure that provides reliable energy to customers extends to the quality of the environment around us. In 2016 approximately 58% of the electricity we delivered to our Montana customers, through owned generation or long-term contracts, was from carbon free resources - either wind or run-of-river hydro. In South Dakota, approximately 36% of the energy we provide to customers is generated by wind energy. Our use of natural resources is a privilege. In particular, our run-ofriver hydro system is a cultural, recreational and environmental asset. I'm proud of the work our employees do in partnership and coordination with state, local and federal agencies and

E

Generation system updates at our Holter hydro facility, allowed us to remove and recycle close to 8,400 gallons of oil from the powerhouse, reducing substantially the risk of an oil release into the Missouri River.

our neighboring landowners, to maintain healthy, vibrant ecosystems along the rivers where our facilities are located. We all live, work and recreate in this remarkable country. Our customers appreciate our low prices, high reliability and environmental commitment. A small number of our customers have specific additional interests, including more distributed supply models. Increasing the penetration of distributed generation doesn't need to be inconsistent with our business model as long as appropriate policies and regulatory mechanisms are in place. All customers who are connected to the utility grid should pay their fair share for the service they receive, without subsidies that disadvantage

other customers or limit the ability to invest in the infrastructure that serves all customers. We expect our pilot programs to help us, our customers, and our communities, learn how to leverage these installations in the best way possible. We continue to be committed to procuring energy efficiency as a resource, despite regulatory setbacks regarding cost recovery. We are working with policymakers to consider appropriate policies to account for this resource. Over the course of the most recent energy supply year (July 1 ­ June 30, 2016), we reported energy savings in Montana and South Dakota totaling 49,684,125 kWh and 796,768 therms at a cost of, $13,493,458.

NorthWestern Energy | 2016 Annual Report | p7

SERVICE
We are proud of the value we deliver to the communities and customers we serve. Our prices are below the national average even as we continue to invest in our system. Our shareholders received an 8.5 percent total return that is a combination of share appreciation and dividend yield. Our employees earn competitive wages and benefits, for doing important work. They work for a company that respects them, their skills, safety and commitment to service. This comprehensive value provided to all stakeholders is worthy of recognition and reflects a culture that we are proud to be a part of. In case, you missed it, the first letter of each word that comprises our corporate values spells the word that best describes how we provide value to you: SERVICE. We're proud to have provided

A lineman uses a voltage tester to ensure he can work on the 230-kV bus safely.

excellent service in 2016. We look forward to doing so for many years to come. Sincerely,

Robert C. Rowe President and Chief Executive Officer

NorthWestern Energy | 2016 Annual Report | p8

