Dear fellow shareholders,
In 2007, we made excellent progress in our multi-year effort to transform Newell Rubbermaid into a global company of Brands That Matter and great people, known for best-in-class results.
Our strategic focus on developing our brand-building capabilities, achieving best cost, leveraging the power of One Newell Rubbermaid and creating a culture of excellence will enable us to generate sustainable sales and earnings growth well into the future.
Meeting and Exceeding our Financial Commitments
We are pleased to report that in 2007, we once again delivered on all of our financial commitments, continuing the growth “trifecta” of higher top-line sales, healthy gross-margin expansion and increased
operating profit. Net sales rose 3.3 percent, gross margins expanded 185 basis points and operating income increased 14 percent over the prior year. Since embarking upon our transformation two years ago, we have delivered 4 percent average annual inter- nal sales growth, improved gross margins from 30 percent to 35 percent and achieved over $200 million in operating income improvement. This performance helped drive a 46-percent increase in normalized earnings per share and over $600 million in annual operating cash flow. Our investments in strategic brand-building activities, fueled by our significant gross margin expansion
and productivity-enhancing initiatives, are paying off as we advance in our multi- year transformation.
Continued Progress on
Key Strategic Initiatives
In 2007, we made considerable progress on our Marketing Build & Transform initiative, which is focused on creating a best-in-class consumer branding capability. We have developed a detailed blueprint and roadmap for achieving brand-building excellence over time, com- plete with annual targets and measures. We have also recruited top executive talent from some of the world’s leading consumer products companies and launched a comprehensive series of Marketing Excellence training programs, covering both basic and advanced curriculums. To support the key activities that lead to consumer understanding, innovation and demand creation, we boosted our invest- ment in strategic brand building to 6.2 percent of sales, a 60-percent increase over the past two years.
 Win With Unique Consumers and Customers and Beat Relevant Competition
 Encourages More
Incremental Sales and Profit
Incremental Demand Creation
Funds
Differentiated Product
Plus
Best-in-Class Cost Structure
Superior Branding
Yields
       Drives
The New Virtuous Cycle
Plus
Brands That Matter
Premium Margins
      0

We reshaped our organizational structure to establish Global Business Units (GBUs) as the core organizing concept of our busi- ness. To achieve long-term success, we must leverage our brands, technology, supply chain, consumer and competitor under- standing and people on a global basis. The new GBU structure will help support growth across all business units and regions while ensuring an appropriate cost struc- ture. Each of our GBUs has been tasked with creating and executing strategic plans to drive what we call the “New Virtuous Cycle.” This framework outlines the process for creating differentiated products with a best-in-class cost structure, backed by investments in superior branding, to achieve premium margins – thus creating funds for strategic reinvestment in the brands to perpetuate this growth cycle. Our new organizational structure will further enable our businesses to win with their unique consumers and customers and beat the relevant competition.
We continue to deliver on our initiatives to achieve best cost in our manufacturing and sourcing operations and to leverage the power of One Newell Rubbermaid. Our Project Acceleration restructuring program, which produced cost savings of $60 million in 2007, remains on track to provide over $150 million in annualized savings by the end of 2009. We have begun consolidating our distribution and transportation activities across the com- pany to achieve better scale and efficiency.
Over the past two years, our distribution facility footprint has shrunk from almost 100 distribution centers to fewer than 80, with a goal of reaching approximately 50 over the next two years.
In October, we successfully launched SAP® atourNorthAmericanOfficeProducts business, marking the first major mile- stone in our multi-year rollout of this enterprise resource platform. SAP will be a key enabler of best-in-class business processes across the organization. We have invested significant resources in this project, and we are pleased to have had a seamless transition to the new system in our North American Office Products business. Our first launch has provided a useful roadmap and solid base of experi- ence to reapply as we approach our next
development, integrity and best-in-class results. I have learned from experience that cultural values can have as much impact on a company’s performance as its strategy. Our support of globally shared values and behaviors, directly linked to our vision, will enable us to deliver strong business results and successfully face even the most difficult challenges.
Levers for Sustainable Growth
As we look to 2008 and beyond, we are focused on achieving sustainable growth throughout the organization. We are invest- ing in building the long-term capabilities that build real shareholder value and con- fidence. I am proud of the men and women of Newell Rubbermaid for their hard work and dedication to delivering the positive
As we look to 2008 and beyond, we are focused on achieving sustainable growth throughout the organization.
go-live in the Home & Family segment later this year.
Lastly, we are continuing to effect the culture change necessary to support our evolution into a top-tier consumer branding and marketing company. As a company we have identified and embraced a common set of company values centered around consumer-focused brand building, collaboration, diversity and people
 Mark Ketchum
President and Chief Executive Officer


Our portfolio screening criteria targets companies with consumer-meaningful brands that are responsive to innovation and marketing, favorable customer and channel dynamics, global categories with strong margin and growth potential and synergy with our core categories and competencies.
results we have seen over the past two years. We recognize that an uncertain macroeconomic outlook in the United States will create additional headwinds for us in 2008. Despite these additional challenges, we remain confident that the diversity of our portfolio and the many growth levers in our control will enable us to continue driving top-line growth, expanding gross margins and growing operating income and earnings per share. Our continued investment in building Brands That Matter and developing long-term capabilities will be key.
One important lever is our healthy pipeline of new products. In 2008, we expect to have notable new product launches across all of our operating segments, some of which are featured in this annual report. We have attractive opportunities to grow share by offering differentiated products and great value. In most of our categories, market shares are not concentrated and competition is fragmented. During 2007, we achieved market share gains on several of our important brands including Dymo, Expo, Goody, Calphalon, Levolor, Lenox and Rubbermaid Commercial Products®.
In addition to consumer-meaningful inno- vation, the opportunities for near-neighbor
category expansion are very robust. As a case in point, our Rubbermaid Commercial business delivered double-digit sales growth in 2007, driven significantly by creative offerings in new product categories such as microfiber cleaning systems and deco- rative waste management. Finally, global penetration by many of our brands is low, which creates tremendous opportunities to expand internationally. During the year we experienced double-digit sales growth outside of the United States, and we expect this trend to continue in 2008.
Strategic acquisitions will also play
a role as we move forward. Our 2008 outlook anticipates healthy cash flow, in line with our performance in recent years. Over the years, successful major acquisitions such as Dymo and Lenox, as well as smaller additions to the port- folio, have helped us spur innovation and expand into new markets and product categories. The objective for all of our acquisitions is to enhance sustainable growth and to reward shareholders. Our portfolio screening criteria targets companies with consumer-meaningful brands that are responsive to innovation and marketing, favorable customer and channel dynamics, global categories with strong margin and growth potential
and synergy with our core categories and competencies. Looking across our portfolio, the most attractive acquisition targets today lie in Office Technology, Rubbermaid Commercial Products, Industrial Tools and all three categories within the Home & Family segment.
We are proud of the accomplishments of 2007 and the progress we have made in our transformation into a top-tier, consumer-branding and marketing orga- nization. Our ultimate goal is to be best- in-class, which we know will take several years to achieve. The good news is that we are reaping the benefits of our trans- formation at every step along the way. In 2008, we look forward to building upon the solid foundations laid over the past two years. It is an exciting time for Newell Rubbermaid. We thank you for your continued support and encourage you to watch what happens next.
Sincerely,
Mark D. Ketchum
President & Chief Executive Officer March 28, 2008
 
