  LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Mark D. Ketchum President and Chief Executive Officer
   Though much has changed in the world, in the economy and in the markets in which we compete, Newell Rubbermaid has maintained a steadfast focus on its journey of strategic transformation. Times are tough, but tough times will not get in the way of pursuing our vision to become a global company of Brands That MatterTM and great people known for best-in-class results.
We began 2008 with considerable momentum after returning the Company to two years of consecutive growth in sales and profitability. This momentum continued through the first half of 2008 with 60 percent of our businesses posting year-over-year sales growth. Even with cost pressures from record-high oil and commodity prices, our strategy was delivering the results we intended.
   1

    A SeA ChAnge in MACroeConoMiC ConditionS
Though we had anticipated a softening economy in 2008, no one could have predicted the series of events that unfolded in the third quarter. As we all now know, a convergence of economic forces, beginning with the collapse of the financial services sector in the U.S., sparked an economic melt- down that spread rapidly around the world. In the aftermath, credit markets tightened and consumer spending plummeted. At Newell Rubbermaid, we moved swiftly to manage through these worsening conditions.
In the third quarter, we announced a restructuring of our product portfolio to further reduce the Company’s expo- sure to volatile commodity markets by exiting product categories that represented approximately $500 million in sales. The businesses we chose to exit are characterized by high material costs, low margins and a consumer unwillingness to pay for innovation.
We expect these category exits to be substantially completed in 2009. Elsewhere in the Company, we
implemented more aggressive pricing to offset inflationary costs in many product categories. We also sharply reduced selling, general and adminis- trative expenses, predominantly in nonmarket-facing areas of our busi- ness. Despite these decisive actions, our 2008 financial results were mark- edly below our expectations at the outset of the year.
StrAtegieS More CritiCAl thAn ever
As we begin 2009, market conditions remain tough – the toughest that I have seen in my 37-year career – with no turnaround yet in sight. Yet, these conditions do not make our strategy any less relevant or our aspira- tions any less ambitious. The strategic initiatives that have been driving success in a good economy are even more critical in a bad economy. As the market size contracts, consumers
and retailers alike are even more interested in brands that offer superior performance and value. Our strategies – strengthening the portfolio, changing the business model to build brands that are responsive to consumer needs, and driving best cost and efficiency across the enterprise – are right for today’s tough times. We continue to make progress on all three.
tAilor-MAde ACquiSitionS
In 2008, we strengthened our portfolio through two acquisitions that fit our business criteria nicely. Aprica® is a leading Japanese brand of premium strollers, car seats and related juvenile products that has joined our Baby & Parenting Global Business Unit (GBU). Technical Concepts, which was added to our Rubbermaid Commercial Products GBU, is a leading global provider of innovative touch-free and automated restroom hygiene systems in the $2.5-billion, away-from-home washroom market.
   2
An Evolving Portfolio
During the past five years, we have dramatically reduced the percentage of our portfolio exhibiting a high degree of commoditization, while enhancing existing businesses or acquiring new ones that offer greater opportunities for market growth, product innovation and premium margins.

                                                    Both Aprica® and Technical ConceptsTM are strong brands with outstanding reputations for technological innovation. Both will leverage our existing sales and marketing infrastructure across new customer bases and product categories. Aprica® will accelerate our business in the Asia-Pacific region and in the fast-growing premium segment worldwide, while Technical ConceptsTM, which generates approximately
40 percent of its sales outside the U.S., significantly increases the global scope of our Commercial Products business. In short, Aprica® and Technical ConceptsTM are a win-win on multiple fronts for Newell Rubbermaid.
Solid new
ProduCt hitS
Within our existing portfolio, we continue to witness firsthand the business-building power of strong consumer insights and innovative product development that solves unmet consumer needs. Products such as the Graco® NautilusTM 3-in-1
% of Net Sales
n Affordable Luxury
n Premium Consumer
n Commercial/Industrial
n Commoditized Products
car seat, Rubbermaid Produce SaverTM food storage containers, Sharpie® Pens, and Lenox T2TM Reciprocating Saw Blades were noteworthy successes in 2008.
The launch of these products and others stands as tangible evidence that we are transforming Newell Rubbermaid into an organization known for brand-building excellence. During the past 12 months we have invested, and will continue to do so, in marketing and sales training programs critical to supporting a business model that boasts world-class brands and wins market share.
enhAnCed effiCienCy And effeCtiveneSS
Our ability to fund this investment is largely due to the significant oper- ating efficiencies we have realized in recent years. Between 2005 and 2007, for example, gross margins improved almost 450 basis points. Though extraordinary economic forces set us back in 2008, we still
accomplished much to drive best costs and best practices throughout the Company.
Much of our work to rationalize our manufacturing and sourcing footprint is complete. We continue to optimize our distribution and transportation network, most recently opening a new consolidated Southeast distribution center in early 2009. This project, along with others, will ensure that our Project Acceleration restructuring program remains on track to achieve between $175 million and $200 million in annualized cost savings by the end of 2010.
During 2008, three of the businesses in our Home & Family segment imple- mented the second phase of our Company-wide SAP information system rollout. We consolidated a number of locations into our new corporate offices in Atlanta and into regional headquarters in Paris and Hong Kong, enhancing efforts to leverage scale, best practices and teamwork on a global basis.
      2003
4% 32% 20% 44%
2007
8% 57% 23% 12%
2009E
12% 57% 27%
4%
3

    Transformation Timeline
2005 2006 2007 2008
    • Mark Ketchum, named interim president and CEO, introduces a strategy of consumer- driven innovation and marketing to create Brands That Matter TM
• Acquired Dymo, a global leader in providing innovative labeling solutions
• Launched Project Acceleration, a global, multi-year restructuring initiative to achieve best cost in manufacturing and supply chain
• Achieved “growth trifecta” of increases in sales, gross margin and EPS for the first time in four years
• Streamlined portfolio and divested several non-strategic businesses
• Consolidated key administrative functions and expanded shared services initiatives to optimize efficiency and reduce costs
• • •
Continued “growth trifecta” with top-line growth, gross margin expansion and earnings growth
Successfully implemented the first phase of SAP, a key enabler of best-in-class business processes
Acquired Endicia, a leading provider of online postage solutions, and Teutonia, a top-selling European premium stroller provider Introduced a global business unit (GBU) structuretoleverageinnovationandaccelerate growth across all regions
• Acquired Aprica,® a leading Japanese brand of premium strollers and car seats, and Technical Concepts, a leading global provider of commercial touch-free and automated restroom hygiene systems
• Successfully implemented second phase of SAP
• Initiated a comprehensive portfolio rational- ization plan to reduce commodity exposure and improve profitability
• Implementedcost-savingsprogramto reduce structural SG&A expenses by more than $100 million
• Increased marketing and R&D investments by50% •
   CleAr goAlS in 2009
There is no question that the year at hand will test our brands, businesses and management as never before. While our long-term strategy remains intact, we will give increased attention to short-term tactical measures that will maneuver us through this economy. Our focus will be on fewer, bigger and better initiatives that deliver the greatest return. We will operate as lean and nimble an organization
as possible. Reduced costs in all nonessential areas will enable us to maintain spending in areas that create brand awareness and demand.
Our goals are straightforward. We intend to weather these economic
challenges and emerge from the recession stronger, leaner and more competitive. We seek to gain market share – a metric that we can grow even in a contracting market. We will aggressively manage costs to protect earnings, maximize cash flow and fortify the balance sheet. We will do whatever is necessary to adapt our business to new realities.
Much of my confidence in our future rests with the thousands of Newell Rubbermaid men and women who have accomplished so much since we began this journey of transformation together. I thank our employees for what they have accomplished in recent years, and for the strength and
perseverance that will be required
to achieve our 2009 objectives.
I also extend my appreciation to our customers and shareholders for their support. Our journey continues, and we are committed to making it a rewarding one for each of you.
Sincerely,
Mark D. Ketchum
President and Chief Executive Officer
April 3, 2009
    4
