   Michael B. Polk
Newell Rubbermaid performed solidly in 2013, demonstrating sequential improvement over 2012 and delivering on our promise to consistently do what we say we are going to do. We’re streamlining our organization, investing in our best ideas and implementing the key drivers that will fuel consistent, sustainable and profitable growth for Newell Rubbermaid. The Growth Game Plan is our road map for accelerated performance,
TO OUR
Shareholders:
President and and we have begun to see the strengthening of our results. Chief Executive Officer
DELIVERING STRONG RESULTS
Newell Rubbermaid’s core sales grew 3.2 percent in 2013. Our normalized operating margin increased 30 basis points to 13.3 percent. Normalized earnings per share rose 9.6 percent to $1.83, an all-time record, while operating cash flow came in at $605 million. These strong results allowed us to reward shareholders by allocating $644 million to dividend payments and share repurchases.
Our segment results were equally encouraging. Core sales grew across all segments, led by Baby & Parenting, which delivered outstanding 10.2 percent year-over-year growth. This segment is an early success story in our Growth Game Plan strategy. Driven by insights, product innovation and strong customer development execution, our Baby business has successfully transitioned from an “Incubate for Growth” to a “Win Where We Are” part of our portfolio.
Core sales in the Tools segment rose 3.4 percent, largely attributable to our success in Brazil with expanded product offerings. Both our innovative double-sided hacksaw launch and expansion of our portfolio of hand tools have driven share and distribution gains in Brazil.
Our Commercial Products segment grew core sales 3.9 percent, fueled by distribution wins in North America and strength in Latin America, where we are investing in selling systems and local manufacturing.
In the Writing segment, core sales grew modestly. Strong growth in Latin America and continued share gains for our Sharpie® and Paper Mate® brands, driven by new product innovation and increased advertising and promotion, were offset by weakness in our Fine Writing business and in the office superstore channel.
3
N e w e l l R u b b e r m a i d | 2 0 1 3 A n n u a l R e p o r t

             NET SALES (In billions)
Our Home Solutions segment grew core sales 2.9 percent on the success of our Furious Five promotional campaigns on Rubbermaid® products and significant new distribution for the Calphalon® business.
$5.51 $5.58
$5.69
2011 2012 2013
• Expansion of the Irwin® tool line in Brazil and strengthening our company’s National Tradesmen Day • Commercial Products innovation, featuring a new line of hospitality products for five-star hotels
Growth throughout our business is the direct result of focusing our people
and financial resources
on delivering new ideas
to market in 2013.
breakthrough advertising for Paper Mate® InkJoy® pens
• The Furious Five, our first-ever set of merchandising events on a corporate scale.
CORE SALES GROWTH
There is a new Newell Rubbermaid that is beginning to come into focus. While we’re very pleased with our progress, we believe there is more opportunity ahead of us than behind us. The past two years have been about establishing the Growth Game Plan and putting it into action. In 2014, our operating model will move into a higher gear — one that increases the impact of our emerging capabilities in Design, Marketing, Customer Development and Supply Chain.
2.9% 2.6%
2011 2012 2013
3.2%
In early 2014, we will open our new design center in Kalamazoo, Michigan, and our marketing and insights teams are filling the innovation funnel with new ideas and concepts that are achieving positive test results. These ideas, when supported with stronger advertising and increased investment, will help distinguish our brands in the marketplace and accelerate the company’s growth trajectory.
We strengthened our portfolio during 2013 with the successful disposal of our Hardware and Teach Platform businesses. Sharpening the portfolio has enabled us to focus our attention on scaling our five core business segments.
Growth throughout our business is the direct result of focusing our people and financial resources on delivering new ideas to market in 2013. This focus resulted in a number of great wins including:
• Sustained strong innovations on Baby, like our Graco® FastActionTM fold joggers and Graco® ModesTM 3-in-1 strollers
called Executive Series
• The introduction of Sharpie® Neon markers, ongoing support for Sharpie® metallic markers and
These and other brand-support efforts were funded through Project Renewal, our multi-year cost savings initiative, which is allowing us to significantly increase investments in consumer insights, design, marketing and e-commerce support for targeted brands and business segments. Through the end of 2013, Project Renewal resulted in cumulative savings of approximately $200 million. These savings have enabled us to increase investment in advertising and to establish a new set of winning capabilities.
NEW CAPABILITIES, NEW POTENTIAL
4
Newell Rubbermaid | 2013 Annual Report

           NORMALIZED EARNINGS PER SHARE
Our new global Supply Chain organization will sustain savings and efficiency programs at levels consistent with Project Renewal. This level of productivity and efficiency will ensure that we have the funds to support an increasingly strong pipeline of growth ideas from Marketing and Design. Our efforts will focus across all five supply chain disciplines of Plan, Source, Make, Deliver, and Serve.
$1.67 $1.56
2011 2012 2013
I’m proud of what the Newell Rubbermaid team has achieved in the 10 quarters since we embarked on this journey. Whether I look at our innovation pipeline, our new global supply chain function, or deeper customer partnerships, I see many impactful activities that did not even exist a year ago. That’s how far we have travelled and how fast we are moving. That’s the power of the Growth Game Plan.
DIVIDENDS PAID PER SHARE
Our people are energized by our progress and excited about the challenge of capturing Newell Rubbermaid’s full upside potential. We’ve come a long way, but we’re not yet where we want to be. This team has proven they can drive delivery while simultaneously driving change, so we’re excited by what comes next. The promise of the Growth Game Plan is increasingly becoming a reality.
$0.43 $0.29
Michael B. Polk
President and Chief Executive Officer
2011
2012 2013
$1.83
At the same time, Customer Development will become the partner for growth for our customers. We will work strategically with customers to grow our categories through integrated marketing
and merchandising plans that leverage the increasing deep set of growth ideas we bring to market. Customer Development will increase collaboration and invest in new capabilities such as category management, shopper insight, and shopper marketing. The resulting joint business plans we develop will create a competitive advantage for Newell Rubbermaid as we work to comparatively grow the market and build our brands.
$0.60
MORE TO COME
On behalf of all my colleagues at Newell Rubbermaid, thank you for your support throughout 2013.
5
Newell Rubbermaid | 2013 Annual Report
