To Our Stockholders
The 2012 fiscal year was challenging for Quanex on multiple fronts.
However, even as we faced both internal and external difficulties, our
teams kept in mind the long-term goals and objectives of our business,
employees, and customers, as we continued building strength for the
future of Quanex Building Products.
Among the various challenges were continued weak prime window
demand, particularly in the remodel and repair market, a nine month
labor dispute at our Nichols Aluminum business, and a weather-related
roof collapse at our Barbourville, KY, insulating glass spacer facility. I’m
proud of the way our employees faced these challenges, keeping our
long-term focus and working hard to ensure our future success. We
invested in our systems, equipment, and people throughout the year.
We developed tools to listen more closely and be more attentive to our
customers’ needs. We transformed our various brands worldwide to
better leverage Quanex. We grew our Engineered Products Group
(“EPG”) significantly, and they continued to outperform their end
market (when compared to U.S. window shipments as reported by
Ducker Worldwide).
Throughout the year, Quanex has been building strength in our
Engineered Products Group. Engineered Products serves the global
window and door industry with components that allow window
fabricators to build high performance, energy efficient window and
door systems. Our insulating glass spacer systems, PVC profiles and
screen products are some of the best in the industry and used by the
leading window fabricators. In the globally depressed construction
markets, our Engineered Products Group grew revenues by 14%, 6%
organically. Margins at Engineered Products were respectable,
considering the heavy investment made in restructuring our IG spacer
business, and we are positioned for improvement in 2013.
Over the last two years, we have been investing in enterprise resource
planning (ERP) software systems to have a common platform and
capability to drive the future of Quanex. The end goal is to have one
system to service our internal and external customers. We delayed the
launch of the first three locations by several months to ensure the
quality and robustness of the system. We will go live during the first half
of 2013, and work for deployment across all Quanex locations over the
next three years. Investing in these ERP systems is critical to the long
term efficiency and competitiveness of a business. Quanex has been
running on multiple, outdated systems, some of which have been added
over time through acquisition. Through a common software platform
and standardization across the various businesses, we will have more
efficient processes, more insightful information, and reduced waste.
Despite several successes, Quanex lost money in 2012. Our
consolidated results were disappointing, as revenue growth and
improved profitability in our Engineered Products Group could not
overcome the $11 million in direct strike-related losses incurred at
Nichols Aluminum, and the significant investments we are making in
Quanex. Even so, EPG generated $56.6 million of EBITDA on sales of
$478.6 million, and all in, Quanex reported $12.6 million of EBITDA for
2012 on consolidated sales of $829 million.*
We began our 2012 fiscal year with the announcement of a $16 million
investment in our Insulating Glass (IG) Systems business to consolidate
our North American operations. When we purchased Edgetech in April
2011, we envisioned improved earnings capability through international
growth and consolidation of our domestic operations. In November
2011, we put plans in motion to close our 225,000 square foot
Barbourville, KY, manufacturing plant. Our 12-month goal was to
consolidate the Barbourville and Cambridge factories to create a North
American manufacturing flagship. In April 2012, an intense
thunderstorm accelerated that plan. Heavy rain, wind, and hail resulted
in a roof collapse that affected 25% of the Barbourville plant, including
manufacturing equipment. People were hurt, thankfully none seriously.
Key equipment was severely damaged, resulting in a shutdown of the
plant. Our team quickly accelerated the relocation initiative, shortening
the plan by three months. Faced with adversity, the Quanex team
reacted quickly and effectively, completing the facility consolidation in
nine months, and keeping our customers supplied with our IG products.
I am very proud of our team and their leadership for how they handled
the unexpected. The IG facility consolidation is expected to deliver $8
million of annual savings, and the overall payback for the cost of the
project is slightly less than three years. The IG team also completed the
start-up of our Heinsberg, Germany manufacturing site, which allowed
our European IG spacer sales to increase by 33% in 2012. We ended the
year with a global leadership position in warm edge IG spacers,
production capabilities in three countries, and positioned to serve the
growing world market in warm edge IG spacer products as building
codes move toward higher energy efficiency standards.
In December 2011, the four year labor agreement with the Teamsters
Union at our Nichols Aluminum facilities in Davenport, Iowa expired.
The union elected to strike beginning January 20, 2012, and the strike
lasted 12 weeks. Quanex’s goal in negotiating with the union was to
modernize the labor agreement so that Nichols could remain
competitive in the aluminum industry, while offering a fair and
competitive pay and benefits package to employees. During the strike,
we kept Nichols running through the efforts of our management team
and non-union replacement workers. This team of Quanex employees
showed great fortitude and dedication to our customers, keeping them
supplied with aluminum sheet. A labor agreement was reached on
September 25, 2012. The strike hurt our business, our customers, our
employees and our shareholders and for that, I apologize. No one wins
in a labor dispute. The financial losses were punishing. Our future goals
at Nichols are straightforward: dramatically improve the operating
performance of the business, and improve quality, on-time delivery,
customer service and satisfaction. Today we are working hard to move
toward these goals. Leading the journey is Russ Brown, who was named
President of Nichols Aluminum in July. We will also increase our
investment in Nichols to improve their operating capability, reliability,
service, and delivery. Nichols is now well-positioned to return to
profitability in 2013. The labor agreement, capital and maintenance
investments, and the advancements in Lean Six Sigma projects in the
business will drive operational improvements, many of which I am
already seeing. We believe that as the economy strengthens and the
construction markets in North America recover, we will realize the
benefits from our investments and improved service to customers, and
we will enjoy higher revenue growth and profitability from our
aluminum business.
Most recently, we acquired the assets of Alumco, a producer of window
screens to the vinyl window market under the Aluminite brand.
Aluminite has nine facilities that increase our regional footprint and our
ability to serve existing customers. In addition, because Aluminite is
focused on providing screens to the manufacturers of vinyl windows,
they are complementary to Quanex’s focus on supplying screens to
wood window makers in addition to vinyl profiles to vinyl window
manufacturers. Lastly, they increase the options we offer on our online
screen replacement program, “Screen It Again” (screenitagain.com).
Looking forward, 2013 will be the first year since Quanex Building
Products was created that our end markets are forecasted to improve.
We believe that new residential construction activity in the United
States will increase substantially and that a multi-year recovery to
normal levels is underway. We remain cautious in the short term on the
repair and replacement markets for windows, but know over the long
term demand will eventually improve. As our end markets recover, we
expect to see returns from the significant investments we have been
making in our people, our infrastructure and our systems to provide
market-leading, innovative products to our customers and drive
superior customer service.
No doubt we are building strength in Quanex at all levels of the
business, both organically and through acquisition, and the Quanex
team proved their agility and dedication when dealing with a variety of
business challenges. Thank you to our customers, our employees, our
board of directors and our shareholders for helping us build for the
future success of our business.
My very best,

