Investing In Growth
To Our Shareholders

Quanex Building Products continued to outperform its end markets. Economically, it has been challenging over the last few years, but the past 18 months has shown that our team can take a heavy economic punch, shake it off and prosper. The work we did during 2010 also revealed expansion opportunities that exist within our businesses. In the worst economic crisis to face the building industry, Quanex grew impressively across its businesses and improved profitability. And we have what it will take to be successful in the years ahead ­ both internally and externally. Our dedicated teams continue to drive toward improvements in safety and health, deliver world class quality through Lean Six Sigma, listen to the voice of the customer and benchmark performance with the best in this industry. We are focused on leading the fenestration industry in energy efficiency with world class products, innovation and service. Opportunities that will shape our success will come from our own strategic choices and our commitment to continuous improvement in everything we do. Quanex Building Products' end markets remained depressed in 2010. Residential repair & remodeling and housing starts, which we consider the main drivers of our industry, continue to be historically weak. In order to prosper in this environment, we knew market share gains were critical to our success and we delivered. Quanex revenues grew 36% year-over-year. The Aluminum Sheet Products segment was the strongest with 64% growth over last year, followed by Engineered Products with an increase of 12%. There are few companies in the residential building products space that come close to our growth performance.

During the year, we improved our profitability. Our Engineered Products businesses improved profit margins to 2007 levels when demand was significantly higher. Aluminum Sheet Products volumes in 2010 were about equal to 2006. We ended our fiscal year with $187 million in cash, less than $2 million in debt and an acquisition pipeline that has never been stronger. Our cash generation was again outstanding. During the year, we ramped up our commitment to Lean Six Sigma. Our goal is to have every employee trained in Lean Six Sigma over the next 24 months. We also continued our investments in building the safest and healthiest work force in our industry through on site health risk assessments and required safety training for all employees. Our employees took advantage of health risk assessments and our health care cost increase projections for 2011 are below national averages. Quanex's safety performance leveled off after two years of significant reductions in incidents. Even though our safety performance is below industry averages, I rate it a disappointment. We are re-doubling our efforts for improved safety in the coming year. Quanex Building Products is focused on growth. In January 2010, we launched Project Nexus to combine the sales and marketing teams of the three businesses under our Engineered Products (EPG) segment ­ Mikron, Truseal and Homeshield. We drove major change throughout the year to better position our sales and marketing resources and unlock additional opportunities with existing customers as well as an under-

Our Mission
Become the leading manufacturer of fenestration systems and components, recognized for innovation, product and process technology, best-in-class customer service and excellent returns.

Our Creed

Continuous Improvement & Innovation R espect with Open & Honest Communication Excellent Customer Service Exemplify Safe & Healthy Living Do the Right Thing

Our Teams
"Our teams are committed to world class safety and health and operational excellence. We continue to harness our capabilities to deliver outstanding fenestration products and services resulting in superior shareholder returns." Dave Petratis

04 | Investments In A Bright Future

served base of regional customers. Today we have 31 sales people representing the three combined businesses, calling on customers in the North American fenestration market and selling our entire portfolio of window and door components, products and systems. We have successfully transformed to a more collaborative structure under Project Nexus. It is now the way we do business at Quanex and we are seeing the potential of opening up our product portfolio to new customers, expanding it for existing customers, and the benefits from a more efficient and productive use of our total sales and marketing resources. And the companies in our marketplace are now starting to understand our full story. At the 2010 GlassBuild show held in September, we showcased the EPG businesses under new Quanex branding for the first time. Our combined presence helped our customers and the fenestration industry grasp the full capabilities of our Mikron, Truseal and Homeshield businesses. The industry recognized us with the Crystal Award for innovation and the Green Award for energy efficiency and we are all very proud! Quanex is well positioned for growth. Throughout its history, Quanex has had a heritage of growth through acquisition. With significant cash reserves and an untapped credit facility, we have the means and are ready to purchase assets if they meet our criteria to support our strategy as a leader in the fenestration components markets, build on our portfolio of process and product technologies, and have revenue and cost synergies. The global fenestration industry is currently a $135 billion market; we can grow organically in addition to

having the strength to grow through merger and acquisition if it makes operational and financial sense and will enhance our return to long-term shareholders. The economic outlook in 2011 and beyond is uncertain. Indeed, the US economy may have a long way to full recovery. The end markets that drive our business, residential repair and remodeling and housing starts, are expected to remain tepid in the near term. In the "new normal," we must aggressively drive organic growth, innovation, price realization, productivity improvements and deliver world class quality and customer satisfaction. This must be done with the highest level of safety and health for each of our employees. At Quanex Building Products we will continue to work hard, stay safe and offer the products and services that have allowed us to outperform in any market. Many thanks to our employees for their hard work and dedication, to our board of directors for their leadership and to our shareholders for their confidence and commitment to Quanex Building Products. My very best,

Dave Petratis Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

Project Nexus
Expect to hear less and less about Project Nexus as we have now accomplished the combined go-to-market growth strategy and business structure we proposed. Over the past year, we have put the teams in place to collaboratively innovate new products, market them to the industry and represent our entire arsenal of new and aftermarket fenestration components to each customer. We are now building on our existing technological infrastructure to support these teams and their customers with cutting-edge capabilities. And our work continues as we partner with associates to establish Quanex as the energy efficiency expert within the window and door markets.

Quanex 2010 Annual Report | 05

