 To our ShareholderS
2010 is here, and The New York Times Company is continuing to make the transition from an enterprise
that operated primarily in print to one that is increas-
ingly digital and multiplatform in delivery and global in reach. The New York Times, New England and Regional Media Groups and the About Group all made significant contributions to this long-term effort to achieve genuine transformation and improve our performance. This process has required rethinking, reinventing, risk-taking, sacrifice, creativity and hard decisions. While it is never easy for an organization to redefine itself, it is much more difficult to achieve this goal in the midst of such unusual and stark economic circumstances.
In 2009 we contended with an unsettled national economy that disrupted virtually every sector, adversely affecting consumer demand and severely limiting future visibility.
Yet we kept faith in our journalistic mission, fought aggres- sively for every dollar, invested in new products and tech- nology, improved our financial flexibility, streamlined costs, and won numerous awards in journalism, technology and diversity. We will need to build upon these accomplishments in the months ahead as the environment we operate in continues to evolve.
We express gratitude to our colleagues across the world for all they achieved in a most challenging year. It was with great sadness that we parted ways with many valued colleagues and friends in 2009; their contributions will not soon be forgotten. Future generations will look back at 2009 with deep respect for what courageous and innovative Times Company men and women were able to accomplish.
2009 Results
To begin, we will review The New York Times Company’s 2009 results. Rooted in innovation, strategic discipline
and long-term thinking, we have implemented a series of journalistic, financial and operational actions that position us for future growth while also benefiting us in the near-term.
Total revenues in 2009 were $2.4 billion, a decrease of 17% from $2.9 billion in 2008. In the face of the widespread advertising downturn, our revenues from advertising, our primary revenue source, fell 25%. This was offset in part by a 3% increase in circulation revenues, which are derived from home-delivery and newsstand sales.
We continued our strong expense discipline last year, build- ing on our multiyear progress to restructure our cost base, as evidenced in the 17% decline in operating costs in 2009.
In 2009 we reported operating profit of $74 million com- pared with an operating loss of $41 million in 2008. Operat- ing profit, excluding depreciation, amortization, severance and special items, was $320 million in 2009 compared with $382 million in 2008, as we dealt with the economic reces- sion and the very difficult advertising environment.*
Repositioning for Growth
Our 2009 results reflect the positive impact of the aggressive actions we have taken to reposition our businesses for the evolving media landscape. These actions included:
n Securing strong performance on costs, focusing relentlessly
on increasing productivity and efficiency as we restructured
our cost base;
n Diversifying our revenue streams, including increasing
revenues from our digital sources, introducing an array of new products and innovations, and extending our reach to new audiences;
n Leveraging our brand strength to grow profitable circula- tion revenue, where we believe — and have been proven right — that continued strong demand for our high-quality news and information is a testament to the value they provide; and
n Managing and rebalancing our asset portfolio to strengthen our core operations and enhance our digital presence.
These are important initiatives that have yielded positive results. A recent example of our repositioning effort was our announcement that we will be implementing a paid model for NYTimes.com at the beginning of 2011. We chose
a metered approach that will offer users free access to a
set number of articles per month and then begin charging users once they exceed that number. Fundamentally, we are taking this important step to support The New York Times’s esteemed journalism.
Differentiation
As we enter this new era, we have repeatedly differentiated The New York Times Company and its branded offerings from its competition in many important ways, including:
n Award-winning journalism covering the global news cycle
around the clock.
n Trusted brands and demographically desirable, highly loyal
audiences greatly prized by advertisers.
n A comprehensive, multiplatform strategy that effectively
reaches our audiences through print, online, mobile, social
media platforms and reader application products.
n A large national advertising presence, with The New York
Times far less dependent on classified and retail advertis- ing than other daily papers; The Boston Globe also has a higher percentage of national advertising than the indus- try average.
n Solid NYTimes.com performance in premium display advertising that enables it to compete more effectively
*A reconciliation of operating profit before depreciation, amortization, severance and special items to operating profit under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States is included in our fourth-quarter and full-year 2009 earnings release, available at www.nytco.com.
 2009 annual report

 on the Web while having less exposure to the challenged
online classified categories.
n Smart cost reductions that preserve our journalism.
n The search advertising market expertise of About.com,
which provides a substantial competitive advantage across the Company’s digital offerings.
Award-Winning Journalism
The core strength of our brands is grounded in the quality
of our reporting and content. Throughout the Company, our newspapers and Web sites continued to provide our readers with award-winning journalism. Specifically, The Times won five Pulitzer Prizes in 2009 in the categories of breaking news, investigative reporting, international reporting, art criticism and feature photography.
Circulation Revenue Growth
Our respected brands have garnered continued growth in print circulation revenues, which rose 3% in 2009 — mainly because of higher subscription and newsstand prices
at The Times and the Globe — despite lower circulation volume. Over the past few years, our newspapers have been focusing on a strategy of reducing less profitable circulation and raising circulation prices.
The positive revenue results from these price increases confirm that our journalism is highly valued by our readers. This speaks to our continuing effort to build and enhance the quality circulation that is so coveted by our advertisers.
And this is a very loyal audience. The reader retention rates for The Times and the Globe are enviable: For subscribers of two years or more, the rate is roughly 90% for both papers. In fact, The Times has more than 820,000 readers who have been subscribing to the print edition for two years or more, up from 650,000 in 2000.
Extending Our Reach
As newspapers in major metro areas face increasingly difficult environments and cut deeply into their editorial resources, The Times has expanded its marketing efforts in many of these places. We have also added local content to The Times’s coverage — in both print and online — on Fridays and Sundays in the San Francisco and Chicago areas. These new pages, as well as new city blogs, complement the national and global coverage that has made The Times a popular news provider. Our intent is to roll out our expanded reports in several other key markets across the country by collaborating with local journalists and news organizations.
Multiplatform Strategy
Extending our reach is an integral component of our Company’s multiplatform strategy. This goal is driving our investments in our online businesses, as well as our relentless efforts to grow our audiences in print, online, mobile, social media and reader application products. As a result, more
people now read our content in more places than at any other point in Times history.
Our digital experience has proven that product and organizational innovation can yield sizable advertising results. We have used our new ad units and formats, our integrated print and online sales structure, our optimized sales channels strategy, and our enhanced selling and management tools to better serve the ever-changing needs of our customers. This has enabled The Times to be the market leader for national print newspapers, to compete aggressively for online market share and to develop a reputation for innovative thinking.
In total, revenues from the Company’s Internet businesses accounted for 14% of revenues in 2009 versus 12% in 2008. As we continue our transition from a company that operated primarily in print to one that is increasingly digital in focus and multiplatform in delivery, online revenues are becoming a more important part of our mix.
Enhancing Our Business Model
As we mentioned earlier, our new metered model,
which will provide an additional online revenue stream, will be an important part of our future. The metered approach has a number of virtues: Its flexibility allows
us to keep a proper ratio between free content and paid content, preserve our successful advertising business and remain a vibrant part of the search-driven Web. These are all essential from a financial perspective.
We recognize that our success will be judged by how well we execute this effort, and that is why we are waiting until 2011. We are determined to make subscribing as smooth
as possible, and we are working toward integrating our customer management systems so we can ensure a friction- less user interface for home-delivery subscribers, who will continue to enjoy free access. It will take some time to build, test and deploy the best systems, and it will take time to get this right. But we will.
Moving with appropriate care will also allow us to fully exploit a future that is right at our doorstep. As we look ahead, we see a broad range of new devices coming to market that will provide mobility, connectivity and rich media experiences, and our pricing plans and policies must reflect this vision.
Advertising Innovation
As with print, we are focused on digital ad product innovation to maintain our position as a leading site for premium branding on the Web. Leveraging our Research & Development Group and new technological competen- cies, we are helping advertisers adjust to the changing needs of consumers and seize opportunities to align and differentiate their brands with our high-quality content.
 2009 annual report

 Our innovative executions, such as the large-format display ad units that debuted last year, have become an important part of this effort.
Advertisers are coming to us for help in determining how to spend their marketing budgets and position their products, taking advantage of our reputation as a premier environment for online brand advertising.
Embracing New Mediums
Mobile: We are also using technology and product innovation to enhance the user experience on all of our platforms. Mobile is an excellent example. With The Times mobile site expe- riencing enormous growth, we have introduced a number
of new products to expand our mobile presence and make our content easily accessible to audiences, regardless of the platform. Combining The Times mobile Web site, iPhone app, Palm Pre app and BlackBerry app, we have approximately 75 million monthly page views on mobile.
E-Readers: Another focus of user innovation has been on e-readers, where we also have been a leader. In 2007 we intro- duced Times Reader, our latest digital newspaper reader. And in late 2009, the GlobeReader was updated with new features and functionality. We were also early adopters on the Amazon Kindle with The Times, the Globe and the International Herald Tribune. Since its launch in 2007, The Times has gener- ally been the No. 1 newspaper in the Amazon Kindle store.
Social Networking: We are making the best use of the explo- sion in social media sites and introducing a growing online constituency to our brand and content. On Twitter, The Times has one of the largest audiences among media brands — with its main feed attracting more than 2 million followers — and on Facebook, The Times has been fanned by more than 500,000 Facebook members.
About Group
Not to be overlooked in any summary of our assets is
our advantageous acquisition of About.com. In its five years as part of our Company, we have invested in About.com to enhance its offerings and to extend its reach, and it has grown to be an important part of our organiza- tion. And over the last two years, About.com has taken
a number of steps to further improve its sales initiatives, including expanding the professional expertise of its sales team, revamping its marketing strategy and developing new offerings for marketers.
Total revenues at the About Group rose 5% to $121 million
in 2009 due to higher cost-per-click advertising. Growth in advertising revenues, which were up 7%, and strong expense control enabled the Group to increase its operating profit 29% last year to $51 million. The About Group’s operating margin expanded to 42% in 2009, up from 34% in 2008.
About.com is uniquely positioned to deliver expert editorial content to users and deliberate consumers to advertisers.
It has nearly 800 Guides and editors developing original content on more than 70,000 topics, including extensive and growing video assets. Since the majority of its traffic comes from search, this means that most of its audiences are actively seeking information that is personally relevant. The About Group’s strategic development has positioned it to capture a meaningful share of display ads while defending its strong position in search.
Managing and Rebalancing Our Asset Portfolio
We have been managing and rebalancing our asset portfo- lio to strengthen our core operations. Assets sold in 2009 include WQXR-FM, a New York City classical radio station; the TimesDaily in Florence, Ala.; and real estate assets in our Regional Media Group. The proceeds from these sales were used to reduce our outstanding debt balance.
In response to the challenging environment, the Globe imple- mented a strategic plan that included the consolidation of its printing facilities, an increase in circulation prices, a reduc- tion in compensation and headcount, and extensive negotia- tions with its unions, resulting in amendments to collective bargaining agreements ratified by employees of the Globe represented by various unions.
During 2009 we also explored a potential sale of the New England Media Group, but after careful consideration and analysis, we terminated the process in the fourth quarter. We are pleased with the significant progress that has been made at both the Globe and the Telegram & Gazette and look forward to continued improvement at all of our New England properties.
In addition, for the past couple of years we have been con- solidating operations, improving efficiencies and focusing on innovation at our Regional Media Group.
Restructuring Our Cost Base
During 2009 we demonstrated the ability to re-engineer our cost base, improve our financial flexibility and reposition the Company for the future.
It is critical to appreciate that these efforts are not about securing short-term benefits in the expense line. They are about fundamentally altering the way we do business, which in turn we expect will have a significant impact on our performance going forward. This is progress that builds on our multiyear drive to realign our cost base.
Operating costs declined 17% as reductions occurred in nearly all major expense categories. For the year we achieved $475 million in savings while continuing to develop innova- tive products based on our high-quality journalism.
 2009 annual report

 Our cost-restructuring efforts have focused on evaluating employee-related costs, developing the strategic plan for
the Globe, streamlining operations, and increasing efficien- cies and closing businesses. Since wages and benefits are
the single largest component of our operational costs, we examined our medical and pension benefits and staffing levels to uncover greater efficiencies. We will continue to real- ize significant savings from our reduced number of full-time equivalent employees, which declined by 18% in 2009.
In 2010 we also expect to see the full-year benefit of several actions we took during 2009, including the consolidation
of printing plants and the restructured labor agreements in Boston and the freezing of benefits under various Company- sponsored qualified and non-qualified pension plans. As always, we will carefully manage our cost-reduction measures so that we maintain both the quality of our journalism and the smooth functioning of our business operations.
Allocating Capital and Improving Liquidity
Debt restructuring has been a key area of strategic focus that contributes to the improved positioning and financial stabil- ity of our Company as we look to the future. We have been proactive and disciplined in addressing our long-term debt obligations, and we have made significant progress in lower- ing our total debt level through cash flow from operations, divestiture activities, suspension of dividend payments and other actions. Our total debt level decreased to $769 million at the end of 2009, down from $1.1 billion at the end of 2008.
In early 2009, we completed a private transaction for $250 million in senior unsecured notes and warrants. In March,
we completed a sale-leaseback financing for $225 million for part of the space that we own and occupy in our New York City headquarters. The proceeds from these transactions were used to repay existing debt, including $250 million in bonds that were due in March 2010. As a result of these actions and proceeds from divestitures, we have significantly reduced debt and lengthened our debt profile, and now the majority of our debt matures in 2015 or later.
In addition to our expense and debt reductions, we have taken other steps to improve our liquidity. Last year our capital expenditures were $45 million, down from $127 million in 2008. In 2010 we project capital spending will be between $40 and $50 million.
In Appreciation
When you step back and look at the broad outlines of what we have achieved in the midst of very difficult circumstances, it becomes clear that our long-term strategy is working and that The New York Times Company is well-prepared for the challenges of 2010 and the coming decade.
We are doing this with the extraordinary support of our employees. Without a doubt, the Times Company’s greatest asset is the collective strength, ingenuity and creativity of our people. We recognize the enormous efforts they are making and greatly appreciate their dedication and hard work. We are also deeply grateful for the loyalty and support of our readers, advertisers and you, our fellow shareholders.
We want to express our gratitude to our Board of Direc- tors for its dedication and helpful guidance and counsel. In particular, we thank Bill Kennard, who left our Board in November 2009 to serve as the U.S. Representative to the European Union, with the rank of ambassador, as well as Dan Cohen and Scott Galloway, who have chosen not to stand for re-election.
Success in the New Decade
We are about to enter our 159th year. We have traveled from the height of the American Industrial Revolution to the unfolding of the Digital Age. We have not only reported on everything between these two bookends of history, but we have also found ways to accommodate and exploit the new businesses, technologies and audiences of each era.
As we begin this new decade, we believe we are well- positioned and well-equipped to continue our company-wide process of transformation. Our ideas, strategies and compe- tencies give us the tools and the vision we need to capitalize on the innumerable news and business opportunities that are before us. With all this in mind, we are confident that The New York Times Company will continue to build on its strong journalistic and business foundation and provide our readers with the high-quality news and information they want and need.
Arthur Sulzberger, Jr.
Chairman
Janet L. Robinson
President and CEO
February 22, 2010
   2009 annual report
