To Our Shareholders /
Transformation takes time, determination and focus. In a difficult year for the media industry, The New York Times Company made significant strides in our transition from a company focused primarily on print to one that is increasingly digital in focus and multiplatform in delivery. We are guided by a multiyear strategy designed to meet the demands of a marketplace that has been reconfigured technologically, eco- nomically and geographically.
There are four key elements to our strategy:
– introducing new products both in print and online, – building our research and development capability, – rebalancing our portfolio of businesses and
– aggressively managing costs.
In each of these areas we made substantial progress in 2007. Operating profit from continuing operations increased to $227 million from a loss of $521 million in 2006, when we had a non-cash charge of $814 million for the write-down of intangible assets at our New England Media Group. Excluding non-cash charges, an additional week in our 2006 fiscal calendar and divestitures, our operating profit before depre- ciation and amortization rose modestly.
Last year’s secular and cyclical challenges continue in 2008. Advertisers demand more targeted audiences as they pursue sophisticated cross-platform, market segmentation strategies and they seek measurable returns on their investments. They strive to understand how to best use media vehicles that are increasingly interactive. Advertisers demand bold ideas of their agency and publishing partners to combat the clutter in the media landscape. While digital media have enhanced the ability to craft effective messages, they have also heightened competition and contributed to the clutter. Moreover, at the end of last year and in early 2008, we have also seen the effects of a weakening economy.
While we believe that print will continue to be a viable medium for many years to come, overall print advertising and circula- tion have been declining across the industry in recent years. Our job, therefore, is to grow our digital businesses quickly enough to outpace print declines. We seek to increase the share of our revenues and profits coming from our digital operations through organic growth and through acquisitions. At the same time, we are capitalizing on opportunities that we see in the print arena while being very diligent at managing costs and allocating capital spending to projects where the investment is expected to provide a strong return.
Symbolic of our transition from print to digital was our move last year from the place The New York Times had called home since 1913 into new headquarters. Our old building had been constructed as a printing facility. Our new one includes the technology we need as a 21st century media organization. This magnificent and environmentally- sensitive addition to the New York City skyline is allowing us to work in a more integrated fashion. It has brought people
from what used to be separate print and digital operations together in one building. Aside from the very positive cultural change, the building itself has proven to be a valuable asset, worth far more than we invested. We lease out five floors, which generate significant income, and TheTimesCenter in our new headquarters provides us with space for events that help strengthen our relationship with our readers and adver- tisers and generates rental revenue.
INTRODUCING NEW PRODUCTS IN PRINT AND ONLINE /
We have powerful and trusted brands whose relevance and high-quality content attract educated, affluent and influential audiences highly valued by advertisers. This is true in print and it is true online. Because of the strength of our brands, we were able to extend them across new geographic areas, new platforms and into new products that contributed to our rev- enues and profits in 2007.
To influential, intelligent and inquisitive news and informa- tion seekers, The New York Times is the innovative and forward-thinking media brand that delivers an unparalleled experience across platforms. It does so by
  2007 annual report
p.1
staying true to its core values of providing content of the highest quality and integrity.
In 2007 Andrea Elliot of The New York Times received
a Pulitzer Prize for feature writing and Charlie Savage of The Boston Globe won one for national reporting.
The properties of the New England Media
Group – which include The Boston Globe,
Boston.com and the Worcester Telegram
& Gazette – provide readers with high-
quality and comprehensive coverage and enable advertisers to reach the biggest audience in Boston, the fifth largest market in the country.
Similarly, our 14 smaller regional newspapers and their associated digital offerings, which make up our Regional Media Group, provide their users with quality local news and information.
Across our Company, the quality of our journalism at our newspapers was recognized with numerous awards, including a Pulitzer Prize for both The Times and the Globe.
Our trusted brands are truly a competitive advantage as we move more aggressively into digital media. We have seen this clearly at both The New York Times and The Boston Globe. Three years ago we redesigned The Times’s Sunday supplemental magazines and rebranded them “T: The New York Times Style Magazine.” These new publications have been hugely successful with both readers and advertisers, particularly with luxury brands. Ad paging grew 12% and revenues rose 9% in 2007.
Since the inception of “T,” we expanded its franchise in print, online and globally. Last year we introduced “T” Magazine online and the International Herald Tribune launched its own international “T” Style Magazine in Europe.

the new
Like The Times, The Boston Globe has also introduced new print products in areas where it believes there are opportuni- ties to garner advertising, especially in the luxury categories. “Fashion Boston” is a new monthly publication directed toward women who have a strong interest in high fashion. “Design New England,” The Boston Globe’s magazine targeting high- net worth households, architects and designers, first came out in late 2006 and appeared bi-monthly in 2007. In November, the Globe introduced another new monthly magazine called “Lola” for Boston women in their 20’s, 30’s and 40’s.
Across all of our newspapers, we are offering innovative new ad formats. Last fall The Times introduced the spadia, a wrap- around ad that NBC used to debut its fall line-up.
Revenue growth for our online properties has been higher than our peers in the newspaper industry. This is mainly because the high-quality content of NYTimes.com attracts a diverse base of national advertisers and the About Group generates most of its revenues from fast growing display and cost-per- click advertising. This gives us a more diversified revenue base than many of our newspaper competitors, which rely heavily on upselling classified print advertising to the Web.
Our goal for NYTimes.com is to build a fully interactive news and information platform, achieving sustainable leadership positions in our most profitable content areas, which we call verticals. In 2007 this included:
– Investing in key verticals to grow those parts of the site that have the highest advertiser demand. We concentrated on developing NYTimes.com’s verticals in health, business and technology while continuing to enhance the entertainment and travel sections.
– Adding more features and functions to enrich our users’ experiences, including comprehensive reference articles, videos, podcasts, slide shows, Web-only columns and inter- active tools. We launched more than 50 blogs and offered more than 2,000 videos on NYTimes.com.
– Utilizing personalization and community tools to attract new users and deepen engagement with existing users.
– Leveraging our very large audience into these content areas with advanced Web analytics. By testing different presen- tations of our content and page layout, we can determine the best way to keep readers on our site and optimize both display and cost-per-click advertising placements.
We are using many of the same techniques at Boston.com, the Web site of The Boston Globe. In November of 2007, we unveiled a redesigned Boston.com, providing easier naviga- tion, new sections on things to do in the Boston area and simple tools for users to find, read and submit content.
The About Group had a very successful year. Its revenues were up 28%, or 30% excluding the additional week in 2006, and for the first time, surpassed the $100 million mark. Since we acquired About.com in 2005, we have invested in organi- cally growing its business as well as acquiring companies that strengthen its position in key verticals, especially health.
In addition to About.com, the Group now includes:
– ConsumerSearch.com, a leading online aggregator and publisher of reviews of thousands of consumer products
from multiple online and offline sources;
– UCompareHealthCare.com, a site that provides consumers
with access to quality ratings and related information on
hospitals, nursing homes and doctors; and
– Calorie-Count.com, a site that offers weight loss tools and
nutritional information.
In early 2008, the About Group launched a new site in China, one of the world’s fastest growing consumer markets with 210 million Internet users.
  york These are examples of what our talented colleagues are doing at the Times Company to drive better performance. You will
times see more experimentation and innovation in the coming year.
  co.
OPTIMIZING CIRCULATION /
New circulation initiatives are also an integral part of our effort to reinforce our print franchise. Across the industry, newspa- per circulation volume has been decreasing and this is true at the Times Company as well. While part of this decline comes from a secular shift as readers get news and information from other sources, another portion stems from our deliberate strategy to reduce the amount of less profitable circulation –
  Over the past three years we have grown our Internet revenues at a compounded annual growth rate of 41%.
that is, copies that are sold at a significant discount or so-called “sponsored” copies, which are paid for by advertisers.
At The Times this strategy has resulted in
copy declines, particularly among trial subscribers, but the number of loyal subscribers, those who subscribe to the paper for at least two years, surpassed 800,000 for the first time in 2007. This metric speaks to our brand loyalty and the continued strength of the print medium. By pursuing this focus on loyal, profitable readers, we have
achieved, and will continue to realize, significant cost savings.
Circulation revenues were on a par and grew 2% excluding the additional week in 2006, mainly because of higher prices for The New York Times. The Times’s national print expansion continued in 2007 with the addition of a new print site for The Times in Salt Lake City and we are seeing increased copy sales in that market. In January 2008, we opened another site in Dallas and a third site in Philadelphia is scheduled to open in March. We expect each of these sites will reduce distribu- tion and other costs as well as increase national circulation.
GROWING OUR DIGITAL BUSINESSES /
Growing our digital businesses is a major priority and we have been successful in doing so. The Times Company was the 10th largest presence on the Web, with 48.7 million unique visitors in December 2007, up approximately 10% from December 2006. Last year the Company generated a total of $330 million in digital revenues, up 20%, or 22% excluding the additional week in 2006. Digital revenues now account for more than 10% of our total revenues compared with 8% in 2006.
 p.2

Arthur Sulzberger, Jr.
Chairman
Janet L. Robinson
President and CEO
  In this era, no media company can afford to be an island and we are pursuing relationships with leading Web and broad- cast entities. In January 2008, CNBC and The New York Times entered into a digital content sharing agreement in the areas of business and technology, including finance, econom- ics, money management and personal finance. The Times Company also continues to be among Google’s largest con- tent partners, and plans to expand this relationship over the coming months with the use of Google technology.
Last year the Company also entered into a strategic alli- ance with Monster Worldwide, which combines the Times Company’s market-leading Web sites with Monster’s superior technology and expansive database to create co-branded sites targeting both local and national recruitment markets. All of our newspapers have co-branded their recruitment Web sites with Monster.
In November, our Regional Media Group entered into a new agreement with Yahoo! to provide advertising and search services to that Group’s Web sites and the Web site of the Worcester Telegram & Gazette, which is part of our New England Media Group. As part of the agreement, these sites joined Yahoo!’s Newspaper Consortium, which includes 26 publishing companies and 634 newspapers in total. Yahoo! has the ability to sell the Group’s sites’ advertising inventory to national advertising accounts, and the Group’s sites can sell Yahoo!’s local advertising inventory to local accounts. Links
BUILDING OUR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT CAPABILITY /
Underpinning our digital growth strategy is our Research and Development Group. This Group, the first in our industry, helps us anticipate consumer preferences, devises ways of satisfying them, and assists in product development across the Company.
A recent example is the roll-out of a new application that allows readers of The Times newspaper and NYTimes. com to send and receive real estate listings on their mobile phones. Since R&D operates as a shared service across all our Web sites and is closely aligned with our operating units, this application – and others like it that integrate print, mobile and the Web – can and will be rapidly deployed at all our newspapers and Web sites.
 The R&D team is also upgrading our newsroom video infrastructure, which will help boost output and distribu- tion of our award-winning Web videos.
And it was instrumental in the launch
  We continue to pursue relationships with digital companies such as Google, Facebook, Yahoo! and YouTube to further enhance our products and reach.
from Yahoo! back to our content drive traffic to the Group’s Web sites. This deal provides us with a best-in-class ad-serving platform and behavioral targeting capabilities.
Earlier this year, four media companies, including the Times Company, created a new online sales organization called
ALLOCATING OUR CAPITAL AND REBALANCING OUR PORTFOLIO OF BUSINESSES /
One of the things we spend a great deal of time analyzing is how best to allocate our capital. Effective capital allocation is an important element of long-term value creation, which will ultimately be reflected in the price of our shares.
A priority for our cash has been investing in high-return capital projects that improve operations, increase revenues and reduce costs. A good example of this is the investment we are making in the consolidation of our two New York metro area printing plants into one facility. We expect this project to save $30 million a year in lower operating costs. With the completion of both our new headquarters and the plant consolidation project in 2008, capital spending this year is expected to decrease to $150 to $175 million from $375 million in 2007.
quadrantONE for premium advertisers seeking high-quality local audiences and national reach. The Web sites associated with the New England and Regional Media Groups are partici- pating in this network.
In addition, we are enabling our online advertisers to buy our entire digital audience, across all of our properties, in a coordinated fashion. Our advertisers now have greater reach, better targeting and the convenience of buying all the quality Web sites of the Times Company with one order, one invoice and one report.
2007 annual report
p.3
of the Times Reader, a new subscrip-
tion product that combines the format of
the newspaper with the functionality of
the Web. Times Reader was named one
of PC World’s “100 Best Products of 2007” based on exem- plary design, usability, features, performance and innovation.
In 2007 mobile innovation at NYTimes.com included real estate listings, stock quotes and movie times.

 Another important component of capital allocation is making acquisitions and investments that are financially prudent and consistent with our strategy. We have been rebalancing our portfolio of businesses. As mentioned earlier, last year we made two small acquisitions that totaled approximately $35 million – ConsumerSearch.com and UCompareHealthCare.com.
And while we regularly evaluate the purchase of other companies and investments, particularly in the Internet space, we also continuously analyze our businesses to determine if they are meeting our targets for financial performance, growth and return on investment, and remain relevant to our
the strategy. As a result of this rigorous process, last year we sold assets for gross proceeds totaling more than $615 million.
new
times co.
IN APPRECIATION /
2007 was a very demanding year and we want to thank our employees, our readers and users, advertisers, share- holders, our communities and our Board for their continued loyalty and support.
In particular, we thank our outgoing directors, Brenda Barnes and Jim Kilts, for their wise counsel and guidance. At the same time, we are pleased to add two exceptional new nomi- nees for election to our Board. Robert Denham is a partner at Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP and former chairman and CEO of Salomon Inc, and Dawn Lepore serves as chairman, president and CEO of drugstore.com, an online source for thousands of brand-name health, beauty and wellness products. Both will be terrific additions to an already strong board of executives with deep experience in corporate strategy, capital allocation, brand management and digital and other media.
LOOKING AT 2008 /
We recognize that in 2008 we will face both secular change and economic headwinds. But we know that we are ready for the challenges that lie ahead and will embrace them. We are doing exactly what The New York Times Company must do to build on our more than a century and a half of journalistic and financial successes, maintain our reputation as a global news leader and reward our shareholders. We look to the past with pride and the future with confidence.
Arthur Sulzberger, Jr.
Chairman
Janet L. Robinson
President and CEO
February 26, 2008
 This included our Broadcast Media Group and a radio station, york WQEW-AM. The proceeds from these sales were used to pay
  down debt and provided financial flexibility to invest and grow our business.
We also returned more capital to shareholders. In 2007, we increased our dividend by 31%, resulting in us giving back approximately $125 million to our shareholders in the form of dividends.
AGGRESSIVELY MANAGING COSTS /
Our business environment requires us to aggressively man- age costs. Building for the future demands financial discipline, greater efficiency and productivity across the Company. This is particularly true as we balance the ongoing investments we must make in our businesses with our drive to reduce costs and increase organizational effectiveness.
In 2007, we significantly reduced our costs. This year we plan to continue to do so, particularly in a softer economy. We are determined to decrease our cash cost base by a total of
     We recognize that the quality of our journalism is at the heart of our Company’s success – past, present and future. We also recognize that quality journalism can only survive as part of a profitable, growing business organization.
approximately $230 million in 2008 and 2009, excluding the effects of inflation, staff reduction costs and one-time costs, as compared with our year-end 2007 cash cost base.
These savings will come from the consoli- dation of our New York area printing plants; reductions in the size of the printed page at The New York Times and The Boston Globe; and a shift away from less profitable circulation by reducing promotion, produc-
 tion, distribution and other related costs. Additional savings are expected to come from standardizing, streamlining and consolidating processes and shifting staff to lower cost loca- tions. The areas that present the greatest opportunity are general and administrative, production, technology, distribu- tion and circulation sales.
We are going to be as forceful as we can in streamlining our business. Our cost reduction measures will be carefully managed so that we do not compromise our journalism, the smooth functioning of our operations or our ability to achieve our long-term goals.
p.4
