To our ShareholderS
In an Op-Ed piece in The New York Times last October, Warren Buffett, the well-known investor and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, wrote:
“The financial world is a mess, both in the United States and abroad. Its problems, moreover, have been leaking into the general economy, and the leaks are now turning into a gusher. In the near term, unemployment will rise, business activity will falter and headlines will continue to be scary.”
As is often the case with Warren, all of this proved to be true and we have seen the effects in our businesses.
Our 2008 total revenues declined 8%. Revenues from adver- tising, our primary source of revenue, fell 13%. Circulation revenues, which are derived from newsstand and home-de- livery sales, rose 2%. And while we did a good job of man- aging costs — they were down 5% — it was not enough to overcome the total revenue decline. While we had an operat- ing loss of $41 million compared with operating profit of $227 million in 2007, if you exclude depreciation and amortization and special items, operating profit for 2008 was $302 million compared with $457 million in 2007.*
In past letters to you we have discussed the seismic changes taking place in the media industry as consumers increasingly get news and information from the Web and advertisers pay much lower rates online than they do in print. While all of us in the newspaper business are experiencing these changes, we believe that much of the decline we saw in our business last year stemmed from the downturn in the U.S. economy.
While there is little visibility on the ad market, we remain committed to publishing world-class journalism, creating innovative products and services, reducing costs and finding new ways to enhance our financial flexibility.
Even so, when you combine the print and digital opera- tions of newspapers across the United States, audiences are growing. They are, we believe, because they have earned the trust of their readers by employing professional journalists to verify news for truth, for accuracy and for context. Advertis- ers value these audiences and value newspapers because they deliver results by moving their products and increasing brand awareness.
More than that, newspapers play a critical role in the civic life of our country. Information is the lifeblood of our democracy, and the work that our journalists do enables citizens to make thoughtful decisions, inside and outside the voting booth.
A vigorous and robust press that thoroughly covers the political, economic, social and scientific issues of the day has a profound effect on our quality of life and the vitality of our public and private institutions.
While we believe that newspapers will continue to be an important medium for years to come, we also realize that we must provide our high-quality journalism in an increas- ing number of ways. For that reason, we have been working for some time to transform the Times Company from one focused primarily on print to one that is increasingly digital in focus and multiplatform in delivery.
So the important questions for us are: How do we continue to provide the printed products that hundreds of thousands of our readers treasure while appealing to a new generation of consumers? How do we get paid for the journalism we provide online? How do we reduce our costs while protecting the quality of our journalism? The combination of economic woes and unprecedented change in media means that how well we answer these questions as we execute on our strategy is more important than ever.
There are four key drivers of our strategy:
n The first is introducing new products and services both in
print and online. Our goal is to deliver our high-quality journalism in ways that consumers can access it wherever and whenever they want it.
n The second part of our strategy is to continue to strengthen our digital research and development capability. This sup- ports the development of new products and alliances that help us build our businesses.
n The third is to aggressively restructure our cost base, as we have ably demonstrated through the expense reductions we have made over the course of the past several years.
n And the last element of our strategy is to rebalance our portfolio of businesses through both acquisitions and divestitures. Our focus right now is on selling assets that no longer fit well within the Company, particularly as we seek to lower our debt and improve our liquidity.
Introducing New Products and Services
Our goal is to offer our consumers news, information and entertainment wherever and whenever they want it and even in some ways they may not have envisioned — in print or online — wired or mobile — in text, graphics, audio, video or even live events. Because of our high-quality con- tent, we have very powerful and trusted brands that attract educated, affluent and influential audiences. According to Erdos & Morgan, The New York Times is No. 1 in reaching U.S. opinion leaders among 129 top media properties. Every day, in print, online and by mobile, The New York Times de- livers a highly loyal and engaged audience of influencers, a true competitive advantage as we move into an increasingly
   *A reconciliation of operating profit before depreciation and amortization and special items to operating profit under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States is included in our fourth-quarter and full-year 2008 earnings release, available at www.nytco.com.
 2008 annual report

digital world. And our goal for our advertisers is to help them reach that audience with messages that shape percep- tions and drive purchases.
While the first nine months of 2008 were challenging, adver- tising revenues deteriorated significantly in the fourth quar- ter when the economic downturn exacerbated the declines
in print and interrupted the growth trajectory of our digital businesses. For the year as a whole, print advertising revenue declined 17%, and while online advertising growth moder- ated, it still increased 9%.
Looking at the revenue picture for 2009, visibility is limited. Given all the uncertainty on Wall Street and Main Street, advertisers are being very cautious as they plan and allocate their media buys in 2009. Like all of us, they want to gain a better understanding of where the economy is headed and how their consumers will behave in order to maximize the return they receive on their spending.
What we do know is that advertisers are focusing on the tried and true environments that deliver results for them. Our cli- ents value the brand association, the customizable campaigns we can create and our strong reach. And we believe all this particularly benefits The Times. Our newspapers and Web sites are important tools in their comprehensive campaign to tell their stories, restore confidence and respond effectively to the ongoing global credit crisis.
Last year we introduced new large size ad formats on our Web sites, which were very well received by advertisers. At the beginning of this year, we began offering front-page ads at The Times and the Globe, generating incremental revenue for our papers.
The New York Times is available for home delivery in over 340 markets and is sold at more than 53,000 retail locations nationwide, while NYTimes.com is the No.1 newspaper
Web site in the United States.
Circulation revenue was an area of growth for the Company in 2008, as we increased prices across our properties. The willing- ness of readers to pay more for our newspapers is a testament to the value they provide. And, as other newspapers in the United States cut back on international and national coverage or cease operation, we believe there will be opportunities for The Times to fill the void. Today we have more than 830,000 readers who have subscribed to The Times for two years or more, a number that has risen over the past five years.
We continue to develop ways to generate other revenue streams for our content. Subscriptions to The Times, the Globe and the IHT on Amazon’s Kindle, its new e-book that was introduced in 2007, are a small but growing revenue stream.
In 2008 the digital part of our business continued to grow de- spite the challenging economy. The Times Company was the 12th largest presence on the Web, with 50.8 million unique visitors in the United States in December 2008, up approxi- mately 4% from December 2007. Last year the Company’s digital revenues rose 7% to $352 million. Digital revenues accounted for 12% of our total revenues in 2008 compared with 10% in 2007.
Last fall we embarked on a significant expansion of our online business coverage on NYTimes.com with a redesigned Technology section and the introduction of an Economy section. We expanded its Small Business, Personal Technol- ogy and Your Money sections; introduced more journalists, deepened coverage and enhanced our DealBook franchise; and continued to add new tools and multimedia features.
We have also taken steps to increase engagement on NYTimes.com. In September we introduced TimesPeople, which provides NYTimes.com readers with a way to share their recommendations on articles with other people on the site. What we have discovered is that advertisers want to be attached to innovative products that speak to influential audiences. For instance, Cisco was the inaugural sponsor of TimesPeople, which now has approximately 177,000 users. Westin sponsored The Times iPhone application, which has had more than one million downloads since its launch last July, and Shell sponsored our new TimesExtra product, an alternative view of NYTimes.com’s home page featuring content from other news sources.
Over the past year, in print and online, our journalists have magnificently covered such major stories as the presidential election and inauguration, the global financial turmoil and the conflicts in Georgia, Afghanistan and Iraq. We believe our journalists are the best in the business, and are extraordinari- ly pleased that in 2008 Times Op-Ed columnist Paul Krugman won the Nobel Prize in economics.
Our leadership in quality journalism has been repeatedly recognized. Last year the Company’s media properties were honored with three Pulitzer Prizes:
n Amy Harmon of The Times for “The DNA Age,” an exami-
nation of the effect of genetic testing;
n Walt Bogdanich and Jake Hooker of The Times for their
“Toxic Pipeline” series, which revealed how poisonous pharmaceutical ingredients from China have flowed into the global market; and
n Mark Feeney of the Globe for criticism for his observations on the visual arts.
We take pride in our ability to bring our high journalistic standards to the Web. NYTimes.com won eight Webby awards in 2008, more than any other media organization, and that includes “Best News Site.”
    2008 annual report

The About Group, which includes the Web sites About.com, ConsumerSearch.com, UCompareHealthCare.com and Caloriecount.about.com, continued to achieve strong growth in 2008. Its revenues rose 12% and its operating profit increased 14%. As we saw with NYTimes.com, the About Group’s rev- enues softened considerably in the fourth quarter as display revenues declined. Even so, since we bought About.com in 2005, revenues for the Group have grown at an estimated compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 30% and the CAGR of its operating profit is 41%.*
The rise of low-cost ad networks and a surplus of online advertising inventory, along with the poor economic climate, present a challenge for the Group in 2009. Like display advertising, cost-per-click advertising is also expected to soften across the industry, but the Group’s position, skill and relationships in this area provide relative strength.
Continue to Strengthen our Research & Development Capability to Drive Innovation
Our Research & Development Group helps us monitor the changing media and technology landscape so that we can anticipate consumer preferences and devise innovative ways of satisfying them. This has led to the development of new digital products across the Company and accelerated our entry onto new platforms such as mobile.
R&D operates as a shared service across all our Web sites and is closely aligned with our operating units so that
its work can have immediate, practical effect. For example, R&D created a system for rapidly distributing on election night the interactive graphics from NYTimes.com to the mobile sites of The Times, the Globe and the Web sites
of our Regional Media Group. And through a single company-wide gateway operated by R&D, we sent more than 100,000 text message alerts to subscribers throughout the country.
Our R&D efforts are also focused on developing new capabilities for the Company such as data mining and Web analytics, which are being used to better serve our users by presenting our content in more engaging ways. This helps our advertisers by increasing our ability to target and opti- mize their campaigns. Building on this foundation of creat- ing value for advertisers, R&D is now intensifying its focus on new ways to monetize our digital content by exploring the introduction of creative new advertising placements on all our platforms, including the iPhone. The R&D Group is also facilitating the extension of all our print newspapers onto new reading devices through alliances with companies such as Adobe Systems and is assisting our Regional Media Group as it pilots the concept of transforming its sales forces into a local digital advertising agency.
Restructuring our Cost Base
Given the secular changes in our industry, we have been very disciplined in reducing our cost base while maintaining the quality of the journalism we provide. In 2008 our operating costs dropped 5%, or $136 million.
Our recent cost savings have focused on five key areas: n Consolidation of operations,
n Closure of businesses that are not meeting their
financial targets,
n Outsourcing,
n A shift away from less profitable circulation and n A reduction in newsprint consumption and
production costs.
Consolidation of operations — Last year The New York Times consolidated the operations of its two New York area print- ing facilities into one location. Savings from this action are projected to be $30 million a year. In the second half of 2009, we plan to consolidate two of the Globe’s printing facilities, which is anticipated to result in about $18 million in annual savings. At our Regional Media Group, we consolidated the mailrooms of our Gainesville and Ocala, Fla. papers, and we are looking at consolidating their production facilities.
Our disciplined drive to reduce costs continues. We are committed to decreasing our expenses in such a way that we maintain the quality of our journalism while making progress on our long-term goals.
Closure of businesses — In early 2009, we closed City & Sub- urban, our retail and newsstand distribution business in the New York metropolitan area. We estimate this will improve our operating results by $27 million on an annual basis.
Outsourcing — We have outsourced to other organizations functions that can be done by them more effectively and with less cost. These include circulation telemarketing, customer service and financial back office functions.
At some of our smaller newspapers, we have outsourced printing to outside facilities.
Shift away from less profitable circulation — Our fourth major area of cost reduction comes from a shift away from less profitable circulation by reducing promotion, production, distribution and other costs. By concentrating our efforts on acquisition channels that have the best retention and are the most profitable, we have achieved higher margins despite declines in overall circulation volume.
Reduction in newsprint consumption and production costs —
In the past two years, we have reduced the size of the printed page of the majority of our newspapers, which we estimate saves approximately $12 million annually. In addition,
   *Based on the previous owner’s accounting records before the acquisition date in March 2005 and our records after the acquisition date.
 2008 annual report

in late 2008 we consolidated sections of The Times, rede- signed the Globe and eliminated its TV guide. These changes are expected to save about $9 million annually in lower production costs.
Our stringent expense management has become part of our corporate culture and with the economy continuing to weaken, cost reduction measures remain a priority for the Company in 2009.
Rebalancing our Portfolio of Businesses
Over the past several years, we have been rebalancing our portfolio of businesses, focusing more on growth areas such as digital. We have also sold properties, and will continue to do so, after carefully evaluating them to determine if they remain a strategic fit and, given the outlook for the business and their financial performance, make sense to continue to be a part of the Company. Earlier this year, we announced that we were exploring the possible sale of our 17.75% inter- est in New England Sports Ventures, which includes the Boston Red Sox, Fenway Park and approximately 80% of New England Sports Network, the top-rated regional cable sports network in the country.
Allocating Capital and Improving Liquidity
Last year we took decisive steps to reduce capital spending and improve the liquidity of the Company. We are strongly focused on conserving cash. In 2009 we expect our capital expenditures will decrease to approximately $80 million from approximately $127 million in 2008.
Last November, our Board of Directors reduced our fourth- quarter dividend by almost 75% and in February 2009 suspended our quarterly dividend. This was a difficult but prudent decision that we believe, along with the other steps we have taken and are planning, will provide us with greater financial flexibility.
In early 2009, we completed a private financing transaction with Banco Inbursa and Inmobiliaria Carso for $250 million in senior unsecured notes and warrants. This addresses our 2009 maturities. We used the proceeds from this transaction to repay amounts borrowed under our revolving credit facili- ties, and in February repaid notes due in November. Because of this, we do not plan to renew the revolving credit facil-
ity that expires in May of this year. We continue to actively explore other financing initiatives, including a sale-leaseback for up to $225 million for part of the space we own in our New York headquarters building. Proceeds from this transac- tion would be used to refinance existing long-term debt.
We remain focused on reducing our total debt. We plan to do so through the cash we generate from our businesses and the decisive steps we have taken to reduce costs, lower capital spending, suspend our dividend and rebalance our portfolio of assets.
In Appreciation
Throughout our 157-year history, we have faced many difficult periods — the Great Depression, the world wars, the financial crisis of the mid-‘70s, the recessions of the early ‘80s and ‘90s, and the bursting of the Internet bubble. We have weathered these periods by staying true to our core value of creating high-quality journalism and at the same time taking the necessary steps to ensure our financial well- being. Today we are doing just that. We are developing new revenue streams, reducing costs, realigning our portfolio of properties and strengthening our balance sheet.
We are doing this with the extraordinary support of our employees. Without a doubt, the Times Company’s greatest asset is the collective strength, ingenuity and creativity of our people. We recognize the enormous efforts they are making and greatly appreciate their dedication and hard work.
We are also deeply grateful for the loyalty and support of
our very capable Board, our readers, advertisers and you, our fellow shareholders. Thank you.
Arthur Sulzberger, Jr.
Chairman
Janet L. Robinson
President and CEO
February 26, 2009
    2008 annual report
