TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
We are pleased with the performance of The New York Times Company in 2015. And, as we begin 2016, we remain confident that our business is poised for success this year and in the years ahead.
Last fall we published “Our Path Forward,” a short statement of our strategic ambitions for the coming years. Central to those ambitions is our goal of doubling our digital revenue over the next five years, and it was very encouraging to see tangible steps toward that target in 2015. During the summer, we passed the one million paid digital-only subscriber mark, and we ended 2015 with 1.1 million digital-only subscribers and a total of two million total paying subscribers, more than at any point in our history.
Our strategic approach — to continue to deliver the highest quality journalism in new ways on a variety of platforms and to deepen the engagement of users with that journalism — is paying off with new digital subscribers coming on at a more rapid pace this year than in the two previous years. We are also committed to building out high-value propositions for marketers in branded content, mobile, video and virtual reality. We will continue to invest in advanced storytelling technology, like virtual reality, and in talent, both in our newsroom and across other parts of the organization.
It was a very strong year for Times journalism with exceptional work in international news — where our continued investment in global newsgathering enabled us to cover stories like the refugee crisis and the Paris attacks with more depth and focus than any other news provider — as well as investigations and features.
We were honored with three Pulitzer Prizes, the highest award in journalism, and we had a total of eight finalists. This represents one of our best performances in recent years and all of the entries demonstrated our core strength — the most ambitious agenda-setting journalism that defines public service.
We were honored with Pulitzers for both international reporting and feature photography for our Ebola coverage in Africa. The international reporting Pulitzer was our first that included video.
And, we received last year’s Pulitzer for investigative reporting, which went to Eric Lipton for his extraordinary series that demonstrated how corporations influence attorneys general.
And there was much more exceptional and award-winning journalism last year.
We have already seen terrific and innovative reporting in 2016, a presidential election year and an Olympics year. Our coverage of the Iowa caucuses broke new ground and drew in high levels of engagement with its smartphone presentation featuring animating infographics.
As we look to 2016, we plan to reach out to new audiences at home and abroad to substantially grow the number of the most engaged users; to further grow both our digital circulation and advertising businesses; to develop our mobile, video and branded content businesses; and to exploit other business-to-business and business-to-consumer opportunities.
We therefore expect to invest judiciously in growth: to develop content for targeted international audiences and to market The Times more effectively to them; to grow our multimedia capabilities in video, virtual reality and audio; and to further build out T Brand Studio and extend the package of services we offer our advertising partners; as well as other initiatives. T Brand Studio has been a particular success story, with 120 campaigns launched for 70 advertisers since we started the business two years ago.
 2015 ANNUAL REPORT

One of our achievements in recent years has been to combine investment in digital growth with a tight grip on costs, and we are still determined to focus on both. Over the coming months, we will take a close look at our existing cost base, even as we make targeted investments in our digital future. We know that success for us depends on the quality of the journalism we offer our users here and around the world and that we must maintain that quality. Nonetheless, we believe that alongside investment in our newsroom and elsewhere, there is scope for further structural savings across our business.
In 2016, we plan to build on our strategy and some of the key successes of 2015. We will continue to transform our business to meet the changing needs of our customers and a changing market. With the support of our board and the dedication of our colleagues, we will move forward in our goals to double our digital revenue over the next five years, grow the company’s profitability in the long term and increase shareholder value.
At the same time, we will never forget that our success depends on the quality of our journalism and user experience and we intend to maintain that quality for the benefit of readers in the U.S. and around the world.
We thank you, our shareholders, for your loyal support.
Arthur O. Sulzberger Jr.
Chairman
Mark Thompson
President and C.E.O.
February 24, 2016
   2015 ANNUAL REPORT
