To Our Customers, Associates, and Shareholders: 

Office Depot is focused on strengthening our position as the global leader in the delivery of office products and business solutions. In fiscal, 2005, we made steady progress toward this goal, growing earnings per share by 19 percent; generating #375 million in free cash flow; and expanding our private brans across our three divisions. We also accelerated the growth of our North American retail business, posting our eight consecutive quarter of positive comparable sales, opening 100 new stores, and boosting sales by 8 percent. 

We also paved the way for our continued progress. Tapping the combined wisdom of every one of our corporate officers, we developed a new vision for our COmpany's future--"Delievering Winning Solutions That Inspire Worklife". Geared to help us fortify our industry leadership position, this vision galvanized us to establish new growth priorities for each of our business divisions. 

- In North America Retail, we are focused on opening more stores, revamping our stores to our successful Millennium 2(M2) design, and making improvements that fuel productivity. 
- In North American Business Solutions, we are working to grow our market share organically and through acquisitions. 
- In our International operations, we are using telephone account managers to  acquire new customers in Europe, and we are expanding our reach into promising new regions. 

We are supporting these measures by employing a comprehensive effort to improve our cost structure. From our executive team to our store associates, every member of the Office Depot family is actively seeking new ways to take unnecessary expenses out of our business. 

We are also working to drive greater awareness of the suite of small business services that Office Depot offers. As part of this effort, we re-launched Taking Care of Business, one of the most popular and effective advertising tagline in our Company's history. We also forged an exciting new partnership with NASCAR, and have received their 2005 Marketing Achievement Award. 

Office Depot enters fiscal 2006 with energy and determination. We have a strong and unified management team, a business that generates substantial cash flow, a disciplined strategy for driving profitable growth, and a business model capable of delivering increasing shareholder value. In the coming years, we plan to open stores in new geographic markets, make strategic investments in our core businesses, acquire synergistic assets, and repurchase stock. In the process, our goal is to fuel profitable growth and to increase value fore our customers, associates, and shareholders. 

Sincerely, 

Steve Odland

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer