Letter to Shareowners
Navigating the near-term circumstances of economic recession, OG&E and Enogex are well positioned. Our long-term view
is positive, and we’re moving ahead with thoughtful plans for investment and growth.
Positive Energy is a phrase we use to convey our commitment to doing the right things and doing them well. Today, it means we’re tightening our belt for current business conditions while also executing our long-term plans to expand and improve our assets and operations.
We earned $2.49 per share in 2008 and increased our dividend for the third year in a row,
a solid performance that enables us to focus on future growth. Enogex set a new record for net income as commodity prices reached all-time highs before falling late in the year. OG&E also performed well in line with expectations, considering its electric rates are based on 2004 costs.
It’s the economy that has everyone’s attention and, fortunately, our region has fared better to date than the nation as a whole. At OG&E, we project modest growth in electric demand and sales in 2009. As the utility continues to implement its strategy, new electric transmission lines are being built. More wind farms are coming, and we’re proposing our next big step with “smart grid” technology. At the same time, to ensure that OG&E’s prices cover the cost of doing busi- ness, we’re pursuing general rate cases in Oklahoma and Arkansas. Appropriate regulatory relief will enable us to continue a long record of reliable service at well below average rates.
Enogex also is appropriately positioned to weather the economic and market conditions that have reduced commodity-based margins and curbed volume growth. While lower natural gas prices are curtailing drilling and production, we do see enough activity in our key areas to forecast higher volumes of gas gathered into the Enogex system. We also expect our disciplined approach to investment and operations to sustain a solid financial performance.
Looking ahead, we want to avoid the need for additional fossil fuel-based electric generation until 2020. It’s an ambitious goal. To reach it, we will need new approaches that embrace renewables while also supporting innovative technologies for partnering with our customers. Customers, after all, determine how much power we must supply. Working together, we want to help them conserve energy and use it more wisely.
In these times of fast-paced change and uncertainty, Positive Energy also means continued adherence to our time-honored values including integrity, teamwork and public service. Our shareowners deserve and expect no less, and for your continued support, we thank you.
Peter B. Delaney
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
  OGE Energy Corp. 1
