  our customers and shareowners.

 What we said, what we did.
At OGE Energy, we’re focused on reliability – which to us means delivering on what we say we will do. Reliable service for customers and reliable returns for investors are the keys to our success.
 On Target “We expect to hit our targets, and as we do, we come closer to the day when we can increase our dividend.”
– 2005 Annual Report, page 7
Growth Cycle “Now we’ve begun what we expect to be a new cycle of investment and growth in our utility business to meet the demands of a growing economy.”
– 2005 Annual Report, page 5
Pipeline Projects “We are considering a variety of pipeline projects that fit our conservative appetite for risk while also creating opportunities for a higher rate of return.”
– 2005 Annual Report, page 6
Wind Power “Building on the sold-out success of the 50-megawatt wind program we launched in 2003, we plan an even bigger commitment this year.”
– 2005 Annual Report, page 5
Higher Dividends We increased our annual dividend to $1.36 per share. Since we first sold stock to the public in 1947, we’ve never missed a quarterly payment and never reduced the amount paid. Along with our goal to grow earnings over time, we’d like to continue to increase dividends as well.
Six-year, $3-billion plan We developed a construction initiative including major utility investments to expand capacity, preserve reliability, and improve environmental performance. We have filed for regulatory pre-approval of the first project in this initiative, the Red Rock generating unit.
Westward Expansion We extended our system to gather new volumes of gas from the Texas Panhandle and implemented other growth projects, resulting in a record number of new wells flowing onto our system. Along with the sale of underperforming assets, these steps helped Enogex increase its return on equity from continuing operations to 19.4 percent, an increase of 10.3 percent.
Centennial We sought and received unanimous pre- approval of a new 120-megawatt wind farm in northwestern Oklahoma. Commemorating Oklahoma’s 100 years of statehood in 2007, the Centennial project includes 80 newly constructed wind turbines. Centennial brings our total wind-generation capacity to 170 megawatts.
   10 OGE Energy Corp.

 In 2006 we reported record earnings, a result of good business conditions in our region and operational excellence in our utility and pipeline businesses. We increased our annual dividend and, in turn, investor demand pushed the OGE stock price to a series of new all-time highs.
To Our Shareowners We are pleased to report that your investment in our company has never been more valuable. The company’s stock price is near all-time highs and our financial performance has never been better. Our prospects for continued growth are excellent.
This is no accident. Our success is the direct result of our employees’ disciplined execution of a solid strategy, with sharp focus on ethical conduct and continuous improvement in every part of our business. We call it Operational Excellence, and for us, it’s a competitive advantage.
Today, we’re planning for major investments to support continued growth in consumer demand for energy. The goal is simple, but achieving it will not be easy. We operate in an environment of increasing complexity and intensifying competi- tion. But every day, we bring to our work a wealth of experience, a great reputation, a proven strategy and a strong desire to get the job done. We like where we stand.
Strong Financial Performance In 2006 we reported record earnings – $2.45 per diluted share from continuing operations. This strong financial performance is a product of good business conditions in our region and operational excellence in our utility and pipeline businesses. We have increased our annual dividend to $1.36 per share, but
Letter to shareowners.
2006 Annual Report 11

 Steve Moore and Pete Delaney
we don’t want to stop there. Investors, recognizing our long-term earnings power, pushed the OGE stock price to a series of new all-time highs.
Ambitious Investments The OG&E service area is enjoying a solid run of economic vitality. The economy runs on electricity, and the time is now for us to expand our capacity to generate and deliver it, ever mindful of three key concerns: reliable service, reasonable cost and responsible steward-
ship of the environment we all share. With all of this in mind, we’ve announced a thoughtful, six-year construction initiative containing specific proposals to meet growing customer demand while holding our electric rates below the national average and improving our environmental performance.
This requires ambitious investments in infrastructure – at least $3.3 billion – including new generation, the addition of new emission-control technology at our power plants and continued investment in electric system reliability. As we seek regulatory pre-approval of major projects, we will provide specific proposals to finance, build and operate each one. Our cost-recovery plans will minimize the monthly impact on customers and provide investors a fair return.
Progressive Partnership At the heart of our construction initiative is the addition of the Red Rock generating unit at OG&E’s Sooner Power Plant. Proposed in partnership with AEP’s Public Service Company of Oklahoma and the Oklahoma Municipal Power Authority, it is 950 megawatts of ultra super-critical coal-fired technology, one of only four such units proposed nationwide. It can be built for far less than would be possible if each of us built our own smaller plant and will use
12 OGE Energy Corp.

the lowest-cost, most abundant fuel available – low-sulfur coal from Wyoming. For around-the-clock electric generation, it is the best choice for us now.
Disciplined Growth We’re also in a time of exciting growth opportunities in our natural gas business. Enogex has built profitable new pipelines and forged new partnerships to capture more value from existing facilities. We’re playing to our core strengths as we move carefully into new producing regions.
Enogex brings its disciplined growth philosophy to a significant investment program of its own. Capital projects totaling $125 million are on the drawing board this year. Each one will be designed to produce solid returns in a robust operating environment and promote long-term growth.
Industry-leading Solutions We enter this period of expansion in strong financial condition; with productive regulatory partnerships that can help us achieve innova- tive, industry-leading solutions. We’re already seeing this potential in our new Centennial wind farm. Pre-approved last year, it has more than tripled our output of renewable energy this year. We’re proud we completed such a big project on time and under budget. We’re going to need a lot more performances like that. In each case, we will apply our characteristic attention to detail, commitment to safety and dedication to the many people who are counting on us.
It’s Simple We know it won’t be easy, yet we are confident we will continue to get the job done with clarity of purpose, certainty of direction, consistency of execution and commitment to the communities we serve.
Steven E. Moore Peter B. Delaney
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer
  2006 Annual Report 13
