Letter to shareowners
 To Our Shareowners Again this year, we are pleased to report strong earnings and higher dividends. These hallmarks of achievement result from dedicated people executing a sound strategy, with clear focus on the job at hand.
Yet for members of the OGE Energy Corp. family, memories of 2007 are bittersweet. Amid our success, we lost our leader.
But our path was clear. Steve Moore left us with clarity of vision and certainty of direction. It is his legacy of integrity and leadership that we proudly carry on today.
We are determined to further solidify our position as a leader in energy infrastructure, creating more value for customers and improving our business performance. We’re working from a specific set of plans to grow our business and make your investment in OGE more valuable.
Major initiatives under way now include energy conservation and demand-side management, a quadrupling of our wind power production over the next five years, growth in our midstream natural gas pipeline business through capital investment, acquisition of additional baseload electric generation and expansion of our regional high-voltage transmission grid.
Business Performance In 2007 we earned $2.64 per diluted share. This is clear bottom-line affirmation of our ability to capture value from robust business conditions in our region, through both our regulated electric utility and midstream natural gas pipeline.
Enogex set a new record for earnings, and has embarked on a significant program of growth through capital investment in the infrastructure required to capture even more value in the natural gas industry. OG&E posted higher earnings as well, without the benefit of a hot summer, and likewise is preparing for growth to meet rising consumer demand.
We also increased our annual dividend. Now at $1.39 per share, up from $1.33 two years ago, the dividend reflects our Board of Directors’ confidence in our plans and prospects for continued growth. Consistent growth in earnings and dividends remain among our core corporate objectives.
Supply Meets Demand One thing is clear: consumer demand for energy is on the rise. And in our part of the country, the number of consumers is increasing as well. We have a duty to serve, and that means we must increase our capacity to generate, transmit and deliver the energy our customers require.
2007 Annual Report 19

On questions of public policy, for many the top priority is the environment. Others are primarily concerned with cost. Everyone seems to see reliable service as a given. It’s our job to balance them all.
Rising demand presents exciting growth opportunities for our company and its 3,200 employees. OG&E and Enogex together are expected to invest more than $3 billion during the next five years in capital projects – aging infrastructure replace- ments, reliability improvements, environmental upgrades and system expansions that stand to increase our total assets from $5 billion today to more than $8 billion in 2012.
We will draw on a history of operational excellence and a renewed spirit of innovation to plan, design and build the projects. We will collaborate faithfully to secure the regulatory approvals and financial recoveries needed to make it all work for investors and customers alike. We must control costs to minimize the impact on customers, and make sure we have a workforce ready to operate our systems for years to come.
In addition, there are 600 megawatts of wind energy we plan to add to our system and hundreds of miles of transmission lines that could unlock the potential for much more wind power in our region. These projects are under active development.
The Case for Redbud We also have a pending agreement to acquire additional baseload electric generation. It won’t come from Red Rock, the coal plant we proposed to build last year as the best option for our customers over the long
term. Our new option is a relatively new natural gas-fired facility. We have entered into an agreement to acquire a 51 percent stake in the Redbud power plant, our share of which would be about $435 million.
Before we complete the acquisition, we seek regulatory pre-approval to recover the cost of the plant. The benefits are many – lower cost than new construction, good location near our largest customer base and capacity for future demand growth. It is a modern, efficient plant and could provide significant near-term savings for customers. We are concerned about over-reliance on natural gas, but it has become clear that coal is not an option for us at this time.
A Smarter Approach We know we will need more capacity to serve our growing communities, but we also know more can be done to conserve. Existing demand-side management programs save our customers more than 100 megawatts, and we expect more savings through a variety of new programs ranging from education and weatherization to commercial lighting and motor replacement.
We’re also promoting the use of compact fluorescent light bulbs, a quick and easy way to reduce energy consumption. For the longer term, we are studying a number of new and
20 OGE Energy Corp.

different ways to apply the power of information technology to energy conservation. You can expect to hear more about so-called “smart grid” tools and techniques that will put our company and our customers in the energy- saving business together.
On the production side, we hope new technology will someday enable our power plants to capture carbon dioxide before it is released into the air. We intend to study this with a goal of making it happen as soon as it is practical.
Clear Leadership In our business, practically everything we do is a matter of public policy. Moving overhead lines underground, building or buying power plants, substations, wind turbines and power lines all are subject to permitting and cost-recovery approvals in the public square.
OGE has a 106-year record of successfully navigating the public policy landscape. As we proceed, we bring our extensive experience and technical expertise. We also bring trust, built over time through productive relationships. And we bring integrity – the hard-earned, good reputation that marks a leader.
Now is the Time for Growth Our mix of assets and operations, situated in this time and place of economic pros- perity, is serving us well. Our nation has large energy infrastructure needs, and we have successfully positioned our company for the major phases of growth to come. We will invest in both our electric utility and natural gas pipeline businesses, focused as always on core strengths where we have well-established competitive advantages.
Our midstream pipeline is well positioned for growth, geographically, operationally and financially. As we execute on our system expansion plan, we remain committed to an initial public offering under a master limited partnership structure when conditions in the financial markets permit.
When we talk about clarity, we’re saying our customers are sending us clear signals that we must grow to meet their demand and we are poised to act. As we plan our next steps, we have a clear vision of where we are going, and clear direc- tion on how we can arrive there safely. And our time is now.
Peter B. Delaney
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Steven E. Moore Even after his passing, we found encouragement in a note he left:
A strong work ethic and a commitment to excellence can overcome any chal- lenge, and provide a powerful sense of worth.
It was probably intended for an address to our employees or a presentation to our management team. Certainly, Steve could make such a pronouncement with authority.
His work ethic and commitment to excellence were well known. He waged his eight-year battle against cancer with courage and grace, overcoming one challenge after another. He conducted his 11-year term as our chairman the same way.
He left his company with clear direction. And as we carry on, we remember quite clearly the fine example he left for his many friends to follow.
  2007 Annual Report 21
