 Letter to Shareholders
Since joining OGE Energy in 2009, I have been continually amazed by the dedication and resiliency of our employees, whom we call members. Their performance in 2016 was as strong as I can recall. They overcame operational and financial challenges unlike any we’ve seen in years. Throughout the turbulence, they stood steadfast in their commitment to providing our customers with highly reliable service, quality customer experiences, environmental stewardship and an inspiring community spirit – each serving to strengthen the great states of Oklahoma and Arkansas, where we live and work. It is through their hard work that I can share with you the results of a great year at OGE.
Financial performance
We reported earnings of $1.69 for 2016 and benefited from the affirmation of our solid credit ratings at the various ratings agencies. More importantly to you, I’m sure, is that we extended our dividend payout record to 69 consecutive years.
OGE’s 50 percent general partner interest and 25.7 percent limited partner interest in Enable Midstream Partners provided added value in 2016. Enable made cash distributions of $141 million to OGE in 2016, supporting our goal of growing our dividend by 10 percent annually through 2019. Enable’s unit price also rose more than 70 percent last year as it was well-positioned to weather the continued weakness in commodity prices.
High marks at the utility
At OG&E, our electric utility, we ended the year with a number of successes that I am very proud to report: Our members had their safest year in the company’s 115-year history; SNL Financial ranked OG&E as having the lowest average price of electricity in the nation; we received a storm response award from the Edison Electric Institute – our 11th since 1999 – and were named a Utility Customer Champion by Cogent Reports; also, we maintained about the same operations and maintenance costs per customer as we had in 2011; and OG&E’s system emissions continued decreasing – up to a 60 percent reduction in the past five years.
In 2016, we debuted a 2.5 MW solar pilot project that quickly sold out, and we have customers on a waiting list. Thanks to its popularity, we are planning to continue the pilot by building an additional 10 MW to help meet customer demand.
On the technology front, we are raising awareness of electric vehicles and related charging infrastructure, and we are studying the operational benefits of advanced LED street lighting with three pilot projects in Oklahoma City. Soon, we will implement a customer notification platform, which can push power outage alerts and updates to customers by text, phone or email, further leveraging our smart technology.
And, finally, we are actively working to attract new electric load, using our competitive advantage of low rates, high reliability, quality customer service and innovative products and services – all things that our communities require to attract and retain businesses and families.
Movement in the regulatory arena
In Oklahoma, after
more than 450 days, we
received an order from the
Oklahoma Corporation
Commission in our
general rate case. While
the order is much lower
than our request and
reduces our authorized
return on equity to 9.5 percent, we did receive allowance to include in our earnings base $1.6 billion in investments we made in new electric infrastructure since our last rate case in 2010.
Meanwhile, in Arkansas, we filed a general rate case in August 2016 under the state’s new, efficient formula rates plan and are expecting an order in June.
There also were a number of regulatory successes in 2016. We received approval on our plan to add environmental controls to our Sooner Power Plant, allowing us to resume progress toward a January 2019 federally mandated compliance deadline. LED street light and solar tariffs were approved, setting the stage for expanding customer product offerings. We also received regulatory approvals that support the continuation of our nationally renowned SmartHours program.
In 2017, we will bring into service 400 MW of new gas-fired generation at our Mustang Power Plant and plan to make the necessary filings for cost recovery.
Community support
Public service is core to our values, which underpin our efforts to grow the 276 cities in our service territory.
Each year, our ad valorem payments, which are among the largest in our states, benefit our schools and communities. Our foundation donates millions of dollars to worthy causes, and, our member donations place our United Way campaign among the top campaigns in our area. Members also spent 20,000 hours giving their time and energy to a number of nonprofit and civic organizations. We know that we are only as strong as the communities we serve.
By nearly every measure of success, OGE is doing well, thanks to the pride, dedication and plain hard work of our members. I thank you for your interest and investment in OGE Energy Corp.
Sean Trauschke
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 