LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 Our businesses are asset-driven – power plants, poles and wires, pipe- lines, transformers, trucks. We strive to operate them safely and effectively, ever mindful about controlling costs. It is challenging work to be sure,
yet we have achieved a long record of success.
At the same time, we’re planning ahead, pursuing our vision of success. We are energized by our vision that focuses not on assets or operations, but renews our commitment to people – customers, shareholders and members.
For all of our stakeholders, we need to make sure we’re alert as we navigate fast-paced change in every- thing from technology and public policy to investor sentiment and consumer expectations.
Members who execute
We celebrate 2010 as a year when we moved ahead in key areas – smart grid deployment is one example – and achieved higher earnings at both OG&E and Enogex. Together, they set a record – $2.99 per share. Looking ahead, we see 2011 as an important year for projects that will bring us into a new phase of growth.
Our members are sharply focused on how their day-to-day activities will enable us to successfully complete these projects. And, as we execute our strategy and make progress toward our long-term goals, we’re continually preparing our workforce for today’s opportunities and tomor- row’s possibilities.
Positive customer experiences
As we go about our work, we’re pursuing key results that keep us focused on deliv- ering for our members, customers and shareholders. These include working safely, controlling costs, complying with regulations, satisfying customers and growing earnings. To lead our industry, we know we must continue – and improve – our performance in all of these areas.
We’re focused on key results whether we’re expanding our pipeline system to meet customer needs or installing new technology for a more efficient and reliable power grid. We aim to create positive customer experiences, and according to one important barometer, J.D. Power and Associates, we’re achieving that. OG&E ranks highest in overall business customer satisfaction among midsize utilities in our region.
2 OGE Energy Corp.

OGE Energy Corp. achieved record earnings in 2010 and increased dividends for the fifth year in a row. OG&E and Enogex successfully completed several major infrastructure expansion projects and set the stage for more growth in the years ahead.
2011: Work to do
We’re pleased with what we’ve accomplished; yet we know there’s much work to do. In 2011, we’ll execute the largest single-year capital invest- ment program in OGE’s 109-year history. Projects totaling $1.4 billion are planned: new transmission lines, our largest wind farm, smart grid, natural gas gathering lines and a pair of new processing plants.
These investment opportunities
are indicative of the work completed
to position us for growth. We expect even more growth projects in the years ahead. At Enogex, we believe our strong working relationships with natural gas producers, combined with funding for projects from ArcLight, our equity part- ner, will create new avenues to expand our midstream business.
At OG&E, partnering with customers, our strong record of performance and our values-based approach to busi- ness have helped create a constructive regulatory climate. As we plan for new infrastructure to better serve our cus- tomers in the years ahead, the 2011 calendar brings rate cases in both Oklahoma and Arkansas. As always, we seek outcomes that fairly balance the interests of all groups concerned.
Value for shareholders
In pursuit of our vision, we seek to create a great work environment for our members, at the same time provid- ing reliable service at a reasonable cost for customers and attractive returns for investors. We’ve been successful in these areas, yet we have specific
plans to continue to grow earnings and dividends even as we make record capital investments.
We’ll need industry-leading performance from the 3,400 men and women who work here. And we believe, based on what we’ve done and on what we’re planning, that OGE is well prepared and strongly positioned – not only to deliver for the people who are counting on us, but to lead our industry. For this mission, we are energized.
Sincerely,
Peter B. Delaney
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 OGE Energy Corp. 3
