  To Our Shareholders
In reviewing 2008, we looked back on a time period that was remarkable in several ways. First, we are pleased to report that ONEOK had an excellent year overall, thanks in large part to ONEOK Partners’ record-setting performance, accomplished while successfully executing the largest growth program in its history – and ours as well.
As we all know, the world is always changing and sometimes presents itself as a (very) bumpy road. The bumpy road this time is a global recession, which became abundantly clear last fall as leading financial institutions faltered. Millions of hard-working Americans across diverse sectors of the economy have since lost their jobs.
The stock market was affected, turning in its worst performance since the 1930s. ONEOK’s share price also declined but, based on its three-year performance, continued to represent a great value for the long-term investor.
As in life, it’s always less about the bumps and more about how you deal with them that determine the success of the journey. We believe ONEOK is well prepared and ready for the bumpy road ahead.
Certainly, 2009 will present some challenges. But, let’s take a look first at how we did last year.
Performance Review
ONEOK Partners All of the partnership’s businesses performed well, surpassing prior year’s results, with operating income increasing 44 percent to $644.8 million. A key driver of all the partnership’s businesses is to increase the volume of supply connected to its assets. In 2008, volumes connected to the partnership's assets grew, with its natural gas liquids (NGL) gathering and fractionation business establishing new records.
This volume growth, combined with wider NGL product price differentials and historically high commodity prices through most of the year, contributed to the partnership’s superior performance. It’s no accident that this segment benefited from these events. While these assets provide us with predominantly fee-based earnings, they also provide us with the opportunity to capture additional earnings through our contract structure and optimization capabilities.
This April marks our third anniversary as sole general partner and significant owner of the master limited partnership. In March 2008, we purchased an additional 5.4 million common units for $303.2 million, increasing our ownership position to 47.7 percent.
The partnership increased its distributions to unitholders by 7 percent in 2008 and by 35 percent since we became general partner in April 2006. By virtue of ONEOK’s general partner interest and significant ownership position, the partnership provided ONEOK with nearly $252 million in cash through distributions in 2008, almost a 25 percent increase from $202 million in 2007.
David L. Kyle John W. Gibson
Chairman Chief Executive Officer
1

2
Distribution Our natural gas distribution segment improved upon the higher level of sustainable financial performance established in 2007. Operating income was $188.8 million, an increase of more than 8 percent over the previous year.
The distribution segment’s 2008 results represent a 66 percent improvement over those of 2005, the year in which we initiated a best-practices approach across our three utilities to create efficiencies, control costs and develop rate strategies to reduce the lag time involved in recovery of our investment dollars.
Energy Services Volatile market conditions, which saw natural gas prices rise to historic highs in the summer and then decline during the winter heating season, contributed heavily to a disappointing year in our energy services segment. Operating income was $75.7 million, a 63 percent decrease from 2007.
Its core business strategy remains sound – providing premium services to its customers, primarily local distribution companies. We are taking steps to reduce this segment’s earnings volatility and working capital requirements, while ensuring that it continues to provide superior customer service.
Record Growth
ONEOK Partners continued to deliver on its growth-engine promises, investing some $1.2 billion into a variety of growth projects in 2008. Capital expenditures dedicated to this $2 billion growth program, which we undertook in 2006, will be approximately $355 million in 2009 as we now enter the homestretch.
Nearly two-thirds of the internal-growth spending is committed to the NGL business, whose operations now stretch from the Rocky Mountains to the Texas Gulf Coast. We are now funneling new supplies of NGLs from prolific basins in Wyoming, Colorado, Oklahoma and Texas into the heart of our NGL infrastructure.
And our growth projects don’t end here. We have additional projects identified, which will be pursued as customer demand and economic conditions warrant.
Financial Strength
ONEOK has increased the dividend 43 percent over the last three years and achieved consecutive profitable earnings each year for generations. We are a financially disciplined company that generates large cash flows (free cash flow in 2008 was $170 million, compared with $182 million the previous year); maintains a prudent debt-to- capitalization ratio, which allows us to be opportunistic; and protects its investment-grade credit ratings, which provide financial flexibility and a lower cost of capital.
As the general partner and 47.7 percent owner of ONEOK Partners, our interests and the partnership’s are clearly aligned. The partnership also maintains an investment-grade credit rating, with a strong and healthy balance sheet. Earnings resulting from ONEOK Partners’ growth program will further strengthen ONEOK in the years ahead.

 Total Returns
140% 120% 100%
80% 60% 40% 20%
0% -20% -40%
OKE
S&P 500 UTILITIES S&P 500
                                          10-YEAR TOTAL RETURN
5-YEAR TOTAL RETURN
3-YEAR TOTAL RETURN
Challenges and Opportunities
The year ahead will be challenging. Uncertain capital markets, a struggling economy and volatile commodity prices all contribute to the challenges we face.
We are continually building and preparing our company to be ready for the road ahead. And where presently there are challenges, there also are opportunities.
We are beginning to see attractive acquisition opportunities that simply didn’t exist less than a year ago. We’re looking at them and asking the same questions that have historically served us well: How do they fit with our vision? Do they create long-term value for ONEOK, its customers and other stakeholders?
A Better ONEOK
As the world changes, so do we. Over our 102-year history, we have changed to ensure that our financial success continues but never at the expense of our stakeholders.
We are currently taking major steps to unify and further improve our environmental, safety and health program in practical, measurable ways that serve all of our stakeholders. Our focus has always been – and continues to be – on safe, environmentally sound and compliant operations. We encourage you to read
An Essay on Responsibility that begins on page 16 of this report. It’s a reflection of our culture for continuous improvement in everything we do – on the job and after working hours.
We deeply appreciate all of the men and women who make ONEOK work – in all seasons. Speaking for all of us, we appreciate your continued investment and trust in our company.
David L. Kyle John W. Gibson Chairman Chief Executive Officer
March 10, 2009
    3
