Letter from the President
 Dear Fellow Shareholders
The story of 2009 was one of balance. It was about how Omnicom’s leading portfolio of global advertising and marketing brands, balanced by geography and discipline, withstood the worst global recession in the Company’s history. It was about the remarkable job our agencies did of balancing the need to manage costs with the need to maintain the high quality of services they provide to clients. It was about why Omnicom remains the best in the industry at delivering a balance of exceptional creativity and quality for clients, and margins and profitability for shareholders, even in the most challenging of business environments. Perhaps most importantly, it was about how Omnicom was able to balance the short-term response to our difficult economic environment with a long-term strategy to grow our exceptional portfolio of businesses and take advantage of the many opportunities that economic recovery will offer.
The financial highlights of 2009 capture just how difficult that environment was as clients decreased their marketing spending to adapt to their own business downturn. Omnicom’s worldwide revenue was down 12.3% to $11.7 billion. Operating income fell 18.6% to $1.4 billion, and operating margins were 11.7% for the year. Diluted earnings per share declined 19.4% to $2.53. Despite lower revenue and earnings, the diligent efforts of our finance and operations team enabled us to increase cash flow from operations by nearly $340 million to $1.7 billion and to strengthen Omnicom’s balance sheet by reducing total debt by more than $800 million.
What these highlights do not capture is the outstanding performance of Omnicom relative to our peers – performance that was driven by the exceptional efforts of employees across all of our agencies. Omnicom set a high bar. We challenged our agencies to align costs with anticipated decreases in revenue. We challenged them to do far more with much less, while also adjusting their offerings to better meet the needs of clients in a rapidly evolving digital environment. They met those challenges spectacularly well, for which all employees have our heartfelt thanks. Given the business context in which they were operating, the results our agencies produced are arguably the best Omnicom has ever delivered.
While these accomplishments certainly involved self-sacrifice across our business during 2009, there was no sacrifice in the quality of our offering. Our agency management teams did a great job of managing costs to deliver more value even as their teams dominated global awards for creative excellence and customer service. Our agencies and networks continued to play strong offense wherever possible, winning substantial new business throughout the year with new and existing

Letter from the President
clients. And they accomplished all of these business objectives, under very difficult circumstances, while remaining fully involved with their individual community outreach initiatives.
The advantage of knowledge.
Balancing demands for creative
excellence, client service, business
goals and community involvement
is challenging in the best of years.
Our relative success in 2009 on
each of these mandates can be
directly correlated to the full suite
of skills our management teams
bring to their agencies. Excellence
in all aspects of business
management is an ongoing priority
and a core strategic advantage for
Omnicom. For more than a decade
and a half, we have invested in
formalizing and disseminating our
collective business knowledge
through advanced education
programs, seminars and
conferences, some of which are
considered to be among the world’s
preeminent executive education
programs. Each year, hundreds of
senior managers and future leaders
attend Omnicom University’s three
primary programs – the Senior
Management Program (SMP),
Postgraduate Program and the
Advanced Management Program –
at venues in the United States,
Europe and Asia. We intend to
expand them to more emerging
markets. After a year’s hiatus, we
will bring back our Financial Leadership Conferences in the U.S., Europe and Asia. These events spread our collective expertise on key business management issues such as cash management, business planning, risk management, accounting and financial systems. We invest tens of millions of dollars in these and many other training efforts each year. The return on investment for both our agencies and our shareholders, especially in challenging years like 2008 and 2009, has been incalculable.
2009 Creative Highlights
In The Big Won, Omnicom was the top-performing holding company, while BBDO Worldwide and DDB Worldwide were ranked the No. 1 and No. 2 networks, respectively.
Adweek named OMD its Global Media Agency of the Year for 2009. OMD also garnered Advertising Age’s Media Agency of the Year title.
For the fourth consecutive year, BBDO was named the Most Awarded Agency Network in the World in the 2009 Gunn Report. Goodby, Silverstein & Partners was the Most Awarded Interactive Agency and DDB London was Most Awarded Agency.
BBDO, Goodby, Silverstein and TBWA were among Advertising Age’s top ten “Agencies of the Decade.”
LatinWorks was named Advertising Age’s Multicultural Agency of the Year and Alma DDB was named to the A-List.

Letter from the President
Our strategy in digital media. During the next few years, we expect to see an accelerating focus on digital media to communicate brand messages. New technologies – from rich media to mobile to location- based services – hold tremendous opportunity for our industry and we are committed to remain at the forefront of digital media innovation.
Our business strategy is based on a fundamental belief that the Internet is a medium, not a discipline. We believe that our clients are looking for specialized skills but demand integrated strategies, and want to work with companies that can deliver both. Omnicom agencies must have a skill set that enables them to take advantage of traditional and digital media to deliver value to clients whose audiences are increasingly fragmented by the revolution in behavioral marketing, targeting and analytics. The specific strategies will differ based on discipline and on an agency’s strategy to deliver services to its clients. But in all cases, we believe our agencies must – and for the most part do – provide a broad spectrum of communications across existing and emerging digital platforms.
Omnicom was early in embracing digital as a communication tool. We’ve made great progress ensuring that our agencies have built strong digital capabilities. But like the Internet itself, this is an evolving effort. We have challenged all of our agencies to continually assess and invest in their digital capabilities to stay at the forefront of what is possible and appropriate for clients. Some will develop the additional capabilities they need and integrate them with their traditional businesses. In other cases, we will acquire or fund the start-up of the specialized digital skills we need to fill gaps in our capabilities or catalyze our learning for broader development. We expect these acquisition and development efforts, which are driven by the needs of our clients, to gain momentum as 2010 unfolds.
Buildingourgeographicportfolio. Omnicom’sstrategyfor expansion in developing markets always begins with a question: How can we do a better job of serving our clients? Helping our agencies expand their technological capabilities is a key area of growth. Geographic expansion is another as we seek to serve new clients or more of the marketing communication needs of existing clients as they expand into new regions.
During the past several years, we have focused considerable resources on building our presence in China, with talented agencies achieving great results for their clients. At the prestigious China International Advertising Festival, BBDO, DDB and TBWA won top honors for their creative work. Our agencies also swept the major portion of awards at the Digital Media Awards in Beijing, including the Digital Agency of
the Year honors won by BBDO/Proximity. Important as our capabilities

Letter from the President
are in China, we also intend to broaden our presence in other emerging parts of Asia, such as India. We have a strong foothold in Africa, and we intend to continue to develop our breadth across the continent. In the Middle East, we strengthened our position by acquiring majority control of Impact BBDO, a long-standing affiliate partner with 13 offices in seven countries in the region.
Being socially responsible. We’ve said in the past that, regardless of the business environment we operate in, Omnicom and its agencies will be unfailing in their commitment to socially responsible policies and practices. That commitment was tested in 2009, and I’m pleased – and proud – to say that our agencies were unstinting in their support of worthy causes in communities around the world. While many of our activities are detailed in our inaugural Citizenship and Sustainability Report, which can be found at www.omnicomgroup.com/AboutOmnicomGroup/2009CSRReport, I’d like to highlight three areas in particular:
Diversity. We believe in recruiting and retaining a workforce that reflects our agencies’ large and diverse client base. We also work hard to foster a working environment where each employee’s full potential can be realized. Under the guidance of our Chief Diversity Officer, appointed in early 2009, and the Omnicom Diversity Development Advisory Committee, we are implementing best practices for recruitment and retention of minorities across our agencies and networks.
Environment. With 1,500 agencies around the world, Omnicom has a responsibility to operate as efficiently as possible. We believe the biggest contribution we can make to reducing greenhouse gas emissions is to measure, reduce and monitor energy consumption. Using a very successful model to measure and reduce energy consumption that was first developed by TBWA, we launched a Company-wide audit in 2008 to establish a consumption baseline. We found that about one-third of our carbon emissions relate to electricity usage, a number that we believe we can reduce by 10 to 20 percent from the 2007 baseline. In one of a great many efforts to achieve that goal across Omnicom, we launched our Energy Reduction Initiative in 2009. The program is intended to lower agencies’ electricity use through simple, low-cost fixes such as changes to employee behaviors and the installation of more efficient lighting and office equipment.
Community. Omnicom agencies and corporate offices have a long and impressive history of supporting worthy causes with pro bono communications support, charitable contribution and employee volunteerism. These efforts represent a significant investment in local communities and are no more important than in a year like 2009, when economic stresses affected the lives of virtually every
   
Letter from the President
community. One example of our colleagues’ involvement was the Omnicom Cares Service Day. Like previous service days held in New Orleans, Boston and Prague, the 2009 event brought together employees to help a worthy recipient – the Eugenio Maria de Hostos Microsociety School in Yonkers, New York. Our people painted and repaired the school building, installed a computer lab and 13 new PCs, and organized a book drive to purchase new books for 20 classrooms. And in Shanghai, employees from ten Omnicom agencies participated in the Omnicom Charity Soccer Tournament to raise funds for “Braille Without Borders,” a charity that enables the blind to become self- sufficient contributors to society.
Looking ahead. We believe that the worst of the global recession and its impact are now behind us. The pace of recovery is not certain and is likely to be faster in some markets, such as the BRIC and other developing markets and slower in some markets, such as Europe, than in the United States and Asia. Overall, we expect that many clients will increase their marketing spend over the course of 2010, at least modestly. Our agencies have done a great job of managing their cost structures, and that will continue to be a priority. But with that challenge easing, they are already renewing their focus on growth and strategic expansion in an improving economic environment.
Our strong balance sheet and free cash flow will also enable us to be more aggressive than we have been recently in making acquisitions or investing in start-ups. Our touchstone here is always appropriateness in strategy, fit and price. An investment must meet the test of enabling Omnicom agencies to deepen their relationships with our largest clients by offering broader skills in more markets around the world.
Which brings me back to my initial theme of balance. The Omnicom that began 2010 is a uniquely well-balanced enterprise by discipline and geography, by creativity and efficiency, by traditional and digital media and by business acumen and community involvement. It is a balance that has served our clients, our shareholders and our employees very well. We are confident it will continue to do so as we navigate through the recovery that appears to be taking hold.
Sincerely,
John D. Wren
President & Chief Executive Officer
April 2010
 