 Letter from the President
Dear Fellow Shareholders
Omnicom’s strategy of seeking consistent returns from a diversified portfolio of businesses proved its value for shareholders again in 2003. Many things done very well by a great many employees enabled us to record our seventeenth consecutive year of increased revenues and earnings.
The significance of this accomplishment is underscored by the fact that 2003 was not simply a tough year. It was the third consecutive year of difficult and often uneven economic conditions for the global advertising and marketing industries. Our people made the necessary decisions to align their staffing and facilities with sustainable levels of business. They worked with us to minimize increases in operating expenses. And they never faltered in their commitment to creative excellence, which enabled our agencies to win more than $4 billion in net new business as well as the leading share of the world’s most prestigious creative awards.
Solid financial performance
Omnicom recorded $8.6 billion in worldwide revenues in 2003, a 14 percent increase from $7.5 billion in 2002. Domestic revenue increased 10 percent to $4.7 billion, while international revenues rose 20 percent to $3.9 billion. The major portion of the increase in international revenues was due to foreign exchange translation, which benefited us for the first time in recent memory. Excluding foreign exchange gains, revenues from international markets advanced 6 percent.
All disciplines contributed to revenue growth in 2003. Traditional media advertising, which accounted for 43 percent of total revenues, grew 14 percent. Customer relationship management (CRM) disciplines experienced a strong renewal in client spending on brand building, advancing more than 20 percent. Revenues from specialty communications rose 10 percent. Our public relations businesses, buoyed by a resurgence in financial services assignments and new product introductions, contributed a 4 percent increase in revenues compared to a 6 percent decline in the prior year.

 Letter from the President
Net income was $675.9 million in 2003, a 5 percent increase from the $643.5 million earned in 2002. Diluted earnings per share for 2003 rose 4 percent to $3.59 compared to $3.44 in the prior year. Operating margins decreased 1.2 percent to 13.5 percent in 2003. The margin decline resulted primarily from changes in the mix of Omnicom’s business, increased severance costs and less-than- optimal utilization rates across our networks. We believe our networks have done a good job of offsetting investments required to build revenues with ongoing efforts to align permanent staffing and facilities with current work levels. This was especially true in Europe during 2003. Though severance costs are now mostly behind us, our efforts to control operating expenses remain a key priority in all locations.
Given the continuing strength in the Company’s financial performance, in February 2004 the Board raised the annual dividend to $0.90 per share from $0.80 per share. The increase began with the first-quarter dividend of 2004.
From our clients’ perspective
A fundamental premise of Omnicom’s business is that clients’ objectives should be the central focus in how we structure our business. Our agencies may operate under different disciplines – traditional advertising, marketing communications, public relations or media buying, for example – but we organize our services to clients across those lines. We can bring together any marketing skill to create a customized, multi-disciplinary matrix of expertise capable of delivering consistent brand messages in virtually any market in the world, and do so in a way that is transparent to the client. This is a significant advantage for clients wanting greater efficiency and effectiveness from their marketing dollars.
It is also a distinctive competitive advantage for Omnicom. We have a balanced complement of top-quality agencies in each marketing discipline in all major markets. We believe this to be a key factor in our net new business wins, which totaled $4.1 billion in 2003 and an impressive $12.7 billion over the past three years.

 Letter from the President
Omnicom’s fundamental strategy is to seek consistent returns from a diversified portfolio of businesses linked through our largest clients. While every client relationship is important to us, one of Omnicom’s primary objectives is to serve more of the needs of our largest clients. In 2003, as in 2002, revenues from our top 250 clients increased by more than 15 percent, outpacing total revenue gains in both years. These clients now account for over half of worldwide revenues. We have said this before and it bears repeating: broadening our business with our largest clients by expanding the Company’s service capabilities and geographic reach creates overlapping client relationships among our agencies that not only strengthens revenues but also adds stability to Omnicom’s financial performance.
Large client or small, creative excellence – backed by service
quality and measurable results – must be the defining characteristic of the relationship between agencies and their clients. Our
networks again demonstrated their creative leadership in 2003.
For the second consecutive year, and the third time in four years, BBDO Worldwide was the most recognized agency network in the world according to the annual Gunn Report on global advertising awards. TBWA Worldwide took second place on the Gunn list, with an unprecedented three agencies among the world’s top ten. Advertising Age gave DDB Worldwide its 2003 Global Agency Network of the Year award. And our specialty marketing companies, always very highly regarded within their specialties, continued to demonstrate their leadership in annual compilations of creative excellence.
OMD Worldwide completed its first full year as a unified, global operation. The business continued to deliver on the promise underlying its launch in 2002, winning more than 400 new assignments around the world.
Investing in our relationships
During 2003, our agencies took advantage of attractive opportunities to make substantial investments in their creative bench strength.

 Letter from the President
They hired senior creative people and their account teams primarily with an eye to winning future business. That strategy began to pay off in new client assignments by the end of the year, and we expect to see a substantial return on these investments in 2004 and 2005.
Investing in our people has a long and successful history at Omnicom. We believe that our employees have tremendous “embedded knowledge,” or collective business experience, that should be made available to Omnicom employees around the world. In this sense, we are a learning and a teaching organization in which the sharing of our business knowledge is both a core competency and a competitive advantage.
In 1995, for example, we founded Omnicom University and created the Senior Management Program (SMP) with Harvard Business School professor Len Schlesinger. The SMP is a global leadership program that uses the case study approach to explore the best contemporary thinking on the management of professional service firms. More than 700 CEOs and senior managers of Omnicom companies have completed their two-year commitment.
DAS University’s Business Learning Program was founded in 1997 to disseminate the essential skills required in a professional services firm. The program is open to all managers at Omnicom companies and, to date, 2,200 of our colleagues have attended programs in the U.S., United Kingdom and Latin America.
In September 2003, ten recent graduates of top business schools began our new MBA Residency Program. During the 30 months of the program, they will rotate through six of our disciplines, guided by a management-level mentor within each operating company. By getting cross-training experience at this early stage in their careers, we believe participants will not only find the right placement within the Company but also develop the skills required to serve clients in multiple disciplines.

 Letter from the President
We also believe in sharing our skills with the communities which support our businesses. Each year, our agencies and networks invest considerable time and resources in support of charitable and not-for-profit activities. This pro bono work, comprising many thousands of hours of professional time each year, is driven by individual agencies in their local communities without direction from Omnicom. This ‘giving back’ is a compelling testimonial to the generous spirit that animates our agencies and their employees.
The return on these investments comes to us in many ways. An independent benchmarking study showed that, between 1995 and 2002, the cost savings attributable to reduced senior management turnover more than reimbursed us for all our learning activities. The same study also identified a critical feature of the successful professional services firm that we have discussed previously: those offices with a strong corporate culture, solid leadership and high employee morale are also the most profitable.
Governance and stock-based compensation
I can say with unequivocal certainty that the shareholders of Omnicom have been very well served over the years by the governance of the Board of Directors. During 2002 and 2003, the Board made a number of proactive changes in response to evolving standards of corporate governance, and it is making additional changes in 2004. Specifically, the Board has approved Omnicom’s election, in advance of requirements by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, to record as an expense on the Company’s income statement the fair value of stock options awarded to employees.
The election became effective January 1, 2004.
An important point: This change in accounting in no way alters our philosophy with regard to incentive compensation for employees. We have already changed our mix of compensation, and we may consider more changes. We intend to preserve the flexibility to design competitive compensation packages that enable us to attract and retain the very best talent in each of our business disciplines.

 Letter from the President
Looking ahead
We entered 2004 with good momentum on several fronts. Global economic growth has generally resumed – Europe being slower to get under way – and clients are again investing in brand building after three years of maintenance spending. The difficult job of matching personnel and facilities to work levels was substantially completed last year, and we can now focus our attention on building revenues on a more cost-effective foundation, especially in Europe. That said, we will continue the challenging work of helping agencies fine-tune their cost structures. We also expect incentive compensation, which was scaled back in recent years, to become a more prominent expense in order to ensure that we continue to provide key personnel with competitive compensation packages.
Client-centered networks, exceptional creative talent, industry- leading breadth in all disciplines, global capability in all major markets – these are the perennial drivers of revenues at Omnicom agencies. We believe these capabilities make a compelling case to clients that are seeking ways to ensure their marketing dollars are well spent. Our businesses plan to make that case aggressively during 2004 in order to build our growing share of markets around the world.
Our objectives for 2004 will be very familiar to those who know Omnicom: growth of revenues and earnings, balance in a diversified portfolio of businesses, and stability of returns for shareholders.
The strategy underpinning those objectives has delivered steady increases in shareholder value for 17 years. We intend to keep the record going.
Sincerely,
John D. Wren
President & Chief Executive Officer
April 2004
 