Letter from the President
Omnicom
  To My Fellow Shareholders
Omnicom had a very good year in 2012. We made substantial progress against our financial and key strategic initiatives. Our organic growth led the industry, we delivered on our margin target, and again generated the highest return on capital in the sector. Strategically, we continued to expand our footprint, find and retain the best talent, and deepen our capabilities to better serve our clients. As a result of the commitment, talent, and creativity of our agencies and a relentless focus on our financial performance, we enter 2013 in a strong position.
Financial Overview
Last year we faced a number of headwinds, most notably a recession in Europe and a lackluster recovery in the US. In the developing markets, we saw stronger growth in Asia and Latin America. Through it all, our agencies performed exceptionally well and Omnicom’s worldwide revenue increased 2.5% to
$14.2 billion in 2012. Moreover, organic growth for the year was a very strong 4%. A combination of new business wins and rapid growth in developing markets contributed to our excellent performance.
On the margin front, we achieved our target for the year of 13.4%. This is a result of a thorough review process to drive efficiencies across our portfolio of businesses. We will continue to pursue operational improvements on an agency- by-agency basis.
We maximized the use of our strong cash flow. For the year, we returned over $1.3 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.
In fact, since 2002 we have nearly doubled revenues while returning approximately 99% of net income to shareholders. In February 2013 our Board approved a 33% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.40 per share. With this increase we have more than doubled our dividend per share since 2010.
The combination of these factors resulted in our diluted earnings per share increasing to $3.61, or 8.4%, and a return on capital of 18.6%.

 We continue to support our agencies with a strategy that remains distinct in the industry of building our digital capabilities within our agencies, not beside them.
Positioned for Continued Growth
We are at an important moment in our industry, one defined by constant and rapid change in how and where we operate. As a service organization, our job is to support great clients around the world and help them grow their businesses. To do this well, we must constantly inspire new ideas, adopt new approaches and adapt to changing technologies.
Our core strategies are designed to leverage the strengths of our agencies and help us succeed in these exciting times. We find and invest in the best talent, because they are the source of great ideas and flawless execution. We build our presence in markets that matter today and for the future, so that we can serve global and local clients. We continue to invest in our digital and analytical capabilities and assets around the world, so that we can make effective use of new technologies. And, we bring this all together to deliver innovative and integrated solutions using meaningful consumer insights across disciplines and platforms for the benefit of our clients.
While our strategies drive growth, it is our culture of collaboration and creativity that serves as the common denominator, or DNA, of Omnicom and our diverse portfolio of more than 1,000 companies. It is this cultural foundation that underpins all we do — for our clients, our shareholders, and the communities we share.
Innovation and Collaboration
Driven by the rapid pace of change our agencies, from public relations to customer relationship management to advertising to media and across all our disciplines, are experimenting with new technologies and building innovative platforms at an astonishing pace. We continue to support our agencies with a strategy that remains distinct in the industry of building our digital capabilities within our agencies, not beside them.
We believe the distinction between digital and traditional advertising has disappeared. In brand advertising, BBDO, DDB, and TBWA each have digital talent and capabilities that are fully integrated within their agencies. They no longer solely execute TV or radio or print campaigns. They are using social, mobile, and other digital platforms to offer comprehensive digital offerings to their clients. In shopper marketing, our agencies are incorporating social, e-commerce, and mobile in-store components into their offerings to increase customer targeting and drive purchase decisions. In public relations, our agencies are leaders in promoting their clients’ brands and marketing initiatives through the use of social media.
The interconnected world is also generating terabytes of valuable data that is changing the way advertisers buy and sell ads, target audiences and measure a campaign’s effectiveness. While each of our agencies continues to develop digital and analytical skill sets, at Omnicom Media Group we continue to invest in the growth of Annalect, our primary data and analytical business. Annalect includes our search, mobile and display businesses and, in a few short years, has grown to over 600 employees serving clients in more than 30 markets. Annalect is aggressively working with partners and clients to collect a vast array of global
 
 Our top priority has always been to employ the smartest people and build the most creative teams.
and local data, centralize it, secure it, analyze it, and translate it, empowering users across our agencies and clients to gain new insights and make better marketing decisions.
The digital landscape is also blurring lines between disciplines and geographies as mediums like social and mobile become part of the norm for any marketing campaign. As a result, our major clients are increasingly seeking integrated solutions. For these clients, which are served by multiple agencies in our group, we have formed dedicated teams across disciplines and geographies to further collaborate, share insights and ideas, and work together to achieve common objectives. Focused efforts like these throughout Omnicom are driving the shift in how our agencies work together. Ultimately, that means added value for our clients in the form of more effective, measurable communications.
Strength in Developing Markets
Our goal since the formation of Omnicom has been to build our brands and agencies to serve our clients’ needs. Omnicom today operates in more than 100 countries and expanding our presence in developing markets continues to be a core strategic focus for us.
Given the uncertainties of the global economy, our success is largely a result of our approach — growing through a combination of strategic and prudent acquisitions as well as focused organic investments in our agencies. Meeting our clients’ needs by service offering and geographic location is the first test for all our acquisitions, followed by cultural fit and price.
We completed 14 acquisitions over the course of the year. One of the most important investments was buying NIM Digital, a leading agency in China specializing in media planning and buying, search, and digital production services. We also acquired a number of agencies that extended our capabilities in consumer insights, digital, and analytics.
Equally important, we continue to make organic investments in our networks and agencies so they, in turn, can better service and grow their client base. As a result, our networks extended their geographic reach in countries including India, Indonesia, Pakistan and Vietnam, and hired some of the best talent in the business. Our success in Asia Pacific was recently reflected by our agencies’ performance at the prestigious 2012 Spike Advertising Festival, where they won a record number of awards, significantly outpacing the competition.
All in all, we continue to enhance our service offerings to meet our clients’ needs for integrated marketing across the globe, and to provide marketing solutions to the next decade’s biggest brands.
Unsurpassed Talent
Our top priority has always been to employ the smartest people and to build the most creative teams across disciplines and geographies and ensure they have the tools, training, and leadership to service clients effectively.
Regardless of economic times, Omnicom consistently and significantly invests in the continuing education and development of our current and future leaders. Omnicom University’s Senior Management Program, our industry's premiere
 
 Campaign Asia named DDB Creative Advertising Network of the Year.
OMD won the Media Grand Prix at Cannes Festival of Media, and was also the most awarded media agency in the 2012 competition, winning a total of 15 Media Lions.
BBDO finished first in the Gunn Report 2012 Most Awarded Network for the seventh consecutive year.
PHD was named Global Media Agency of the Year by Adweek.
Ketchum was named 2012 Agency of the Year by PR Week.
LatinWorks won Advertising Age’s Multicultural Agency of the Year.
executive leadership course, and its Advanced Management Program offered in North America, Europe, and Asia to our future leaders, are and will remain the centerpiece of our commitment to attract, motivate, and retain the best talent in the business. Our agencies and networks are similarly focused on attracting and retaining the best talent through their own sophisticated learning and development programs, such as Catalyst at DDB, BBDO University at BBDO, OMG University at Omnicom Media Group, and Tiger Academy at TBWA.
Talent development and leadership will continue to be a key priority for us because a culture of excellence — creatively and operationally — is what attracts top talent to our agencies. It is this culture that allows our agencies to produce best-in-class work, which is recognized around the globe.
Corporate Responsibility Leadership
Omnicom and our agencies share the common priorities of investing in our people, giving back to the communities we touch, and protecting the environment. We are working to lead the industry by example and together we made remarkable progress in 2012.
Environment — I am pleased to report that we have achieved our goal of reducing our overall office electricity carbon footprint by 20 percent from our 2008 baseline. Thanks to the innovative spirit of our team, we are making a difference in creative ways. For example, one of our agencies developed an advertising billboard that actively removes CO2 and other pollutants from the atmosphere.
Diversity — Within our doors we continue to foster a work environment that reflects our global community. We have reinforced our commitment to diversity and inclusion by establishing four “Chief Diversity Champions” to represent our network of companies. These extraordinary individuals meet regularly with our Chief Diversity Officer to ensure that Omnicom achieves its diversity goals. This collaborative spirit and commitment was recently reflected at the 2012 ADCOLOR® awards where TBWA, BBDO and Fleishman-Hillard won top honors in four major categories — Rising Star, Creative, Change Agent, and MVP.
Community — Omnicom and our family of agencies have a deep tradition of giving back to the communities we touch. One example of employee volunteerism takes place every year in conjunction with Omnicom Cares, our community service initiative, and our Financial Leadership Conferences. In 2012 we performed our largest community service project to benefit the financially disadvantaged families of Johnson Gretna Park Elementary School in New Orleans.
As a global organization, among the many philanthropic causes supported by Omnicom and its agencies is Plan International. This year we elevated our support of and helped raise awareness for the “Because I Am a Girl” initiative, which will provide millions of girls with the ability to pursue an education, and obtain the skills and support they need to move from poverty to opportunity.
 
Looking ahead
As I visit our agencies there is an air of excitement, driven by innovative thinking, new partnerships, positive trends, and an overall drive to win. The pace of technological change is creating truly exciting opportunities for innovative marketers to reach consumers in new ways. Omnicom’s agencies have a deep pool of talent from which to produce exceptionally creative work in mediums new and established. Combined with greater collaboration and integration across our networks, we will see more insights, better creative, and stronger business results on behalf of the clients we are privileged to serve.
I am proud of Omnicom’s accomplishments in 2012. Above all, they reflect the great professionalism and hard work of our agencies and people around the world. We continue to stay focused on delivering value for our clients and driving our financial performance. This approach has served us well over the years and will translate into solid operating gains in the years ahead.
Sincerely,
John D. Wren
President & Chief Executive Officer April 2013
 