 Letter from the President
Dear Fellow Shareholders
Few things are more satisfying as a chief executive than to look back on the year just past and be able to declare that management’s major objectives were accomplished. I am pleased to say that 2004 was such a year for Omnicom.
Omnicom again increased annual revenues and earnings. Our strategy of serving more of the needs of Omnicom’s largest clients through client-centered networks helped drive revenues to record highs in 2004. We saw significant benefits from realigning the cost structures of our agencies during the past three years. This in turn enabled us to fulfill our stated goal of substantially increasing incentive compensation so we can continue to attract and retain top-quality talent at our agencies. Those agencies performed exceptionally well in their own right during 2004, not only gaining market share and winning new clients but also commanding an unprecedented share of our industry’s most prestigious awards for creative excellence.
Though it was not on our strategic agenda, we were also pleased that Omnicom was included in Fortune magazine’s list of “America’s Most Admired Companies” for 2004. We led our industry group in the annual survey with the number one position in seven of eight key attributes, including innovation, employee talent, financial soundness and long-term investment.
Consistent operating performance
After three years of lagging economic conditions and cautious commitments by clients, we began to see the signs of spending growth during 2004. Omnicom’s worldwide revenues increased
13 percent in 2004 to $9.7 billion from $8.6 billion in 2003. Domestic revenues increased more than 10 percent to $5.2 billion, while international revenues advanced 16 percent to $4.5 billion. Approximately 10 percent of the increase in international revenues resulted from foreign exchange impacts, most notably the continued strengthening during 2004 of the Euro and British pound against the U.S. dollar.

 Letter from the President
Each of our marketing services disciplines contributed to revenue growth in 2004. Traditional media advertising grew by more than
11 percent and accounted for 43 percent of total revenues. Customer relationship management – about 35 percent of revenues last year – posted a solid 14 percent gain over 2003. Specialty communications had a terrific year, advancing nearly 18 percent due largely to a strong resurgence in spending from the healthcare and recruitment sectors. Our public relations companies also performed very well, posting a 12 percent gain in revenues over 2003 levels.
Net income in 2004 was $723.5 million, a 15 percent increase from the $631 million earned in 2003. Diluted earnings per share also increased 15 percent in 2004, to $3.88 per share from $3.37 per share in 2003. It is worth noting that this strong bottom-line performance was achieved despite significant additional expenses required to complete Omnicom’s Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 certification.
As we announced last year at this time, Omnicom was an early adopter of the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s requirement that stock options awarded to employees be recorded as an expense on the Company’s income statement. We adopted the new standard as at January 1, 2004. This change in no way altered our flexibility to design the competitive compensation packages we need to attract and keep the best talent required by our agencies to meet the expectations of our clients.
Sarbanes-Oxley certification
In late 2004, Omnicom successfully completed its Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 certification process. Section 404 requires senior managers of public companies to take responsibility for the effectiveness of the internal control structures and procedures that underlie their companies’ financial reporting. The certification process required documentation and testing across all of our companies around the world in order to make certain that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective for the recording, processing, summarization and reporting of information required to be included in our annual report on Form 10-K.

 Letter from the President
The compliance process necessitated a huge expenditure of energy and resources during the past 18-24 months by our financial staff around the world. In fact, our acquisition activity was curtailed during this time because of the pressing demands of the certification process. This annual certification and audit procedure has added a substantial amount of recurring expense to Omnicom’s cost base.
Investing for excellence
I noted in last year’s letter that our agencies made several significant investments in hiring senior creative people and their account teams. As we anticipated, we are seeing significant returns on these investments, not only in new business won but also in the creative energy they have brought to their agencies. We intend to continue to invest in Omnicom’s business and people while ensuring that the whole is also as efficient as possible.
Investments such as these generate substantial returns for Omnicom and its shareholders over the long term. Our business model places clients at the center of our organization. To make this approach a practical reality for clients, we have invested substantial amounts of capital to achieve a balanced mix of top-quality agencies in each marketing discipline in major markets around the world, which enables us to bring together a customized mix of skills to deliver client messages consistently and cost-effectively. This client-centric approach is a key factor in the continuing growth in Omnicom’s market share in all disciplines.
Managing that growth efficiently is an important priority for us because it is the engine of new investment. During 2004, we saw the benefits of our organization-wide efforts to get cost structures right location by location in a rapidly changing marketplace. The credit for Omnicom’s success in achieving alignment between its resources and business levels must go to the management teams of our individual agencies. It’s worth noting that many of these men and women have attended Omnicom University programs that gave them the opportunity to learn the best practices needed to manage

 Letter from the President
professional service firms effectively. We expect that our multi-million-dollar annual investment in continuing education will deliver significant returns for many years to come.
Our agencies’ ability to right-size their operations enabled us to improve operating profits and to substantially increase the incentive compensation that enables us to attract and retain the creative talent that is the foundation of our relationships with clients. Our long-term strategy of investing to build top creative teams around the world paid off again in 2004. In the annual Gunn Report on the performance of agency networks in the world’s top creative awards, Omnicom’s networks took the top three places, with the winner taking an unprecedented total number of awards. In fact, our three networks were awarded more than the rest of the top ten networks combined.
We expect our investment in the future growth of Omnicom will accelerate in 2005. As we’ve said repeatedly, our over-arching competitive strategy is to broaden our business with our largest clients by growing our marketing capabilities and geographic reach. Having a balanced mix of the top agencies in all marketing disciplines in all key markets enables us not only to compete effectively for new business with few conflicts of interest but also to create overlapping relationships between agencies. It is a strategy that has shown its effectiveness in growing revenues and providing consistency for Omnicom’s consolidated financial performance. So we anticipate that investment in new acquisitions will increase in 2005 compared to the previous two years as we acquire new creative businesses that will help us meet more of the identified needs of our large clients around the world.
Looking ahead
We ended 2004 with a tangible feeling of renewed momentum. Apart from the usual adjustments required by business wins and losses, the right-sizing necessitated by the challenging global markets of the past three years is substantially behind us. The focus throughout the Omnicom group of agencies is now sharply on growth – profitable growth.

 Letter from the President
We have a very solid foundation on which to continue to grow. Our creative teams are the best in the business, and we intend to make investments to develop and deepen our creative bench strength. Equally important is our agencies’ ability to work together in client-centric networks that transcend disciplines and geographies
in pursuit of the very best outcome for clients.
Overall, our objectives and the strategies to meet them will be for the most part unchanged from those that have delivered many consecutive years of improvements in revenues and earnings. We intend to grow revenues by serving more of the needs of our
largest clients through client-centered networks of the top creative talents in major markets around the world. Through hard work at all levels of Omnicom, we now have a far more sustainable cost structure, and in 2005 we will continue to look for opportunities to improve on the efficiencies we’ve achieved. This straightforward approach to creating value has served our shareholders well for the past 18 years, and we intend do our very best to ensure that it does again in 2005.
Sincerely,
John D. Wren
President & Chief Executive Officer
April 2005
 