Letter from the President
Dear Fellow Shareholders
Stated simply, 2007 was a terrific year for Omnicom and a confirmation of our strategy of seeking consistent returns from a diversified, yet complementary, portfolio of outstanding businesses. Earnings per share grew by 18 percent, driven by record revenues that featured strong contributions from all markets and disciplines. The talented teams at our agencies captured a major share of the world’s awards for creative excellence, and we continued to invest to ensure we have the depth and breadth of skills our clients need, wherever they need them.
There were several notable transitions at our agency networks during 2007. At TBWA Worldwide, Jean-Marie Dru took on the position of Chairman, passing the reins of CEO to the network’s President, Tom Carroll. Lee Clow, who had served as Chairman, will continue to lead the evolution of TBWA’s product as its Global Director of Media Arts.
Late in 2007, the Omnicom family
lost a great friend and founding
colleague with the passing of Phil
Dusenberry. Phil, named one of the
“Top 100 Advertising People” over
the last century by Advertising Age,
was a true legend in the business.
As Chairman and Chief Creative
Officer of BBDO New York, and subsequently as Chairman of BBDO North America, he helped transform BBDO into a creative powerhouse that produced some of the most memorable campaigns of the time. Phil’s motto — “The Work, The Work, The Work” — remains the touchstone by which BBDO, and in fact all Omnicom agencies, judge and promote the quality of their creative output.
2007 Financial Highlights
Diluted earnings per share rose 18 percent to $2.95.
Net income increased
13 percent to $976 million.
Worldwide revenue rose 11.6 percent to $12.7 billion.
Advertising revenues advanced 12 percent, CRM 14 percent, Public Relations 11 percent, and Specialty Communications 6 percent, excluding a prior- year disposition.
Operating income grew 12 percent to $1.7 billion; operating margins were 13.1 percent.
Cash flow from operations was $1.6 billion.

Letter from the President
And in that regard, 2007 was a stellar year. BBDO Worldwide won top honors as the Most Awarded Network in the World from The Gunn Report for the second consecutive year and a record fifth time. TBWA Worldwide took third place, with TBWA\Chiat\Day winning Most Awarded Agency in the World. BBDO Worldwide and DDB Worldwide captured first and third place, respectively, in The Big Won as the most-awarded agency networks across every media discipline. At the prestigious Cannes International Advertising Festival, BBDO Worldwide and DDB Worldwide took first and second place honors for Network of the Year, while OMD was named Media Agency of the Year. And Tribal DDB Worldwide, exemplifying the acceptance of digital communications as mainstream media, became the first-ever digital agency to be named Global Network of the Year by Advertising Age.
It is hard to overstate the importance of “The Work” to Omnicom’s success. Creative excellence is the very soul of our business. And when it is backed with outstanding service quality and measurable results for clients — which our agencies are among the world’s best at providing – our investments in creative quality pay consistently outsized dividends over the long term. We saw those returns reflected in another year of record revenues in 2007.
Investing in our relationships
As we’ve often said, the investments Omnicom and its agency brands continually make to strengthen our creative product, broaden our strategic platforms, or extend our geographic reach have a common purpose: We want to meet more of the needs of our largest clients, wherever and however they do business. Omnicom was an active investor during 2007, adding measurably to the skills, tools and talent that strengthen our existing businesses, deepen our client relationships, and deliver tangible returns to shareholders.
While meeting more of the needs of our largest clients may seem like old news to some, it is a strategic premise that continually renews itself as we find more and better ways to serve clients. And nowhere is this premise more evident than in the ongoing and rapid

Letter from the President
integration of digital communications into the marketing mainstream. Across disciplines and geographies, Omnicom agencies have made significant progress — some would say creative leaps — in finding new ways to blend digital and traditional media to provide efficient, dynamic communication opportunities for their clients.
New technologies provide consumers with opportunities to express themselves as never before with content, media and brands — and each other — in diverse and innovative ways. Consumers of all ages are interacting with products, sharing information and executing transactions differently, and clients are adjusting their marketing spend accordingly. So the conventional advertising or public relations campaign of just a few years ago now requires our agencies to be proficient across a much broader, integrated and interactive communications platform in order to create engaging dialogues between brands and consumers.
As this evolution continues, our strategy will remain focused on building resources, scale and unique capabilities that allow us to benefit from these changes and add measurably to the skills, tools and talent that strengthen our client relationships and deliver tangible returns to shareholders. Our success to date in meeting the needs of clients in this digitally enhanced marketplace was underscored recently when Advertising Age ranked Omnicom as the industry’s largest digital holding company.
We believe that Omnicom’s agencies and networks offer a great advantage to clients who must deal with the issue of getting consumers actively involved with their brands: Our client-centric culture enables us to create formal and virtual collaborative networks that are relevant to a specific need. This allows the sharing of skills and resources across agencies and disciplines to address all aspects of a client’s marketing challenges. It is an organizing principle that continues to be very effective at enabling our agencies to embrace the challenges and opportunities that the evolution of the marketing communications platform is presenting.

Letter from the President
Investing in our communities
As an industry leader, Omnicom promotes socially responsible policies and practices that make positive contributions to communities across all of our operations. Whether our agencies are involved in reducing their impact on the environment, deepening the diversity of their workforces, or lending a hand to their communities, we believe investing in our communities is more than smart business — it is the right thing to do.
Environment There is a clear need and solid business case for all companies to reduce their impact on the environment. Our agencies around the world are actively involved in developing and implementing efforts to reduce their environmental footprint, from office-level initiatives to decrease energy usage to networkwide programs to drive down their carbon footprint. Our aim is to reduce the environmental impact of our activities associated with our business and to seek continual improvements in the management of energy usage across the Omnicom family of agencies. In one particularly innovative program, PHD, our media network, plans to quantify for clients the life-cycle environmental impact of a wide variety of advertising media options.
Diversity One of our stated goals is to build cultures that promote creativity in the multicultural mainstream marketplace. We moved closer to that goal during 2007 with the formation of the Omnicom Diversity Development Advisory Committee (DDAC). The committee comprises eight distinguished business and community leaders as well as past and present Omnicom executives. The DDAC has a broad mission to advance the diversity of the advertising industry, which includes improving its ability to identify and attract minority talent, increasing the profile of the industry among minority communities, and assisting Omnicom in developing the talent of minority employees.
Philanthropy Omnicom companies have a long history of helping their communities and charitable causes with pro bono communications support, direct contributions and employee volunteerism. We believe that our employees the world over can

Letter from the President
greatly assist worthy social causes by helping to raise awareness, recruit members and volunteers and increase support among influential audiences. In just one example of thousands of volunteer efforts around the world, attendees at our 2007 North American Financial Leadership Conference worked with Kaboom! to build a badly needed playground for the 600 children attending the Laurel elementary school in New Orleans; more than half of these children have been living in temporary housing since the devastation of Hurricane Katrina. Omnicom also donated funds to the school for the purchase of lockers and uniforms, and to support other school programs.
Investing in our people
Whether measured by creative excellence, management skills or financial acumen, our employees across the Omnicom family of agencies have a deep wealth of collective business experience. For many years, Omnicom has been an industry leader in formalizing and disseminating this knowledge through a variety of advanced education programs. And while the investment has been substantial since we began these initiatives in 1995, it is one that generates tremendous long-term value for Omnicom, not just in more efficient, innovative operations, but also in our ability to motivate and retain the creative, entrepreneurial leaders who are the lifeblood of our business.
During 2007 we extended the reach of these programs to Asia, a region of great strategic importance to many of our clients and agencies. Omnicom University, for example, offers three courses — the Senior Management Program (SMP), Postgraduate SMP Program and the Advanced Management Program — that are attended by hundreds of our senior managers and future leaders annually. In 2007 we added an Advanced Management Program in China to those we hold each year in the United States and Europe.
Last year marked the fifth year of the Omnicom MBA Residency Program, our innovative, 24-month program during which graduates of top business schools rotate through six different marketing

Letter from the President
disciplines, guided by senior management mentors at our agencies and Omnicom. We have increased the number of participants in this very successful program and created a similar opportunity in China. And as part of our continuing support of the development of young talent there, in early 2007 we presented the first annual prizes in the Omnicom MBA Scholarship Awards competition for outstanding students enrolled in MBA programs in China.
One important resource that Omnicom brings to its agencies is tools that help managers run their businesses efficiently. Our Financial Leadership Conferences, which bring together our accumulated expertise on key business management issues such as accounting, taxation, real estate, financial systems and business planning, have enjoyed rapid growth in participation in recent years in Asia, Europe and the United States.
Looking ahead
At this writing, there is no clear consensus about the direction of the U.S. economy or the longer-term impact of credit defaults on global capital markets. Here is what we do know: Omnicom began 2008 in a very strong position, with well-balanced, flexible cost structures, a great mix of business, and outstanding teams across all of our agencies. Economic challenges may impact some of the very broad base of clients and industries Omnicom agencies serve. But we believe that our portfolio of businesses, which is well-diversified by discipline and geography, positions Omnicom very well to weather almost any economic turbulence that may develop. That was certainly the case during the last recession, when we continued to build revenues and profits despite a broadly based downturn.
Our intention, then, is to remain focused on delivering consistent, long-term results for shareholders in whatever economic environment we find ourselves. Through a combination of internal development and acquisition, we will continue to build our business capabilities both by discipline and geography around the needs of our clients, who are the smartest and most-demanding marketers in the world. As always, our discipline demands that we seek appropriateness in strategy, fit and price.

Letter from the President
In 2008, as it was in 2007 and every other year before, Omnicom’s business is really about people, product and profit. It is about attracting and developing the very best creative and operational talent, who in turn deliver outstanding results for clients and shareholders. In meeting our goals for excellence in each of these fundamental aspects of our business, we are fortunate to have the industry’s very best men and women working for our agencies, our clients and our shareholders. They are the drivers of Omnicom’s performance in all the ways that really count.
Sincerely,
John D. Wren
President & Chief Executive Officer
April 2008
 