Dear Fellow Shareholders

In last year's letter, I told you that we had laid a solid foundation in 2005 for a "new" OM Group ­ but that our efforts would be futile if we did not begin to deliver more sustainable growth in volumes and margins and from new products and market diversification.

This year, I am pleased to report that we began to deliver this growth. More important to our long-term success, however, are the concrete steps we took in 2006 to reposition the company through portfolio optimization, further balance sheet enhancements, broad-based operational excellence initiatives and a clear mandate to move rapidly toward the market-facing specialty chemicals/advanced materials business model that we have embraced.  While we enter 2007 in the midst of a substantive transformation, this company's direction has never been clearer. Our path forward will take us back to our roots as an industry leader, recognized for our market proximity, customer relationships and innovation capabilities. Our work is far from complete, but the momentum behind our pace of change is accelerating.
D e l i v e ring R e su lt s

officer, I have stressed that OMG must mitigate its vulnerability to external forces ­ principally, to volatile metals pricing ­ to ensure more predictable, stable financial results. I am proud to say that we took aggressive action on this front in 2006.  On March 1, 2007, we closed the deal we announced late last year to sell our nickel business to OJSC MMC Norilsk Nickel, Russia's largest mining and metallurgical company, for $408 million in cash on a cash-free, debt-free basis, plus a working capital adjustment to be finalized in the second quarter of this year. In addition to lessening the impact of commodity metal prices on our bottom line, this transaction provides us the financial flexibility to:
> > Execute our growth plan, including accretive acqui-

In 2006, OMG produced very strong financial results, including significant year-over-year gains in sales, net income and earnings per share. Among the factors contributing to this improvement were rising cobalt prices, higher byproduct sales and a favorable shift in product mix. Equally satisfying was the healthy cash flow from operations that we achieved. At year end, our cash balance stood at $282.3 million.  While we are pleased with our financial performance, we are even prouder of what we accomplished from an organizational standpoint.
P osi t ioning for t h e Fu t ur e

sitions of niche businesses or product lines that move us further downstream toward customers > > Strengthen our balance sheet to support this future growth > > Invest in growing our remaining businesses, specifically in developing innovative specialty products and applications, a core competency of OMG Simultaneous with the nickel business divestiture, we entered into five-year supply agreements that cost effectively diversify and shorten our supply chain and secure a consistent source of cobalt and nickel-based raw materials for our Specialties businesses.  Our focus has shifted to these higher value-added businesses, where we demonstrate our capability not only to convert raw materials into specialty products but,
on e

Since the day I became this company's chief executive

more importantly, to deliver these products precisely where our customers' products and processes require in order to meet their most exacting standards. Our business units comprise:
> > Advanced Organics, which offers products for the

tire, coatings and inks, additives and chemical markets. Here, we are aligning our cost structure and manufacturing capabilities and accelerating new product development, with a focus on high-value niche applications. We believe commercialization of new products in the pipeline could add significantly to our revenues by 2008. > > Inorganics, which serves the battery, powder metallurgy, ceramics and chemical markets. The heart of this business is the rechargeable battery industry, for which cobalt-based materials are a major component. OMG is the recognized industry leader. We have seen increasing volume due to strong demand in this market, where in 2006 we reached important milestones in commercializing new products for rechargeable battery applications. > > Electronic Chemicals, which develops and delivers products for the electronic packaging, memory disk, general metal finishing and printed circuit board finishing markets. Here, too, volume is growing fast, with rapid growth in electronics driven by innovation and new technology/applications. We are leveraging our industry-leading memory disk technology into additional applications for the electronics that have become integral to people's daily lives. From these technology-based platforms, we are shaping the new OMG, well positioned to grow in dynamic
t wo

markets where we are moving up the value chain, getting closer to our customers and gaining a clear understanding of their unmet needs, which drive value. Developing and commercializing next-generation technologies to address these needs ­ for affordable energy, portable power, clean air and clean water ­ we are delivering solutions with tangible social benefits.
I mposing F inancia l D iscipl in e

The relentless focus we have brought to operational excellence and financial discipline is bearing fruit, as shown by our strong cash flow from operations. We used our cash, in part, to retire our expensive, high-yield debt. On March 7, 2007, we redeemed all the outstanding $400 million aggregate principal amount of our 9¼ percent Senior Subordinated Notes due in 2011. By reducing the burden of debt service, we have further fortified our balance sheet and freed up cash to enable us to deliver on our growth promises. We intend to grow OMG both organically and through strategic acquisition.  Now that we have realigned our market-facing businesses, we are committed to investing in new product development to achieve organic growth. In each business, we have closely linked our technical resources with our target markets. We are fortunate to have people with the knowledge, expertise and imagination to envision innovative new ways to fulfill customer needs ­ and then, to translate that vision into a commercially viable solution.  To spur growth through acquisition, we are in the midst of a thorough evaluation of businesses and product lines that meet explicit criteria. We expect serious acquisition candidates to show upside potential in new, sustainable-growth market segments with predictable financial performance. In addition, they must leverage

Joseph M. Scaminace Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

OMG's core competencies, with a niche technology orientation and strong customer focus. We also expect them to bring new capabilities that will extend our product lines into new markets.  These hallmarks helped ensure the success of the 2006 Plaschem acquisition. We have integrated Plaschem within our Electronic Chemicals business, and it has bolstered our reach in the Asia-Pacific region.
Ho l ding O urs e lv e s Accoun tab l e

Pacing C h ang e

We continue to remake and add to our Board of Directors, with an emphasis on independence, integrity and value creation. This past January, we welcomed to the board David L. Pugh, chairman and CEO of Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. David's management experience in driving operational excellence, strategic transformation and quality financial performance is relevant to every initiative we have undertaken to strengthen OMG, and we look forward to his contributions.  We added another objective viewpoint in February, when Gordon A. Ulsh joined the board. Gordon, who is president, CEO and a director of Exide Technologies, brings valuable insights from his experience leading both public and private companies. One of six independent directors on a board that now numbers seven members, he is the fourth addition since I began my tenure as CEO in 2005.  Our revitalized board and management team have the vision and leadership to recognize growth opportunities, faithfully execute our strategy and observe the highest standards of ethical conduct at all times. In this spirit, we pledge clear, transparent communications with all of our stakeholders ­ notably with you, our shareholders, and with the financial community ­ to enhance understanding of OMG and how it is evolving.

I think you can see why "Pacing Change" is so important to us, and why we chose to focus on its broad ramifications in our 2006 annual report. Internally, we are pacing change by taking aggressive action to move this company up the value chain and reposition it, with resulting improvements in margins, profitability and predictability. Externally, we are helping our customers pace change around the world by providing the vital chemistries they need to tackle some of humankind's most pressing needs.  Much of what we are doing is new, but everything we are doing plays to our historic strength in linking our process technologies, application know-how and our surface chemistry expertise to efficiently convert raw materials into finished products. Confident that we are on the right path, we intend to out-service our customers and out-innovate our competitors, with the ultimate goal of creating meaningful shareholder value.  We believe we are at a defining moment in OMG's history, and we are inspired by the opportunities that lie before us. Your loyalty and our resolve are the real catalysts for progressive change and a future of sustainable, rewarding returns. On behalf of all of us at OM Group, I thank you for your continuing support. Sincerely,

Joseph M. Scaminace Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2007
th r e e

