Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2007 was a year of change for OM Group as we made noticeable strides in the transformation we began when I joined this company in 2005. In the past 12 months, we reshaped our business portfolio through the sale of our nickel business and the completion of two acquisitions, which I will discuss later in this letter. These milestones followed such actions as the expansion of our Board of Directors, retirement of our high-yield debt and implementation of broad-based operational excellence initiatives. I am pleased with the pace we have established in pursuit of our strategy. We have created significant momentum for the company in the near term and exciting opportunities over the longer term. While we continue to move rapidly, with a balance of prudence and urgency, we are under no illusions: We have just begun to see the fruits of our labor. Nevertheless, I remain confident that the changes we have made, and those to come, will speed our ability to transform OMG. 2007 Financial Highlights By almost any measure, OM Group delivered record results in 2007. Sales reached $1.02 billion, a 55 percent increase over the prior year. Operating profit of $196 million was more than double the 2006 figure. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations improved to $3.68, a nearly fivefold increase yearover-year. While we benefited from increased product selling prices across all product line groupings, reflecting in part higher average cobalt metal prices, there is much more to this story. Our greatly improved results signal that we are moving forward in the hard work of transforming our portfolio and favorably positioning OMG for the future.

1

The first major step toward that end came with the March 2007 sale of our nickel business to OJSC MMC Norilsk Nickel. In one stroke, we reduced our exposure to metal price volatility, gained the financial flexibility to support growth, and secured supply agreements that diversify our sourcing of cobalt- and nickel-based raw materials for our higher-value Specialties businesses. In strengthening these businesses, we are performing against an imperative to further develop the broad growth platforms outlined in our long-range growth strategy, which we have detailed in this report.
Joseph M. Scaminace Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

CHARTING A PROMISING FUTURE Last June, we laid out the details of a longrange growth strategy that affirms our commitment to product innovation, a core competency of OMG, as well as tactical and strategic acquisitions. Guided by this strategy, we seek to: · Leverage our existing competencies in value-added offerings such as particle size control, surface modification and high-purity, functional organic and inorganic materials; · Broaden our market reach and customer base into logical market adjacencies; · Expand our product portfolio and technology base through the creation of new, marketleading growth platforms such as portable power, electronic chemicals/surface treatments, and catalysts and advanced materials. Following this strategy to transform our business model, we will employ financial discipline to ensure we are truly adding shareholder value. Our goal for acquisitions is to provide sustainable EBITDA in the range of 20 percent of sales. We look to realize return on investment of 12 to 15 percent, even higher for bolt-on acquisitions. Return on equity, our measure of shareholder value creation, is targeted to be 15 to 20 percent or greater. Finally, we expect our acquisitions to be accretive to earnings and a source of positive cash flow in the first year. Pursuing this plan, we expect to achieve consolidated revenues of $2.0 billion to $4.0 billion by 2010, and to rank in the top quartile of specialty chemical and specialty material companies in terms of EBITDA margins and other financial metrics.

Aggressive Growth Through Strategic Investment Our portfolio transformation began in earnest in the second half of 2007, when we made two acquisitions that typify the direction in which OMG is headed: forward in the value chain. The more strategically significant transaction brought us the electronics businesses of Rockwood Specialties Group, Inc. This platform-building acquisition will nearly triple the revenue from our core Electronic Chemicals business, which we view as integral to our success going forward. In a separate deal, we acquired Borchers GmbH, a leading European-based specialty coatings and additive supplier. Borchers brings us water-based paint additive technology, which extends our core coatings business into an important end market, and broadens our geographic reach with meaningful growth opportunities. These two deals are exciting in terms of both valuation and value creation. They create a better balance in our business portfolio between our specialty chemicals and advanced materials businesses, providing a platform for organic growth at above-market rates and a foundation for a much brighter future. Similarly, we took an important step to accelerate our penetration of target markets by expanding the mutually productive partnership we established more than two years ago with QuantumSphere, Inc. QSI is a leading manufacturer of high-quality nano metals and alloys for applications in renewable energy, electronics, aerospace, defense and other markets that require advanced materials. Among other benefits, this alliance positions us to work together to co-develop new, proprietary applications for clean energy and portable power, two of the sectors we are targeting in our growth platform. Additionally, it provides us the opportunity to leverage one of OMG's core competencies around particle size control, which is critical to capitalizing on new technologies, including new applications for rechargeable batteries.

Efficiencies Drive Strong Performance 2007 also was notable from an operations standpoint as we continued our focus on financial discipline. I am pleased to say that we have embraced operational excellence, the key to leveraging revenue gains into strong bottom-line results and maintaining the financial flexibility to deliver on our ambitious promises. We are holding people accountable for operational excellence metrics such as safety, productivity, quality, on-time service, inventory management and lead time reduction. For example, our joint venture smelter in the Democratic Republic of Congo increased production by 11 percent last year, driven by a continual focus on process optimization ­ and this performance followed a record production level in 2006. Although we have made substantive gains in these critical areas, we will never declare ourselves satisfied. We understand that continuous improvement is exactly that: a neverending process that challenges us to strive for better results tomorrow, no matter how well we are performing today. We Know Where We Are Going Nearly three years have passed since we resolved to fundamentally change OMG. At the start, we established a track record for backing our words with definitive action. Later, with the sale of our nickel business, we proved we were serious about attaining our objectives. This past year, we framed the future in concrete terms, stating that we intend to be a $2.0 billion to $4.0 billion company by 2010. How we will get there is no mystery; we will continue the drive we began in 2007, methodically executing a sound growth strategy. We will keep doing what we said we would do. We are confident that we can reach our goals, largely because of the caliber of the people of OM Group. Our board comprises proven business leaders who have led turnarounds, and who exhibit the independent thinking that represents shareholder interests well. Our dedicated employees are invested in OMG's future in more than a financial sense. They understand and support our strategic direction. Together, we have come a long way. This is not the same company I came to in 2005 and, by 2010, OMG should look very different from today. We are moving forward with assurance and a sense of this company's potential. We know where we are going, we know how to get there and we are doing exactly what we said we would do. Sincerely,

Joseph M. Scaminace Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2008

3

