Dear Fellow Shareholders
Thanks to the strength of our business and the soundness of our growth strategy, we were able to deliver solid financial and operational performance in 2008 despite the chaos that engulfed markets around the world. We successfully integrated acquisitions in our coatings and electronic chemicals businesses, met critical objectives for operational excellence and safety performance, and ended the year with a healthy level of cash on the balance sheet and essentially no debt. 2008 Results In 2008, sales reached $1.7 billion, a 70 percent increase over the prior year. This top-line growth was directly attributable to higher product selling prices, acquisitions, increased cobalt metal resale revenue and volume growth. In addition, cash flow improved significantly, and we ended the year with a cash balance of $245 million. In 2008, we began to realize the enabling potential of our successful acquisition of Rockwood Holdings' electronics businesses. During the year, we were able to optimize our electronic chemicals business and expand into the global printed circuit board and semiconductor markets. In addition, we have fully integrated Borchers into the coatings business of our Specialty Chemicals segment.

Joseph M. Scaminace Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

These are examples of the type of transformational and tactical acquisitions that we continue to pursue. I am also pleased to report that in 2008 we achieved significant improvements in safety performance. Our incidence rate of lost-time accidents fell 74 percent, with many of our operating locations achieving no lost-time accidents. Such success is the result of our strong focus on safety awareness, accident prevention and injury management, and reflects significant progress toward implementing a sustainable safety culture.
one

Make no mistake, 2008 came with formidable challenges unlike any we have seen in recent memory. Like most chemical companies, we endured severe deterioration in end market demand in the fourth quarter. In addition, starting in the second quarter, we experienced a precipitous decline in cobalt prices ­ which fell as much as 80 percent from their all-time high in early 2008. These two macroeconomic factors led to an operating loss in the fourth quarter. To mitigate the impact of these new realities, we are moving aggressively to reduce discretionary spending and conserve the company's financial resources. We are confident that these moves, along with our financial flexibility, will position us to weather the near-term uncertainties and continue to transform and profitably grow our business for long-term success. Perspective on 2009 In our new fiscal year, we continue to experience very challenging business conditions characterized by weak end market demand that will likely limit our near-term results. In response to this environment, we are managing our business accordingly by reducing spending across the organization and reprioritizing our capital plans to focus on only the most critical projects that offer the highest returns in the near term. We entered fiscal 2009 with excellent financial flexibility, including strong cash flow, little debt and ample liquidity, and we intend to leverage that position through the economic slowdown.

At the same time, we remain steadfastly focused on successfully executing our strategy, including continued product innovation as well as tactical and strategic acquisitions. Our recent acquisitions have performed very well, and our geographic and end market diversity has become even more vital in these difficult times. Despite the extremely challenging environment, we remain committed to transforming this company and realizing the benefits of our strategy. The people of OM Group ­ our experienced management team, dedicated employees and insightful board members ­ are reacting well to the rapid changes that are affecting us in the context of the world economy, and give me the confidence that we can continue to profitably transform our organization now and as the economy improves. To help you see what I see every day at OM Group, I invite you to look "Inside OMG" on the following pages in which we address many of the questions our stakeholders have asked us during the year. On behalf of our Board of Directors and the men and women around the world who make OMG the company it is today, I thank you for your continued support.

Sincerely,

Joseph M. Scaminace Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 31, 2009

two

