Dear Fellow Shareholders
It starts here” captures the many ways that OM Group today is different than it
was five years ago, three years ago, even just a year ago. And the progress we
have made portends a very exciting future. We have elevated our position as a
diversified technology company offering attractive growth potential, and strong,
more predictable and sustainable financial performance to create shareholder value.
From the day we began to develop and implement our long-term, transformational growth strategy, we
envisioned the type of company we wanted to become. We needed to build scale. We needed to foster a
culture of product innovation. We needed to get closer to the customer. Just as important, we knew how to
get there. Through acquisitions and organic growth. By competing in global markets with innovative products
and technologies – and by focusing on areas where OM Group’s unique capabilities would be highly valued.
By staying focused on the vision and executing on this plan, we are now a larger company with a more
diversified product portfolio aligned with several attractive market sectors. We have moved decidedly closer
to the customer in our end markets, where we are being rewarded for technology and innovation. We
have more control over our own destiny than we have ever had, and we are capitalizing on our strengths
and strategy.
It starts now
We are now providing the materials, systems and technologies that help power fast-growing, global market
sectors such as mobile energy storage, electronic devices, automotive systems and renewable energy. These
sectors provide multiple touch points for us, and all four of our business segments are active
and growing in one or more of these markets. Furthermore, within each of these, we are closely aligned with attractive
growth trends, which should allow us to expand our business faster than the underlying market. These
trends include:
Need for energy storage in mobile, automotive and industrial applications
Rapid development and evolution of consumer electronics
Growth in various renewable energy sources
Continued advancement and electrification of automotive systems
A closer look at our end-market positions reveals the wide variety of applications that we are now
addressing. In mobile energy storage, for example, we are providing battery precursors for rechargeable
batteries in laptops, smartphones, tablet computers and portable power tools. Our electronic
chemicals are used for plating and treating surfaces of components for handheld consumer electronics,
telecommunications equipment, and computer hardware and peripherals.
In addition, we are now involved in many aspects of renewable energy, which requires our high-
performance materials and technologies to support solar, wind, hydropower, alternative fuel and energy
storage, along with grid management. In automotive systems,
we are able to address three critical areas: improved fuel
economy, reduced emissions and the electrification of the
automobile – electrical solutions for auxiliary equipment
and main drive trains. We are also growing our footprint in
the construction and mining industries, with materials and chemicals used in coatings, tiles, insulation
and electrical distribution. In aerospace and defense, our battery systems provide mission-critical power
sources for commercial and military aircraft, communication satellites, defense equipment, and portable
applications.
The variety of dynamic end markets and the diversity of our product lines allow OM Group to
partner with industry-leading companies at multiple levels. This diversification allows us to create logical
product line extensions, such as applying our miniaturized electronics expertise to the manufacturing of
photovoltaic cells. For investors, we provide exposure to these exciting markets through an established,
diversified organization.
It was a very productive year
We delivered on our transformation objectives by creating the Magnetic Technologies segment out of our
acquisition of Vacuumschmelze (VAC) of Germany. This new growth platform, based upon high-quality
alloys with advanced magnetic properties, expands our end market focus and opens the door to many of the
opportunities described in this letter.
Our strategic actions had an immediate impact on our 2011 performance. Our financial results were
highlighted by year-over-year revenue growth of 27 percent and an increase of 34 percent in adjusted EPS.
This growth was driven primarily by our mid-year acquisition of VAC. On a pro forma basis, if we had owned
VAC for the full year, consolidated revenue would have been $1.9 billion VAC was immediately accretive to
earnings, and the new segment’s financial performance has exceeded our early expectations.
We believe the Magnetic Technologies segment improves the profitability profile of our entire
organization because of its innovative products, customer
relationships and market positions. The acquisition of VAC brought
with it more than 700 patents and clear technology leadership.
This provides us with the ability to develop new products targeted
directly at global growth trends, and fortify the technical market
leadership position of our organization.
At the end of 2011, we secured a critical technology to address new performance criteria by acquiring
Rahu Catalytics, a developer of specialty additives for coatings and composite applications. This acquisition
adds to our product development pipeline by providing us with the technology behind our new cobalt
replacement additives, under the Borchi® OXY-Coat product family name. This is a key component for the
long-term success of our Specialty Chemicals segment, providing us with a clear path for growth and margin
improvement while offering our customers environmentally friendly solutions.
Fiscal 2011 marked the sixth consecutive year in which we were able to generate positive cash flow
from operations. Our ability to generate cash has been a consistent strength of our business model and has
afforded us the opportunity to fund our growth strategy.
I am pleased to note that, even while funding the VAC and Rahu acquisitions, we have been able to
preserve a strong and flexible balance sheet. We continue to operate with solid credit metrics, 
and have sufficient liquidity to meet anticipated operating needs and fund our growth initiatives. We remain
committed to delivering returns that exceed our cost of capital and enhancing shareholder value through
the effective deployment of cash. We have also continued to build and strengthen the enterprise overall –
with the hiring of our new chief financial officer, Christopher Hix, and adding two new independent directors,
Patrick Mullin and Hans-Georg Betz, to our Board.
Just getting started
We are confident that “It starts here” and we are building toward a very bright future. Looking at 2012,
we expect top-line growth to be driven by the VAC acquisition as well as organic growth across many of
our end markets. We are committed to growing the business profitably by maintaining our financial and
operational discipline.
Building on our 2011 results and ongoing momentum, we remain committed to:
Leveraging our exposure in fast-growing, diverse end markets.
To consistently capitalize on our
alignment with attractive growth trends, we must continue to demonstrate that we are a compelling
business partner for the technology leaders in our end markets. We now have exciting new technologies
to take to market in areas such as current sensors, advanced magnet assemblies, alternative energy
storage products, advanced additives for coatings and medical batteries, to name a few.
Asserting our global presence.
With approximately 7,100 employees, manufacturing facilities in
North America, Europe, Asia and Africa, and regional sales offices throughout the world, we are well
positioned to cultivate and serve new and existing customer relationships in rapidly emerging
regions. We conduct our business in a responsible manner, with respect and care for people and
the environment.
Investing in our growth platforms and expanding our market share.
We are focused on tapping into
the potential that exists for organic growth through new product development and collaboration among
our business segments. We expect capital expenditures to increase to $80 million to $100 million in 2012,
with 75 percent of the total focused on new product development and capacity expansion. In addition,
we will continue to pursue bolt-on acquisitions that complement our existing business and/or enhance
our market reach.
Ensuring fiscal discipline.
We have worked very hard to protect our balance sheet and create the
financial capacity and capability to generate sustainable value for shareholders.
Continuous execution of our strategy has enabled us to move closer to end users, broaden into adjacent
markets and create new growth platforms. It definitely starts here, and we thank you – our investors,
employees, customers, partners and other stakeholders – for your continued support of OM Group.
Sincerely,
Joseph Scaminace
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer