Dear Shareholders,Teammates,Customers, Suppliers and Friends,
When I was growing up, my father would take my brother and me down to our old four-story down- town warehouse after church on Sunday. Owens & Minor was a wholesale drug company with a cou- ple of million dollars in sales but growing every year. This old ware- house was outfitted with a fairly elaborate system of conveyor belts and skate wheel rollers to move product down the aisles and between floors. My brother and I would get on the conveyor belt in a cardboard tote box, and with a
Owens & Minor moved forward again in 2002 with splendid acceler- ation in all parts of our business. I have much to celebrate with you in this report, not only about our results in 2002 but also our new strategic direction.
The Numbers Speak
Please note that all of the pertinent numbers exclude unusual items and goodwill amortization de- scribed in the financial section of this annual report. In 2002, we met or exceeded most of our internal goals, and strengthened our
to 4.8% in 2002. We generated $46 million in free cash flow in 2002, which allowed us to decrease outstanding financing by $33 million. As in the past, strong asset management helped carry the day. During the fourth quarter we announced a plan to repurchase up to $50 million of a combination of our common stock and our trust preferred convertible securities. That initiative is well underway.
Productivity improvements
continue to help our profitability.
Sales per full time equivalent (FTE)
increased 5.6%, extending a very
   “Our people, who care deeply about our company, will never give up in their quest to satisfy our customers and shareholders alike.”
 push of a button, ride the conveyor belt. One day I asked my father to push the button to reverse the belt so we wouldn’t have to walk all the way back. I’ll never forget his answer. He said that this belt always moves forward just like our company. The impact of that simple statement set the tone for the rest of my life.
balance sheet while improving productivity. Sales for the year were up 4% to $3.96 billion. We sagged a little in mid-year, but ended with the strongest sales quarter in company history. Earnings per diluted share for the year were $1.30, or 11% above 2001. Income was $48.7 mil- lion, up 14% from last year. Gross margin remained at an acceptable level of 10.6%, down slightly from 10.7% in 2001. Selling, general and administrative expenses im- proved to 7.7% of sales, down from 7.8% last year. Asset management continued to improve with strong performances in managing receiv- ables and inventory. Return on total assets improved from 4.3% in 2001
positive year over year trend. Our gross margin per FTE continued to improve, by 4%, also extending this positive trend. Looking back at 1999, our sales were $3.2 billion and our FTE’s were 2,644. Since then, sales have grown 24% while our FTE count has only grown 3%. By using technology to help grow our business and operate it more effi- ciently, we have seen very little increase in our workforce, thus improving our profitability and without sacrificing our service one iota.
Our share price fell 11.2% in 2002, less than the popular indices, but certainly not acceptable to me. The value of our company contin- ues to strengthen and we must do a better job of communicating that.
2 OWENS & MINOR 2002 ANNUAL REPORT

We increased our dividend in 2002 by 13.8%, and have continuously paid a dividend since the 1920s.
Highlights for 2002
We signed a comprehensive seven- year technology services agreement with Perot Systems Corporation, putting all of our information tech- nology outsourcing under one roof. This seven-year agreement holds enormous benefit for us, especially the approximately $30 million in savings it will generate over the life of the contract. We will reinvest the majority of these savings to improve our value to customers and suppliers.
We were honored to receive the
2002 VHA Ser vice Excellence Award. This award, voted on by VHA members, salutes our out- standing performance in quality and customer service to the VHA membership. This is a tribute to every one of our teammates across the country.
In 2002, InformationWeek ranked Owens & Minor as the #1 most innovative technology company in healthcare for the third year in a row. Overall, Owens & Minor was ranked #11 out of 500 American companies for the use of innovative technology.
In an independent survey of the healthcare industry, Owens & Minor was again ranked as the #1 customer ser vice provider. Our own customer satisfaction surveys, conducted by an independent
research firm, found that overall customer satisfaction improved from 96% to 97%. It’s going to be hard to get much better than this, but we are sure going to try.
We introduced Owens & Minor University (OMU) to our teammates in November and have
In my opinion, any company worth its salt must reinvent itself every three to five years. For exam- ple, let’s take the last 20-plus years for us. In 1981, Owens & Minor acquired part of the Will Ross Com- pany, which put us on the map as a Sunbelt distribution company. In
   “We are always there when our customers need us. That dependability has been a hallmark of our company for a long, long time.”
 a full rollout of educational pro- grams and learning experiences ready for introduction in the first quarter of 2003.
Our corporate credit and bank loan ratings have been upgraded by Standard & Poors to BB+ from BB, as a result of our improving financial strength.
We introduced a private label program under the name of Medi- ChoiceTM. Sales of these products exceeded our internal expectations for the first year. We expect this initiative to grow in the future.
And finally, we introduced three strategic initiatives that will drive our company forward over the next three to five years.
Strategic Direction
“Extra, extra, read all about it,” cried the newspaper barker as he stood at the intersection of Good and Great Streets, “Owens & Minor introduces new strategic direc- tions.” Sounds a little corny to express excitement this way, but I feel excited about our new direction for the future.
1985 we were awarded the VHA supply company contract for our coverage area, which grew our busi- ness tremendously, and is still growing it today. In 1989 we acquired National Healthcare on the West Coast and became a national company. In 1994 we acquired Stuart Medical, which just about doubled the size of our com- pany. In 1998 we introduced the first wave of our leading edge technology such as WISDOMSM, CostTrackSM, and OMDirectSM, our Internet-based ordering and com- munications platform. And in 2002, we developed and launched new strategic initiatives.
So, you see...a willingness to change, listening to our customers and being quick on our feet has served us well.
We spent the better part of the last twelve months listening to our customers. As a result, we developed new strategic initiatives
  OWENS & MINOR 2002 ANNUAL REPORT 3

 “The opportunities are there, we have the right team on the field, and we have the right strategy to follow for success.”
 that will successfully carry us to the next level. These three initiatives are progressing very well. A more detailed description of these initia- tives follows in this annual report, but here they are in a nutshell.
First, our core business objec- tive is to do a better job at the things we do so well today. We have estab- lished Owens & Minor University (OMU) to better educate and develop our teammates. And, we have launched improvements to our operations nationwide that will ensure consistent service from coast-to-coast.
The second strategic initiative is OMSolutionsSM. This new unit brings together teammates from across the country who have been consulting on logistics and supply chain matters, as well as outsourc- ing, so that we can create a formal business to help provide solutions for our customers. We have also developed programs to provide sup- port to clinical areas of the hospital.
And third, we are developing a third party logistics model (3PL) to provide manufacturers and health- care providers a creative alternative to getting products to the patient more efficiently and at less cost.
We will update you regularly in 2003 on our progress in these three strategic areas.
Changing of the Guard
Recently, two long-term Owens & Minor teammates announced their retirement. Drew St. J. Carneal, senior vice president, general counsel and corporate secretar y,
relinquished the role of general counsel in mid-February 2003, and will retain the role of senior vice president, corporate secretary until his retirement later this year. Drew, who joined the company in 1988, has been the Rock of Gibraltar for our teammates and me personally. He has the highest respect and admiration possible from us all.
Also, Hue Thomas, III, vice president, corporate relations, has announced his retirement. He will move back to his native state of Georgia in the spring. Since joining the company in 1970, Hue tackled just about every job in the company. He served in a field capacity in Georgia before moving to Rich- mond in 1984 to work primarily with our supplier partners. At every step along the way, Hue has distinguished himself by his loyalty to the company, our customers and his teammates.
Also, Josiah Bunting, III, who recently announced his retirement as superintendent of the Virginia Military Institute, is not standing for re-election to our board of directors. He is finishing his second three-year term on our board and has provided us with wise counsel and great leadership during these years. Thank you, Si!
And, Grace R. den Hartog joined our team as senior vice president, general counsel, in mid-February 2003. Grace, formerly a partner with McGuireWoods LLP, has concentrated in the manage-
ment of national products liability defense litigation for the last 18 years. She has been recognized as one of the top 50 women in her field in the country. She brings to us her good judgment, sharp mind, a tremendous work ethic, high integrity, and a passion for doing what’s right. Welcome, Grace!
Corporate Governance and Responsibility
As the Chief Executive Officer, I am responsible for the integrity and credibility of our company. I gladly accept that responsibility and share it with our board of directors. In 1996, we established a Governance and Nominating Committee of the board to address collaboratively and proactively many of the issues defined now by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the New York Stock Exchange. We did this not only because it was the right decision for our shareholders, teammates and the investment community, but also because it was a natural outgrowth of our company’s long history of integrity and credi- bility. The committee operates independently from management and works closely with our indepen- dent compensation and benefits committee and our independent audit committee. We accept and support the guidelines for strength- ening corporate governance as a
    4 OWENS & MINOR 2002 ANNUAL REPORT

means of restoring confidence in corporate America. Please refer to Annex A of our proxy for our state- ment of Corporate Governance Guidelines, or refer to our company web site, www.owens-minor.com and click on Investor Relations and then Corporate Governance.
In 2002, like all public compa- nies, we re-examined our processes for ensuring that we are making complete and timely disclosure to investors. Our fundamental processes were and continue to be sound. Jeff Kaczka, our senior vice president and chief financial officer, and I have signed the certifications required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and you can find these certifications at the end of this report.
In Conclusion
I want to pay a final tribute to two teammates who passed away this past year. Bob Ricord was a sales representative par excellence in Shreveport, Louisiana, for 28 years. David Hutchison was a buyer and manager in Knoxville, Tennessee, for 35 years. I have had the distinct pleasure of working side by side with these two guys through the years, and I loved them for their spirit, their loyalty, their integrity, their compassion and their success. The highest compliment I can ever pay them is that they cared more about their customers and team- mates than themselves. Bob and Hutch will be sorely missed.
We must always remember that every day offers us a new opportunity to excel. We have the technology tools, the service, the relationships, the trust of our customers and suppliers, but most importantly, we
have the heart of a lion. Our people, who care deeply about our company, will never give up in their quest to satisfy our customers and shareholders alike. As we look ahead, the foundation for our new strategic initiatives will be based on other important characteristics as well. For example, we show up every day, rain or shine, and plug away at being the very best distribution company in our sector, maybe in all of healthcare. We are always there when our customers need us. That dependability has been a hallmark of our company for a long, long time. The blocking and tackling philosophy of taking care of busi- ness is not fancy, but it works for us and we keep on growing the value of our company. And, we grow with the highest integrity as a guiding
Craig R. Smith
President and Chief Operating Officer
principle. That’s worth its weight in gold. Now, you see why I’m so excited. The opportunities are there, we have the right team on the field, and we have the right strategy to follow for success.
I’m grateful to our shareholders for their patience in a very tough market environment; grateful to our suppliers for collaborating with us in a team approach; and grateful to our customers who give us a chance every day to earn their business; and I’m grateful to my teammates, who show up every day with the heart of a lion.
Warm regards,
G. Gilmer Minor, III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
        