  To Our Shareholders
 Dear Shareholders,Teammates, and Friends:
As we look back on 2011 and turn the corner into 2012, all of us at Owens & Minor understand that we are stewards of a company that is now 130 years old. But, we also know that we are stewards of a company that plays a leading role in our sector of healthcare. How have we managed to develop and maintain this leadership position? As we say on the cover of this year’s annual report,“we keep our eye on what’s next, but never lose sight of what matters.” And, “what matters” to Owens & Minor is our customers, teammates, communities, and shareholders. For the past 130 years, we have served these constituents to the best of our ability as we have grown our business from a local storefront to a national presence. While we look back on generations of progress with pride, we also purposely “keep our eye on what’s next” so that we anticipate the evolving needs of the healthcare supply chain and continue to create value for our shareholders.
We had strong 6.2% revenue growth in 2011, but conditions in the healthcare industry remained challenging, as lower utilization of health- care services trends continued.Analysis reveals that our revenue growth resulted primarily from relationships with our long-standing customers. We are fortunate that our customers, who rank among the best-known hospitals in the United States, are adept at growing market share and developing ancillary services, such as physicians’ practices, to complement their acute-care offerings.As these large integrated healthcare networks (IHNs) grow in complexity, they seek strategies and partners that can deliver optimal supply chain performance.These customers are a good match for Owens & Minor because they know we offer the advanced supply chain solutions and the nationwide infrastructure necessary to support an increasingly complex healthcare delivery system.
Because our customers represent the best of the nation’s healthcare providers and are critical to our success, we were pleased to earn high marks from our annual customer satisfaction survey. Overall customer satisfaction was high, with 96% of our customers indicating they were satisfied with our service. And, in a new measurement, we found that customer loyalty was strong at 71%. The independent survey firm describes this as a very high rating for a business-to-business company such as ours. However, we will not rest on our achievements. Our teammates know that customer approval is hard to earn and easy to jeopardize, so all of us at Owens & Minor strive for daily improvement. We know we must work smarter every single day to forge stronger relationships with our customers and to effectively leverage our efforts.
In serving the healthcare market for many years, we have witnessed
 “Looking ahead to 2012, we believe we are well-positioned to support our healthcare customers, both providers and suppliers, as they navigate
the course set by a changing industry. We have the teammates, the expertise, and the vision to serve the complex healthcare sector. But, as we serve this market, we will not stray from the values that have defined our company for 130 years. We will keep our eye on what’s next, but never lose sight of what matters.”
2 2011 Annual Report & Form 10-K
 
    our share of change. But recently, we have seen accelerated consolidation in the healthcare industry. Large IHNs are getting bigger, hospital acquisitions are occurring at a fast pace, and healthcare systems are forming their own groups and associations.These large systems are no longer confined to just one metropolitan area, but often have hospital facilities spanning several states, which we then serve from multiple distribution centers.Yet, even though their geographical reach is wide, their decision-making is becoming more and more centralized. As these large IHNs, which we refer to as our “enterprise customers,” gain size and scale, they are having an impact on the dynamics of the healthcare market.
The changing approach to the market by this new enterprise customer has prompted us to make some changes of our own.For example,we closed two distribution centers in the fourth quarter that did not meet our plans for the future, reorganized certain teammate functions, and realigned certain resources to better serve our customers and make more efficient use of our teammates, energy, and efforts. In a changing healthcare market, agility will be the key to sustained growth.We are committed to aligning our distribution centers, our resources, our teammates, and our leaders with the most promising opportunities in the market.
Now, let’s turn to an update of our business.
At our December Investor Day, we reviewed the four key initiatives that form the foundation for our strategic business goals: modernizing the infrastructure that supports our core business; expanding our services in selected non-acute care markets in healthcare; enhancing our strategic sourcing and product management efforts; and positioning our third-party logistics business, OM HealthCare Logistics (OM HCL), as a vital supply chain solution in healthcare. I am very pleased that during 2011, we made substantial headway on these strategic initiatives, which I believe are critical to the long-term growth and success of the company.
In support of these initiatives, we recruited a new officer-level leader for OM HCL and have added strength to the OM HCL team in the areas of operations and sales.This supplier-focused, third-party logistics service has the systems, infrastructure and vision required to serve the multi-faceted needs of healthcare manufacturers and suppliers in a global economy. During the year, we also ventured outside of the United States by establishing a joint venture for sourcing with Amsino Medical Group, a developer and manufacturer of healthcare products. At our Mira MEDsourceSM offices in Shanghai, we have a new team in place with the expertise to source products directly for our private-label brand,MediChoice®. The new team has expertise in quality assurance, sourcing, logistics and transportation.All of us at Owens & Minor are excited that we now have a presence in Asia.
Looking at our financial results for 2011, revenues grew to $8.6 billion, and gross margin was 9.94% of revenues, while selling, general and administrative expense was 7.08% of revenues. Excluding pre-tax charges of $12.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 for exit and realignment activities, our operating earnings for the year were 2.51% of revenues. Income per diluted share was $1.94, unchanged when compared to the year before, once these 2011 charges and pension settlement charges in 2010 are excluded.While our revenue
       2011 Annual Report & Form 10-K 3
 
    ACHIEVED MORE THAN
190,000
TEAMMATE COURSE COMPLETIONS SINCE ’03
AWARDED
3,925
DISTRIBUTION CENTER CERTIFICATIONS SINCE PROGRAM STARTED IN ’08
MORE THAN
99,000
HOURS OF CUSTOMER STUDENT EDUCATION DELIVERED SINCE ’06
growth was very solid in 2011, everyone on our team recognizes that we need to do a better job of translating our top line growth into improved performance on the bottom line. Our leaders and our teammates clearly understand that the job of converting revenue into profit is the underlying goal of our strategic initiatives.
Looking back at 2011, we successfully completed three sets of extremely complex customer conversions. These three projects required multi-state, multi-distribution center coordination,and although we perform customer conversions with regularity,it would be a mistake to think that these types of conversions are simple.These are complicated activities and contracts that involve the time, energy and expertise of a wide range of our teammates, and frequently require us to build inventory, or move or expand facilities, as was the case in these conversions.
No matter what changes occur in the healthcare industry and no matter what course Owens & Minor takes to navigate the changes, we know that an essential part of our mission, vision and values is creating value for our shareholders. At Owens & Minor, our board of directors, which has long supported the dividend as an essential element of total shareholder return, approved a 10% increase in the 2012 quarterly dividend to $0.22 per common share. We are also now in the second year of our $50 million share-repurchase program, which is designed to offset the shares awarded through our incentive compensation program. And, we believe that our long-term shareholders have been rewarded for their loyalty. Our 10-year cumulative total return is approximately 175%, an impressive result which far exceeds the performance of the S&P 500 Index over the same time period.
Serving our healthcare customers, driving innovation in the supply chain, and creating value for our shareholders are a daily focus for us, but we have long understood that our company is only as strong as our teammates. Because our teammates are vital to our success, we continue to invest in their well-being and in their development.We are pleased with the investments we have made in Owens & Minor University® (OMU®), since we founded the institution in 2003. In 2011 alone, teammates took more than 46,000 classes through OMU,and we awarded more than 500 specialty training course certifications to distribution center teammates.We also extend learning opportunities to our customers. More than 100 hospital-customer students participated in instructor-led training or online courses in 2011. Over the last five years, OMU has delivered nearly 99,000 hours of education to our customers, enhancing their understanding of the healthcare supply chain.
We also know that Owens & Minor is only as healthy as the communities we serve. Consequently, we invest in our communities through a variety of ways.We have a robust, company-wide culture of volunteerism. Across the nation, our teammates donate time, talent, and funds to a wide-ranging number of community service organizations. Another way we strengthen our communities is through doing business with minority-, women-, and veteran-owned businesses.Approximately one third of our private-label products come from diversity suppliers, a statistic that we take great pride in.We have an active mentor/ mentee program, designed to help diversity businesses achieve success in the healthcare market.And,each year we host a Supplier Diversity Symposium that enables these business owners to network, learn from Owens & Minor and our business partners, and find innovative ways to do business in healthcare. Finally, as we build our team for the future, we are recruiting young people from a wide variety of backgrounds, because we believe that building diversity is fundamental to the success of our business.
4 2011 Annual Report & Form 10-K
 
  As for the well being of the communities we serve, we are committed to doing business with sustainability in mind.Accordingly, we are taking steps to reduce, reuse and recycle. Our goal is to improve energy efficiency and save natural resources by implementing company- wide programs for energy management and recycling. Our sustainability efforts in 2011 were impressive; we recycled more than 4,900 tons of material, enough to save more than 80,000 trees,and a 49% increase over the prior year.We recycled nearly half a million pallets, saving another 29,000 trees, and we reduced carbon emissions by nearly 14,000 tons.While improving our sustainability ratings is important to us and to the communities we serve, it is a business imperative as well. Our customers increasingly look for sustainability programs and progress in their business partners.
During the year, we were recognized by several of our group purchasing organization partners and singled out for a variety of awards for excellence.And,we were recognized by CIO Magazine as one of the CIO 100 for 2011.This is no small achievement for a company that is entering its 130th year. We were pleased that our investments in, and strategic use of, information technology were recognized in this prestigious honor. In 2012, we will continue to enhance our information technology infrastructure with the launch of a significant multi- year transformation of our systems.
Looking ahead to 2012, we believe we are well-positioned to support our healthcare customers,both providers and suppliers,as they navigate the course set by a changing industry. We have the teammates, the expertise, and the vision to serve the complex healthcare sector. But, as we serve this market, we will not stray from the values that have defined our company for 130 years.We will keep our eye on what’s next, but never lose sight of what matters.
Finally, I would like to close with a special thank you to Peter Redding, who will retire from the board of directors in April. Pete’s leadership over the past thirteen years has made a lasting contribution to our board and our company. I want to thank all the members of our board of directors for their continuing guidance and support, our shareholders for their confidence in us, and our customers for their loyalty and willingness to partner in finding innovative ways to manage the healthcare supply chain. And, I also want to thank our teammates for their hard work in 2011. At Owens & Minor, we never underestimate the influence of our teammates in the marketplace.They are our ambassadors; they are our energy and our innovation; and they are our values and our reputation. Our teammates truly distinguish Owens & Minor in a very competitive market, and they are responsible for our continued success in healthcare.
Best wishes to all of our supporters for a successful 2012! Sincerely,
Craig R. Smith President & CEO
SUSTAINABILITY 2011
RECYCLED
4,900
TONS OF MATERIAL,
(A 49% INCREASE OVER 2010)
RECYCLED
480,000
PALLETS
REDUCED CARBON EMISSIONS BY NEARLY
14,000
TONS
  2011 Annual Report & Form 10-K 5
 