                                              Craig R. Smith
President & Chief Executive Officer
Dear Shareholders, Teammates and Friends,
2007 was an exciting year for Owens & Minor, as we turned the page on our 125th anniversary and began looking forward to a new chapter in our history.We experienced significant growth in 2007, most of which was due to the acquisition of the $1 billion, acute-care distribution business from McKesson Corporation in late 2006, but about 40% of the growth was organic. In fact, our business continued to grow faster than our market sector.We believe that our revenue growth is directly related to our close customer relationships and our ability to meet their supply-chain needs on both basic and sophisticated levels.
In the course of my travels over the last year, I met with many of our hospital customers and our healthcare supplier partners. What I continue to hear from them validates our strategy in the marketplace.We continue to win new accounts with our value- analysis approach, offering solutions and techniques that produce real supply-chain savings.
Our teams in the field and at the Home Office work collaboratively with customers to create supply-chain management solutions, such as storeroom and warehouse redesigns, inventory management techniques, clinical supply-chain solutions, and information management tools. Underlying our efforts are benchmarks and metrics that target supply-chain savings and efficiency improvements.We improve transparency and provide greater visibility into the supply chain for customers and suppliers alike. Our hospital customers increasingly view us as an integrated partner, rather than as a vendor.
In 2007, as we completed the transition and integration of the acquired business, we invested in right-sizing our distribution network and adjusting our workforce to meet our business needs. In the coming year, we expect to continue investing in the infrastructure and systems that make our services possible and enable us to take on faster-than-industry growth.
Reflecting on 2007, we recognize that it was a year of operational and financial achievement for Owens & Minor.
We completed the transition and integration of the acquisition according to schedule. And, although we may not have hit every
2 2007 Annual Report & Form 10-K
  
                                              benchmark, we did achieve strong revenue growth and are now nearly a $7 billion company. Disciplined asset management resulted in operating cash flow of nearly $220 million, allowing us to reduce long-term debt by approximately $150 million over the year.
As for our 2007 performance on Wall Street, our stock price increased 35.7% over the course of the year. We outperformed major broad market indices including the S&P 500, the Dow Jones Industrials,
and the NYSE composite.We also outperformed our industry peer group, as well as our own small cap
and healthcare indices. Because our board of directors believes strongly in delivering long-term value to shareholders, it increased our dividend by nearly 18% for the first quarter of 2008. And, I’m pleased to report that over the last ten years, our cumulative total return to shareholders has exceeded 200%.
These financial and operational achievements are important, but I am equally proud of the investment
we made in our teammates and in our communities in 2007. One of the ways we invest in our teammates is by providing education and training through Owens & Minor University (OMU). In 2007, our teammates participated in more than 5,000 on-line courses, while more than 1,300 students took instructor-led courses. As we now offer classes to customers, some 200 professionals from hospitals around the country enrolled last year in OMU supply-chain management courses.
Another important part of our mission, vision, and values is supporting the communities we serve. Through our Volunteer Council, we donated time, talent and funds to scores of community organizations. Our teammates in the field and at the Home Office raised money, donated time and participated in causes ranging from Big Brothers Big Sisters to the Special Olympics.We also believe in supporting the ideal of
diversity as we conduct our daily business.We strive each year to increase the diversity of our supplier base, as we also work to ensure that our teammates reflect the diversity around us.We are proud of our achievements in this area.
In a final note, I want to recognize the passing of a pivotal figure in our company’s history. Mr. Philip M. Minor, the uncle of our chairman, passed away in January 2008. Phil Minor began his career in the stockroom and performed many roles for the company, finally serving as acting chairman for a decade. I can only second what our Chairman, G. Gilmer Minor, III, said about his uncle: “He personified everything that is good about Owens & Minor.” We will truly miss him.
With every decision we make, we aim to do what’s right for our customers and suppliers – to provide value with every service and to improve what we do every year. Every day with our teammates, we strive to provide a supportive workplace as they serve our customers.
In 2007, our teammates went above and beyond their normal duties in a year that was extremely complex and challenging. I want to convey my gratitude for their efforts and my pride in their accomplishments in what I believe was an excellent year for the company. And, as we do every year, we extend our thanks to our customers, suppliers, and shareholders for their enduring support.
Sincerely,
Craig R. Smith
President & Chief Executive Officer
 Integrity Service Value
2007 Annual Report & Form 10-K 3
  