2 OWENS & MINOR 2001 ANNUAL REPORT
Dear Shareholders,
Teammates, Customers,
Suppliers and Friends,
 We had a very good year and advanced the company forward in many ways. My letter to you will celebrate these achievements as I comment on the financial results and list the highlights for the year. But most of this space will be devoted to talking about the company, where we are today, what we are doing that differentiates us from our com- petitors, and very importantly, where we are going.
By the Numbers
We grew our sales 9%, almost twice the average industry growth rate for our sector. All
of our group purchasing organi- zation customers showed healthy
growth. We lost a little business along the way but we came back strong and made it up, and then some. Even more importantly, we held our gross margin at 10.7% in a very competitive, price
sensitive environment. Our gross margin has been steady over the last few years. We went the wrong way on Selling, General and Administrative (SG&A) expenses by going up 0.1% to 7.8% as a percent of sales. There are some bona fide explanations for this increase in costs for the year,
but the fact is, we did not man- age our expenses as well as we might have. We expect that to change in 2002. Overall, earn- ings per diluted common share, excluding the impact of the restructuring credit and unusual charges, advanced to $1.03, up 11% over 2000, and income of $37.5 million was up 15% from last year.
We strengthened our balance sheet by refinancing some high- cost debt. We managed our assets very well again this year, and the net effect of all this is a 42.6% capitalization ratio with the
“We grew our sales 9%,almost twice the average industry growth rate for our sector. All of our group purchasing organization customers showed healthy growth.”

mandatorily redeemable preferred securities treated as equity. We also increased our volume of business with customers using CostTrack, our industry- leading activity-based pricing model, from 22% of our sales
to almost 28%.
Our productivity and performance ratios, such as sales per full time equivalent (FTE), return on total assets, return on total equity and common share price, all improved from last year.
So, it was a very good year. Not the greatest ever, but a year in which we moved the company forward while strengthening our balance sheet and growing our business well above the industry average. I am very pleased with it.
Highlights for the Year
Here is a snapshot of some of the significant events in 2001 other than financial. We renewed the long-standing agreement with Novation, our largest group pur- chasing organization partner, and we were very proud to have been selected by them to receive the 2001 VHA/Novation Partner- ship Award for our support of the Marketplace@Novation. InformationWeek magazine named us #1 out of 500 companies in the United States for the most innovative use of technology. Wow! Great work, team. Some important new customers we added this year include Baylor Health Care System in Dallas, Methodist Hospital in Houston and Kaiser Permanente all over the country. All of our sales and
marketing programs such as PANDAC®, WISDOM, WISDOM2, SurgiTrack and CostTrack showed measurable improvement in sales penetration for the year. Jeff Kaczka joined the company as Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer; and Erika T. Davis was promoted to Senior Vice President of Human Resources.
Culture, Character
and Consistency
These are the things that get
us to the dance every day. I
talk about them a lot and will continue to do so because these qualities are the foundation of
our industry is blessed with good, healthy, honorable competition. Good competition makes us
all better. Our character is our backbone, and has been formed over a long period of time. Circumstances and times have changed through the years but not our character.
Consistency and dependability have been hallmarks of the com- pany through the years. When we say we’re going to do something, we do it. Our supply chain part- ners know we’re going to show up every day trying to figure out better ways to help them. We
take nothing for granted. We’ve always built our relationships
“We’ve always built our relationships around earning the business,by delivering on commitments and adding value.”
Owens & Minor, the attributes that drive our success. Our culture is user friendly. People like to work here and feel they’re a part of a family, part of a team. That’s why we call everyone ‘teammate.’ Our customers and suppliers like to do business with us because of the service we pro- vide and the positive and friendly way we deliver it. And, we reach out into the communities we serve because we want to help make them better places.
Our character is built around integrity and the will to win. Not winning at any price, but winning because we are clearly better
than our competition. Fortunately,
around earning the business, by delivering on commitments and adding value.
Why Owens & Minor
First of all, we not only listen
to our customers, we hear them. When our customers said they wanted better information to help them run their business,
we gave them WISDOM and WISDOM2. They said they wanted a realistic pricing model other than cost plus. We gave them our own common sense activity-based pricing solution, CostTrack. They said they wanted an inventory management system to help
them control high-valued wound
OWENS & MINOR 2001 ANNUAL REPORT 3

4 OWENS & MINOR 2001 ANNUAL REPORT
“Customers choose us because we are the best in class for our sector. This means that in a land of giants we are, pound for pound, better at doing what we do than our competitors.”
closure inventory. So we gave them PANDAC a long time ago. In my opinion, the best is yet to come.
We all use the word part- nership. Sometimes this word is overused and therefore under- valued. To Owens & Minor partnership means a two-way street with all parties at risk, and relationships built around integrity and trust. That’s why many of our customers are coming to us for help in managing their supply chain function. That’s why we have established OMSolutions to harness the value and power
of our innovative and dynamic tools, and then leverage that value and power for the cus- tomer on site or off site. We expect this trend to grow.
Customers choose us for our focus, for not trying to
be all things to all people, for being a big company with a small company service men- tality, for the personal touch and for always thinking of their welfare first. The 9/11 tragedy brought all those things to the surface as we responded quickly and compassionately. We have always been there when needed, whether an earthquake, hurricane or tornado. We do care.
Customers choose us because we are the best in
class for our sector. This means that in a land of giants we are, pound for pound, better at doing what we do than our competitors. We have also realized that we must be collaborative, interactive and connected to other supply chain partners and exchanges serving our customers. We are a best-in-class company that finds a solution to a problem without bias and in the spirit of true partnership. In other words, we stake our reputation on our actions every day.
Finally, I feel customers choose us because they have figured out what makes us tick. We have a burning need to be of service; we have an insatiable desire for customer success;
we have a constant sense of urgency to be the best and
to do what’s right; we have an unparalleled respect and ado- ration for our teammates; and a flaming desire to return great value to our shareholders and customers. People like to do business with a company that really cares, especially if that company is best-in-class like Owens & Minor.
Looking Ahead
Let’s look down the road and try to visualize what we will look like in five years. Now,
I can’t give you any specific
predictions, but I can give you a sense of what I see ahead.
First of all, the supply chain as we know it today will be more dynamic, more con- nected and more demanding. Things are going to change. Traditional distribution will still have its place for some types of products and some hospitals, but more innovative and cost-effective ways of get- ting some products to the end user will arise. For instance, who will own the inventory? When will it be paid for? Who owns the information? Owens & Minor will provide the answers to these questions fortified with solution-based technology. We will be con- nected to our customers and suppliers in an integrated supply chain that we will
help manage.
Secondly, collaboration
will be essential. We are the best in class for our sector. There are other best-in-class suppliers in other health care sectors. For the providers, these entities need to come together to develop innovative platforms for technology, managed by the hospitals to produce an integrated supply chain of value. We will be there. Actually, we already are. The systems we have developed, the value we deliver every day, and

the unselfish desire to do what’s best for our customers will be our ticket to ride. We are outstanding collaborators and innovators.
Thirdly, there is going to
be more business available.
The demographics scream for
it. Healthcare is a growth indus- try, for better or worse. And those who figure out how to tap into that growth will succeed very nicely, thank you. We have the fundamental values squarely planted in our very being, and we have demonstrated our ability to produce innovative solutions, and over the next five years, we will step that up. It feels good
to look ahead and see the
forest and the trees.
In Closing
We have found from historical precedent and the swiftness of changes that take place in our industry that it’s incumbent on us to re-invent our offering every three to five years. These last two years have been especially satisfy- ing. We have re-engineered our value proposition to our supply chain partners. We have added to our reputation of being the best box movers in the industry by being the best and most con- sistent solution provider in the supply chain. This new dimension, and one that
will serve us well down the road, includes best-in-class technology, a vision for a more efficient and integrated supply chain, and good old-fashioned service. We believe in the fundamental axiom that if we help our cus- tomers do well, we will do well also. It’s common sense. And, we believe in our people who
do the work every day. They are the unsung heroes of Owens & Minor because they not only have made us what we are, but will take us to the next level. And, as I have pointed out, the next level is filled with promise and opportunity. Our plan, our actions and our determination all point to an even brighter day. We are ready.
G. Gilmer Minor, III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Very Simply, Thanks
Craig and I would like to thank those who helped make our year so successful. To our teammates, we thank you for all you do
every day and we are proud to be on your team; to our suppli- ers, thanks for partnering with us to take care of our mutual custo- mers; to our customers, thanks for your loyalty and commitment to our common dream for excel- lence; and to our shareholders, thanks for the confidence you have expressed in us.
We are very much looking forward to improving our performance again in 2002.
Warm regards,
Craig R. Smith
President and Chief Operating Officer
OWENS & MINOR 2001 ANNUAL REPORT 5
     