To Our Shareholders
 DTear Shareholders, Teammates and Friends:
 he year 2008 was a fast-paced and profitable one for Owens & Minor, even though the overall economy experienced unprecedented volatility and history- making change. Despite these challenges, we continued to expand our business with strong organic growth, the
addition of important new customers, and the strategic acquisition of certain assets of The Burrows Company, a hospital supply company based in Chicago.We have always believed that our close relationships with our customers, supported by our supply-chain management services and technology-based programs, have enabled us to grow faster than our market sector. Today, more than ever, our healthcare provider customers are asking for our value-added programs and services and our supply-chain management expertise as they seek ways to deliver efficient, cost-effective patient care.
As I travel around the country meeting with hospital customers and our supplier partners, I am convinced that our strategic vision of creating efficiency and productivity in the supply chain is valued by all the major stakeholders in the healthcare supply chain. Our mission is to collaborate with our customers and suppliers, helping them with cost- saving solutions and efficiency measures that truly improve the healthcare supply chain. We provide solutions as wide-ranging as storeroom and warehouse redesigns, data management tools, clinical supply-chain management solutions, outsourcing and warehousing. These solutions have a common theme - they improve transparency and visibility into the supply chain, enabling healthcare providers and suppliers to more effectively manage inventories, purchasing patterns and cash flow.
In the fourth quarter of 2008, we completed the Burrows acquisition and began the process of converting these customers to our systems, platforms and facilities. This Midwest-based business is a good
strategic fit for Owens & Minor, and we welcome these new customers.The
 2 2008 Annual Report & Form 10-K

              transition of this business requires a focused, intensive effort, and fortunately for Owens & Minor, our transition team wrote the playbook for phased conversions of this type. By collaborating with teams in the field, at the Home Office, and with the new customers, the transition team is scheduled to conclude this large-scale transition by the end of the second quarter 2009.
Also, in the fourth quarter, we chose
to recommit ourselves to a business-to- business model for the customers we serve, making the decision to exit the direct-to-consumer diabetes supply market. When we purchased the direct- to-consumer business in 2005, we believed that this consumer-oriented effort would ultimately support the company in revenue growth and margin enhancement. However, as our strategic initiatives evolved, it became apparent that opportunities were developing in adjacent markets, as our hospital customers began pursuing non-acute-care ventures, such as free-standing surgery centers and physician practices.
Reflecting on 2008, we continued to invest in our people, our infrastructure, and our new strategic initiatives. For example, we introduced automation equipment into our distribution centers and we develop- ed a comprehensive clinical inventory management service. At the same time, we
                                                 2008 Annual Report & Form 10-K 3
    
To Our Shareholders (continued)
 focused every day on meeting our long-term financial, cultural, customer and shareholder goals. I firmly believe our performance in 2008 demonstrates that our long-term dedication to customer service, teamwork and conservative business practices works to our advantage.We believe the best course for us is to continue investing in our business, allowing us to grow profitably, while still providing our customers with exceptional supply-chain management solutions.
During 2008, we grew our top line by 8% to $7.2 billion. Our revenue growth benefited from the Burrows acquisition and our ability to expand our relationships with existing customers.We reported record net income of $93 million. Income from continuing operations was $101 million, increased nearly 42% for the year. We generated $63 million in operating cash flow during 2008, even after the Burrows acquisition and investments made to accommodate competitive new business signed in late 2008. Long-term debt as of the end of the year was $359 million, reflecting our acquisition of the Burrows business.
If we look at our 2008 total return to shareholders, we are pleased to report that OMI fared better than the stocks in our peer group and the S&P 500, even though we ended the year with a 10% decline, when compared to December 31, 2007. In contrast, the S&P 500 and our peer group both declined 37% over the same period. Of course, we prefer to see our stock price on the upswing, but we believe we exhibited real resilience last year when viewed against the extreme volatility in the market. One fact remains constant: we are committed to providing long-term value to our shareholders. Consequently, our board of directors approved a 15% increase in the first quarter 2009 dividend, citing their confidence in Owens & Minor, our ability to achieve our goals, and in recognition of the value we bring to the healthcare market.
For this year’s annual report, we chose a theme of teamwork, and for good reason. Since 1882, we have strived to work collaboratively to meet the needs and challenges of our customers and business partners. One thing we have all learned is that we can’t do it alone. Teamwork is what makes the difference at our company. One of the “team stats” I am most proud of is 2008’s customer satisfaction rating among the 800 customers we survey every year. In 2008, we achieved a 98% customer satisfaction rating. Customer satisfaction in 2007 had dipped to 94%; and we set a goal to achieve real improvement last year, and we did it. You might say we “hit the
ball out of the park.”
As for training and development, our teammates stepped up to the plate and took thousands of courses in 2008, either online, in the field, or in our home office classrooms at Owens & Minor University (OMU). Since we opened the doors to OMU in 2005, our teammates have completed nearly 38,000 courses. If you ask me, this represents an amazing commitment to learning. And the benefits are real. We
 4 2008 Annual Report & Form 10-K

         have seen a decline in teammate turnover, and our teammates have improved their ability to satisfy our customers.This company-wide push for training and development has also enabled us to conduct effective succession planning, as we are developing our bench strength with every class taken.
At Owens & Minor, we know our success depends on the fundamentals.We have long been viewed as conservative, and in today’s market, we believe that’s the right place for us to be. For us, that means paying close attention to the needs of our customers and suppliers, providing superior customer service, and fine-tuning our operations so that we deliver our services at peak efficiency. We will continue the practice of closely monitoring our customers’ credit quality.We will invest in making our business better, and we will pursue new opportunities in markets adjacent to those we serve today. But, most importantly, we will rely on each other, working together every day in a spirit of teamwork.
And finally, I am grateful to our customers, suppliers, business partners, shareholders, board of directors, and teammates for their enduring support. No one person can ever achieve what a team can achieve. For Owens & Minor, the fundamental element of success truly is teamwork.
Sincerely,
Craig R. Smith President & CEO Owens & Minor
                                                                      2008 Annual Report & Form 10-K 5
        