DEAR SHAREHOLDERS:

In 2010, OfficeMax® had strong performance, despite continued macroeconomic challenges that persisted much longer than had been anticipated heading into the year. During the year, the company continued to manage costs while investing in the business, and significantly improved gross margin in both Contract and Retail. I am proud that our team more than doubled the company's adjusted operating income on a year-over-year basis. In November, I joined OfficeMax as CEO, as Sam Duncan retired after successfully leading the company for more than five years. Prior to accepting this position, I did a substantial amount of due diligence, and have taken a deep dive into the company during my first several months here. I have enjoyed meeting with my colleagues throughout the organization as well as customers and consumers and other partners to gain an understanding of the opportunities, challenges and issues in each area of the business. As I reflect on my early experience at OfficeMax, I see an organization with excellent opportunities for sustainable, profitable growth. I am gratified that OfficeMax's 30,000 associates view our company values as a way of life, and integrity is part of the DNA of the company. It is clear to me that the company has achieved financial stability, and the infrastructure enhancements that the company is making will play an important role in the next phase of our journey toward sustainable, profitable growth. One of my first priorities going forward is to evolve the organizational mindset to a growth orientation. This is not an easy task, and it involves a significant paradigm shift and change management. As such, I have begun to share my first set of philosophies for the company to facilitate this paradigm shift: · People--cultivating a culture that leverages the strength and talent of the organization at all levels by raising the bar continuously. · Priorities--evaluating our opportunities to focus on initiatives that are meaningful to the growth and profitability of the company and can move the needle materially. · Pace--significantly increasing the speed with which we change to stay ahead of the curve. · Processes--being deliberate, disciplined and thoughtful in our approach to addressing our opportunities and plans. · Performance--ensuring everyone across the organization has accountability for our results.

Going forward, we will need to leverage our expense control strength to the next level and find systematic and programmatic ways to drive significant and ongoing cost savings. These programmatic cost efficiencies will enable us to fund our growth journey. I have established five near-term actionable priorities for the organization for 2011 which sharpen the focus on our core business and should accelerate momentum behind new business: · First, continuing to focus on gross margin improvements and driving expense control and prioritization across the organization. We will work to identify and implement one or two major programmatic efficiencies that will result in significant savings benefits, likely towards the end of this year or in 2012. · Second, improving customer retention in the Contract segment, and vigorously defending our key contracts through enhanced service. We will evolve our sales culture from personal relationships to performance-based relationships with clients. We will also work to stem declines in the base business through new products and service offerings. · Third, proactively focusing on advancing the e-commerce channel for all customer segments as a P&L driver, and continuing to scale our new channel/ store-in-store concept. · Fourth, critically evaluating and prioritizing our five-year plan initiatives. We will focus on a few that can materially and profitably drive growth and will work to reallocate resources to the initiatives that can be differentiated and scaled. · Fifth, addressing our organizational capabilities, skill sets, and talent and knowledge gaps to drive growth through innovation and leveraging customer and consumer insights. Overall, I am pleased with what I have seen during my first few months at OfficeMax. I believe that we have an organization filled with resilient associates with a can-do attitude. However, I do believe there is a lot of room for improvement to achieve a world-class organization, and I have challenged our teams to raise the bar significantly. I look forward to continuing to work with our leadership team as we turn our focus to creating a strong, well-differentiated company that, over time, becomes an engine for sustainable, profitable growth. Sincerely,

RAVI SALIGRAM PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER March 2011

