· Technology & Document Solutions--Services which are related to print and managing technology assets as more business customers seek cost-effective solutions rather than just products. · New Channels--Managing the office supply category for retailers in order to expand our retail presence without investment in brick and mortar. · Mexico--Continue to open additional stores in this growth market where we already have a strong position. We engaged our employees at every level of the company to ensure ownership and alignment. As the momentum builds, I see the excitement of our team and feel their drive to make our plans come to fruition. 2012 is the year of action, relentless focus, and strong execution. Our leadership team is dedicated to driving the business with the highest sense of urgency to achieve consistent, predictable results, and allow us to fulfill our core mission to provide workplace innovation that enables customers to work better. I am encouraged that we are seeing some stabilization in the business as we navigate this "Road to Success," and I believe that the journey will lead us to a strong, diverse company that creates significant long-term shareholder value.

Dear Shareholders:
2011 was a challenging year for OfficeMax®. In addition to a tough economic and competitive environment coupled with tepid customer demand, we also faced issues inherent to OfficeMax which we have largely corrected. We developed a long-term strategy, took significant steps toward rebuilding our talent and capabilities, and along the way have repositioned the company for improved performance in 2012 and beyond. Specifically, we strengthened the management team at various levels, continued to improve processes and systems, and restructured parts of our business to focus our resources and streamline the cost structure. We now have a robust, clear strategic direction that has broad ownership and championship throughout the company, which we call our "Road to Success." The two major prongs of our strategy are, first, to strengthen and increase profitability in our core businesses in existing geographies; and second, to pilot and implement a series of strategic and disruptive moves intended to spur growth, address the strategic issues of unproductive retail space and formats, customer migration to online in certain categories, and margin gaps versus the leading office products player. In addition to our strategic initiative to significantly enhance our Digital and multichannel capabilities, we are also investing in five key growth adjacencies expected to help strengthen the core business: · Jan/San--This area includes cleaning and breakroom product essentials which are conducive to employee wellness and safety. · Small and Medium Business--We have created a standalone sales unit to take advantage of this underpenetrated, high-margin market.

Sincerely,

RAVI SALIGRAM President and Chief Executive Officer March 2012

