Letter To The Shareholders
In its 82 year of business, Old Republic posted all-time-high revenues, operating earnings, and net income. Net income of $551.4 million was greatly additive to our shareholders' account, returning 14.3% on beginning equity. In recognition of the Company's greater capital resources, the Board of Directors, shortly before year-end 2005, approved a special cash dividend of $183.6 million, or 80 cents, per common share. This payment rewards all shareholders proportionately; we see it as a sensible way of releasing accumulated earnings in excess of those currently necessary for the secure long-term management and growth of our business. Our three major business segments contributed to varying degrees to consolidated top and bottom line results in 2005. To be sure, our reaching higher levels of financial performance was in part due to the receipt early in 2005 of an income tax recovery from final resolution of tax issues dating from 1988 to 1990. Moreover, 2005 year-over-year earnings comparisons benefited from the absence of certain special and non-recurring charges that affected 2004 operating results. The following are highlights of 2005 performance: · · · · · · Operating revenues from our balanced book of business grew 8.6% to $3.74 billion. Net income crossed the half-billion-dollar mark for the first time in Old Republic's history. Year-over-year development of prior years' consolidated claim reserves once again reflected a favorable outcome, lending credence to the quality of reported earnings and the substance of the shareholders' account. All-time-high operating cash flow drove our invested asset base to nearly $8 billion, notwithstanding the disbursement of the above-noted special cash dividend. Greater operating cash flow also largely was responsible for the 9.2% increase in consolidated assets to $11.5 billion. Total annual return on shareholders' equity, which combines the year-over-year increase in book value per share and the total cash dividend yield for the year grew to 11.2%, from 10.8% in 2004.
nd

These achievements once again underline the value of a business model anchored to basic insurance principles. The three major operating segments that compose our single business of insurance are well positioned to lead interdependently to earnings sustainability. Although we always are mindful of evaluating opportunities to enhance this model, we are convinced that its current structure contains solid potential for long-term performance. Operating Segment Results Old Republic General Insurance Group which incorporates the largest number of coverages and types of risk we underwrite, was the Company's greatest source of consolidated revenues and pretax operating income for the second year running. For the fourth consecutive year, this segment's earnings were grounded on positive underwriting results. The 2005 composite underwriting ratio was a highly favorable 91.5%. The composite underwriting ratio averaged 93.8% for the latest four years and 99.4% for the most recent decade. Old Republic's industry-beating underwriting performance continues to reflect our focus on the basics of our business and the benefits of industry and insurance coverage specialization. Leaving aside the multifaceted insurance services we provide to large industrial and service organizations, we are otherwise focused on relatively few sectors of the U.S. economy. Most of the coverages we underwrite are categorized as liability rather than property insurance. Our relatively minor exposures to property insurance as such and to the nation's coastal areas insulated Old Republic's underwriting results from the ravages of a particularly violent hurricane season in 2005. A significant financial achievement of the year was the posting of $1.80 billion in net general insurance premiums earned, which reflected 11.2% growth from 2004 volume. This new top-line record brought to fruition our early 2001 objective of doubling our general insurance business in five years. Most of our specialized operating centers contributed to this accomplishment. We took advantage of markets that permitted favorable product pricing and terms of coverage, as well as responded to Old Republic's promise of solid financial security. The expansion of our geographical reach and distribution channels also helped us fulfill this objective.

2

Old Republic Mortgage Guaranty Group rebounded in 2005. Although investment income grew at a faster clip, most of the earnings improvement stemmed from the basic insurance underwriting and related service functions of the Company. Net premiums earned increased by mid-single digits largely due to greater production of bulk business and a higher average premium rate on traditional primary insurance volume. In addition, the composite underwriting ratio was favorably lower vis-à-vis the prior year. A less expense-intensive mix of business and effective cost management led to an overall drop in operating costs, which more than offset a rise in the claim ratio. Old Republic Title Insurance Group posted a significant improvement in pretax operating earnings in 2005. To a large extent, the absence of certain unusual litigation costs that adversely affected 2004 results magnified the yearover-year increase. This segment held its own in relatively uneven housing and associated mortgage lending markets that presented a challenge to operating expense management. Still, as the year came to a close, the composite underwriting ratio settled at 94.2%, about the same as the level attained in 2004 after eliminating that year's special charges. Old Republic Corporate and Other Operations unlike in 2004, did not detract from the very fine performance the Company's key operating segments achieved. The relatively small life and health insurance business we operate in the U.S. and Canada produced satisfactory profits in 2005. These operations - together with our holding company expenses for debt service and corporate management costs, as well as the operating results of several minor subsidiaries providing system-wide internal services - had a negligible effect on the Company's 2005 consolidated results. Balance Sheet Strength for the Long Term As an insurance enterprise managed for the long run, we always have focused on balance sheet strength in controlling the risks inherent in our operations. The fixed maturity and equity securities we own are of high investment grade and widely diversified among many sectors of the American economy. As of year-end 2005, our bond portfolio reflected an average maturity of 4.8 years, thus providing a great deal of liquidity to meet insurance obligations as they become due, as well as to take advantage of reinvestment opportunities, particularly in a rising yield market. Most of the Company's remaining assets consist of balances collectible currently from agents and brokers and in future years from reinsurance companies. We believe these receivables also are of high quality and do not contain the makings of significant prospective write-offs. On the liability side of Old Republic's consolidated balance sheet, gross reserves for future benefit and claim payments or premiums to be earned in succeeding periods represented 82.0% of our gross liabilities of $7.5 billion. Reserve adequacy has been a hallmark of the Company's financial strength for many years; it provides reasonable assurance that significant increases for prior periods' obligations will not compromise future years' earnings. For the past 14 years during which we have collected consolidated statistics, net claim reserves have reflected an average annual aggregate redundancy of 4.5%. Taken together, the inherent strengths on both sides of Old Republic's balance sheet provide a solid foundation for long-term staying power and earnings sustainability. The consistently very high independent financial ratings our key policy-issuing insurance companies and the Corporation as a whole have earned for many years attest to our stability and durability. Old Republic Common Shares and The Market Total market return - the sum of the year-over-year percentage change in each share's market value, plus the year's dividend yield as a percentage of the market price at the beginning of the year - was 10.3% in 2005, versus 1.8% in the preceding year. On a book-value basis, the total return was 11.2%. For the most recent decade, the total market return has averaged 12.7%, about equal to the 12.8% average book value return. In this light, the stock market valuation of Old Republic's common shares has, over time, responded to the buildup of the shareholders' equity account and increasing cash dividend stream paid to shareholders each year. Old Republic has the distinction of being just one of 127 publicly held American businesses, out of 10,000-plus such companies, to have posted at least 23 consecutive years of regular annual dividend increases.( *) Over the long term, the Company's shares have proven a very sound investment. From 1967, when Old Republic transitioned to an insurance holding company system, to year-end 2005, the shares have reflected a compounded annual return of 14.7%, far exceeding the 10.5% total return of the S&P 500 Index.

3

Outlook As 2006 begins, our General Insurance and Mortgage Guaranty segments have continuing opportunities to grow both their revenues and bottom lines. On the other hand, an expected softening of housing and mortgage lending activity likely will challenge our Title Insurance business. The totality of these three insurance lines, however, should produce positive results from the basic underwriting and related services functions of our business. A bonus could well come from Old Republic's growing invested asset base, which may well deliver greater investment income on the strength of a moderately higher yield environment in the bond market. We expect to meet our overall growth objectives through the consistent efforts of our associates at all levels of the organization and their dedication to the management of our business for the long run. Respectfully submitted on behalf of the Company and its Board of Directors, Chicago, Illinois January 26, 2006 Aldo C. Zucaro Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

*Source: Mergent's Dividend Achievers, fall 2005 edition

4

