Letter To The Shareholders
With this year's report we inaugurate a new format for Old Republic's formal annual communication with shareholders. We will no longer issue a separate annual report to shareholders and another on Form 10-K to meet the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Instead, we are combining the two reports to provide a single, all inclusive document containing the wealth of numerical data and technical and other disclosures that respond to the reporting requirements of the SEC and accounting rule-making organizations. We hope that our shareholders will appreciate receiving this enhanced, more technically oriented annual report. IN 2006, OLD REPUBLIC COMPLETED ITS 83RD YEAR OF BUSINESS AND SET NEW FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE RECORDS. Among our balance sheet highlights: · · · Consolidated assets grew by 9.3% to $12.6 billion. The cash and invested portion of consolidated assets rose by 11.3% to $8.2 billion. Consolidated net claim reserves, excluding approximately $228 million of reserves assumed through a reinsured book of business, advanced 10.7%. Including the reinsured amounts, net claim reserves were up 19.2%. Common shareholders' equity gained 8.6% over the preceding year, notwithstanding cash dividend payments of $135.8 million. On a per-share basis, the year's total return on equity, represented by the sum of the year-over-year increase in book value and the cash dividend yield, totaled 11.3% versus 11.2% in 2005.

·

From an operating standpoint, the business delivered the second-highest annual profits in Old Republic's history: · · · The consolidated underwriting ratio remained at a very satisfactory level of 90.0%, compared to 88.5% in the preceding year. Net investment income advanced 10.2% to $341.6 million. The consolidated pretax operating margin was 17.5%, compared with 18.2% in 2005. For the most recent decade, the average operating margin has been 18.7%.

Once again, these achievements provide ample support to the merits of Old Republic's business model. On its foundation we have enhanced shareholder value while providing reliable protection to our insurance subsidiaries' many customers and their beneficiaries. More often than not, the individual elements of our business are not uniformly successful in the short term, and 2006 was no exception. Our Title business in particular and our Mortgage Guaranty segment to a much lesser extent faced the challenges of operating in softer housing and mortgage lending markets. On the other hand, very strong operating performance by our General Insurance segment provided a salutary counterpoint. OPERATING SEGMENT RESULTS Old Republic General Insurance Group, as mentioned above, made the largest contribution to consolidated revenues and pretax operating income for the third consecutive year. This segment's earnings strength remained grounded on solid underwriting performance. The achievement of a favorable composite ratio of 90.3% in 2006 made it the fifth consecutive year of underwriting profitability. For the most recent decade, this ratio has averaged 98.4%, while the latest five-year average has been 93.1%. The composite underwriting ratio of claims and expenses is the industry's most widely accepted performance indicator. Based on published statistics, Old Republic usually outperforms industry averages in this regard.

iv

Earned premium growth, which rose to 5.4% by the end of 2006, was at the lower end of our expectations at the beginning of the year. Substantially all 2006 premium growth stemmed from trucking, home warranty, and financial indemnity insurance coverages. Loss costs remained at very acceptable levels for most major insurance lines, continuing to benefit from reasonably contained inflationary pressures on claim settlement costs. Overall development of prior years' reserves was favorable and thus did not detract from 2006 results. Production and general operating expenses remained well aligned with premium volume. Net investment income rose on the strength of higher market yields and a greater invested asset base. Late in 2006, we assumed a book of business focused on insurance coverages for the contractors and commercial construction industries. With a current annual gross premium volume of approximately $275 million, this specialty line represents a natural extension of our General Insurance Group's existing underwriting commitments. We expect this new book of business to be additive to our growth prospects over the years. Old Republic Mortgage Guaranty Group operations were slightly less profitable in 2006 as claim costs rose fairly consistently throughout the year. Premium revenue trends responded to the combination of greater business persistency, lower mortgage originations, and higher levels of bulk insurance transactions. Overall underwriting profitability measured by the composite underwriting ratio slipped by approximately 9.6% in 2006, bringing last year's ratio to 65.3%, from 59.6% in 2005. Rising paid claim trends, as well as higher claim frequency and severity levels, drove substantially all the increase. The Group's net investment income rose by 6.0% even though the invested asset base remained essentially flat due to high shareholder dividend payments. Old Republic Title Insurance Group registered a substantial drop in profitability in 2006. The entire decline stemmed from the underwriting/service side of the business. Significant downtrends in housing and mortgage lending activity were the main culprits, particularly in our Western States territory. Accentuating lower profitability were pretax charges of $7.0 million for adjustments to filed premium rate classifications and provision for ongoing industry-wide class action lawsuits. In combination, these factors pushed the composite underwriting ratio to 99.5%, its highest level in a decade and 5.3 percentage points more than in 2005. Corporate and Other Operations, which consist mainly of Old Republic's holding company functions and a small life and health business in the U.S. and Canada, produced near break-even results for the year. COMPANY BALANCE SHEET STRENGTH Old Republic's balance sheet remained robust and unaltered through year-end 2006: · The overall quality of the fixed maturity securities portfolio persisted in a secure AA classification. Investments in stocks comprised a well diversified list of quality issues managed with a strong anchor in benchmark indices. In total, the investment portfolio provides a responsibly sound funding of our insurance liabilities. Premium balances due from agents and brokers, as well as reinsurance recoverables, were of high quality and expected to be fully collectible at future due dates. Claim reserves similarly were of high quality and expected to provide adequately for the future aggregate value of the claims we will pay. For the past 15 years during which we have collected consolidated statistics, net claim reserves have reflected a favorable average outcome of 4.4%. The shareholders' equity account remained devoid of significant intangible values and fully accommodative of higher debt leverage should we deem this appropriate or necessary in the future.

· ·

·

v

Taken together, these key elements of Old Republic's balance sheet contribute to the solid foundation we have built in support of sustainable earnings growth. Consistently high independent financial ratings awarded to our key policy-issuing insurance companies and the Corporation over several decades attest to our stability and durability. OLD REPUBLIC SHARES AND THE MARKET The Company's common shares' performance advanced in both total market return and book return in 2006. Total market return  the sum of the year-over-year percentage change in the market value of each Old Republic common share, plus the year's dividend yield as a percentage of the market price at the beginning of the year  improved to 13.6% in 2006, from 10.3% in 2005. During the most recent decade, this total market return has averaged 12.5%. Viewed in this light, Old Republic's 10-year market performance compares quite favorably with the benchmark Standard & Poor's 500 Index, which delivered an average 10.0% total market return for the period. On a total book return basis, which reflects the Company's actual performance unhampered by the vagaries of the securities markets, the return was 11.3% for 2006, and has averaged 13.1% for the past decade. Early in the year, the Board of Directors approved another increase in the annual cash dividend rate to 60 cents per share. This represents the 25th consecutive annual increase in cash dividends. According to the winter 2007 edition of Mergent's Dividend Achievers, Old Republic is one of only 121 companies, out of 10,000-plus publicly held corporations, to have posted annual dividend increases for at least 24 consecutive years. OUTLOOK As we begin a new year, Old Republic's overall prospects are reasonably positive. Title insurance operating results in particular probably will remain under significant pressure due to the continuing down cycle in housing and related mortgage-lending markets. The remainder of our business, however, should reflect further overall earnings progress. Most of that increase should emerge from the investment side of operations, which are apt to benefit from a greater invested asset base and the likelihood of a higher yield environment. As always, we have great confidence in the abilities of our associates throughout the organization to take full advantage of all market opportunities in the pursuit of our long-term business objectives. Respectfully submitted on behalf of the Company and its Board of Directors,

Chicago, Illinois January 25, 2007

Aldo C. Zucaro Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

vi

