 WTO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
e are very excited to report to you, our shareholders, another extremely successful year highlighted by robust, profitable sales growth of 9%,
a record operating margin of 17.6%, and a 22% increase in earnings
per share. These record-breaking 2014 results extend our impressive record to 22 consecutive years of positive comparable store sales growth and record revenue and operating income since becoming a public company in April of 1993, and mark the sixth consecutive year we have grown EPS in excess of 21%. Our ongo- ing success is the direct result of our team’s unwavering commitment to providing consistently high levels of service to our customers, and our team’s relentless focus on executing our mission of being the dominant supplier of auto parts in every market we serve. Our past accomplishments, and our future success, would not be possible without the hard work of our more than 67,000 Team Members, and we would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to Team O’Reilly for their dedication to ensuring every customer’s satisfaction is our num- ber one priority.
Since 1957, the fundamental concept of providing consistent, excellent customer service has been the foundation of our company’s culture and is the underlying driver of our continued success. Our team has never forgotten the importance of this basic principle and, as a result, we again led the industry in comparable store sales growth in 2014, generating a 6.0% increase, which was on top of an industry- leading increase of 4.3% in 2013. The battle to gain customers’ business and win their loyalty is fierce, and we face strong competition every day in each market
we serve. We differentiate ourselves, and continue to generate consistently strong and profitable top-line results, by simply rolling up our sleeves and out hustling our competition. Our store operations teams understand second place is simply not good enough, and our mission is to be our customers’ first call for all of their auto parts needs. We work to achieve this goal by building great teams of Profes- sional Parts People, and ensuring those teams have the tools necessary to win our customers’ business each day. One of the primary factors in a customer’s decision
O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE 2014 ANNUAL REPORT 1
OUR STORES are staffed with highly- trained, technically-proficient Professional Parts People who undergo extensive and ongoing training to better serve our technically-oriented professional service provider customers and enhance the customer service we provide to our do-it- yourself customers who value the expert assistance. We are committed to providing consistently superior customer service and significant value to each of our customers every day.
“
“Our ongoing
success is the
direct result
of our team’s
unwavering commitment to providing consistently high levels of service.”
“

    Photos provided by O’Reilly Store Installations team
    FROM GROUND BREAKING TO GRAND OPENING Before breaking ground, we strategically select sites for new stores by considering, among other factors, local population density and demographics, as well as local registered vehicles and automotive repair facilities. Our stores are generally freestanding buildings or prominent end caps situated on or near major traffic thoroughfares, which offer ample parking, easy customer access and average approximately 7,200 square feet. Our store design features high ceilings, convenient interior layouts, in-store signage, bright lighting, and dedicated counters to serve our professional service provider customers. After construction is completed, our stores are stocked with an average of 23,000 SKUs, which includes a wide selection of nationally recognized, well-advertised, premium name brand products, as well as proprietary private label products for domestic and imported automobiles.
As the average age a high quality vehicle can stay on the road grows, so does the miles driven and required maintenance on these vehicles, supporting continued strong demand in our industry.
Sustainable, profitable top-line growth by itself is simply not enough, and another important O’Reilly culture value is
the relentless practice of expense control. At Team O’Reilly, expense control goes beyond scrutinizing our expenditures; instead, it is a laser-focus on deploying our shareholders’ in- vestments in activities which will ultimately improve service levels to our customers and enhance their experience each time they walk into or call one of our stores. We take a long- term perspective when it comes to expense control, and our commitment to consistently-superior customer service has been rewarded with industry-leading comparable store sales. Our expense control focus has translated our consistent top- line growth into bottom line profits, and we once again set a company record, high-operating profit margin of 17.6% of sales in 2014.
Our priorities for the use of our capital remain unchanged: our primary focus is reinvestment in our business by main- taining and enhancing our existing store base and distribu- tion network, expanding our footprint through greenfield store openings and consolidating the market by acquiring existing auto parts chains and converting them to our mod- el. 2014 was another great year in execution of this playbook with the successful opening of 200 net, new stores across
38 different states, including our first store in Pennsylvania, and the opening of three new DCs. The single biggest factor to the success of a new store is the quality of the store team, and we aggressively identify and develop knowledgeable and enthusiastic Professional Parts People who are eager to provide unsurpassed customer service in each new store. We are able to successfully instill the O’Reilly culture to new store teams across the U.S. because of the vast aftermarket experience we have amassed throughout our company and our dedication to promoting new leaders from within our ranks. We have been very pleased with the performance of our new store openings over the past several years and are very confident we will replicate this success in the additional 205 new stores we plan to open in 2015, supported by our 26 regional distribution centers, including the three we opened in 2014. Our ability to bring additional DC capacity online effectively, without missing a beat in providing exceptional service to our stores, is a huge driver to our success. At the
end of 2014, our distribution system had the capacity to support an additional 800 stores across our footprint, and we are well positioned to continue our record of profitable growth. While we did not make a significant strategic ac- quisition in 2014, we continually monitor the landscape for potential acquisition targets and will pursue opportunities that can achieve the appropriate return on our investment and drive our long-term profitable growth.
Supported by the strength and stability of the long-term drivers for demand in the automotive aftermarket and driven by our relentless focus on profitable long-term
to purchase a part is availability; if we do not have the part a customer needs, or if we cannot get the part to a customer faster than our competitors, we risk losing the business.
A key to our success has been our sustained competitive advantage in parts availability, an advantage built through our robust, tiered, regional supply chain network, which provides our store teams with access to the right part faster than our competitors. We stock each of our stores with robust inventories consisting of high-quality parts tailored to the needs of the market served by each individual store. Each one of our store’s inventories is customized based on numerous factors including vehicle registration data, market demographic information, and local customer purchasing patterns. In addition to individually-tailored store level inventories, most of our store teams also have same-day access to a larger assortment of hard-to-find parts through our hub store network made up of 283 strategically-located stores that stock larger inventories, which average 41,000 SKUs, and, for our stores located in markets surrounding one of our 26 strategically-deployed distribution centers (DC), directly from one of our DCs, which average 146,000 SKUs. Our stores also receive five-night-a-week inventory replenishment from our DCs. This frequent and flexible replenishment model allows us to stock a larger breadth of store level inventory, increasing the chance we will either have a part in stock at the store for immediate fulfillment
of our customer’s needs or have the part quickly available. Our ability to customize and rapidly deploy inventory is a powerful resource when a do-it-yourself customer walks
into one of our stores or a professional service provider customer calls needing that hard-to-find part. We are not satisfied, however, with resting on our laurels, and we continually evaluate methods which will enhance our ability to strategically and effectively deploy our inventory invest- ment, allowing us to maintain our competitive advantage and extend our tradition of providing unsurpassed levels of service to our customers.
Our 22 consecutive years of profitable growth is a testament to our ability to successfully execute our proven model during both strong and difficult macroeconomic conditions, and we remain very confident in the long-term drivers of demand in the automotive aftermarket. The primary driver of demand in our industry is the total number of miles driven in the U.S. Supported by improving employment lev- els, through November of 2014, the number of miles driven in the U.S. in 2014 increased 1.4%. While temporary eco- nomic conditions can incrementally pressure miles driven over short periods of time, we believe the long-term outlook for miles driven growth remains solid and will continue to provide a strong foundation for demand in our industry. As we have seen for several years now, the higher quality of new cars manufactured and sold over the past two decades has also benefitted the automotive aftermarket. With proper maintenance, these high-quality vehicles can be reliably driven at higher mileages, resulting in stable scrappage rates and, coupled with solid new car sales, an increase in the total U.S. vehicle population and the average age of vehicles.
 4,366 O’Reilly stores
     States with O’Reilly stores
43
26
O’Reilly distribution centers
O’Reilly
Team Members more than
,
67 000
 O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE 2014 ANNUAL REPORT 23
O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
 OUR DISTRIBUTION NETWORK is a robust, regional, tiered distribution model that provides our stores with industry- leading parts availability. Our distribution centers are strategically located close to our stores which allows us to service them five nights a week.
DC 22, Phoenix, AZ, taken by O’Reilly Team Member Rick Rowen, Systems Analyst.

 133
14
OUR FOOTPRINT grew to 43 states in 2014 as we opened 200 net, new stores staffed with well-trained teams eager to aggressively execute our proven dual market strategy and gain market share from coast to coast. During 2014, we opened two new distribution centers and relocated one distribution center, enabling us to better support our existing store base and positioning us for future growth. We
116
104
73 100
153
141 84
wil“
growth, we continue to drive free cash flow to levels that exceed our opportu-
nity to prudently reinvest in our business. In 2014, after investing in our growth, we generated more than $760 million in free cash. We utilized that free cash to directly return value to our shareholders by continuing to prudently execute our share repurchase program. Over the course of 2014, we repurchased 5.7 million of our shares for an investment of $866 million and, since the inception of our share repurchase program in 2011, we have repurchased 46.3 million of our shares for a total investment of $4.22 billion, or $91.06 per share. We will continue to directly return value to our shareholders through our repurchase program after we have exhausted all other profitable-growth opportunities, including store growth and accretive acquisitions.
Before we conclude our comments in this letter, we would once again like to thank our more than 67,000 Team Members for their dedication and relentless focus on providing the highest levels of customer service in the industry. Our record break- ing results would not be possible without their hard work each day, in every store and DC, across the country. We are very proud of our success in 2014 and are absolutely focused on building upon that success for the future. We are grateful
of the trust you have placed in us, and we are committed to continuing our long track record of producing outstanding returns on your investment in O’Reilly. Our entire Team is dedicated to our mission of being the dominant supplier of parts
in every market we serve, and we are confident we will extend our rich history of profitable growth into 2015 and beyond.
l continue to expand the O’Reilly brand, from coast to coast, in 2015, with the investment in 205 net, new stores in both existing and new markets.
151 58
27
15
35
18
“We are very proud of our success in 2014 and are absolutely focused on building upon that success for the future.”
GREG HENSLEE
President and Chief Executive Officer
THOMAS MCFALL
Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer
52
36 12 104 7 18 134
3570 1
167 109 148 5990 6
512 76190 54 67
45
615
12
GROWTH from COAST to COAST
Store Counts 200-600+ 100-199 1-99 Distribution Centers
O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE 2014 ANNUAL REPORT 4
115
114
118
178
“
