A STEADY HAND
AT THE WHEEL.
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
The weakening economy presented challenges to consumers of all income levels, and no one was immune to these difficult conditions; given the difficult macroeconomic environment, we are pleased to have delivered strong results. Through a constant emphasis on the core O’Reilly culture values of customer service and expense control, we continued to successfully execute our dual market strategy and grow our market share in the face of declining miles driven and rising unemployment. Team O’Reilly’s dedication and determination to providing the
best service and value to our customers drove a comparable store sale increase of 2.6% in 2008 for core O’Reilly stores.
In 2008 the headwinds on consumer spending, combined with the limited availability of credit in the banking system, put pressure on companies across
the retail spectrum, and the automotive aftermarket was no different. The impact on the automotive aftermarket participants was manifested in store closures and industry consolidation. A key component of our growth strategy has always been to act as an opportunistic industry consolidator by targeting once-effective chains that had fallen on hard times, primarily because of a lack of sufficient capital and the loss of management focus. We executed this strategy with very good results in our 1998 purchase of Hi-Lo
Automotive (182 stores), 2001 purchase of Midstates Auto Parts (82 stores) and 2005 purchase of Midwest Auto Parts (72 stores). The difficult economic conditions and tight credit markets again afforded us the opportunity to be a consolidator in our industry when, on July 11, 2008, we acquired CSK Auto Corporation (CSK). At the time of the acquisition, CSK was one of the largest specialty retailers of auto parts and accessories in the Western United States and operated 1,342 stores under the brand names of Checker Auto Parts, Schuck’s Auto Supply, Kragen Auto Parts and Murray’s Discount Auto Parts.
CSK had experienced several years of poor performance primarily caused by a lack of capital, under-inventoried stores and the absence of consistent,
ROAD TESTED. RESULTS DRIVEN.
    GREG HENSLEE
Chief Executive Officer and Co-President
TED WISE
Chief Operating Officer and Co-President
TOM MCFALL
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE 2008 ANNUAL REPORT PG.1

ROAD TESTED. RESULTS DRIVEN.
 MARKET FACTORS
The fundamental drivers in our industry remain strong. During challenging economic conditions, our customers are more willing to maintain and repair their current vehicle rather than purchase a new vehicle. This increase in the average age of vehicles on the road drives demand for our products.
cohesive management direction. Facing serious constraints on access to capital, CSK began exploring strategic alternatives in early 2008. Due to a complementary geographic distribution of stores, it had long been speculated that we would be a likely acquirer of CSK. While we had, at various times, undertaken cursory discussions along those lines, it was never a serious consideration given the high price that would have been necessary to acquire CSK and their public unwillingness to entertain overtures to be acquired. In light of their financial condition and public announcement to explore strategic alternatives, we saw a tremendous opportunity inherent in CSK at a much more reasonable acquisition
price, and we became very active both inside and outside of their strategic evaluation process. The difficulty in raising capital in a historically bad credit market in 2008 presented
a major obstacle to any potential acquirer of CSK. Based
on the strength of our balance sheet and the merits of our consistently strong historical operating results, we were able
to obtain debt commitments sufficient for us to acquire CSK in an all-cash deal. With the financing commitments in hand, we were able to effectively negotiate to acquire CSK. We
were then able to alter the structure of the transaction to an exchange offer, which allowed us to maintain the financial flexibility necessary for strategic investments in CSK’s distribution infrastructure and inventory position.
The true opportunity at CSK is to maintain CSK’s strong retail base and dramatically increase the commercial business by successfully implementing our dual market strategy. To realize the value potential at CSK, we will convert all of the CSK stores to the O’Reilly brand and implement our dual market strategy. At the time of the acquisition, only 10% of CSK’s sales were to commercial installers as compared to 50% at O’Reilly. To successfully implement our proven dual market strategy, we will focus on distribution, inventory availability and culture.
CSK operated a retail-focused distribution network with four main distribution centers (DCs) servicing stores on a weekly basis. We are closing one CSK DC that overlaps with an existing O’Reilly DC, renovating the remaining three
CSK DCs, adding four new DCs and utilizing three existing O’Reilly DCs to service the acquired CSK stores. This large investment in distribution infrastructure will allow for nightly deliveries to all stores and multiple daily store deliveries in the seven metropolitan areas where the DCs are located.
Prior to the acquisition, the average CSK store stocked 18,000 SKUs. We will eliminate non-core automotive merchandise and bring the SKU count up to the O’Reilly average of 21,000 with a clear focus on hard parts.
249
VEHICLE POPULATION
2.9
MILES DRIVEN
9.8YEARS
AVERAGE AGE OF VEHICLE
MARKET CONSOLIDATION OPPORTUNITY
The largest suppliers in the automotive aftermarket make up a relatively small percentage of the overall market, even after several years of steady consolidation. We continue to opportunistically pursue strategic acquisitions to take advantage
of further market consolidation.
AUTOZONE ................................... 12% ADVANCED AUTO PARTS ..................... 9% O’REILLY AUTO PARTS .................... 9% GENERAL PARTS INC./CARQUEST . . . . . . . 5% GENERAL PARTS/NAPA .............. 3% REMAINING MARKET.............. 62%
MILLION
TRILLION
       PG.2 O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE 2008 ANNUAL REPORT

CSK AQUISITION FACTORS
MARKET LEADING 1AUTO PARTS
RETAILER
With very little overlap
in O’Reilly’s and CSK’s geographical footprints, this merger provides an exceptional opportunity to augment CSK’s strong retail presence by incorporating O’Reilly’s installer customer expertise, while also providing more tools for CSK to emerge as a more competitive retailer.
2 NATIONAL PLATFORM
By joining two large industry leaders, the combined company will benefit from increased brand recognition and increased advertising synergies. Additionally, many proven customer programs will offer nation- wide advantages to
both our DIY and DIFM customer base.
3ENHANCE CSK’S OPERATIONS
O’Reilly’s proven operating model of overnight replenishment (multiple daily deliveries metropolitan hub and spoke stores) and a strong performance-based sales and operations model, will create positive results for our team members
and customers.
4COST SAVINGS OPPORTUNITY
In addition to leveraging increased purchasing power for automotive parts, tools and equipment, the combined company will achieve substantial savings through improved administrative efficiencies.
ROAD TESTED. RESULTS DRIVEN.
 We are excited by the addition of CSK’s outstanding team and we will instill the O’Reilly Culture to team members in each of our new stores, DCs and offices.
In addition to our growth through acquisitions,
we continue a robust new store growth program,
only partially scaled back in light of the major capital commitments and management focus required to successfully execute the integration of CSK. After opening 190 stores in 2007, we have reduced our new store openings in 2008 to 150 and expect to open another 150 new stores in 2009. To support this new store growth, we opened the Lubbock, Texas DC in 2008, which is also being leveraged to support acquired CSK stores in El Paso and New Mexico, and we will open the Greensboro, North Carolina DC in 2009 to continue our expansion into the Mid-Atlantic states.
As we look forward to 2009, it appears the strong economic headwinds we are currently experiencing will not soon abate; however, we remain excited about the potential to significantly enhance the performance of the acquired CSK stores, and we remain confident in our ability to continue to gain market share in our existing markets by focusing on the core O’Reilly values of customer service and expense control.
   GREG HENSLEE
Chief Executive Officer and Co-President
Sincerely,
TED WISE
Chief Operating Officer and Co-President
TOM MCFALL
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
  EXPERIENCED MANAGEMENT TEAM
Our executive management team has more than 190 years of combined experience
in the automotive aftermarket industry. Their goal is to continue to strengthen the power of the O’Reilly brand by building on the proven results and business model we started with our first store in 1957.
Seated: Greg Henslee, David O’Reilly, Ted Wise; Standing: Jeff Shaw, Greg Johnson, Mike Swearengin, Tom McFall
O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE 2008 ANNUAL REPORT PG.3
