 Letter to ShArehoLderS
 We are pleased to report another year of record profits and earnings per share to our shareholders. The O’Reilly Culture of honesty, hard work, professionalism and excellent customer service has been our foundation since the Company began in 1957 and remains the backbone of the strong and dynamic Company we are today. Our continued success is the result of the contributions of our 47,000 team members who embrace our Culture and execute our proven business model every day. This business model consists of providing a higher level of service than our competition and focusing on both
Our Merchandise Department uses finely tuned processes to make sure each and every O’Reilly store is stocked with a complete line of parts to meet our customer’s need. From appearance chemicals to hard-to-find parts to paint, our Team Members make sure we have the best coverage in the business so we can always be our customers’ First Call.
do-it-yourself and professional service provider customers – our Dual Market Strategy. Our Dual Market Strategy enables us to provide superior returns to our shareholders by profitably growing market share in our existing markets and by entering new markets through new store growth and strategic acquisitions.
growing mArket shAre in existing mArkets
We achieved exceptionally strong, profitable growth in our existing markets during 2010, highlighted by a comparable store sales increase of 8.8% and a 250 basis point increase in adjusted operating margin to 13.6%. This adjusted operating margin represents a record for O’Reilly, surpassing the previous mark of 12.4% set in 2006, prior to our acquisition of CSK Auto Corporation. We realized strong market share growth and increased profitability across all of our markets. Our core O’Reilly stores continue to gain market share by providing excellent customer service and offering the best parts availability in the industry. The consistent execution of our Dual Market Strategy, coupled with our intense ongoing focus on expense control, resulted in significant increases in operating leverage at these core stores. At the acquired CSK stores, we continue to make strong strides in gaining market share by implementing our Dual Market Strategy. Increased comparable store sales, combined with tight expense control, leveraged fixed costs and resulted in improved operating margin performance at the acquired CSK stores in
2010. Even though we have made progress since the acquisition, we continue to have significant opportunities for continued sales growth and improved profitability in our acquired CSK markets as we fully execute our proven Dual Market Strategy in the coming years.
In addition to our solid execution, the macro-external factors of miles driven and the continued increase in the age of the vehicle population provided tailwinds for the automotive aftermarket. The stabilization of the economy and relatively consistent gas prices led to a modest increase in annual miles driven in the U.S. during the year, a factor which positively impacts demand for the products we sell. However, the improvement in miles driven was less than one percent, and we do not anticipate a return to strong year-over-year growth in miles driven until the rate of unemployment in the U.S. significantly decreases and lost commuter miles return. The age of vehicles continues to increase as consumers make the choice of maintaining their existing vehicle and defer purchasing new vehicles. As consumers have increased the length of time they expect to keep their current vehicles, they have placed a higher emphasis on better maintenance, and this emphasis has been positive for the aftermarket as a whole. We believe that as consumers better maintain their existing vehicles, they will determine it is much more economical to keep their vehicles longer. The continuing trend of the aging vehicle fleet is due in large part to the better quality of vehicles produced over
  O’Reilly AutOmOtive 2010 AnnuAl RepORt pAge 2

operAting income
sAme-store sAles
(Percentage Increase)
eArnings per shAre
(Assuming Dilution)
2.23
1.67
1.48
‘06 ‘07 ‘08 ‘09 ‘10 ‘06 ‘07 ‘08 ‘09 ‘10 ‘06 ‘07 ‘08 ‘09 ‘10
(In Millions)
336
713
8.8
2.95
        538
   4.6
1.55
     282
305
3.3
3.7
  1.5
 the past ten years. We believe the age
of vehicles on the road will continue to increase as consumers gain confidence in the road worthiness of vehicles at higher mileages. This continued aging of the light vehicle fleet will mean vehicles will go through more routine maintenance cycles on a go-forward basis, which will continue to be a tailwind for the automotive aftermarket.
new store growth
We opened 149 net, new stores in 2010 and we continue to see great opportunities for strong and profitable new store growth in the future. The fragmented nature of the automotive aftermarket, combined with the advantage of scale of a large chain, makes ongoing new store growth an attractive capital investment for our Company. With the completion of our distribution infra- structure expansion in our western markets during 2010, we now have the growth capacity to open 650 new stores within our existing distribution infrastructure
with each DC having new store growth capacity. We plan to open 170 new stores in 2011 and, in the years following, we would anticipate increasing our annual new store openings to capitalize on the attractive opportunities we see in all of
the markets we serve.
integrAtion of Acquired pArts stores
Our 2008 acquisition of 1,342 CSK stores represented a significant commitment to expanding our brand throughout the Western U.S. The primary motivation for the acquisition was to increase the scale
of our business in attractive west coast markets by acquiring an existing chain that complemented our geographic footprint. The acquisition gave us the opportunity to improve the underperforming CSK stores, to reduce our consolidated product acquisition costs and to realize operating expense efficiencies. We designed the integration plan for the acquired CSK stores as a multiyear, multiphase project. During 2010, we achieved several key milestones in the integration process, which are identified below:
Completion of the Distribution Center Build-Out. In 2010, we opened new DCs in Southern California; Denver; and Salt Lake City. In addition, we relocated CSK’s existing northern California DC to a larger facility and converted the existing Phoenix DC to O’Reilly systems. These DCs, along with the Seattle DC, which opened in 2009, and the Detroit DC, which converted to O’Reilly systems in 2009, now allow us to service all stores five nights a week. Completion of this robust distribution network expansion was a major milestone in the integration plan, as it is a critical tool in the imple- mentation of our Dual Market Strategy.
Conversion of Store Point of Sale Systems. Coinciding with the completion of the distribution infrastructure expansion, the store POS system conversion was completed. The O’Reilly POS system provides key tools for our store teams
to utilize in executing our Dual Market Strategy. The O’Reilly POS system
provides better controls for operations management to improve gross margins, reduce inventory shrink and maximize Team Member productivity.
Fully Aligned Product Offering. During 2009, we completed the alignment of the hard part product lines in the acquired CSK stores, and in 2010, we completed the alignment of the front room categories. With all of the product offerings aligned and the DC and POS systems installed chain-wide, we are positioned to bring all of our industry leading, store specific inventory tools to bear and refine the product mix in the acquired stores.
Front End and Sign Conversions.
Through the end of the year, we have converted 51% of the acquired stores front ends to O’Reilly graphics and signage and 63% of the exterior signs to O’Reilly. We will complete all of the conversions by mid-2011, which will allow us to end our co-branding strategy and focus entirely on building the O’Reilly Brand.
While the physical conversion of the acquired CSK stores nears completion, we are still targeting significant operational enhancements to bring the execution and results of the acquired stores up to our expectations. The key areas of focus are identified below:
Developing Store Operations Leadership.
Our Dual Market Strategy requires our store managers to operate as entrepreneurs.
      O’Reilly AutOmOtive 2010 AnnuAl RepORt pAge 3

  In addition to providing great service to our retail customers, store managers are responsible for building and maintaining strong relationships with commercial customers. We will continue to focus
on improving our most important assets, our Team Members, through ongoing training and mentoring.
Improving the Technical Skills of Store Team Members. We are focused on selling hard parts, which we believe is a very sustainable business. This focus requires store teams that have a very strong technical knowledge of automo- tive repair and can provide superior service to both our Commercial and DIY customers. We will continue to focus on improving our store teams’ technical skills through training and the addition of strategic hires.
Developing Relationships with Commercial Shops. With our DC network now in place, the store POS systems converted and with our store teams improving daily, we are now in position to aggressively grow the commercial business in the acquired markets. This will be a multiyear process as we prove to the Commercial customer base that we have excellent parts availability, technical proficiency, specialized commercial programs, competitive prices and long-term commitment to the success of their business to be their First Call supplier. We are confident in our ability to execute our commercial strategy and have seen
good results since the acquisition; however, building these relationships and improving the performance to match our expectations will take time.
Increase Share of DIY Hard Parts Market.
Prior to our acquisition, CSK had shifted away from focusing on selling hard parts. We believe hard parts are a sustainable, profitable business, and we focus on these categories. We have added substantial hard parts inventories to the acquired stores, and we have adjusted prices to be competitive. We have a substantial opportunity to regain the DIY hard parts business CSK had lost over the years. Our retail advertising will focus on hard parts availability at competitive prices as we work hard to regain share in the DIY market on the West Coast.
looking forwArd to 2011
We remain confident in our ability to successfully execute our Dual Market Strategy in all of our markets. We are pleased with the progress we have made on the CSK integration to date, and we are excited about the prospects for significant market share gains in the Western U.S. in the next several years. With the system conversions complete, we are able to refocus significant resources from conversions to enhancing our industry- leading systems and programs.
We expect to make approximately $50 million of remaining capital invest- ments in the acquired CSK stores. As we complete these investments, and with the
experienced mAnAgement teAm
Strong and experienced leadership is one of O’Reilly’s greatest strengths. Our current executive management team brings more than 220 years of combined automotive aftermarket industry experience to our company.
Seated: Tom McFall, Ted Wise
Greg Henslee, David O’Reilly
Standing: Randy Johnson, Mike Swearengin, Greg Johnson, Jeff Shaw
improved operating performance of the chain, we are poised to generate significant positive cash flow in 2011 and beyond. We believe that the best use of this cash is to invest in new store growth and to continue to consolidate the industry. However, our growth will continue to be rational, and we will only open stores we believe will achieve our required return rates and we will continue to be opportu- nistic in our acquisitions. To the extent we generate free cash flow in the coming years, we will return excess cash to our shareholders by repurchasing shares in accordance with our Board-approved $500 million stock repurchase program.
We are very grateful for your continued support and are excited about the opportunities ahead as we remain focused on making O’Reilly Auto Parts the dominant supplier of auto parts in all of our markets.
greg henslee
Chief Executive Officer and Co-President
ted wise
Chief Operating Officer and Co-President
thomAs mcfAll
Chief Financial Officer
and Executive Vice President of Finance
       O’Reilly AutOmOtive 2010 AnnuAl RepORt pAge 4
