  Letter to Shareholders
    In 1957, Charles F. “C.F.” O’Reilly and his son, Charles H. “Chub” O’Reilly, along with 11 team members, opened the first O’Reilly Auto Parts store in Springfield, Missouri, and established the blueprint that has powered the growth of our company through 50 years and 1,830 new stores. The key elements of that blueprint haven’t really changed over the past 50 years since the opening of that first store. Team O’Reilly continues to be unwavering in its commitment by providing the best possible service to our customers and by working hard each and every day. At the center of our success are our people. Our financial success in 2007 reflect the thousands of daily interactions between our professional parts people and our customers. Our commitment to service means that we strive on a daily basis to make a connection with our customers by providing
the professional expertise that they expect and the parts availability that they need.
At the core of our customer service culture is the partnership that we form with our customers. Our experience over the past 50 years has provided ample evidence that the auto parts business is a relationship business. We work diligently to build these relationships with our professional installer customers who count on us to consistently provide them with industry-leading parts availability and technical expertise. We understand that our success is contingent on their success, so we focus on the key factors that make their businesses profitable. We maintain the best in-stock parts availability in the automotive aftermarket business, so that our professional installers can get the parts they need quickly and can maximize the efficiency and profitability of their shops. We recruit and train the best parts people because our customers expect a very high level of expertise ... the wrong part delivered to one of our professional installers means a repair job gets delayed and their customer is disappointed. So we focus on training through our e-learning system and hands-on mentoring of our store operations management.
Our focus on training and mentoring the best parts people in the business allows us to establish and maintain a strong
     Wisdom
comes with age – a glance at our 50-year journey.
1957
Chub O'Reilly and his father,
C.F. O'Reilly, made the decision to open O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. They began with a single store and 11 team members at 403 Sherman in Springfield, Mo.
  1958
After our first full year in business, sales totaled $700,000.
1961
Ozark Automotive Distributors was formed to specialize in wholesale distribution to independent auto parts stores.
1964
O’Reilly Automotive added its first branch store at Glenstone and Bennett in Springfield, Mo.
1

     2.5 2.0 1.5 1.0
.5
SALES
(in billions)
softened as our customers encountered significant financial pressures due to higher energy costs and the generally difficult economic conditions. In this challenging environment, Team O’Reilly remained dedicated to providing the best service
and value to our customers and achieved comparable store sales growth of 3.7%, which led our industry. In 2007, our team extended O’Reilly Auto Part’s track record of significant profitable growth through continued focus on exceptional customer service and expense control. We also added 190 new stores while delivering an operating margin of 12.1% and 7.7% earnings per share growth. We are pleased to have achieved total sales growth
of 10.5% while increasing inventory only 8.5%. We were able to grow sales at a rate greater than inventory due to continued leverage of our core competency in inventory management. Our focus on deploying the right inventory assortment in our stores has allowed us to reduce average inventory per store even as sales volume has grown.
We view the recent challenges in the macroeconomic environment to be temporary and continue to be very optimistic about
the long-term prospects for growth and profitability in our industry. Even during
the difficult economic conditions faced by consumers in 2007, the total number of miles driven in the United States remained stable. The total number of miles driven is one of the key factors that drives demand in the
     0
‘03 ‘04 ‘05 ‘06 ‘07
Our dual market strategy and 50 years of experience in providing industry-leading customer service resulted in a 10.5% increase in sales to $2.52 billion in 2007.
connection with our do-it-yourself customers. Do-it-yourself customers require more from their shopping experience than a cashier
at a register. They seek out our professional parts people and rely on their professional expertise. If you spend any time in one
of our stores, you quickly realize that the majority of our DIY sales are the culmination of a conversation at the counter where an O’Reilly team member works with the customer to get the right part to solve
their problem. We know that our success
in these individual encounters is the key to capturing our customer’s repeat business
and word-of-mouth business, which leads to increased share in our markets. We constantly focus on meeting the highest service standards to ensure customer satisfaction.
2007 was a year of challenges for O’Reilly Auto Parts and our customers. After a strong start to the year, the demand in our markets
      1974
With nine stores operating in southwest Missouri, we broke ground on a new 48,000 square-foot distribution center.
1978
Our “Dual Market Strategy” was born to maximize sales in the professional installer and DIY businesses.
1979
O’Reilly began enhanced advertising campaigns with the addition of our animated little red van, which helped make O’Reilly a household brand.
1980
O’Reilly held first Managers’ Conference at Kentwood Arms Hotel, Springfield, Mo.
2
1.5 1.7
2.0
2.3
2.5

     automotive aftermarket business. We are confident that the American consumer will adjust to economic pressures and that miles driven will be a positive contributor to demand over the long term. Over the past several years, the average age of the vehicle population in the United States, for both cars and light trucks, has seen significant increases. We expect that these increasing vehicle age trends will continue due to the higher quality level of the drive trains and key interior and exterior components in newer vehicles. These higher- mileage vehicles go through more routine maintenance and repair cycles and represent a significant driver of demand for our products.
We are uniquely positioned to capitalize on the growth of the automotive aftermarket industry because of our time-tested, dual-market strategy that is unmatched by
Our 14 distribution centers are staffed by over 3,300 dedicated team members who f ill over 400,000 orders each day. When a customer requests a hard-to-f ind part, it is immediately picked and delivered to the store within 24 hours.
any of our competitors. This core competency enables us to take advantage of growth in demand in both the DIY and the DIFM sides of our business and contributes to our consistent financial performance, particularly during these difficult economic conditions. Our ability to execute our dual-market strategy
is the result of over 50 years of experience and a sustained commitment to building relationships, by providing our customers with the best parts availability in the business through an expansive network of
14 distribution centers supported by over 100 master inventory stores. Our competitive advantage in distribution is amplified by our sophisticated inventory management systems that customize the product assortment stocked at each store based upon market demand and vehicle registration data. Our ability to equip our highly-trained professional parts people with timely access to the parts our customers need translates into consistent customer satisfaction and loyalty.
Building upon our proven dual-market strategy, we are planning to continue our aggressive growth in 2008 and have established a goal of opening 205 new stores. Store growth in 2008 will follow our strategy of concentrating new store openings in contiguous geographic markets, enabling us to quickly leverage our distribution, operating and advertising investment. In 2008, we will open our 15th distribution center in Lubbock, Texas, providing capacity for further growth
      1983
O’Reilly Automotive reaches its 25 anniversary with 37 stores in Missouri and the Ozarks.
1993
O’Reilly went public and began offering stock on the NASDAQ market under the symbol ORLY at $17.50 per share.
1993
O’Reilly opened our second distribution center in Kansas City, Mo.
1996
O’Reilly opened our 200th store in St. Joseph, Mo.
3

     Our co-founder, C.F. O’Reilly once said, “People do business with people they like”. Highly trained Parts Specialists offer industry leading customer service to each and every one of our customers.
in one of our stronghold markets. Acquisitions have historically been a key component of our growth, and we continue to view our company as a consolidator in the automotive aftermarket industry. We will not waver
from our commitment to profitable growth in our expansion strategy and will continue to exercise discipline in our selection of acquisition targets that fit our culture and return value to our shareholders. As each member of Team O’Reilly helps drive us on to achieving our sales goals, our customers and shareholders will reap the rewards of our continued success.
From the 11 team members who joined our founders to open the first O’Reilly Auto Parts store in 1957 to the 23,576 team members who staff our 1,830 stores,
14 distribution centers and corporate
offices today, the culture at Team O’Reilly has truly been the foundation that has always set our company apart and allowed us to become the dominant auto parts supplier
in the markets we serve. We understand
that “culture” or “core values” is a popular
and even overused conversation point for many companies. Our culture goes beyond
a catchy corporate slogan ... it is reflected
in the daily activities of each of our team members. We understand the importance
of our culture and the impact it has had
on our 50 years as a company, and our top priority is perpetuating our culture values which have been such a meaningful contributor to our success.
On behalf of Team O’Reilly, we want to express appreciation to our valued customers and shareholders. We are extremely excited about the outlook for O’Reilly Auto Parts and pledge to be the dominant auto parts supplier in our markets.
       DAVID O’REILLY
Chairman of the Board
GREG HENSLEE
Chief Executive Officer and Co-President
TED WISE
Chief Operating Officer and Co-President
TOM MCFALL
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
     1998
O’Reilly merged with Hi/LO Auto Supply, adding 182 stores in Texas and Louisiana, as well as a distribution center in Houston, Texas. This merger increased our total store count to 491 stores.
2001
O’Reilly acquired Mid-State Automotive Distributors, ending 2001 with 875 stores, 12,676 team members and over $1 billion in sales.
2005
O’Reilly reached $2 billion in sales and purchased Midwest Automotive Distributors, Inc., adding 71 stores in Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wisconsin and Wyoming, and DCs in St. Paul, Minn. and Billings, Mont.
2007
Team O’Reilly celebrated 50 years in the auto parts industry with 1,830 stores, 23,576 team members and over $2.5 billion in sales.
                             4
