LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
We are pleased to deliver another year of record profits and earnings per share to our shareholders. Our continued success was the result of the contributions of our 45,000 team members who embrace our culture and execute our proven business model every day. The O’Reilly Culture of honesty, hard work, professionalism and excellent customer service has been our foundation since the Company began in 1957 and remains the backbone of the strong and dynamic Company we are today. Our goal is to profitably grow our market share in existing markets and enter new markets via new store growth and acquisitions. We accomplish this growth by providing a higher level of service than our competitors to both the installer and do-it- yourself markets (our Dual Market Strategy). In 2009, we successfully executed our strategy by growing market share in the historic O’Reilly stores, aggressively opening new stores and continuing the successful integration our 2008 acquisition of CSK Auto Corporation.
Growing Market Share in Existing Markets
When we purchased CSK in 2008, many were concerned that the acquisition would cause a loss of focus in our existing markets. In 2009, the core O’Reilly stores proved this concern was misplaced by generating a 6.7% comparable store sales increase. This strong performance was driven by both internal and external factors. The store and DC operational teams in historic O’Reilly markets, which in large part have not been involved in the integration of CSK, have continued to successfully execute our Dual Market Strategy and represent the driving force behind the strong comparable store sales. From an external standpoint, the aftermarket auto parts industry benefited from the historically low new car and truck sales and a shift in consumer behavior toward being more proactive in repairing and maintaining their existing cars. We anticipate that
consumers will continue to retain their cars at higher mileages and will be more willing to invest in maintaining their vehicles as they find that the engineering improvements in cars built in the past ten years enables cars to be reliable at much higher mileages. With current forecasts predicting that the economy and jobs market will recover slowly, we continue to see the macroeconomic environment as a positive tailwind throughout 2010 and beyond.
New Store Growth
We opened 150 new stores in 2009 and continue to see great opportunity for profitable new store growth. The fragmented nature of the automotive aftermarket combined with the advantage of scale of a large chain makes new store growth an attractive capital investment for our Company. As part of our strategy to build our store base in contiguous geographic regions, our new store openings in 2009 were principally in the markets serviced by our newer distribution centers (DCs). In 2010, we again plan to open 150 stores. While new stores continue to offer an attractive return on invested capital, our 2010 target is below our historic new store opening rate because we believe our capital investments are best deployed on the conversions and enhancements that will drive results in the acquired CSK stores. Beyond 2010, we anticipate increasing our annual new store openings to capitalize on the attractive opportunities we see in both the markets within the distribution reach of the historic O’Reilly footprint as well as CSK markets which will have enhanced distribution capacity for significant growth.
Acquisition of Existing Parts Store Chains
Our 2008 acquisition of 1,342 CSK stores represented a huge commitment to expanding our brand. The motivation behind the
3
O’Reilly Automotive 2009 Annual Report
  Comparison of Five-Year Cumulative Return
100
169
   O’Reilly Auto Parts
Standard and Poor’s S&P 500 NASDAQ Retail Trade Stocks NASDAQ US Market
97
102
 84
   ‘04 ‘05 ‘06
‘07 ‘08 ‘09

acquisition was to increase the scale of our business in attractive west coast markets by purchasing a chain that complemented the existing O’Reilly geographic footprint, giving us the opportunity to improve the underperforming CSK stores, drive down product acquisition costs and realize operating expense efficiencies.
On the synergy front, we have exceeded our expectations. Initially, we anticipated $100 million of annual synergies comprised of $25 million of operating expense synergies and $75 million of product acquisition synergies. We are on target to realize the $25 million of annual operating expense synergies starting in 2011 when we are fully off the legacy CSK systems, although a large portion of those annual synergies will be realized in 2010. We have exceeded our product acquisition synergy expectations and anticipate achieving annual run rate savings of $90 million beginning in 2010.
Prior to our purchase in 2008, CSK’s performance had struggled for many years due to the chain being under-managed and under- capitalized. We view the keys to maximizing the performance at the acquired stores as falling into two main categories: Culture and Parts Availability. Measuring the impact of a strong corporate culture is impossible, but it was obvious to us that the acquired stores needed better support and direction. Fully instilling the O’Reilly Culture will be a process that takes several years, but a clear indication of its power is the positive comparable store sales generated by the acquired CSK stores in every full quarter since the acquisition - even in the several quarters before we were able to enhance the parts availability in the stores.
Measuring the progress of our Parts Availability initiatives is a much more tangible item and falls into two main categories: Store Stocking Levels and Distribution Capabilities. At the time of our acquisition, the average CSK store contained 13,000 stock-keeping units (skus), many of which were non-core automotive items, while a typical O’Reilly store carries 22,000 skus heavily focused on hard parts. By the end of 2009, all of the acquired stores’ hard-parts
inventories had been reset to align with historic O’Reilly levels and the non-core items had been largely removed from the stores.
A robust Distribution Capability is a cornerstone of the O’Reilly Dual Market Strategy. Same-day or five night a week access to a deep selection of hard-to-find hard parts is critical to being a successful supplier to professional installer customers. Prior to the acquisition, CSK stores received warehouse shipments once a week which helps explain why only 10% of their sales mix was to installers. Growing the installer business closer to the historic O’Reilly 50/50 mix requires a much more robust distribution network. Based on store density and geography, we identified four locations where new distribution centers were needed to execute our Dual Market Strategy allowing us to deeply penetrate the installer market. As these new DCs come on-line and provide same-day or five night a week delivery to the stores they support, our ability to grow the installer business increases substantially - the ramp up of the comparable store sales of the stores converted to our distribution network to date demonstrates the significant opportunity.
Looking forward to 2010, we remain confident in our ability to successfully execute our business model in all of our markets. We are pleased with the progress we have made on the CSK integration, and we are excited about the prospects for significant market share gains in the Western United States as we complete the majority of the remaining integration work in 2010. We are very grateful for your continued support and are excited about the opportunities ahead as we remain focused on making O’Reilly the dominant supplier of auto parts in all of our markets.
4
O’Reilly Automotive 2009 Annual Report
    Greg Henslee
Chief Executive Officer and Co-President
Sincerely, Ted Wise
Chief Operating Officer and Co-President
Tom McFall
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
  Experienced Management Team
O’Reilly has a long history of strong leadership. Our current executive management team brings more than 195 years of combined automotive aftermarket industry experience to work for the company. Their goal this year has been the successful conversion of former CSK stores and the expansion of our distribution network.
Seated: Ted Wise, David O’Reilly
Standing: Tom McFall, Mike Swearengin, Jeff Shaw, Greg Johnson, Greg Henslee
