 ROBERT G. BOHN
Chairman, President and CEO
2
 
 Oshkosh is a company on the move. It shows in our performance and is proven by our numbers. We continue to face the challenges of a weak economy with sound business strategies, expand our international presence with effective integration of acquisitions, and lead our markets with technological innovation we believe few others can match. You can feel the rumble of Oshkosh as we move forward.
In the wake of another weak year for U.S. and European commercial markets, Oshkosh delivered a solid financial performance in fiscal 2002. Revenues reached $1.74 billion, a 20.6 percent increase over fiscal 2001, while net income grew 17.2% to $59.6 million, aided by the elimination of goodwill amortization. As a result, earnings per share were $3.45 compared to $2.98 last year.
In these difficult economic conditions, cash is paramount. We paid down $209.3 million of debt by year-end, eliminating
Geesink Norba acquisition debt in less than one year and bringing our debt-to-capital ratio down to 26.8%. Throughout the year, we focused on deleveraging our balance sheet to create the financial flexibility to continue our diversification strategy.
MOVE TO NYSE
We’re very excited about our move to the Big Board in July and believe it brings the benefits of increased liquidity and reduced trading costs to our shareholders.
This move heralds Oshkosh’s emerging position as a global leader in the manufacture and design of commercial and military trucks and truck bodies. We believe that the global focus of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) gives Oshkosh the opportunity to widen its potential investor base by increasing its visibility in both domestic and international markets.
3
On July 12, 2002, Robert G. Bohn, board members and company executives rang the
SM
Opening Bell to begin
that day’s trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
 
 THE RIGHT ROAD
Corporate governance has been an area of concern for the investment community since the beginning of the year. As a company that has always held the highest standards of integrity, we welcome the increased scrutiny. In recent years, we have substantially strengthened our Board of Directors with senior executives from the most respected companies in the U.S. We formed a governance committee in 1998. Our audit committee maintains active oversight of our strong financial reporting practices, and we amended our audit committee charter in November 2002 to incorporate new regulatory requirements. We have signed the appropriate certifications that the SEC required, and in doing so, we took measures beyond our normal, thorough due diligence and audit procedures.
Oshkosh has always followed rigorous closing, forecasting and disclosure processes. We also maintain a commitment to full and fair disclosure as evidenced by our quarterly estimates of sales, earnings and debt.
While we fully support recent legislative and regulatory initiatives, we strongly believe doing the right thing must simply be the obvious, natural choice of all corporate managers. That is the culture we’ve created at Oshkosh Truck.
SUPPORTING FDNY
It is our passion and our honor to serve this nation’s fire fighters. In the wake of the losses suffered by the Fire Department of New York during the September 11 attacks, we were inspired to donate a custom-built rescue truck, helping these brave men and women the best way we can.
At the Fire Department Instructors Conference in Indianapolis, Ind., Pierce Manufacturing and its employees donated
a rescue vehicle to the Fire Department of New York (“FDNY”).
4
 
 Oshkosh continues the integration
of the Geesink Norba Group, working to maximize production efficiencies and profitability, and reposition
the company as a single-source supplier to the European refuse market.
SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES
Our refuse business performed well this year. We believe McNeilus took the lead in the U.S. refuse market, with market share gains being driven by new product development, excellent customer service, and orders from major haulers.
This has proven to be a year of dramatic change for the Geesink Norba Group. They have repositioned themselves as a single- source for waste management solutions in major European markets. Formerly sold primarily in Scandinavia, the Norba brand is now marketed throughout Europe alongside Geesink products.
Although the European market went into a recession shortly after we purchased the Geesink Norba Group, we took the opportunity to right-size the business, install new principles in operational efficiency and accelerate the pace of new product development. The restructuring of production processes reduced employment levels by 11%. I expect these actions will bring bottom-line benefits in fiscal 2003.
5
The new StreetForceTM line of refuse vehicles from McNeilus is a strong example of how the company is using its new product development strategy to help increase sales and market share.
 
 EXPANDING DEFENSE
We are currently competing for three major defense contracts – the U.S. Army’s Family of Medium Tactical Vehicle (“FMTV”) Competitive Rebuy program, the U.K. Ministry of Defence’s (“MoD”) Wheeled Tanker program and the MoD’s Cargo Support Vehicle program. Combined, these contracts represent over $3.0 billion in potential defense truck business over the course of the next 12 years.
We submitted our proposal for the FMTV contract on November 18, 2002, after successfully completing operational testing of our prototype units. In March 2003, we expect to hear the award decision for this five-year contract valued at more than $1.0 billion.
Oshkosh is currently competing for major military vehicle programs in the U.S., U.K. and other allied nations, including contracts for the U.S. Army’s FMTV (right) and the U.K. Wheeled Tanker (below).
The MoD is scheduled to reach a decision on the Wheeled Tanker program early in fiscal 2003. We expect the decision on the Cargo Support Vehicle program late in fiscal 2003. Oshkosh has been competing for this business for several years. Our MoD proposals are largely based on the MTVR chassis platform, again demonstrating the versatility of this model to meet varying mission profiles.
Central to our U.K. proposals is the intent to manufacture a majority of the vehicles at our Llantrisant location, near Cardiff, Wales. We would expand our facilities and create as many as 400 new jobs to support these programs, using that facility as a base for additional commercial expansion in other European markets as well.
6
 
 FOCUSED ON TECHNOLOGY
Leadership in technology and product development has been a main driver of our past success, and continues to be a vital foundation for our future. In fiscal 2002, investments in research and development rose 24.8% to $17.9 million corporate-wide. Most notably, we introduced the RevolutionTM composite concrete mixer drum, a new StreetForce line of refuse bodies and a new wildland fire truck, the Hawk ExtremeTM, that contribute to our leadership positions in those markets.
The Revolution mixer is integral to our long-term growth strategy. By the end of fiscal 2003, Oshkosh plans to have a U.S. plant operational at high rate production for sales beginning in fiscal 2004. In fiscal 2005 and 2006, we expect to introduce this technology to Europe and Asia.
FORGING THE FUTURE
Before closing, I would like to thank Daniel T. Carroll for the 11 years of service he has given to our Board of Directors and wish him the best in his retirement, which will begin at our annual shareholders’ meeting in February 2003. He served as chairman of the Board during truly formative years for this corporation. His counsel was invaluable to Oshkosh’s success. Dan is a man of outstanding character and vision, and his presence will be missed.
As we look to fiscal 2003, Oshkosh will redouble its efforts to manage costs, expenses and working capital. We will work diligently to meet our performance target of 10% organic sales growth augmented by acquisitions. We are targeting consolidated operating income margins of 8% by fiscal 2004. Because of the impact of poor economies, this projection is a year behind our original target date. We expect to leverage our strong financial flexibility and use free cash flow to fund acquisitions and pay down debt.
We believe that few diversified industrial manufacturers have the core capabilities of Oshkosh. We have some of the brightest and most experienced people in the industry. And we are well prepared to develop new products, open new markets and face whatever challenges are put before us.
We can feel the rumble of Oshkosh on the move.
ROBERT G. BOHN
Chairman, President and CEO December 9, 2002
 The Hawk Extreme is just one example of Oshkosh’s ability to integrate technology from multiple business segments to develop new products that meet customer needs.
7
 