   NET SALES
AND PERCENT GROWTH (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
2003
2002
2001
OPERATING INCOME
   $1,926.0 (10%)
$1,743.6 (21%)
$1,445.3 (9%)
AND PERCENT GROWTH (DOLLARS IN MILLIONS)
2003
2002
2001
EPS
AND PERCENT GROWTH
2003
2002
2001
$129.2 (16%)
$111.1 (13%)
   $98.3 (0%)
$1.72 (15%)
$1.49 (3%*)
$2.16 (26%)
        SUMMARY FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS(1) OSHKOSH TRUCK CORPORATION
SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA. FISCAL YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30 (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
2001
NET SALES $1,445,293
OPERATING INCOME 98,296
NET INCOME (2) (3) 50,864 PER SHARE ASSUMING DILUTION (2) (3) 1.49
TOTAL ASSETS (6) (7) 1,089,268 NET WORKING CAPITAL (DEFICIT) (6) (7) 123,949 LONG-TERM DEBT (INCLUDING CURRENT MATURITIES) (6) 294,080 SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY 347,026 BOOK VALUE PER SHARE 10.38 BACKLOG 799,000
(1) All references to per share amounts have been restated to reflect the two-for-one split of the Company's Common Stock in the form of a 100 percent stock dividend effected on August 13, 2003.
2002(4) $1,743,592
111,118
59,598 1.72
1,024,329 33,964 149,958 409,760 12.06 908,000
2003(5)
$1,926,010 129,199
75,620 2.16
1,083,132 (1,436)
1,735 518,863 14.88 1,205,000
*Before discontinued operations
    (2) Fiscal 2003 includes a $3,945 after-tax charge ($0.11 per share) related to the early retirement of debt and includes a $3,400 reduction ($0.10 per share) in income tax expense and corresponding increase in net income related to the settlement of certain income tax audits.
(3) Fiscal 2001 includes a $1,727 one-time foreign currency transaction gain ($0.05 per share) in connection with euros acquired prior to the purchase of the Geesink Norba Group and includes a $1,400 reduction ($0.04 per share) in income tax expense related to the settlement of certain income tax audits.
(4) Fiscal 2002 includes a $1,658 cumulative catch-up adjustment ($1,044 net of tax or $0.03 per share) to increase the overall margin percentage on the Medium Tactical Vehicle Replacement ("MTVR") contract relating to prior year revenues.
(5) Fiscal 2003 includes a $5,717 cumulative catch-up adjustment ($3,602 net of tax or $0.10 per share) to increase the overall margin percentage on the MTVR contract.
(6) On September 19, 2003, the Company prepaid $100,000 of term debt from borrowings under its bank facility and from available cash. In 2002, the Company prepaid $132,250 of term debt from cash generated from operating activities, including a $86,300 performance-based payment received on September 30, 2002 under one of the Company's defense contracts.
(7) On October 30, 2000, the Company acquired for cash all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Medtec Ambulance Corporation. On March 6, 2001, the Company purchased certain assets from TEMCO. On July 25, 2001, the Company acquired for cash all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Geesink Norba Group. The acquisitions were financed from available cash or borrowings under the Company's bank facility. See Note 4 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Robert G. Bohn
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Oshkosh Truck Corporation
 STRAIGHT. TALK.
This is a company built on character and content. We’re a straightforward team, and we manage this company conservatively. We tell it like it is. No holds barred. No punches pulled. Frankly, we wouldn’t have it any other way. And when you look at our performance over the past five years – a record of sales, EPS and shareholder value gains few industrial companies can match – it’s easy to see why we maintain this approach to business.
Our results have been strong in a down market. Our principles have kept us on a straight course, moving forward throughout fiscal 2003.

BUSINESS OVERVIEW
DEFENSE FIRE AND EMERGENCY COMMERCIAL REFUSE HAULING COMMERCIAL CONCRETE PLACEMENT
 PRODUCTS
Heavy Expanded Mobility Tactical Trucks (“HEMTT”); HEMTT- Load Handling System (“LHS”); Palletized Load System (“PLS”) trucks and trailers; Logistic Vehicle Systems (“LVS”); Heavy Equipment Transporters (“HET”); Medium Tactical Vehicle Replacements (“MTVR”); Wheeled Tankers, Euro-tanker and cargo vehicles; HEMTT remanufacturing; worldwide integrated logistics support, including service, parts, training and manuals
Custom chassis: Contender®, Saber®, Enforcer®, Dash®, Lance®, Quantum® and Arrow XTTM; custom pumpers; commercial pumpers; aerials–75' ladder, 105' ladder,
85' platform, 100' platform, 95' mid-mount platform, 95' mid-mount ladder; Sky Boom® telescoping waterway; Sky-Arm® articulating ladder platform; heavy, medium and light-duty rescues; ENCORE® rescues; Contender® Rescues; Hawk ExtremeTM
wildland vehicles; mobile command posts, bomb response vehicles, HAZ MAT response vehicles; elliptical tankers; pumper tankers; specialty fire apparatus; Type I, II, III and Additional Duty ambulances; T-Series and Striker® Aircraft Rescue and Fire Fighting (“ARFF”) vehicles; HB-Series snow blowers; P-Series plow trucks; MPT-Series municipal plow trucks; financing; aftermarket service; training
Refuse collection vehicle bodies: rear loaders–standard heavy-duty, Streetforce,TM Metro-Pak®, XC and tag axle; front loaders–AtlanticTM and Pacific® Series; side loaders–StreetforceTM manual-automated, automated and automated full-eject, and AutoReach® automated; roll-offs; mobile and stationary compactors; demountable containers and container handling equipment; waste transfer stations; financing; aftermarket service; all-make parts; training
Standard rear-discharge mixers: Bridgemaster® rear-discharge mixers; RevolutionTM mixer drum; sliding mixer systems; S-Series front-discharge mixers; central-mix, mobile and portable concrete batch plants; Highland® all-wheel-drive trucks; all-make parts; financing; aftermarket service; training
           BRANDS
                                       COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGES
•Comprehensive product line including air transportable models
•Strong brand recognized for superior performance, particularly in off-road environments
•Leading truck technologies, including TAK-4TM independent suspension, Command ZoneTM electronics and diagnostics, ProPulse® diesel-electric drive
•Worldwide, integrated logistics support •Extensive remanufacturing capabilities
•Single-source designer, manufacturer and financier of fire apparatus and ambulances
•Industry leading brand recognized for quality, safety and innovation
•Leading technologies, including Side Roll ProtectionTM system, HerculesTM
and Husky® foam systems, Command ZoneTM electronics, TAK-4TM independent suspension, ALL STEER® all-wheel steering
•Industry leading distribution and service network •Comprehensive product line for homeland security applications
•Global leader in refuse collection bodies
•Comprehensive product line offers low maintenance costs and high productivity •Extensive domestic and international direct sales and service network
•Shared technologies enhance opportunities in both domestic and international markets •Proprietary and all-make parts availability allows customers to service all-make fleets
•Leading brands with reputation for reliability and longevity
•RevolutionTM composite mixer drum offers unique profitability benefits to concrete producers
•Single-source designer, manufacturer and financier of concrete mixers, batch plants and all-make parts
•Large installed base for ongoing parts and service business •Nationwide service and distribution network
 INDUSTRY OUTLOOK
•Conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan increase U.S. military requirements for parts, service and remanufacturing
•Nature of modern conflict driving requirements for rapid deployability and off-road mobility
•Emerging interest in diesel-electric drive technology for improving fuel economy and reducing logistics footprint
•U.K. Ministry of Defence is in the midst of major fleet replacement initiative
•U.S. Army pursuing evolution of existing truck platform
•State and municipal budget crises continue to constrain municipal funding for fire apparatus
•2004 federal funding through Firefighters Assistance Grant Program approved at $750 million
•Emerging homeland security market with significant federal funding for states and municipalities
•Increasing integration of foam systems and electronics on apparatus
•State and municipal budget crises continue to constrain municipal funding for refuse collection •Per capita waste continues to rise on a global basis
•Privatization of waste collection is on the rise in the U.S. and Europe
•Automated refuse collection bodies are fastest growing market segment
•Limited landfill space creates greater distances for refuse to be hauled
•Stronger emissions regulations are spurring interest in alternative fuel and hybrid-electric drive vehicles
•Economic conditions are driving consolidation among refuse collection companies and prompting haulers to maximize route efficiency
•Total housing starts are expected to remain strong at 1.7 million units –
1
off only 5% from 2003’s surging pace
•By the end of 2004, nonresidential construction spending is expected
2
to become the growth leader
•Total U.S. construction spending expected to top $941 billion, up 4.3% over 2003
  YEAR IN REVIEW
•Oshkosh named to Forbes’ Platinum 400 List of Best Big Companies in America for third consecutive year
•The company retires $100 million in Senior Subordinated Notes early, reducing debt-to-capital ratio and enhancing flexibility for international acquisitions
•Oshkosh splits stock 2-for-1 and increases cash dividend rate by 33-1/3%
•Oshkosh is named Wisconsin Manufacturer of the Year in recognition of its overall manufacturing excellence, progressive quality improvements and commitment to new product development
2003 HIGHLIGHTS
•6,500 heavy- and medium-payload Oshkosh defense trucks provide logistics support to U.S. forces during Gulf conflict
•U.K. Ministry of Defence awards Oshkosh contract valued at approximately $241 million to produce 348 Wheeled Tankers
•New Oshkosh Heavy Equipment Transporters enter service in the U.K.
•Oshkosh loses U.S. Army’s Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles Program competition
•Pierce is the first to develop a Side Roll ProtectionTM System for fire trucks
•Pierce partners with LDV, a leader in mobile command post interiors, to provide integrated, customized apparatus for homeland security market
•Pierce debuts the new Arrow XTTM custom chassis, ideal for the rigors of high-run metropolitan and urban fire departments
•The first rear-mount rescue pumper from Pierce is launched •Medtec introduces new Additional Duty ambulance on GMC chassis
•McNeilus achieves ISO 9001:2000 certification for its facilities in Dodge Center, Minnesota
•McNeilus selected to provide majority of refuse bodies for Waste Management during next five years
•The Geesink Norba Group introduces a new generation of smooth-sided rear, side and front loaders to the European market
•Following extensive testing, Geesink Norba SmartPack® system found to enhance fuel economy by 20% for City of Berlin, Germany
•McNeilus achieves ISO 9001:2000 certification for its facilities in Dodge Center, Minnesota
•The new U.S. production facility for RevolutionTM mixer drums becomes operational
•Seven new productivity enhancing features are integrated into the entire McNeilus rear-discharge concrete mixer line
 1 2
National Association of Home Builders
Ed Sullivan, chief economist for the Portland Cement Association, Rock Products, July 1, 2003
     
More than 6,500 Oshkosh vehicles are in the Iraqi theater. The vehicles are being pushed to their limits but continue to exceed mission profiles.
 STRAIGHT. FORWARD.
At Oshkosh Truck, the principal measure of performance is our numbers. In fiscal 2003 Oshkosh Truck Corporation delivered $1.9 billion in sales and $2.16 EPS, which is up almost 26 percent year-over-year. We generated $129 million of operating income and our return on invested capital is up three full percentage points over fiscal 2002, at 14.5 percent. Once again, these results prove the value of our diversified business model, with each business contributing, despite notably soft municipal markets.
Acquisitions remain a strategic focus, and we believe our balance sheet is prepared to handle a sizeable acquisition. In fact, robust cash flow allowed us to retire $100 million in Senior Subordinated Notes in September 2003, before their 2008 maturity date. This early retirement provides added flexibility to our international acquisitions strategy and allows us to take advantage of the low interest rate environment. At the end of fiscal 2003, our debt level was just over $53 million, and our debt-to-capital ratio was 9.3 percent.
In recognition of the positive developments within our business during fiscal 2003, the Board of Directors approved a two-for-one stock split effective August 13, 2003. In addition, we also increased cash dividends by 33-1/3 percent.
The loss of the U.S. Army’s Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles program competition has left an indelible impression on this year and on this company. It gave us the opportunity to identify areas in which we needed to refocus and restructure, and we are making those changes. In addition, we have assessed our business model and our business practices. Both remain effective.
We are focused on the growth of Oshkosh Truck Corporation and on the continued creation of value for our customers, our shareholders and our employees. To accomplish this, we will continue to move in only one direction. Straight. Forward.

ProPulse Diesel-Electric Vehicle (top)
The U.K. Heavy Equipment Transporter (“HET”) (bottom)
The award of the U.K. Wheeled Tanker contract on March 31, 2003, solidified our position as an international defense vehicle manufacturer.
   STRAIGHT. ON TARGET.
The global defense market has changed considerably in the last 12 months. Overall, our defense business segment had a very good year. We enhanced sales and operating income by capitalizing on improved manufacturing cost performance, on-going heavy truck contracts, and parts revenues.
Conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq have drawn attention to the vital nature of logistics support. These actions illustrate the need for support vehicles with extreme off-road capabilities, and our customers have a greater demand for trucks that can keep pace with armor in the field.
More than 6,500 Oshkosh vehicles are in the Iraqi theater. The vehicles are being pushed to their limits but continue to exceed mission profiles. Oshkosh also actively supports forces with parts, maintenance and inspection services.
Parts order volume increased dramatically in the second half of fiscal 2003, attributable mostly to Operation Iraqi Freedom. In addition, the extensive, harsh duty that Oshkosh trucks have endured may lead (in the longer term) to new requirements – either for new equipment or remanufacturing – depending on funding.
The award of the U.K. Wheeled Tanker contract on March 31, 2003, solidified our position as an international defense vehicle manufacturer. Delivery of these units is scheduled to begin in February 2005. In addition, Oshkosh met the first service commencement date for the U.K. Heavy Equipment Transporter (“HET”) in July, giving the U.K. Ministry of Defence (“MoD”) strong evidence of our ability to deliver on time and on budget for major military contracts.
Oshkosh is one of four bidders for the MoD’s Support Vehicle program. The program for approximately 8,500 vehicles is valued at more than $2 billion over seven years. A preferred bidder is expected to be named in Spring 2004 with production beginning in 2007. If selected, Oshkosh would produce the entire contract in the United Kingdom.
Oshkosh is pursuing a wide range of international opportunities for our defense vehicles. We have also bid on the U.S. Marine Corps’ Logistics Vehicle System Replacement contract.
Vehicles with extreme off-road capabilities are critical to the success of modern military operations. We believe our trucks satisfy these demanding applications, particularly in harsh terrain. Our vehicles are built to keep forces moving straight on target.

Because traffic accidents are the second leading cause of fire fighter deaths in the United States, Pierce introduced a Side Roll Protection system to enhance fire fighter safety.
Medtec Additional Duty ambulance on new GMC chassis (top) Pierce Mobile Command Post (bottom)
   ADVANCED. PLANNING.
Leadership in technology and product development continues to be a main driver of our success in the fire and emergency industry. Fiscal 2003 has been another year in which our subsidiary, Pierce Manufacturing, demonstrated its ability to lead in these areas.
Because traffic accidents are the second leading cause of fire fighter deaths in the United States, Pierce introduced a Side Roll Protection system to enhance fire fighter safety. The system senses an imminent roll, and then automatically activates protection devices including seatbelt pretensioners and side air bags to help reduce head and neck injuries. Pierce was the first to integrate this system into fire apparatus. The response from fire departments has been exceptional.
New chassis and configurations continue to be a focus as Pierce competes in a sluggish municipal market. To address the duty requirements of high-run, metropolitan departments, Pierce introduced a rugged, custom fire chassis, the Arrow XT. Additionally, the Husky 10 foam system, released in October 2002, is quickly becoming Pierce’s most popular system.
Pierce is also well positioned to provide integrated solutions in types of apparatus for the emerging homeland security market. This market has significant federal funding behind it through the Department of Homeland Security.
In the ambulance market, Medtec introduced a new GMC chassis to its product line in Spring 2003, and the first ambulance with Command Zone electronics is in test.
Overall, Medtec increased order volume this year and increased its market share in a domestic market that was down, we believe, 10 to 15 percent.
Our airport and municipal products continue to exceed expectations in terms of sales and profitability. The Striker has become the best selling aircraft rescue and fire fighting (“ARFF”) truck on the market. And our snow removal products continue to prove their worth with snow-belt customers. This strength could act as a buffer against a slow municipal fire apparatus market.
There is no question our fire and emergency segment will be facing challenges in the coming year. However, we believe our planning and diversification within this market keep us poised for growth and will help us move to an even stronger position as a market leader.

Geesink Front-Loading Refuse Body (top) Geesink Side-Loading Refuse Body (bottom)
McNeilus is a leading supplier of refuse bodies to Waste Management, the largest commercial waste hauler in the world.
   FORWARD. PROGRESS.
Despite several challenges facing both the domestic and European refuse markets, McNeilus and the Geesink Norba Group made progress in fiscal 2003. Domestically, lower sales and production volumes in the higher-margin, body-only sales have impacted profitability throughout the year. To mitigate the impact, McNeilus launched strong spending control initiatives, and increased investment in new product development and fabrication equipment. With signs of renewed life in the economy, this positions McNeilus well for a future upswing in the market.
In Europe, we have seen a 15 percent contraction in the overall refuse market during this fiscal year, with the outlook soft for fiscal 2004. In response, the Geesink Norba Group initiated a small, but necessary, rightsizing
of their work force and focused on material cost reductions to help maintain profitability. Geesink is also moving toward a “shared service” concept, which optimizes branch operations and efficiencies.
The most significant developments within the refuse market include a major new program and three product introductions. Waste Management has selected McNeilus to supply the majority of its refuse bodies for the next five years. We are in the final stages of negotiating this new agreement with the largest commercial waste hauler in the world, and believe it will provide a critical base to grow refuse sales and minimize short-term sales risk in the domestic refuse market.
This year, McNeilus and the Geesink Norba Group embarked on a joint effort– sharing product engineering, material sourcing and production techniques – to develop
the GPM III. This smooth-bodied rear loader not only dramatically updates the Geesink product line, but also provides a common platform for future product development in Europe and the U.S. The Geesink Norba Group also introduced new front and side loaders, including many McNeilus-engineered features, to address these growing segments of the European market.
This is a competitive market. However, the accomplishments of fiscal 2003 have strengthened the market positions of McNeilus and the Geesink Norba Group. In doing so, we believe both are poised to take full advantage of improving economic conditions and help build the overall value of Oshkosh Truck Corporation.

We are now in the midst of the full-scale introduction of the Revolution mixer at a time when the concrete placement market appears to be on the mend.
McNeilus Batch Plant (top)
Oshkosh S-Series Front Discharge Mixer (bottom)
   RIGHT. ON COURSE.
Capital equipment purchases in the concrete placement market are closely tied to the economy and consumer confidence, and their decline has caused McNeilus and Oshkosh concrete placement sales to suffer during the past two years. However, we have maintained profitability, cut costs and built our parts business as we position ourselves for an economic rebound. We also pressed forward to achieve ISO 9001:2000 certification, meeting the worldwide standard for quality assurance systems at McNeilus.
We are now in the midst of the full-scale introduction of the Revolution mixer at a time when the concrete placement market appears to be on the mend. Our U.S. production facility is complete and fully operational. We will continue to increase the production rate throughout fiscal 2004. We expect fiscal 2004 sales volume to reach approximately 1,000 units. We are optimistic about the Revolution’s potential impact on the top and bottom lines of our concrete placement business and expect to see most of the contribution to earnings in the second half of fiscal 2004 and beyond.
McNeilus partnered with Trimble to be the first to factory install a fleet management system on concrete mixers. This combination of global positioning system technology, software and hardware helps automate
the delivery cycle. And in fiscal 2003, we introduced wireless radio controls for the mixer, electronic mixer proportioning controls and a larger hopper so mixers can be charged faster to help our customers work more efficiently, effectively reducing their costs.
Concrete producers measure performance in yards and seconds. Our innovative technologies, reliable products and exceptional service work together to enhance our customers’ profitability. This approach is how we expect to continue to grow this business in fiscal 2004 and beyond.

Oshkosh 8 x 8 Striker Aircraft Rescue and Fire Fighting Vehicle (top) Oshkosh H-Series Snow Blower (bottom)
New chassis and configurations continue to be a focus as Pierce competes in a challenging marketplace.
   STRAIGHT. FORWARD.
Fiscal 2003 has been a remarkable year for Oshkosh Truck Corporation. Our record financial results in the face of a sluggish economy can be credited to our diversified business model and strategic management approach. And, we believe it is evidence of a firm foundation for generating additional economic value for shareholders.
In keeping with our core strategy of innovation leadership, the pace of product development continued unabated, and our research and development spending increased by more than 25 percent. To put fiscal 2003 efforts into perspective, we introduced the first Side Roll Protection system in the fire service. We are in the midst of engineering a production-ready version of the first diesel-electric drive system for heavy trucks. And we launched three new refuse collection body designs.
Today, we are well positioned to undertake another significant acquisition and are actively pursuing options in complementary markets, both domestic and international. Once we find the optimal strategic fit in terms of market position, distribution, technology, and production capabilities, we will work to acquire that company. We are prepared to move quickly.
We believe several factors bode well for our performance in fiscal 2004. The emerging defense requirements from the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, a modest economic recovery, and the introduction of the Revolution mixer drum will help keep us moving straight forward.
The outlook for fiscal 2004 is positive, despite an estimated decline in consolidated sales to $1.885 billion – driven largely by continued weakness in municipal markets. Our net income target is $88.2 million, an increase of 16.6 percent.
As we look to the future, we expect the no-nonsense governing principles of this company will continue to serve it well. Strong vision, thought and integrity define our success. Innovation, quality and service drive market leadership. And a straightforward approach to business will continue to build value for our shareholders.
ROBERT G. BOHN
Chairman, President and CEO December 18, 2003
  