 5
 RAISING THE BAR AND CATAPULTING BEYOND IT
This is a dynamic time. Fiscal 2005 saw Oshkosh Truck achieve record financial performance. Our aggressive growth targets and conservative tactics for achieving them have been a driving force that is already fueling additional momentum. We are running strong and growing stronger.
The numbers you will review in this report tell a story that speaks for itself. We are reporting the best fiscal performance in the 88-year history of Oshkosh Truck Corporation. It was also the ninth consecutive year of improved financial results. However, this is not a time to pat ourselves on the proverbial back. Instead, it is a time to look at the numbers and realize we now have new records to break. Our attention focuses not on where we have been but on where we are going in 2006 and beyond.

DRIVING PROFITS AND SALES TO NEW RECORDS
When we talk about our fierce growth orientation, we mean it. We are getting it done. In fiscal 2005, we drove sales to nearly $3 billion, up more than 30 percent year-over-year. For the first year ever, our operating income margin reached nine percent as operating income grew 48.1 percent to $267.2 million, and net income climbed 42 percent to $160.2 million. Most impressively, our earnings per share growth of 38.9 percent, up from $1.57 to $2.18, capped a five-year period during which we have delivered a 194.6 percent total increase in earnings per share. At the close of business on September 30, 2005, our share price of $43.16 was up 51.3 percent in the last year and 345.5 percent over the last five years.
Additionally, we made several moves that we believe will benefit our shareholders long term. We transitioned to one class of common stock, giving all shareholders voting rights commensurate with share holdings. We also completed a two- for-one stock split – our third split – and we increased dividends by 54 percent in fiscal 2005.
Overall, our defense sector posted the strongest results, with operating income rising 64.4 percent. Fire and emergency quietly delivered an exceptional year as well, with operating income growth of 44.9 percent. The commercial business underperformed but showed signs of improvement late in the fiscal year.
Several factors contributed to our record performance, but none more than our disciplined approach to business. We plan strategically, always searching for big ideas. We act decisively and aggressively, making things happen rather than
waiting to see what happens. Specifically, five strategic areas impacted fiscal 2005 performance.
First, we were able to step up to the strong defense parts, service and remanufacturing requirements resulting from the heavy use of thousands of our trucks in Iraq.
Second, we drove market share gains in the fire and emergency business, particularly leveraging opportunities for homeland security vehicles.
Pierce offers a comprehensive product line for homeland security applications.
Third, we faced the challenges in our commercial segment aggressively throughout the year, though we were unable to overcome steel and component cost increases domestically and European profitability was delayed until the fourth quarter.
Fourth, we successfully integrated four acquisitions since July 2004, providing $15.4 million of operating income in fiscal 2005. These included JerrDan Corporation (“JerrDan”), Brescia Antincendi International S.r.l. (“BAI”), Concrete Equipment Company, Inc. (“CON-E-CO”) and London Machinery Inc. (“London”).
Fifth, our lean initiative took hold, contributing to strong cash flow from operations and cash of $127.5 million at year-end that can be used to continue our acquisitions strategy.
 
DEFENSE:
ENGINES ARE ROARING
Our defense sector, which led our 2005 performance with sales increasing 37.1 percent to $1.061 billion, entered 2006 in a strong position. Defense operating income increased 64.4 percent to $210.2 million in fiscal 2005. These results were fueled by parts and service sales that nearly doubled and continue to show a strong demand, as well as by a significant growth in remanufacturing and new truck sales. We have invested in the means to leverage this growth even further by purchasing a new remanufacturing facility.
The Oshkosh Medium Tactical Vehicle Replacement (“MTVR”) is a high-performance workhorse for the U.S. Marine Corps.
FIRE AND EMERGENCY:
RUNNING WIDE OPEN
With sales of $841.5 million, the fire and emergency business grew 40.3 percent in fiscal 2005. Operating income was up 44.9 percent to $79.6 million. This performance resulted from organic growth, strengthening markets and strategic acquisitions. Pierce continued to outpace the industry as it focused on homeland security opportunities and benefited from a healthy municipal market environment. Our recent acquisitions, JerrDan and BAI, performed as expected and should be excellent platforms for future growth.
COMMERCIAL:
CHARGING FORWARD
The commercial business underperformed our expectations in fiscal 2005. Although sales grew 19.7 percent to $1.086 billion, operating income declined by 31.6 percent to $23.8 million, due largely to unrecovered steel costs in the United States and an $8.6 million operating loss at the Geesink Norba Group in Europe.
Addressing the steel cost issue, we have increased prices by approximately 20 percent since 2003 for most of our U.S. product lines, well ahead of our competitors. At the Geesink Norba Group, we assigned a new management team, redesigned our newest refuse collection body and assigned the “lean” team to restructure operations in Emmeloord, The Netherlands. After taking a $3.7 million restructuring charge, we returned this operation to profitability in the fourth quarter.
Two acquisitions positively impacted the commercial business in fiscal 2005 as we successfully integrated CON-E-CO, a United States manufacturer of concrete batch plants, and London, a Canadian concrete mixer manufacturer. As we move through fiscal 2006, we intend to expand production capacity for batch plants to meet growing demand and leverage London’s outstanding service capabilities to enhance support for Canadian refuse- hauling customers.
Overall, we believe there are several reasons to be optimistic about the outlook for our commercial sector. We expect robust market conditions to continue in the U.S. into 2006 as a result of pre-buys before new engine emissions standards take effect in 2007. In Europe, we expect that our cost reduction initiatives will drive the Geesink Norba Group to modest profitability in fiscal 2006.
The commercial sector continues to present our greatest challenge, but market conditions, our lean initiative and our cost reduction teams give us reason to believe that it also presents a significant opportunity.
IN POSITION TO DRIVE
PERFORMANCE EVEN HIGHER
Our fiscal 2005 results may have been strong, but we recognize there is room to go further. Our long-term financial targets are both ambitious and realistic. We are aiming to achieve organic sales growth of 10 percent or more, and through acquisitions increase total sales by 15 percent or more annually. Other targets include a 10 percent consolidated operating income margin, 15 percent annual earnings per share growth and a return on invested capital of 15 percent or more.
 6
 
We have identified specific strategies to drive us toward these targets, and the first priority remains the turnaround of our commercial business. There is much work to be done and we are up to the challenge. As we seek to enhance margins and long-term shareholder returns, our most critical global initiative is our lean program, which has the potential to transform the corporation’s cost structure and capital requirements. Beyond that, we are focused on leading our segments in new product development, seeking intelligent and advantageous acquisitions and pursuing growth markets on a global scale, particularly in China.
Consistent investment in our products, people and infrastructure has positioned us well to capitalize on future opportunities. Growth in demand spurred investments of $32 million, spanning fiscal 2005 and 2006, for a dedicated defense remanufacturing facility, expansion of our product development center and a major expansion of the Pierce production facility.
No discussion of 2005 would be complete without recognizing Stephen Mosling’s contributions to the strategic direction and success of this organization. Steve began his career with Oshkosh Truck on the shop floor in 1965 and has been serving the corporation ever since. He championed continuous improvement and employee involvement within the corporation and has provided valuable guidance as a member of the Board of Directors. Steve will be retiring from the Board at the 2006 annual shareholders’ meeting.
As we head into 2006, Oshkosh Truck Corporation stands in a strong position with focused leadership, an outstanding and talented team that includes increased bench strength, a strong cash position and minimal leverage. We believe we have built a solid foundation on which to advance our position as a driving force in each of our markets.
ROBERT G. BOHN Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Oshkosh Truck Corporation
November 22, 2005
“ OUR RECORD-SETTING FISCAL 2005 PERFORMANCE CAN BE VIEWED AS A
CULMINATION OF THE
PAST OR AS A CATAPULT
TO THE FUTURE. WE CHOOSE THE LATTER.”
 In fiscal 2005, Oshkosh Truck broke ground on the expansion of its Engineering and Technology Center to support growing product development activities.
 7
