   Since 1997, we have built Oshkosh into a diversified industrial company that has nearly doubled revenues, more than tripled operating income and nearly quadrupled earnings per share.
The results of fiscal 2000 clearly illustrate the principle stated in Newton’s first law—a body in motion stays in motion. Yet, in the case of Oshkosh Truck Corporation, our forward motion does more than merely continue, it builds momentum. This year’s scorecard shows:
• Net income rose 56 percent to $48.5 million.
• Earnings per share grew 23.8 percent to $2.96.
• Operating income margins climbed to 7.4 percent, up from 6.5 percent last year.
• Return on invested capital increased to 13.3 percent.
Once again, Oshkosh has been recognized as one of the 100 fastest growing companies in the United States according to Fortune Magazine’s September 4, 2000, issue. We ranked 56th, up from the number 72 spot in 1999.
My fellow shareholders
 Robert G. Bohn
Chairman, President and CEO Oshkosh Truck Corporation
Oshkosh also became the first truck manufacturer to be
honored with the David Packard Award. This award is the Department of Defense’s highest recognition for acquisition excellence, and was given to Oshkosh Truck for its work with
the U.S. Army Tank Automotive and Armament Command and the U.S. Marine Corps on the Marine Corps’ Medium Tactical Vehicle Replacement (“MTVR”) program.
This year we also welcomed Donald V. Fites to our board of directors. As retired chairman and chief executive officer of Caterpillar Inc., his experience in international business and strategic management is extraordinary and vital to our long-term objectives.
While our businesses are diverse, our growth strategies are a common bond to sustaining strong financial performance. In 2000, we launched a barrage of innovative new products. We modernized, expanded and automated operations. We strengthened our distribution and completed an acquisition that secures a valuable, new area for growth.
Innovation Leads Our Charge

       Innovation fuels the engine of growth. That is why Oshkosh invested $14.1 million this year, up 30 percent from 1999, to fulfill its strategy of aggressive new product development.
The Environmental Protection Agency has established new, more stringent emission standards for heavy-duty engines and vehicles, beginning with the 2004 model year. Oshkosh is a step
Once again,
Oshkosh Truck has been recognized as one
of the 100 fastest growing companies
in the United States.
ahead with its development of ProPulseTM electric drive technology. This technology can improve fuel economy by up to 40 percent, reduce emissions and improve performance. Over the next two years, we will integrate this commercially viable system into Aircraft Rescue and Fire Fighting (“ARFF”) trucks and snow removal vehicles, and then expand its application to defense trucks and other fire apparatus.
  Photo: Robert Knudsen
Secretary of the Army Louis Caldera learns more about Oshkosh® ProPulseTM electric drive technology from Chris Yakes, Oshkosh’s chief project engineer.
Our development work goes hand in hand with our position as a founding member of the federal government’s 21st Century Truck Initiative, a research program between government and industry focusing on improving fuel economy, reducing air pollution and limiting dependence on petroleum-based fuels.
In the fire and emergency business, we continue to set the standard for the industry with innovative new apparatus and features. For example, in 2001, Oshkosh Truck will introduce a patented independent suspension system on Pierce’s best-selling chassis.
We expect to use the newest Pierce® products—the mid-mount platform and the mid-mount ladder—to expand aerial sales. Additionally, we’ll launch the first new Oshkosh® ARFF truck to hit the market in more than 15 years.
The new Pierce® mid-mount aerial platform.
  In our commercial business, the primary objective of new product development activities is enhanced productivity.
In 2000, the McNeilus® bridge-formula mixer enhancements, the new T-21 portable concrete batch plant and upgrades to the AutoReach® automated refuse hauler accomplished that goal.
 The new Oshkosh HighlandTM heavy-duty chassis.
For the 2001 model year, the new HighlandTM heavy-duty chassis is available for the ready-mix market and other vocational markets. The Highland combines a spacious and comfortable cab with a rugged all- wheel-drive chassis. It replaces the Oshkosh F-Series.
Oshkosh is moving into a new era of online customer service. We have developed an electronic parts ordering and invoicing system for the U.S. Marine Corps. We’re also using the Internet to streamline our supply chain, ensuring better use of working capital.
Our goal with new product development is clear—we continuously work to provide our customers with the very best in performance, safety and innovation for their unique tasks. In doing so, our products deliver value to our customers and shareholders.
[3]

  Growth Through
Acquisition Continues
With the addition of
Medtec Ambulance
Corporation in
October 2000, we
intend to expand the
string of successful acquisitions that
have diversified and strengthened our corporation. Medtec is a spearhead into the ambulance market, which we believe will grow faster than the GDP over the coming years. We expect this growth to be led by patient transport service shifting away from private providers toward municipal fire departments, and by the aging of the U.S. population.
Medtec offers a perfect complement to Pierce’s products and distribution in the fire and emergency market. We estimate that 80 percent of all fire department calls involve emergency medical service situations. We will strive to quickly transform Medtec’s regional distribution to a national and international platform, addressing the needs of fire department customers.
Our aggressive acquisitions strategy is central to our long-term growth targets. For 2001, we are committed to enhancing our core businesses by pursuing other acquisitions.
Distribution Builds Global Sales
International sales provided the strongest evidence of our strategy to optimize distribution across our businesses. In fiscal 2000, international sales increased by 98 percent
to 7.7 percent of total sales. Enhanced distribution helped deliver strong
refuse and concrete placement sales in South America.
We also dramatically expanded international defense sales with several major contracts in the Middle East.
Enhancements to our distribution system have already put us within reach of generating 10 percent of
sales from outside the United States, the target we established for 2001. Now we are setting our sights even higher, on a long-term target of 20 percent of sales. Joint ventures, acquisitions and expanded distribution will continue to play key roles in this growth.
In our domestic distribution systems, we expanded authorized service for our commercial customers. We added three, more capable sales organizations in the fire and emergency market, and we are now integrating Medtec’s distribution network. In addition, we continue to develop protocols to improve service, from long-distance diagnostics that help
fire departments get their trucks ready for the next call, to preventative maintenance programs in the refuse market that help alleviate the technician shortage faced by refuse haulers.
The Road Ahead
The momentum of Oshkosh Truck Corporation will not
be broken in 2001. We expect to increase sales to approximately $1.48 billion and improve operating margins by 0.5 percentage points. We will attack our working capital requirements with an eye toward improving our return on invested capital.
The MTVR contract is scheduled to begin full-rate production in fiscal 2001, fueling an estimated 49 percent increase in defense sales. In the first quarter of next fiscal year, we’re expanding the moving assembly line in Oshkosh from 31
to 51 stations to accommodate that growth. This builds the foundation to compete for the next Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles (“FMTV”) contract. We will invest heavily to win
that competition.
Oshkosh defense vehicles are used by
friendly foreign governments around the world.
Medtec is among the top names in ambulances.
  [4]
 
  The 100,000-square-foot Oshkosh plant expansion increases production for the MTVR contract.
1 National Association of Home Builders Economics Department; Updated October 12, 2000
2 Waste Age, October 2000, Page 28
3
EPA Environment Fact Sheet
[5]
     There is a renewed sense of urgency among our nation’s leaders to strengthen our military and increase readiness. We anticipate this trend will have a positive effect on U.S. defense spending over the next decade.
Municipalities hold considerable opportunities for McNeilus refuse products. Our goal is to have our customer profile reflect that of the overall refuse hauling market, in which public agencies dispose of approximately 40 percent of municipal solid waste.2
We see a trend toward automated collection. The McNeilus AutoReach automated side loader was enhanced this year to specifically address the demands of this growing market.
Curbside recycling is also on the rise in the United States. In 2000, 30 percent or more of waste is expected to be recycled.3 Infiscal2001,McNeilusplanstolaunchanew recycler to take full advantage of this trend.
Additionally, we expect 2001 will witness strong growth in the fire and emergency business. By next year, we intend to make Pierce’s Florida operations the fourth largest fire apparatus manufacturer in the United States.
Innovative new products will continue to address firefighters’ needs for advanced fire suppression capabilities and will fuel growth. Our margins should improve meaningfully as we recover from an enterprise resource planning software installation that impacted results during the first half of fiscal 2000.
Looking beyond 2001, we intend to keep Oshkosh Truck in motion. We are targeting 10 percent organic revenue growth annually, complemented by selective, strategic acquisitions. A critical focus for us will be continued improvement of our operating margins. We know we can do better and we will. We have the right products for international customers, and we continue to expand market penetration.
This body is in motion. Through our strategic approach to
new business development, diverse product lines, continued innovation and unwavering commitment to customer service, we are confident that we will deliver success in 2001 and beyond.
Robert G. Bohn
Chairman, President and CEO December 1, 2000
MTVR trucks are running smoothly down the Oshkosh production line.
We estimate concrete placement sales will be healthy in 2001, but we believe they will be down 8.0 percent to 10 percent from the record pace set in 2000. However, some economic indi- cators appear to be more positive. Single-family housing starts are predicted to dip only about 6.0 percent from 2000 rates.1 And, the Portland Cement Association is projecting relatively stable cement volumes—a drop of only 1.9 percent—in 2001.
ISO 9001 is the recognized international standard for quality assurance. Large multi-national customers tend to look for partners that are certified. The consolidation trend among our commercial customers has highlighted the importance of achieving ISO 9001 certification at McNeilus. In 1995, Oshkosh was one of the first heavy-truck manufacturers to achieve certification. Pierce followed in 1997. In 2001, McNeilus will begin pursuing ISO 9001 status to reflect the high levels of quality already in place.
Also, in the commercial segment, we expect refuse sales to increase by 8.0 percent to 10 percent next fiscal year. In the long term, there are four primary areas for refuse performance growth.
We expect the $8 million plant expansion and automation to improve refuse margins.
 