                Bold moves.
It was a year of transformative growth and outstanding financial performance for Oshkosh Truck Corporation. The biggest news was our December 2006 purchase of JLG Industries (JLG) for just over $3 billion. This significant acquisition practically doubled the CompanyÕs year-over-year revenues, from $3.4 billion in fiscal 2006 to a record $6.3 billion in fiscal 2007. JLG and its premium brands now comprise our newest and largest business segment: Access Equipment. Company-wide operating income was
a record $590 million, up 81% for the fiscal year, resulting in an operating income margin of 9.4%, nearly achieving our goal of 10% consolidated operating income margin. We also set new records with net income of $268 million and earnings per share (EPS) of $3.58.
The purchase of JLG immediately impacted our CompanyÕs scope and scale. Not only is JLG the worldÕs leading manufacturer of aerial work platforms and telehandlers, it also has an extensive network of sales and service centers across six continents. Bringing JLG into the family meets our criteria of smart growth through strategic acquisitions: businesses that complement existing product lines, quickly contribute to revenues and earnings and demonstrate leadership in their markets. The addition of this business provides critical mass and leverage in sourcing as well as logistics capabilities for a true competitive advantage. In fiscal 2007 alone, we achieved cost reduction synergies exceeding $20 million and we expect that number to climb to $75 million by fiscal 2009: powerful fuel for growing profitability.
ÒAdding JLG Industries to our business was a bold move that nearly doubled our revenues this year. It multiplies our prospects for the future and is a milestone in Oshkosh Truck history.Ó
Robert G. Bohn
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
         
Driving performance WeÕre proud of our growing global presence at Oshkosh Truck. But we never lose sight of our mission to drive shareholder value with a growing and profitable business. Through lean activities this year, weÕve improved our processes, our facilities, and our labor and manufacturing costs, thereby improving our competitive position. We continue to manage our balance sheet wisely, spending prudently and using free cash flow to pay down debt at an accelerated rate. In fiscal 2007, we paid down $257 million of debt used to finance the JLG acquisition. Our plans are to continue aggressively paying down debt with available free cash flow throughout fiscal 2008.
Access Equipment With sales of $2.5 billion for fiscal 2007, first-year results for our newest business segment are a landmark for future performance measures. Revenues were driven by strong global demand for aerial access equipment in thriving overseas commercial construction markets, in part a reflection of increased emphasis on construction site safety throughout Europe. Domestic markets were strong for aerial work platforms, but softer for our telehandler business. Our high expectations for this segment in fiscal 2008 are driven by continued strong international markets.
Defense Increased sales volume in our Defense segment reflects continuing strong requirements for logistics and troop protection. Sales increased 8% to $1.4 billion in fiscal 2007, due to a significant increase in
new and remanufactured truck sales, reflecting higher federal funding, partially offset by lower aftermarket parts & service volume. In fiscal 2008, we expect double-digit growth for both our truck and aftermarket parts & service businesses as a result of our strong backlog in this segment and continued strong governmental funding prospects.
Fire & Emergency We saw a 19% increase in this segmentÕs sales for fiscal 2007 to $1.1 billion. Strong growth was driven by continuing demand and market share gains for Pierce¨ fire apparatus, strong sales of recovery products and the full-year inclusion of recently acquired Oshkosh Specialty Vehicles, parent company of SMIT mobile medical and Frontline¨ broadcast and command vehicles. We also won important global contracts for our ARFF vehicles during fiscal 2007. Our expectation is for modest revenue growth and margin improvement in fiscal 2008, which will be quite an accomplishment in a challenging municipal environment.
Commercial Enhanced by the full-year impact of the recent acquisition of IMT, our service truck business, and market share gains in our domestic refuse business, Commercial sales volume was strong enough to offset the anticipated decline in demand caused by the 2007 change in diesel engine emissions standards in the second half of the fiscal year. Year-over-year sales improved by 5% to $1.2 billion, accompanied by slightly lower operating income margins. The performance of our European refuse collection vehicle business, the Geesink Norba Group, has been disappointing. We have implemented a comprehensive restructuring plan that includes facility rationalization, headcount reduction and quality improvement, and believe those actions will result in profitability in fiscal 2009 for this business. Additional headwinds include the possibility of a continued downturn in the North American residential construction market, which we expect will have a continued negative impact on concrete products sales in fiscal 2008. However, we believe that there will be
 Shareholder letter 

Smart growth.
strong demand in advance of the 2010 diesel engine emissions standards changes for both concrete mixer and refuse products, which should help the segmentÕs performance starting in late fiscal 2008.
Management team In fiscal 2007, Oshkosh Truck promoted several talented individuals who will make significant contributions to our future. Most notably, we promoted our CFO, Charlie Szews, to President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. Charlie is an exceptional leader who will direct all aspects of the CompanyÕs four business segments. Dave Sagehorn was promoted from Vice President and Treasurer to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and he will capably fill that position. In our business segments, two new presidents were named during the year. Tom Fenner was named Executive Vice President of Oshkosh Truck and President of Fire & Emergency. He succeeds now-retired John Randjelovic, who did a super job running that group. Craig Paylor was promoted to Executive Vice President of Oshkosh Truck and President of JLG Industries, the Access Equipment segmentÕs first full-time president under Oshkosh ownership. While Tom and Craig bring different experiences to the table, their energy, strong industry backgrounds and thorough understanding of our products, customers and market dynamics, make them ideal leaders for Oshkosh.
I would like to thank John Randjelovic, former Executive Vice President of Oshkosh Truck and CEO of
our Fire & Emergency segment, for his many years of service. John joined Oshkosh Truck in 1992 and distinguished himself as a strong and effective leader in our organization, helping make our Fire & Emergency business the market leader it is today.
Additionally, I would like to salute retiring board member, Don Fites, former chairman and CEO of Caterpillar. Don brought a strong operating background and focus to our board and challenged us to build our parts & service and financing businesses to achieve new heights. We will miss DonÕs contributions, but we are pleased with the addition of Tim Roemer to our board. TimÕs background in Homeland Security and government-related issues, as well as his experience as a representative in the U.S. Congress, are assets for us to leverage as we grow.
Looking ahead Looking ahead, the bold moves that weÕve taken this year give us confidence that we have formed a strong base from which to grow. Our broader global footprint and greater scale of operations will fuel our growth in fiscal 2008.
While the coming year holds challenges, weÕre ready for them. ItÕs likely that the North American residential construction market will remain weak, and we expect that the non-residential construction market will soften in the back half of the year. Our business plans are responsible and take those possibilities into account.
  Shareholder letter

With JLGÕs growing global network, we see significant international growth opportunities ahead for our Access Equipment segment. We expect continuing robust demand for tactical military vehicles and aftermarket parts & service for our Defense segment. In the Fire & Emergency segment, we expect our premium brand Pierce to retain and grow its market share, and we expect solid growth for our airport products. Finally, in our
Commercial segment, we anticipate slightly lower revenues in fiscal 2008 due mainly to the challenges described above. However, we believe this segment will rebound strongly in fiscal 2009 as
restructuring activities strengthen our European refuse business and as demand for our vehicles surges in advance of the 2010 diesel engine emissions standards changes.
Our outstanding performance over the past year, combined with strong projected results and cash flow generation in fiscal 2008, should put us in a great position to make more
bold moves by fiscal 2009. We also continue to target our long-term financial goals of: ¥ 10% annual organic sales growth, supplemented by acquisitions;
¥ 10% consolidated operating income margin; ¥ >15% EPS growth; and
¥ >15% return on invested capital (ROIC).
As always, we are committed to delivering unsurpassed value to every customer and every shareholder. Thank you to our employees, our
partners and our shareholders for helping to make fiscal 2007 a year of bold moves and smart growth.
Robert G. Bohn
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Oshkosh Truck Corporation November 21, 2007
hands-on, experienced and forward thinking: the oshkosh senior executive team. left to right: dave Sagehorn, Bryan Blankfield, don Verhoff, Charlie Szews, Jay Kimmitt, Matt Zolnowski and Mark radue.
   