To Our Shareholders:
Oxford's report from the floor this year is strong and encouraging. In fiscal 2004, we achieved the highest sales and earnings in our 62-year history. This performance reflects the continuing integration of our rapidly growing Tommy Bahama Group, as well as improved profitability in our Menswear Group. But even more importantly, Oxford's success reflects a very deliberate strategic transformation of the Company's business mix toward strong brands that are providing higher-margin growth opportunities. These efforts are continuing. Already in fiscal 2005, we have acquired another growth vehicle, Ben Sherman, a British brand that brings exciting international growth potential to us. aggressive asset management and improved profitability. For fiscal year 2004, we generated cash flow from operations of $62.9 million, up from $27.6 million the previous year. We reduced our ratio of debt to total capital to 45% from 51% last year and ended the year with $48 million in cash on hand. Oxford continues to enjoy a balance sheet that provides strong capitalization and liquidity.
SEGMENT REVIEW

In an effort to simplify our financial reporting structure and more effectively manage our business, we consoliNet our Sales dated men's tailored clothing, slacks and shirt divisions into a single Menswear Group in fiscal 2004. Sales for this group were essentially flat for the year, a notable

NET SALES 1.2
(In billions)
0.9

$1.2 0.9 0.6 2002 2003 2004

Net sales increased 46% to $1.117 billion from $764.6 million last year.
0.6

O P E R AT I N G R E V I E W

To appreciate the effectiveness of this strategy, you need only to look at Oxford's fiscal 2004 results, which exceeded even our own expectations. Net sales increased 46% to $1.117 billion, while gross margins reached 30.5% from 20.9% last year. Net income increased 95% to $39.7 million, which translated into fully diluted earnings per share of $2.38, a 78% increase from $1.34 a year ago. These record sales and earnings were driven by strong growth and high margins in the Tommy Bahama Group. Our Menswear Group also delivered a solid performance in fiscal 2004 with a significant improvement in profitability over last year. Our Womenswear Group faced a very challenging environment in its markets this year, which resulted in a decline in sales and earnings. Following the acquisition of Tommy Bahama, our balance sheet and capital position benefited from

achievement given a $33 million decrease with one of our largest customers, Sears/Lands' End. This decrease was due to an inventory oversupply associated with the introduction of Lands' End product into Sears' retail stores in fiscal 2003. Fortunately, the Menswear Group was able to offset this situation through new programs with customers such as Men's Wearhouse, Sam's Club and Target. Additionally, the rollout of Oxford Golf, a new companyowned brand launched in Spring 2004, was an unqualified success and has quickly gained distribution in over 1,800 pro shops. Operating income for the Menswear Group increased 51% to $41.9 million from $27.8 million last year. The improvement in profitability was driven primarily by lower inventory markdowns, improved manufacturing capacity utilization and the discontinuation of Izod Club Golf's unprofitable operations. Our Womenswear Group is primarily focused on the budget or mass merchant segment of the industry.

(16)

Oxford is building a solid strategic position for continued success. Strong brands are delivering high-margin growth to the top-line.These new, high-growth brands are complemented by a portfolio of our existing businesses that provide strong cash flow and diversification across nearly every distribution channel in retail. This diversity is critical not only to providing stability, but also to ensuring that we are knowledgeable and engaged in all facets of retail industry dynamics.

Sales for the year were down four percent to $298 million due primarily to our decision last year to discontinue shipments to K-Mart. We also saw a modest sales decline with Wal-Mart, which is reducing product assortment and rack space devoted to women's apparel, while increasing its emphasis on direct sourcing. The Womenswear Group experienced margin pressures due to highly competitive market conditions. However, our strong focus on product development, global sourcing and low cost structure gives us a strong competitive position. As a result, we are the largest supplier of women's sportswear to Target, with whom we continue to expand our relationship. We are extremely pleased with the Tommy Bahama Group's performance in its first year as a member of the Oxford team. Sales grew approximately 16% to $369 million. This business is split between wholesale, which is distributed through high-end department and specialty stores, and company-owned retail stores, which represented just over 40% of sales in fiscal 2004. Now totaling 43 locations, these stores continue to produce exceptionally high sales per square foot and are excellent marketing vehicles for the brand. In addition to company-owned retail store expansion, Tommy Bahama is pursuing growth opportunities on multiple fronts. The men's line is a top-performing sportswear brand for its upscale department and specialty store customers. This creates strong potential to expand market share within existing accounts. The Tommy Bahama women's line has made excellent progress this year in fine-tuning its products and market position. With new fabrications and a betterdefined consumer focus, Tommy Bahama Women's has

considerable opportunity to further penetrate its targeted channels of distribution. As a lifestyle brand, Tommy Bahama continues to selectively build its licensing portfolio in new categories and has added fragrances, eyewear and handbags in recent months. Additionally, Tommy Bahama has experienced a significant level of success with its newest brand, Indigo Palms. Though still small on a relative basis, this business has exceeded our expectations. As a denim-related collection for men and women, Indigo Palms possesses sizeable market expansion opportunity. We opened our first Indigo Palms retail store in November 2003 and, based on its success, we plan to open four more stores this year. Finally, we believe that international expansion presents an opportunity for significant future growth and we have begun to develop a strategy to expand the Tommy Bahama brand outside of the United States. Our enthusiasm for continued investment in the Tommy Bahama brand is obviously quite strong. In the past 12 months, 11 new retail locations were opened and our plans are to add five to ten annually for the next several years. We are also committed to unique and innovative marketing programs, such as the Tommy Bahama Challenge, a PGA event that will be broadcast nationally by CBS on New Year's Day.
OUR NEWEST BRAND

Though the results speak for themselves, we could not be more pleased with how well our acquisition of Tommy Bahama has unfolded Operating Income to date. And, we are extremely fortunate to have found yet another brand opportunity in Ben Sherman, which enjoys many of the same financial

OPERATING INCOME 90
(In millions)
50 Operating income increased 146% to $87.0 million from $35.3 million last year. 10

$90 50 10 2002 2003 2004

(17)

Diluted Earnings

DILUTED EARNINGS 2.4 PER COMMON SHARE
(In dollars)
1.5

$2.40 1.50 0.60 2002 2003 2004

Diluted earnings per common share increased 78% to $2.38 from $1.34 last year.
0.6

and distribution characteristics as Tommy Bahama. On July 30th, we completed our acquisition of Ben Sherman Limited, a lifestyle apparel brand based in the United Kingdom. With roots dating to the British rock scene in the sixties, Ben Sherman is a youthful brand with a modern, irreverent attitude that appeals to an 18-to-35 yearold consumer. The Company has successfully leveraged its heritage as a dominant men's shirt brand into numerous other product categories such as footwear, denim, underwear, bottoms, T-shirts, knitwear, jackets and accessories for men and women. Like Tommy Bahama, Ben Sherman offers a number of different growth opportunities. Currently, the UK comprises 75% of sales, while the U.S. accounts for 19%. International distributors have successfully introduced the brand in continental Europe, Australia and the Far East and established retail stores in Sydney, Melbourne, Berlin and Tokyo. With its global appeal clearly demonstrated, there is a significant opportunity to grow in markets outside the UK. A women's line launched in 2002 has already grown to 12% of sales. The success of a companyowned store on Carnaby Street in London indicates the promise for retail expansion in the U.S. and abroad. We plan to open another company-owned store this year in the UK and one in the U.S.
O U R S T R AT E G I C P O S I T I O N

merchandising services to retailers in an era where direct sourcing by retailers is an ever-present option. They enable us to get the right product to the right place at the right time. These are abilities that many low-cost, offshore competitors simply cannot match. They enable us to achieve high inventory turnover and lower markdowns, thereby increasing sales and margins. Together, our new brands, our existing businesses and our global sourcing infrastructure place us firmly in a position to compete and grow successfully over the long-term.
O U R M O S T I M P O R TA N T A S S E T

Oxford is building a solid strategic position for continued success. Strong brands are delivering high-margin growth to the top-line. These new, high-growth brands are complemented by a portfolio of our existing businesses that provide strong cash flow and diversification across nearly every distribution channel in retail. This diversity is critical not only to providing stability, but also to ensuring that we are knowledgeable and engaged in all facets of retail industry dynamics. This expansive industry view sharpens our competitive instincts and enables us to better evaluate new opportunities. Supporting all of our businesses, both new and old, is a 60-year foundation of manufacturing and sourcing expertise. We have no doubt that our knowledge of how to make apparel ultimately enhances our ability to market apparel. The investments we have made in our global supply chain technology, information systems, manufacturing ventures and merchandising capabilities over the past decade are proving invaluable. They enable us to bring value-added

The foundation of this enviable strategic position is our most important asset ­ our people. Our recent acquisitions have added considerably to Oxford's management strength. Tommy Bahama is led by some of the best branding experts in the business today and its CEO, Tony Margolis, joined Oxford's Board of Directors this past spring. Ben Sherman's management team, led by Miles Gray, further strengthens our merchandising and marketing expertise. Oxford also was fortunate to welcome a well-respected industry veteran, Mike Setola, to our organization this year as the Company's president. On a different note, we will soon bid farewell to Ben Blount, our CFO since 1995, as he departs for a well-earned retirement. Ben's steady hand has touched every aspect of Oxford's business for many years and we extend our sincere appreciation to him for his dedication and service.
A N U P B E AT F O R E C A S T

Personally, I can't tell you what a pleasure it is to deliver such a positive progress report on the Company. My thanks to every member of the Oxford team for their talent and tenacity. It's hard to think of a time when Oxford has had so many opportunities to pursue and so many resources upon which to capitalize. Let me assure you that we intend to make the most of the possibilities that lie before us.

J. Hicks Lanier Chairman and Chief Executive Officer August 11, 2004

(18)

