DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

J. Hicks Lanier Chairman and President "Perfect Fit." These were the words that came to mind when we first contemplated the acquisition of Viewpoint International, owner of the successful Tommy Bahama lifestyle brand. Now that this transaction is complete, we believe "Perfect Fit" characterizes it better than ever. By every measure, Viewpoint's business complements our diverse portfolio of existing apparel businesses and significantly strengthens our strategic position in the marketplace. This acquisition was one of several accomplishments this year of which we are very proud. Let me share some details with you, beginning with our operating results for fiscal year 2003. These results do not include the Viewpoint acquisition which closed shortly after year-end.
O P E R AT I N G R E V I E W

prior year. This increase was the result of improved manufacturing and sourcing efficiencies as well as ongoing supply chain management initiatives. We successfully leveraged our operating expenses over a larger sales base resulting in an improvement in our selling, general and administrative expense margin to 16.3% from 17.1% last year. Sales growth combined with improved expenses resulted in diluted earnings per share soaring 91% to $2.68 from $1.40 last year. The results included costs associated with the closing of our Izod Club Golf business and the acquisition of Viewpoint International. Our balance sheet at year-end reflects the proceeds of a $200 million private placement of senior unsecured notes that were escrowed on May 16th in anticipation of the closing of the Viewpoint acquisition June 13, 2003. The additional debt brings our debt-to-totalcapital ratio to 51%. While this financing increases the company's leverage, our balance sheet remains strong and we are quite comfortable that our capital structure will serve us well in the years to come. We intend to deleverage as quickly as possible, preserving the strong capitalization and liquidity that we have enjoyed historically.
SEGMENT REVIEW

Oxford Slacks reported a sales increase of 20% to $96.6 million for the fiscal year driven by the rollout of Lands' End product to Sears retail stores. Higher sales volumes and improved capacity utilization resulted in an increase in operating earnings of 98% to $7.6 million for the year.
SEGMENT NET SALES (In Millions) $308.8 $253.7

Net sales for the year increased 13% to $765 million. All four Oxford operating groups enjoyed increases in sales and earnings for the year. Sales increases were driven primarily by growth in womenswear sportswear shipments and the rollout of Lands' End product to Sears retail stores. Gross margins for the year increased 1.2 percentage points to 20.9% from 19.7% in the

$157.4 $153.0 $96.5 $80.7 2002 2003
Slacks

$201.6 $189.4

Lanier

Shirts

Womens

Every Oxford segment experienced sales growth in fiscal 2003 ­ a significant achievement given continued weakness in the economy and a sluggish retail environment.

2 OXFORD INDUSTRIES

The Oxford Shirt Group also benefited from the introduction of the Lands' End assortment to Sears stores, but the sales increase was partially offset by the decline in golf apparel shipments. Sales increased 6% to $201.6 million and operating earnings increased four-fold to $3.8 million despite the costs to close down the Izod Club Golf business. The improvement in profitability was primarily attributable to lower cost sourcing and fewer markdowns. A rebound in women's sportswear shipments led the Oxford Womenswear Group to a sales increase of 22% to $308.8 million from $253.7 million last year. Operating earnings increased 82% to $17.3 million. The higher sales volume and expense leverage resulted in the significant profitability improvement. Lanier Clothes, the Company's tailored clothing group, reported a 3% sales increase over last year to $157.4 million due primarily to growth in private label products. Operating earnings improved by 43% over last year to $16.4 million due to more cost-effective sourcing and manufacturing and lower markdowns.
L O N G - T E R M S T R AT E G Y E X E C U T I O N

S E V E N - S T R AT E G Y P R O G R A M ACCOMPLISHMENTS

The plan to add more compelling, value-added products to our portfolio is only one of seven long-term operating strategies (listed on page 16 of this report) that we have consistently executed for the past several years. Our goal is not only to maintain a competitive position in the global marketplace, but also to generate long-term profitable growth for our shareholders by positioning Oxford as an invaluable resource for retail customers. Some of our success stories to date include a stateof-the-art global supply chain. The benefits of this five-year effort are becoming more apparent every year. Our systems of forecasting, production planning and logistics enable us to do an exceptional job of ensuring that retailers have the right product at the right time at the right place. In the process, we are also better able to maintain inventory at appropriate levels, which leads to higher inventory turnover and lower markdowns. For fiscal year 2003, we achieved total inventory turnover of 6.5 times, the highest rate in Oxford's history.
INVENTORY TURNOVER 2003 6.5x

Our top strategic objective has long been the development of compelling, high-value-added products. Highest value is added through strong brand names, which was the compelling reason for the Viewpoint acquisition. The addition of Viewpoint provides us with a powerful consumer brand that blends well with our existing portfolio of brands. Over the past ten years, the Tommy Bahama message of a relaxed but sophisticated lifestyle has been executed consistently across a variety of product categories. As an aspirational lifestyle brand, Tommy Bahama has developed a loyal following of consumers who are willing to pay a premium price for a superior product. Tommy Bahama also expands Oxford's product offering into the bridge and luxury price categories, with higher price points and higher gross margins than most of our existing businesses. The acquisition allows us to penetrate three new distribution channels ­ upscale department stores, upscale independent specialty stores and the Tommy Bahama retail stores. Finally, the Tommy Bahama brand targets a growing and attractive demographic ­ an affluent consumer with high disposable income and stable fashion preferences.

2002 4.8x 2001 4.2x

We have invested heavily in a state-of-the-art global supply chain over the past five years. One of the most apparent benefits has been a steady progression of improvement in inventory turns, which reached a record high in fiscal 2003.

Ongoing investment in technology systems and superior merchandising capability continue to strengthen and grow our long-term customer relationships. Excellent customer service is key to this effort and one with measurable results ­ complete and on-time delivery performance has exceeded 90% in each of the last three years. Equally as important is extensive market knowledge of fashion and design trends that enable us to help customers merchandise great products. Indeed, this is a major reason why the Oxford Womenswear

OXFORD INDUSTRIES

3

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

Group is now the largest supplier of women's sportswear to one of retailing's most successful and fastest-growing chains ­ Target. Historically, the majority of our manufacturing was through Oxford-owned and -operated factories that required high capital commitments and provided little cyclical flexibility. Today, Oxford's manufacturing and sourcing base has evolved into a highly flexible network of owned factories, joint ventures, strategic alliances and third-party sourcing. Our fourth joint manufacturing facility, established this year in China, will provide us with additional access to globally costcompetitive production and strengthen our positioning in a quota-free environment. This network makes Oxford and our retail customers cost competitive in a global marketplace and has contributed to an improvement in our gross margins in each of the last three fiscal years.
GROSS MARGIN 2003 20.9% 2002 19.7% 2001 18.3%

apparel sold to private clubs and resort destinations. We are optimistic about the future success for both of these initiatives. Within Viewpoint, there remains significant untapped potential. Their recently introduced Island Soft and Indigo Palms labels have met with encouraging initial success. Other opportunities for growth include women's apparel, licensing and brand and product line extensions. We also plan to grow the Tommy Bahama retail store base, a business that to date has generated an exceptional level of profitability. Our plan calls for the addition of 5 to 10 stores annually for the next several years on a highly selective basis. While growth remains a priority, the overriding objective will be to maintain the integrity and unique point of view of the Tommy Bahama brands.
T H E B E S T I N D U S T RY TA L E N T

Our highly flexible network of owned factories, joint ventures, strategic alliances and third-party sourcing has contributed to improvement in gross margins.

NEW GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES

Many of our operational achievements in recent years have had a bottom-line orientation, largely focusing on cost competitiveness, asset utilization and inventory control. The Viewpoint acquisition combined with the strength of our existing customer relationships now provides us with several fresh top-line opportunities. Two significant merchandising initiatives this year have generated a great deal of excitement in the industry. The first, Dockers tailored clothing, is a sportcoat extension of one of menswear's leading slacks brands that will be targeted to mid-tier department stores and chain stores. Second, we created Oxford Golf as a traditional classification brand of men's golf

Throughout this letter, I've spoken a great deal about Oxford's ability to execute its operating strategies. One of these strategies includes attracting and retaining the best possible talent in the industry. Our achievements of the past year certainly confirm that we are fulfilling this goal. My personal thanks to all of our employees and associates around the world for a job well done. I also would like to welcome every member of the Viewpoint team to Oxford. One of the most attractive aspects of the acquisition was keeping a great management team ­ led by Tony Margolis, Lucio Dalla Gasperina, and Bob Emfield ­ on board to continue growing the Tommy Bahama brand. I am excited about the "Perfect Fit" that our organizations have put together and what we can accomplish going forward. I look forward to keeping you, our shareholders, updated on this progress. Thank you for your support.

J. Hicks Lanier Chairman and President August 15, 2003

4 OXFORD INDUSTRIES

