 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  2014 was a very good year for Oxford. We posted solid financial results while staying unwaveringly focused on our fundamental objective of growing long-term shareholder value. Looking forward to 2015 and beyond, we think our powerful brands, Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer, make us well-positioned for continued success.
 A STRONG YEAR IN 2014—SOLID REVENUE AND EARNINGS GROWTH
Fiscal 2014 was a solid year of both sales and earnings growth. Sales rose 9% to just under a billion dollars and adjusted earnings rose 6% to $2.98 per share. We were especially pleased to complete the year with an outstanding fourth quarter that highlighted the strength of our brands, the power of our strategy and the ability
of our management team to execute. Despite a highly promotional marketplace in the fourth quarter, Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer delivered upper single digit percentage increases in comparable store sales and, unlike so many others in our industry, did it without any material erosion of gross margins. The stellar performances by Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer, along with a solid contribution from Lanier Clothes and marked improvement at Ben Sherman, helped us deliver a significant increase in year over year fourth quarter EPS.
2015 AND BEYOND—WELL-POSITIONED FOR LONG-TERM SUCCESS
Our focus on the long-term means that our businesses must be capable of sustained, profitable growth. By that measure and many others, we are optimistic as we look forward to 2015 and beyond.
On the strategic front, we recently announced plans to sell the Ben Sherman business. We think the progress made by this business
in 2014 and its momentum going into fiscal 2015 have positioned it as an attractive acquisition target. We are confident that selling Ben Sherman is the right decision for our shareholders.
Our guidance for fiscal 2015 (which excludes Ben Sherman) reflected our expectations for another year of solid top line growth and ongoing investment in both Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer as we continue to build for the future. We expect that almost 90% of our business in 2015 will come from these two power brands.
     
             90% Oxford-owned Brands 6% Licensed Brands
4% Private Label
61% Direct to Consumer (includes retail, e-commerce and restaurant)
39% Wholesale
Branded vs. Private Label Sales
Over the longer term, we think Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer are well-positioned for continued growth and success. Each of these brands has a very clear brand position and point of view that generates a strong emotional response from the consumer. For each, the brand position rests on the fundamental pillars of A+ product, A+ distribution and A+ communication. I touch on each of these below.
BUILDING EMOTIONAL CONNECTIONS WITH OUR CONSUMERS
A key element of any successful lifestyle brand is building a relation- ship with the consumer based on a true, emotional connection. To establish that connection, a brand must have a clear brand position and point of view. Both Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer have this.
Tommy Bahama’s mission is to inspire the world to relax. The dis- tinctiveness and clarity of this brand position has helped Tommy Bahama grow into one of the premier lifestyle brands in America and we believe positions it well for continued profitable growth.
Lilly Pulitzer’s brand positioning is resort chic, inspired by Lilly Pulitzer’s optimistic Palm Beach lifestyle. Lilly is beloved for its iconic use of proprietary hand-painted prints, patterns and cheerful colors. The emotional connection Lilly creates is fantastic—women and girls of all ages want Lilly to be part of the most important moments in their lives.
Trust is another critical element in building and sustaining an emo- tional connection with the consumer. All great brands are trusted by their followers. Quality, authenticity, honesty, value, fairness,
      Sales by Distribution
 Oxford Industries, Inc. 2014 Annual Report

 transparency—these are all factors in gaining and keeping trust. As we see it, price integrity is a crucial part of this. That’s why Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer remain committed to their full- price strategies, and we think this will continue to serve us well in the future.
A+ PRODUCT—DESIGN-LED, COMMERCIALLY INFORMED
Having a great brand statement and a strong relationship with the consumer is necessary but not sufficient for long-term success. No matter how strong the positioning and how clear and compelling the brand message, without innovative, differentiated A+ product the consumer simply will not buy.
It is for this reason that both of our brands are commercially- informed, but design-led businesses. Simply following the trends in the marketplace would result in the type of uninspiring, undif- ferentiated product that ultimately requires discounting to sell. Being trend aware, but design-led allows us to create the compel- ling, innovative and differentiated product that the consumer desires. When combined with the strength of the Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer brand messages, their distinctive, compelling product gives us a powerful combination to drive full-price sales.
A+ DISTRIBUTION—THE CONSUMER IS THE POINT OF SALE
In this context, “distribution” means the channels through which we connect our product to our consumers. In the modern world, A+ distribution means that we need to think of the consumer herself as the point of sale. Doing so means we must make product available
to her where she wants it and when she wants it. In order to do this, we need a carefully considered distribution network consisting of the right mix of our own stores and e-commerce websites as well as brand appropriate wholesale accounts. We have all the elements of a very strong, modern distribution network in both of our brands.
Sales at both Tommy and Lilly are generated primarily through the direct to consumer channel of distribution. Our brick-and-mortar stores continue to be an important part of our strategy. Our stores allow us to serve consumer demand and also play an important role in customer acquisition. The key with brick-and-mortar stores is to build them in the right place and ensure that there are not too many of them. In this regard, we are well-positioned with only 157 Tommy and 28 Lilly stores as of January 31, 2015. Our plan for future store growth is to continue to open new stores at a measured pace gener- ally consistent with past years.
Our e-commerce business in both brands is very profitable and rapidly growing. In fiscal 2014, e-commerce sales represented 28% of Lilly Pulitzer’s sales and 14% of Tommy Bahama’s sales. Our brands’ websites not only provide a vehicle for purchasing product, but also entertain and excite guests with beautiful images and other content that reinforce the brand position and lifestyle message.
Wholesale is another key part of our distribution strategy, provid- ing an excellent source of sales that contribute to our profitability. In addition, by making sure that we only sell to brand appropriate doors, wholesale is an excellent vehicle for building brand aware- ness and acquiring new customers who may not connect with our brands otherwise.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
OXFORD INDUSTRIES, INC.
(In thousands, except per share data)
Net Sales
Gross profit, as adjusted
Operating income, as adjusted
Net earnings, as adjusted
Diluted net earnings per share, as adjusted
For reference, tables reconciling certain GAAP to adjusted measures are included on pages 115-116 of this Annual Report.
Fiscal 2014
$997,806 $556,810 $ 87,773 $ 49,002 $ 2.98
Fiscal 2013
$917,097 $514,254 $ 85,391 $ 46,384 $ 2.81
    A+ COMMUNICATION—PUTTING PRODUCTS IN CONTEXT
Great brands need A+ communication that puts products in context. Our communications strategies and efforts are multifaceted.
The Internet and digital media obviously provide outstanding means for communication, and we do that beautifully in both Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer. Our websites not only do a lot of busi- ness, but also communicate our brand message very effectively.
We also communicate to our customers through social media and e-mail, using very robust communication strategies and generating excellent brand presence.
But it’s not all about digital. At this point, while direct mail may seem a bit old-fashioned, for both Tommy Bahama and Lilly Pulitzer it remains a very effective communication tool, especially to those who are already familiar and emotionally engaged with our brands. Our focused direct mail campaigns serve as a “call to action” and we can clearly see a meaningful effect on our businesses in all distribution channels when a mailing piece arrives at our customer’s home.
Stepping into one of our beautiful stores is perhaps the most impact- ful way to understand our brand messages. Each Lilly Pulitzer store is customized to reflect its location, with beautiful hand-painted frescos and whimsical touches that ensure the guest understands the happy energy of this brand. In our Tommy Bahama stores, the signature island scent combined with the friendly atmosphere and architectural references to coastal living bring to life the relaxed lifestyle which is the DNA of the brand. This message is amplified further in locations that include a restaurant and bar, where the aim
is to ensure the carefree essence of this brand is permanently fixed in the mind of our guest.
STRENGTH FOR THE FUTURE—OUR PEOPLE, OUR CAPITAL STRUCTURE
Very importantly, we have the financial wherewithal to support our plans for the future. Our strong cash flow from operations and ample availability under our revolving line of credit will allow us to continue to invest in our business.
Finally, at its very foundation, what makes Oxford so successful is the strength, intellect, energy, and dedication of our people. Our workforce is an amazing blend of talent—from veterans with years of wisdom and experience to new hires with fresh energy and new ideas. We are thankful every day for the commitment of this team of incredible people, without whom our success would not be possible.
With our strong brands, fantastic people, and financial strength, we are confident in our ability to continue to grow long-term share- holder value.
Respectfully,
Thomas C. Chubb III
Chief Executive Officer and President May 11, 2015
 Oxford Industries, Inc. 2014 Annual Report
