The Right Name is Oxford

J. Hicks Lanier Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

To O u r S h a re h o l d e r s :
The Right Name ­ this phrase succinctly captures our strategic vision ­ to find the right names to expand our portfolio of lifestyle brands and to provide the right value-added products and proprietary brands for our retail customers. During fiscal 2006, Oxford made significant strides toward this vision, a process that has transformed our business from its historical apparel manufacturing roots into a world-class apparel marketing organization with a growing company-owned retail component. As this transformation continues to evolve, our intent is ultimately to position Oxford, itself, as The Right Name among apparel suppliers for investors, retailers and consumers alike. Restricting distribution and focusing on sell-through with key retail partners has been critical to maintaining an element of exclusivity to the brand and enhancing its aspirational nature. This brand strategy manifests itself in wholesale distribution, where Tommy Bahama enjoys an enviable position among men's sportswear brands, as well as in its strong licensing and retail operations.  During fiscal 2006, Tommy Bahama grew revenues to $409 million, reflecting strong sell-through at wholesale and the success of its retail store expansion. Tommy Bahama opened five new company-owned retail stores, bringing the total number of retail stores to 59. This figure includes seven compounds which Tommy Bahama Group pair a Tommy Bahama retail store with an islandIn its third year as part of Oxford, Tommy Bahama inspired restaurant and bar. Tighter operating controls represents the quintessential lifestyle brand. Tommy enhanced profitability dramatically, with operating Bahama's identity as the purveyor of island lifestyle income growing 32% to $72 million. is among the strongest in retail, transcending its  The launch of multiple sub-brands further demonproducts and resonating clearly among consumers. strates the strong brand development and management
15

To Our S h a re h o l d e r s

continued

within the Tommy Bahama Group. Indigo Palms, its denim collection, and Island Soft, its more upscale and fashion-forward collection, continue to enjoy growing support among retailers. In fiscal 2006, we launched Tommy Bahama Relax, which is devoted to the most casual elements of the Tommy Bahama lifestyle, to a terrific response. Most recently, Tommy Bahama Golf 18, a men's and women's golf collection targeted at upscale private golf clubs and resorts, has been greeted with great enthusiasm by the golf market. Menswear Group We acquired Ben Sherman in fiscal 2005, seeing in the name the same potential to develop a lifestyle brand as we saw in Tommy Bahama. There remains significant untapped potential in the U.S., but the evolution of Ben Sherman has been, and will be, different than Tommy Bahama. In its native United Kingdom market, Ben Sherman is a well-established brand with 43 years of success behind it. Taking a page from Tommy Bahama's strategy, we have tweaked the distribution in the UK away from lower-tier accounts. Focusing on more upscale retail partners brings exclusivity and better sell-through at retail. In the U.S., the brand is still essentially in its infancy and has required ongoing strategic adjustments to build brand awareness and loyalty.  Company-owned retail stores will be an important part of developing the Ben Sherman brand in the U.S. In fiscal 2006, we launched our first two retail stores in the U.S. The brand's flagship U.S. store is located in New York's eclectic Soho area, while the second store in Los Angeles provides a meaningful West Coast presence.  A difficult retail environment in the UK and Europe set the stage for a challenging fiscal 2006 for Ben Sherman. In the U.S., the brand's fall and spring merchandising mix simply departed too far from its core identity and sales plans were too aggressive. We are pleased to report that the fall 2006 line was

re-focused more toward the brand's core heritage and has been well received by customers.  The strategic adjustments at Ben Sherman combined with an extremely competitive environment for our private label business created a demanding year for our Menswear Group. Net sales for fiscal 2006 were $700 million, while operating profit totaled $42 million. With the acknowledgement that fierce competition will be a fact of life for our private label business, our efforts in this business are directed toward greater operating efficiency and adding value for our retail partners through superior sourcing and merchandising capabilities. In the third and fourth quarters, we closed four manufacturing facilities in the Dominican Republic and Honduras and consolidated related support functions in the U.S. This has resulted in a more flexible, cost-effective sourcing network and leaves only two remaining owned manufacturing facilities in all of Oxford.  Tailored clothing continues to be one of our strongest areas within the Menswear Group. The acquisition of Arnold Brant, a designer of suits for the category's higher price points in top-tier department and specialty stores, has provided a strong presence for us in this important market segment. Our tailored clothing operations now span the full range of price points, from Target in the mass merchant channel to Nordstrom's and Saks at the upper end.  Solitude is another brand acquired during 2006. This casual men's sportswear line, inspired by the California surfing lifestyle, was launched in 500 JCPenney stores last year. Our objective is to partner with JCPenney on a proprietary basis to develop Solitude into a signature lifestyle brand. Womenswear Group Divestiture The sale of our Womenswear Group in 2006 was perhaps the most significant indication of Oxford's continuing strategic transformation. The Womenswear Group, which specialized in private label for the

16

mass merchant channel, has contributed to Oxford's success for many years. We are very proud of the dramatic turnaround that the Womenswear Group achieved in fiscal 2006. Given our brand focus going forward, however, a disposition of this business was timely and made strategic sense. Consolidated Results In fiscal 2006, our net sales from continuing operations increased 5% to $1,109 million from $1,057 million in fiscal 2005. The Tommy Bahama Group reported a 2.4% increase in net sales over last year despite one additional week and $10 million in private label sales in the previous fiscal year. Net sales for our Menswear Group increased 7% to $700 million in fiscal 2006, driven by new marketing initiatives and the inclusion of Ben Sherman for twelve months in fiscal 2006 compared to ten months in fiscal 2005.  Our gross margins from continuing operations increased to 38.9% in fiscal 2006 from 38.2% last year, reflecting strong performance in the Tommy Bahama Group and a growing percentage of company-owned retail stores. Earnings from continuing operations increased 17% to $51 million from $44 million last year. Our diluted earnings from continuing operations per common share rose 14% to $2.88 in fiscal 2006 from $2.53 in fiscal 2005. Strategic Repositioning Beyond the annual financial numbers, another set of numbers really tells the story of Oxford today: · 52% of total revenues are generated by the Tommy Bahama and Ben Sherman lifestyle brands. · 20% of total revenues are derived from retail sales in our company-owned stores, which now total 69 across all of our brands. · Royalties and other operating income totaled $13.1 million in fiscal 2006. Consider that just four short years ago, these key components of our business did not exist at all within Oxford. Simply put, these numbers tell a

story of a company that has taken control of its own destiny and changed the potential for profitable growth significantly.  For all of our accomplishments, more work and untapped opportunity remain. These opportunities include the continuing development of the Ben Sherman brand at wholesale in the U.S. and around the globe. Both Tommy Bahama and Ben Sherman are in the early stages of developing women's businesses on a meaningful level. Tommy Bahama now has four successful brand extensions that represent numerous growth paths. Our retail strategy includes plans to open five to ten Tommy Bahama stores annually for the next several years and to evaluate the current four Ben Sherman stores in the U.S. and the UK with an eye toward continuing expansion in the future.  We remain very enthusiastic about future acquisitions to expand our brand portfolio, adding even more opportunities for new growth. And finally, though our company-owned manufacturing days are essentially behind us, a strong manufacturing and operating legacy resides within our organization. We utilize and leverage our sourcing, information technology, supply chain, logistics and inventory management expertise on a daily basis to improve costs, enhance margins and increase profitability across all of our businesses.  As we embark upon a new fiscal year, we offer our sincere thanks to the employees, customers and shareholders who continue to encourage and support Oxford's evolution in new directions. We are energized by the opportunities before us and are hard at work to realize even more success as we make sure that Oxford is always The Right Name for all of our stakeholders.

Sincerely, J. Hicks Lanier Chairman and Chief Executive Officer August 22, 2006
17

