LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

" Who do you think you are?" The way we answer this question today is dramatically different than it would have been just two years ago. Our strategy to acquire and grow lifestyle brands has transformed Oxford's business. In the process, it also has given us the confidence to answer this question by saying, "we are a growing and profitable company with numerous, compelling opportunities to build further value for our shareholders going forward."
J. Hicks Lanier Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
The magnitude of this transformation is particularly apparent when you consider that our Tommy Bahama and Ben Sherman businesses accounted for more than 40 percent of total revenues and more than 70 percent of total operating income in fiscal 2005. As recently as fiscal 2003, these businesses were absent from our results. Indeed, the acquisition of these lifestyle brands in the last two years, combined with solid performances by our legacy businesses, have made us a more profitable, more predictable and more growth-oriented company as evidenced by our fiscal 2005 performance. Fiscal 2005 was an outstanding year for Oxford. Net sales increased 17.6 percent to $1,313 million from $1,116 million last year. Sales growth was driven by the addition of Ben Sherman, new marketing initiatives in the Menswear Group and continuing growth in the branded divisions of the Tommy Bahama Group. Diluted earnings per share increased 21 percent over last year to $2.87 from $2.38, due to the increasing contribution of the Tommy Bahama and Ben Sherman lifestyle brands.
REVIEWING SEGMENT PERFORMANCES

The Tommy Bahama Group enjoyed an increase in net sales of 8.3 percent, or $30.5 million, in fiscal 2005, despite a reduction in net sales of $29.2 million, due to our strategic decision to exit this group's

private label business. Excluding the impact of the private label exit, the Tommy Bahama branded businesses grew sales by approximately 18 percent over last year. Operating income increased 6.9 percent over last year to $54.1 million. The increase in profitability in the Tommy Bahama group was primarily the result of a more profitable mix of business and an increasing contribution from company-owned retail stores which numbered 53 at year-end. The Womenswear Group had a very challenging year in fiscal 2005, which resulted in a sales decline of 13.8 percent to $256.8 million. However, a concerted effort to improve profitability through expense reductions and sourcing efficiencies led to a significant increase in profitability for the second half of fiscal 2005. Operating income for the year declined 8.1 percent to $10.6 million. The Menswear Group reported a 46.3 percent increase in net sales over last year, aided by the addition of $154 million in sales from Ben Sherman, which was acquired on July 30, 2004. Exclusive of Ben Sherman, our historical menswear business grew sales by approximately 12 percent in fiscal 2005, with broad-based growth over most major product categories. Operating income for the Menswear Group increased by 38.9 percent to $58.2 million, due to the addition of Ben Sherman and stronger results in our tailored clothing business.

10

OXFORD INDUSTRIES

As pleased as we are with our results in fiscal 2005, we believe even more potential lies ahead. Looking across our entire portfolio of businesses, we are in an excellent position to grow wholesale distribution of our brands, to expand the retail component of our branded businesses, to further capitalize on the lifestyle appeal of our brands through licensing, and to leverage our internal expertise and infrastructure through new marketing programs.
GROWING IN RETAIL'S BEST PLACES

Sherman possesses significant upside potential in the U.S. market. With full men's and women's sportswear collections, footwear and denim, as well as a new line of tailored clothing, dress shirts and neckwear launching this fall, there is vast potential for Ben Sherman to grow its presence within the best doors in American retailing.
EXPANDING VERTICAL RETAILING

As authentic lifestyle brands spanning numerous product categories and line extensions, Tommy Bahama and Ben Sherman provide us with multifaceted opportunities for growth. One of the most obvious opportunities is continued expansion in the wholesale channel that these premium brands share, namely upscale department stores and toptier, independent specialty shops. Tommy Bahama is a major supplier of men's sportswear to this highly desirable distribution channel. Tommy Bahama's largest customer in this channel is Nordstrom, and we remain Nordstrom's largest men's sportswear resource. While Tommy Bahama's penetration of this market segment is high, the brand continues to experience growth through product line extensions and increased market share. The women's division of Tommy Bahama represents an entirely different growth opportunity at wholesale and one with considerable upside. This division currently generates less than 15 percent of the brand's wholesale revenue. Over the last 18 months, this business has re-tooled its line to reflect a more youthful style, with a fit appropriate for its target audience of adult women. These changes have resulted in an improved performance within our companyowned retail stores. We expect these improvements to filter through to the wholesale channel and are optimistic that the women's business will begin to accelerate in the coming year. Ben Sherman also focuses on this upscale tier of distribution. Since its introduction into the U.S. market, this highly respected British brand has made its way into more than 1,200 doors in the United States, certainly an enthusiastic reception and one that surpassed our expectations. We believe that Ben

Though Oxford's heritage lies in the wholesale side of the apparel business, our enthusiasm for retail stores is growing, given their positive impact on profitability and brand building. Tommy Bahama, Ben Sherman and Indigo Palms all have vertical retailing components to their business, and all plan to steadily expand their retail operations. Companyowned stores now represent nearly half of Tommy Bahama's sales, with a total of 53 stores open and eight more planned in fiscal 2006. Indigo Palms has four stores, included in this total, which are helping to establish this emerging brand. This past year, Ben Sherman opened its second UK store in Manchester and plans to unveil storefronts in New York and Los Angeles this coming year. For each brand, retail stores are not only growing profit centers, but also an important part of their brand-building strategy. These controlled environments provide a platform to test new products and receive direct feedback from consumers. The stores also enable us to showcase a full range of products in a manner that accentuates the brand's image and vision.
LICENSING THE LIFESTYLE

As lifestyle brands, the potential to license Tommy Bahama and Ben Sherman across a wide variety of product categories is a sizeable and attractive source of royalty revenues. Properly executed, licensing is a win-win proposition for us. We can retain the necessary controls to ensure the integrity of the brand, while developing a predictable, recurring income stream with minimal capital investment. Within Tommy Bahama, this income stream is beginning to achieve critical mass. Over the past year, eyewear, fragrance, ceiling fans and handbags are some of the categories in which licensing agreements have been signed. Similarly, in the United Kingdom, Ben Sherman is

OXFORD INDUSTRIES

11

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS Continued

licensed across more than a dozen different categories. As we develop Ben Sherman's business in the United States, we expect licensing to play an equally important role in building its image and its revenue.
ADDING VALUE IN PRIVATE LABEL

Beyond our owned lifestyle brands, licensed brand and private label businesses continue to be a meaningful part of Oxford's operations. In the private label arena, the risk of commoditization and direct sourcing is always our challenge. Our opportunity, however, is to identify areas where we can add significant value for our customers by bringing global sourcing expertise and innovative styling and design to their selling floors. In womenswear, for instance, customers who source an entire collection, which requires coordinating multiple products to hit the sales floor simultaneously, find our global sourcing and supply chain infrastructure a helpful alternative to their more limited, internal sourcing operations. Likewise, we can add value for customers through new marketing initiatives. This past year, JCPenney needed an exclusive brand with an edgy feel targeted to 20- to 35-year-olds. Working with designer Nick Graham of "Joe Boxer" fame, we developed a complete collection, Nick(it), that launched in 500 stores. Such programs can generate considerable organic growth and leverage the expertise and infrastructure that exist within the Oxford organization.
THINKING AHEAD

Oxford has every intention of continuing to expand its brand portfolio. This expansion may come from within the Company, such as the Tommy Bahama team has done with Indigo Palms, or through future acquisitions. We are fortunate to remain in an acquisitive mode, thanks to a solid balance sheet and capital structure.
THE BEST OF BOTH WORLDS

At this time last year, we had just completed the Ben Sherman acquisition and were still absorbing Tommy Bahama as part of Oxford. Nevertheless, we were satisfied and optimistic that we had achieved a successful strategic transformation of the Company. A year later, our satisfaction and enthusiasm for these new brands is even higher than at the time of purchase. Oxford truly represents the best of both worlds. Our lifestyle brands have injected new energy and new growth into our business. Their management teams are terrific and a great source of marketing insight for our organization. At the same time, the attributes that have made Oxford a successful competitor for more than 60 years in the apparel business remain intact and invaluable. Our manufacturing heritage and expertise, our focus on execution and our solid financial position provide us with everything we need for continued success. In closing, I extend my personal appreciation to Oxford employees around the world who are making this success happen. We look forward to sharing even more of it with you. Sincerely,

Though there is no shortage of ways to grow Oxford today, we have a long tradition of looking ahead and putting strategies in place for the future. A top brand in the United Kingdom, Ben Sherman has become an international brand through its expansion into the United States, Europe, Australia and the Far East. We have no doubt that Ben Sherman can travel even further over time. We believe these skill sets may open up opportunities for us to pursue international expansion strategies with other brands in the future.

J. Hicks Lanier Chairman and Chief Executive Officer August 22, 2005

12

OXFORD INDUSTRIES

