To Our Shareholders

J. Hicks Lanier Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

At Oxford, our business is focused on the aspirations of our consumers and our shareholders.This focus is evident in our development and marketing of strong lifestyle brands in the U.S. and, increasingly, around the globe. This strategy has proven successful over the past four years and, as a result, our own aspirations for the future are more clearly defined and ambitious than ever.
We began focusing on lifestyle brands in 2003, as it was apparent to us that a well-defined lifestyle brand can inspire strong consumer loyalty, command higher price points at retail and generate higher profitability. Lifestyle brands also can provide opportunities for new revenue streams and profit centers through branded retail stores and licensing ventures beyond our core apparel business.  In the four years since we began our focus on lifestyle brands, our belief in the strength of this business strategy has only grown. Tommy Bahama continues to exceed our expectations on all fronts.We are building Ben Sherman into a business with similar attributes by leveraging many of the same brand management strategies that have contributed to Tommy Bahama's success. Most importantly, our experience to date in these businesses has firmly committed us to growing Oxford into one of the leading diversified suppliers of lifestyle-based apparel brands around the globe. This is our aspiration.  As we work toward its fulfillment in the coming years, we are confident that we also will continue to attain our mutual aspiration with shareholders, namely consistent, profitable growth.  Fiscal 2007 consolidated results support our confidence. Net sales increased $19.8 million to $1.1 billion due to a strong performance by Tommy Bahama, which was offset by modest sales declines in our other three operating groups. Operating income rose to $100.8 million in fiscal 2007 from $98.1 million in fiscal 2006, reflecting an increasing contribution from Tommy Bahama, which generates higher operating margins than our other operating groups.
Tommy Bahama



The timeless appeal of an island lifestyle, combined with strong creative execution, continues to make Tommy Bahama one of the industry's leading success stories. For the fourth consecutive year since its acquisition,Tommy Bahama posted significant growth in revenues and operating income, up 13.7% and 14%, respectively, in fiscal 2007.  Tommy Bahama's growth reflects its ability to gain share of its target consumer's "closet" by broadening its product assortment. The core men's business, for instance, continues to evolve into more classic categories, such as outerwear, sweaters and knits. This evolution and the growth of brand extensions such as Indigo Palms®, Island Soft® and RelaxTM re-enforce Tommy Bahama's brand positioning as a leading men's supplier to upper-tier department stores and specialty stores. With a successful women's swimwear line serving as its foundation, Tommy Bahama expects to continue to expand its women's business in swim-related accessories and spa and resort wear during fiscal 2008.

To Our Shareholders

 We are very enthusiastic about the launch of Tommy Bahama's newest direct-to-consumer initiative, a fully functional e-commerce site. For its debut in our second quarter, the site will initially offer an abbreviated assortment of men's sportswear. Expectations are to expand to other products as we develop the expertise to deliver the same high-quality experience on our website that consumers have grown to expect in our retail stores. Not only will an online presence provide another distribution outlet for Tommy Bahama, but the site will also provide a valuable market research tool to learn even more about the shopping preferences of our target consumers.  Tommy Bahama's e-commerce initiative will complement the brand's highly successful retail operations, which remain among the strongest-performing specialty retail businesses in the industry. We ended fiscal 2007 with 68 Company-owned retail stores nationwide that include several promising pilot projects ­ a women's store in Las V  egas, Nevada, a RELAX store in Naples, Florida, and an Indigo Palms store in Newport Beach, California.These projects are truly incubators in which to test new retail concepts and products for their respective lines.
Ben Sherman



Within Ben Sherman, we are replicating one of the key strategies that has been so successful in Tommy Bahama; namely, carefully controlled distribution to attain higher price points. This strategy is particularly effective in the United Kingdom, where the Ben Sherman brand originated and distribution had gradually broadened over the years. Careful and measured wholesale distribution also is a focus in the U.S., where Ben Sherman is steadily gaining an audience in upper-tier department and specialty stores.  As a result of our strategies to elevate distribution as well as continued weakness in Ben Sherman's home market in the U.K., sales for Ben Sherman in fiscal 2007 decreased 5.9% and operating income decreased 18.9%. Growth in sales and operating income for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007, however, supports our expectations for improving performance in fiscal 2008.  Ben Sherman's growth strategy is truly global in scope. For spring 2008, Ben Sherman is introducing a single upscale collection for all its markets rather than the market-specific collections of past seasons. This global approach will help to further elevate distribution in the U.K. and provide a more unified brand image around the world.Additionally, a global collection should reduce operational complexities and costs.  As with Tommy Bahama, retail stores are a critical component of Ben Sherman's brand development and management. Currently, we operate four full-price retail stores in the U.K., four full-price retail stores in the U.S. and, through licensee partners, seven retail stores internationally. Plans call for five additional Company-owned store openings in the U.K. and U.S. during fiscal 2008. In addition to its physical storefronts, Ben Sherman also has robust e-commerce sites for consumers in the U.S., U.K. and Germany.
L anier Clothes & Oxford Apparel

Lanier Clothes, our men's tailored clothing group, has greatly improved its strategic position over the past year by aligning its brands with the "good, better, best" pricing strategy favored by its major department store customers. The Geoffrey Beene label has been retooled as an opening price point line, while our Oscar de la Renta® team is introducing the O Oscar® label at a higher price point in fiscal 2008. Also in fiscal 2008, Kenneth Cole® branded offerings will fill the modern contemporary niche, while Nautica branded products support the traditional ground. We continue to focus on more upscale retail segments with our Arnold Brant® and Ben Sherman® branded tailored clothing.  We began fiscal 2007 with a high degree of optimism for this division. Unfortunately, consolidation among our department store customers and a dismal retail environment for tailored clothing presented an extremely challenging year. Revenues declined 8.5% and operating income declined 75.7%.We view the conditions of the past year as cyclical in nature and believe Lanier is very well positioned to rebound in fiscal 2008, even if conditions in retail remain as challenging as they have been over the past year.

NE W OPE R ATING Groups RE FLECT Corporate TR ANS FORMATION

Tommy Bahama Consists of a collection of brands, including Tommy Bahama, Indigo Palms, Island Soft, Tommy Bahama Relax and Tommy Bahama Golf 18, that market men's and women's sportswear and related products espousing a casual, elegant lifestyle. Tommy Bahama products are found in 68 of its own retail stores, as well as upscale department and specialty stores.

Be n S he rman A London-based lifestyle brand that designs, sources and markets sportswear, footwear and accessories. Ben Sherman products are found in our own stores in the United Kingdom and the United States, licensed stores in the Middle East, Asia and Australia, and in department stores and specialty stores in the U.K. and U.S.

L anier Clothes Branded and private label men's suits, sportcoats, suit separates and dress slacks that are marketed across a wide variety of price points and distribution channels. Branded products are sold under licensed labels that include Nautica, Kenneth Cole, Geoffrey Beene, Dockers and Oscar de la Renta, as well as the Company-owned Arnold Brant and Ben Sherman brands.

Oxford Appare l Produces branded and private label dress shirts, suited separates, sports shirts, dress slacks, casual slacks, outerwear, sweaters, jeans, swimwear, westernwear and golf apparel that is marketed through a variety of distribution channels.

 Rationalization and refocus have been the operative words in fiscal 2007 for Oxford Apparel, our sportswear, dress shirt and golfwear division. We have evaluated every business in this division in order to rationalize those that underperform and to refocus on those that meet our criteria for return on invested capital. As a result, a smaller but more profitable organization has emerged. Revenues were $339.3 million in fiscal 2007, compared to $352.9 million in fiscal 2006, but operating income surged 56.3% to $22.7 million in fiscal 2007 from $14.6 million in fiscal 2006 and included a $2.0 pretax gain on the sale of a distribution facility in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007.  Both Lanier Clothes and Oxford Apparel have faced tremendous pressure in recent years due to continued consolidation in the retail industry and the proliferation of direct- or self-sourcing by major domestic retailers. These trends, in part, have driven us toward the strategy of emphasizing branded apparel rather than private label products. Lanier Clothes and Oxford Apparel, however, remain formidable competitors in their respective market categories, provide scale to our operations and generate a considerable amount of free cash flow for the Company. Both enter fiscal 2008 more focused and more streamlined than ever before and we are confident of their potential for improved performance.
More Aspirations

3

Our shareholder letters have used the word "transformation" frequently in recent years as Oxford has evolved its business from a predominantly private label manufacturer into a lifestyle brand marketer. During fiscal 2007, approximately 59% of net sales were from brands owned by us, compared to approximately 2% in fiscal 2002. Such metrics tempt us to claim this transformation as largely complete. Yet, to do so would be to discount the tremendous growth opportunities that are still before us.  Tommy Bahama continues to interpret its brand promise in new manifestations that create new lines for expansion, and we have no doubt that the island lifestyle will have strong consumer appeal outside the U.S. that we will begin to pursue in fiscal 2008. Ben Sherman is rapidly developing into a global brand with a very promising retail and internet business.While both of these lifestyle brands possess ample growth potential in wholesale, retail and licensing endeavors for the foreseeable future, we also are constantly evaluating additional brands to further enhance our portfolio.  Given these opportunities and more, the transformation of this 65-year-old Company will continue. We will constantly aspire to new goals in order to create new value for customers and shareholders alike. Thank you for your continued support as we do so. Sincerely,

J. Hicks Lanier Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

