Q

From the President and Chief Executive Officer
Looking back on my first year as President and CEO, I am pleased to report that 2016 was a year of strong operational performance, constant innovation and valueenhancing growth.
We continued the strategic review started in 2013, focusing our portfolio in areas where we have depth and scale. We grew our dividend and maintained A-grade credit ratings from the major credit agencies, despite the challenging commodity market. Operational excellence worldwide fueled strong production growth, as we materially increased reserves and successfully completed major long-term projects. As significant as these achievements are, we must do more. Having great assets is only one part of the equation. Our ability to increase production organically with superior technical execution -- particularly in the Permian Basin -- is what will set us apart. We are taking meaningful steps to make sure we continue to deliver value and growth. Our goal is to invest in projects that generate long-term shareholder value, achieving returns well above our cost of capital while maintaining a conservative balance sheet. Our cash flow priorities are first to safely and responsibly maintain the business. Our second priority is shareholder dividends. Our next priority is growing and strengthening the business. Decisions to increase drilling, make acquisitions, repurchase shares or reduce debt depend on the relative value created by each choice. We remain committed to disciplined capital allocation, and have set our 2017 capital budget at $3.0 to $3.6 billion, preparing our business for an improved commodity price environment while maintaining the flexibility to adjust activity if market conditions warrant. We're designating ample capital to our Permian Resources business to accelerate development in this compelling, high-return asset. As oil prices increase, we'll stay focused on cost improvements, operating efficiencies and growing profitably. For the 14th consecutive year, the Board of Directors increased the dividend in 2016, returning $2.3 billion
2

to our shareholders. This February, the Board affirmed an annualized dividend rate of $3.04, and we expect to continue funding the dividend as our base business, completed projects and production growth support distributable cash flow. In the United States, we continue to hold a dominant position in the Permian Basin, one of the leading basins in the world. Our combined portfolio of unconventional and conventional acreage differentiates us from our competitors and provides valuable growth. Our Permian Resources business has the ability to add unconventional, short-cycle production at high rates, while our Permian EOR (Enhanced Oil Recovery) business provides reliable production and steady cash flow. Our midstream assets are complementary to and support our upstream operations in the Permian Basin, where we operate an integrated business from point of production to point of sale. Last year, we added approximately 35,000 net acres to Permian Resources' existing core position in the Delaware Basin, increasing our holdings to about 100,000 net acres in one of the best areas of the basin in terms of high-quality reservoirs and multi-bench development potential. In Permian EOR, we acquired additional working interests with 4,000 barrels of oil equivalent (BOE) per day of production, allowing us to further consolidate and maximize efficiencies. These additions allow us to capture upside value that would have otherwise been lost. Internationally, we streamlined our operations to four core countries where we have decades of experience and valuable partnerships -- Oman, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) in the Middle East and Colombia in Latin America. These long-term, low-decline assets provide a significant driver of free cash flow. Our worldwide oil and gas production was 602,000 BOE per day from ongoing operations in 2016, an increase of approximately 7 percent from a year ago, and exceeded our guidance due to better-than-expected results in Permian Resources, improved performance at Al Hosn Gas in the UAE and the successful ramp-up of Block 62 in Oman. We had an exceptionally strong year growing the company's reserve base, with estimated total proved reserves of 2.4 billion BOE at year-end 2016, compared

Q

to 2.2 billion BOE at year-end 2015. Our total company reserve replacement ratio was nearly 190 percent. We replaced about 175 percent of our domestic production, with Permian Resources replacing 290 percent of its production. Our finding and development costs were $9.65 per BOE company-wide and at a historical low of less than $9.00 per BOE for Permian Resources. Our ability to replace reserves and improve the efficiencies of our operations demonstrates our successful transformation into a more competitive domestic oil and gas producer. Our continued emphasis on efficiency has generated significant results as we pursued additional cost reductions and strengthened our base production management. Total spend per barrel -- a metric we use to calculate overhead, operating and capital cost per barrel of production -- fell nearly 30 percent in 2016 to $28.37. It is important to note that most of these improvements are sustainable. Approximately 80 percent of our drilling cost reductions are due to faster penetration rates achieved by the application of our proprietary Oxy Drilling Dynamics technology, along with improved well construction design, lower cost of materials and enhanced logistics. We also operate a world-class chemical business that generates high financial returns. OxyChem's new ethylene cracker at its Ingleside, Texas, complex began commercial operations in the first quarter of 2017. This 50/50 joint venture with Mexichem is part of a long-term strategic supply relationship between the companies. Construction of the ethylene cracker demonstrates our core competency in delivering major projects on time and within budget. Another example in 2016 was our new oil storage and export terminal in Ingleside. A feasibility and engineering study is underway for a potential expansion of Al Hosn Gas, which we built with our joint venture partner ADNOC. I want to highlight the steps we're taking to build a bestin-class workforce. We've used the downturn to deploy our talented employees to the field and other parts of our business to learn new skills and bring a fresh perspective. By concentrating on technical work, with an emphasis on creativity, collaboration and accountability, we're seeing results, particularly in subsurface design, drilling, engineering innovation and integrated planning. Occidental has long been recognized as a leader in enhanced oil recovery; we are now achieving a similar level of success in our unconventional operations with longer laterals than ever, better wellbore placement, stimulation design and other improvements.

Our commitment to safety is unchanged. In 2016, we achieved our highest-rated employee safety rating, based on the U.S. Department of Labor's Injury and Illness Incidence Rates. Unfortunately, there were several serious contractor-related incidents; while such incidents are rare, our goal is to prevent them altogether. Occidental strives to be a Partner of Choice® everywhere we operate, and was honored to be named No. 1 in the Mining, Crude-Oil Production category in FORTUNE's 2016 World's Most Admired Companies list for the 9th year in a row. Corporate Responsibility Magazine ranked Occidental among the 100 Best Corporate Citizens for 2016. Conventional wisdom might hold that it's contradictory for an oil and gas company to offer both value and growth, but I strongly disagree. Occidental's high-quality assets, track record of operational excellence, and commitment to capital discipline and dividend growth demonstrate we can do just that. The strength of our portfolio today has enabled us to transition from dependence on M&A to organic growth. The Permian Basin and our core four international operations all have significant remaining resource potential waiting to be unlocked, and we have the technical expertise to make that happen. Thank you to the Board, my fellow employees, investors and other stakeholders for your support. I am committed to our mission of developing our energy resources safely, profitably and responsibly, so that we can continue to deliver meaningful results for our partners, investors and stakeholders. It is a privilege to be part of a company as dynamic and innovative as Occidental, and I am excited about the opportunities ahead.

Vicki Hollub
President and Chief Executive Officer

Occidental 2016 Annual Report

4

