                   2
Occidental Permian Basin operations near Midland, Texas
Focus, Discipline, Performance From the Chief Executive Officer

                   For more than 20 years I have been a part of Occidental’s senior management, and therefore bear considerable responsibility for decisions made throughout my tenure. Some turned out well, some poorly, and many were neither. During that period, our goals and priorities have remained very much the same. We believe that doing a few things well is better than doing many things average.
We take significant risks, including product price fluctuations and development execution. We avoid exploration and financial risks. Our cash flow priorities are first to safely
and responsibly maintain the business. Our second priority is shareholder dividends. Dividends provide discipline to ensure that share issuances and investments are truly accretive. Our next priority is growing and strengthening the business. Decisions to increase drilling, make acquisitions, repurchase shares or reduce debt depend on the relative value created by each choice. Our goal in every case is to invest to earn returns well above our cost of capital.
When I joined the company in 1994, Occidental looked very different. Production was sourced from more than a dozen nations, and we had over 40 active exploration programs
in 25 foreign countries. Nearly two-thirds of the company’s cash flow was generated by our chemical segment and a gas pipeline business.
Due to this lack of focus, we couldn’t compete effectively across our portfolio to provide long-term, higher returns for our shareholders. While conventional wisdom in the industry at the time encouraged the global pursuit of new fields in less proven acreage, we worked to streamline our portfolio, acquiring large, “legacy” oil and gas assets with long-term growth potential. This included acquiring mature fields in the United States, such as in the Permian Basin, one of the premier producing regions in the world.
We continue to hold a dominant position in the Permian Basin that provides economies of scale and oil development potential through our high-growth unconventional resources business and low-cost enhanced oil recovery operations. Our midstream assets are complementary to, and support, our upstream operations in the region, where we operate an integrated business from the point of production to the point of sale.
Internationally, we are regarded as a premier partner in world-class projects in Oman, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates in the Middle East, as well as in Colombia. We have been an active investor in these areas for more than four decades. This portfolio generates free cash flow while providing modest volume growth.
Our chemical business, OxyChem, produces basic chemicals and vinyls and is first or second in the United States for
the principal products it manufactures and markets. The company is a safety leader in its industry and a
consistently profitable performer, generating high financial returns and providing free cash flow to the corporation.
Declining and volatile commodity prices made 2015 a difficult year for Occidental and the oil and gas industry. 2016 will continue to be challenging. In this environment, we will need to both manage our cost structure as well as look for ways to grow the business. In adversity there is often opportunity. During industry downturns, situations may arise to invest in overlooked assets.
I am pleased with the appointment of my colleague Vicki Hollub to succeed me as chief executive officer. She takes the helm of a streamlined and more focused company with a strong balance sheet that is a formidable industry competitor positioned to exploit opportunities that may present themselves. Vicki’s outstanding track record of efficiently and profitably growing our oil and gas business, combined with her extensive operational and leadership experience, make her the right person to lead our organization today and meet the challenges facing our industry going forward.
I appreciate the many co-workers I’ve had the privilege
to work with since joining the company in 1994. I am grateful for the support of Occidental’s investors and
other stakeholders through the years. Occidental is in a strong position with quality assets, modest debt and sound leadership. It has been an honor to serve as the CEO for such a dynamic company in this vital, global industry.
Stephen I. Chazen
Chief Executive Officer
   Occidental 2015 Annual Report 3
