 TO OUR STOCKHOLdERS
 uring the past year, Penske Automotive Group achieved record results for retail unit sales, revenue, income from continuing operations and earnings per share. Our business produced an 18% increase in revenue to just over $13 billion while adjusted1
income from continuing operations increased 26% and related earnings per share improved 27%.
 The record performance is directly attributable to the dedication of, and outstanding execution by, our human capital – the nearly 17,000 worldwide team members and seasoned management team – each of whom drive our performance every day.
at penske automotive group, our business success is driven by our core values. These values – the importance of human capital, maintaining oem relationships, our commitment to a premium brand mix, diversification, capital investment and fostering repeat and referral business through a commitment to customer satisfaction and exceeding expectations – are the key building blocks that drive our business every day.
Roger S. Penske Chairman
The past year was particularly rewarding as our U.k.-based operations
were recognized among the Best Big Companies To Work For, finishing in third place on the annual list produced by the Sunday Times. in addition, five of our U.s.-based dealerships were named to the Automotive News inaugural list of 100 Best Dealerships To Work For in the United states. We are extremely proud of these recognitions and congratulate every person on these teams.
Motorwerks BMW
1 excludes costs associated with the redemption of the company’s $375 million of 7.75% senior subordinated notes due 2016 of $17.8 million ($13.0 million net of taxes), or $0.14 per share in 2012. 2011 excludes a net income tax benefit reflecting a positive adjustment for the resolution of certain items in the U.k. of $17.0 million ($0.19 per share), partially offset by a reduction of deferred tax assets of $6.0 million, or $0.07 per share.
 
  AutoVanti MINI
during 2012, we invested more than $115 million in the expansion and improvement of our dealership operations, including newly built or remodeled facilities in many locations. over the last ten-plus years, we have committed more than $2 billion for facility improvements designed to drive the individual look and feel of our dealerships and to enhance our oem relationships for the brands we represent.
investing in facilities is an important element of our culture. it’s what motivates our team members, improves our performance and drives our desire to exceed the expectations of our customers. in addition to our facility investments, we complemented our existing brand mix by completing several strategic acquisitions with estimated annualized revenues of approximately $750 million.
Through these efforts we continued to diversify our geographic footprint and business model. in January, we entered the northern ireland market with the purchase of a dealership group located mainly in belfast. in november, we expanded into our eighteenth state in the continental U.s. by acquiring two dealerships in madison, Wisconsin. We also strengthened our position in southern california with the acquisition of bmW and mini dealerships. in september, we became the franchisee of the hertz rental car operations for
both on-airport and off-airport locations in the memphis, Tennessee, market. We also established a joint venture in italy for the bmW/mini brands where we now operate seven franchises in bologna and monza.
“Our business success is driven by our core values — the importance of human capital, maintaining OEM relationships, our commitment to a premium brand mix, diversification, capital investment and fostering repeat and referral business through a commitment to customer satisfaction and exceeding expectations.”
– Roger S. Penske
  
 during 2012, our revenue mix was 64% from U.s. operations and 36% international, and our industry-leading position of revenue attributable to premium/luxury nameplates was 70%, while the percentage of our total revenue attributable to foreign nameplates was 96%.
in march, we completed ten years of operation in the United kingdom. since entering that market in 2002, our revenues have increased five times – from $900 million in 2002 to approximately $4.5 billion in 2012. We remain the largest premium/ luxury retailer in the U.k. market, ranking either as #1 or #2 with audi, bentley, bmW, Ferrari, maserati, land Rover, lexus, mercedes-benz and porsche.
West London Audi
during 2012, the company solidified its capital structure and locked in attractive interest rates to enhance our financial flexibility and continue the execution of our growth strategies by issuing $550 million in senior subordinated notes with an interest rate of 5.75%. This allowed us to redeem our outstanding senior subordinated convertible notes for cash and refinance our existing 7.75% senior subordinated notes, generating a 200-basis-point reduction in the interest rate while pushing out the maturity from 2016 to 2022, a six-year improvement.
We continue returning capital to stockholders through stock repurchases, dividends and share appreciation. in 2012, we repurchased 405,000 shares of company stock for an average price of $24.31, and increased the cash dividend four times, most recently to $0.14 per share, while pag shares appreciated 56% during 2012.
 
 With a strong balance sheet, a solid foundation and a positive outlook for the automotive industry, our business is poised for continued growth. We will continue to evaluate our market position, and we remain committed to pursuing strategic and opportunistic acquisitions to help our company grow.
as we look forward to 2013, we remain confident in the ability of our business model to adapt to changing market conditions. We see a backdrop of an improving U.s. marketplace driven by pent-up demand, excellent credit availability and significant new model launches as key elements which should drive a strong market.
i want to thank every member of the penske automotive group team for their continued support to our long-term success. as the most important asset in our organization, the passion they show for pursuing customer satisfaction, exceeding expectations and moving our business forward continues to energize the management team each day.
Roger s. penske chairman
  Service bay with tool benches, drop ceilings, and tiled floors.
Porsche Tysons Corner
