                           TO OUR VALUED STOCKHOLDERS:
Over the course of the past year, the success of our company was driven by core values, including the commitment to exceed expectations at all levels of our organization. These core values are the key building blocks that drive our business every day.
To that end, we relentlessly focus on partnerships with our customers, the manufacturers we represent, and our key strategies of geographic and brand diversification, targeted capital investment, enhancing shareholder value and reiterating the importance of our team, the Human Capital of our company. Focusing on these key attributes in 2013, we achieved significant performance records for retail unit sales, revenue, expense leverage, income from continuing operations and earnings per share.
Roger S. Penske
Chairman and CEO
 In 2013, our business retailed more than 366,200 new and pre-owned vehicles while generating a 12% increase in revenue to $14.7 billion, including retail revenue growth of over 10% on a same-store basis. At the same time, we streamlined our operations and improved operating leverage resulting in a 21% increase in income from continuing operations and earnings per share when compared to adjusted figures in the prior year, which exclude a $17.8 million charge we incurred for refinancing long-term senior subordinated debt to strengthen our balance sheet and provide additional capital for the long-term benefit of our company.
Perhaps most important was the operating leverage we generated in our business. Driven by our scale and the growth in our overall business, we leveraged our expenses as the ratio of selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of gross profit improved by 110 basis points.
 Porsche of North Scottsdale
   
     AutoVanti Group Bologna
2013 ANNUAL REPORT
BEST COMPANIES TO WORK FOR
Again in 2013, our U.S.-based automotive dealerships were recognized as some of the best companies to work for in automotive retail with six named to the Automotive News list of Best 100 Dealerships To Work For. In the U.K., our company was named to the 25 Best Big Companies to Work For list by the Sunday Times, the sixth year in a row for this distinction. These recognitions exemplify the commitment of our employees and the unwavering support of the management team. We are extremely proud of these accomplishments and congratulate each person who made these recognitions possible.
STRATEGIC INVESTMENTS
To foster the partnership with our customers
and the manufacturers we represent, we
invested more than $138 million in capital to
build, renovate or improve our facilities and
install new tools such as customer relationship
management systems, new website
applications that may be downloaded from
the iTunes or Google Play app stores and
upgrades to our existing websites. We believe these investments will help our team drive superior customer satisfaction while enhancing existing relationships with manufacturers.
We continued to grow our business by complementing our existing brand mix with the completion of several strategic acquisitions aimed to provide long-term growth. In 2013, we acquired businesses with estimated annualized revenues of approximately $850 million, which strengthened our brand mix and continued to diversify the geographic footprint of our company.
 ÒWe continued to grow our business by complementing our existing brand mix with the completion of several strategic acquisitions aimed to provide long-term growth.Ó

                           AUTOMOTIVE DEALERSHIPS
In our automotive dealership business, we acquired or were granted open points representing ten new automotive franchises providing us with an opportunity to further leverage our scale in several key markets. We remain opportunistic in our approach to identifying acquisition candidates and believe the largely unconsolidated marketplace provides abundant opportunities for growth.
We maintained our industry-leading position of revenue attributable to premium brands, with 69% of our automotive dealership retail revenue generated from the sale and service of these brands last year. In addition, we remain the largest premium/luxury retailer in the U.K. market, ranking either as the #1 or #2 dealer for Audi, Bentley, BMW, Ferrari, Maserati, Land Rover, Lexus, Mercedes-Benz and Porsche.
COMMERCIAL VEHICLE DISTRIBUTION
 In 2013, we entered the Australian,
New Zealand and Southeast Asia
markets by acquiring Western Star
Trucks Australia, the exclusive importer
and distributor of heavy and medium-duty commercial vehicles for Western Star, MAN trucks and buses and Dennis Eagle refuse collection vehicles, together with related parts distribution. We believe this acquisition presents us with higher-margin revenues and offers a platform to potentially expand operations in these markets.
CAR RENTAL
We also took the next step with our car rental operations by adding markets throughout Indiana to our existing presence in Memphis, Tennessee. We now manage over fifty on and off-airport locations. These car rental operations provide new and pre-owned car synergies to our automotive dealerships and an attractive source of off-rental vehicles available for sale in our dealerships. As we look toward 2014 and beyond, we see the car rental operations as an important step in augmenting our pre-owned car business.
Audi Chantilly
   
     2013 ANNUAL REPORT
ENHANCING SHAREHOLDER VALUE
Success in these initiatives has allowed our company to continue returning capital to shareholders. We achieved new milestones last year with PAG shares appreciating 57% while our market capitalization grew to over $4 billion at the end of the year. At the same time, we continued a disciplined approach to capital allocation, completing share repurchases and increasing our dividend. During the year, we repurchased 507,818 shares of company stock for an average price of $31.16, and increased the cash dividend four times, most recently to $0.18 per share while increasing our dividend payout ratio to 26%.
With a strong balance sheet and a favorable outlook across our automotive dealership, commercial vehicle and car rental businesses, we are poised for growth. We will continue to evaluate our market position, and we remain committed to pursuing strategic and opportunistic acquisitions to help our company achieve long-term success and prosperity.
Our record-breaking performance in 2013 is directly attributable to the outstanding contributions of the nearly 18,000 worldwide team members that drive our business each day. They are the most important asset in our organization. Their passion in pursuing customer satisfaction, exceeding expectations and driving improvement across our organization continues to move our business forward, ensuring our long-term success.
Roger S. Penske Chairman
Hudson Toyota
 ÒOur record-breaking performance in 2013 is directly attributable to the outstanding contributions of the nearly 18,000 worldwide team members that drive our business each day.Ó
