 TO OUR VALUED STOCKHOLDERS:
 Roger S. Penske
Chairman
The recently completed year was the best in the history of our company. Our business achieved new performance records for retail unit sales, revenue, income from continuing operations and earnings per share. In 2014, our business retailed more than 398,000 new and used vehicles while generating a 19 percent increase in revenue to $17.2 billion, including same-store automotive retail revenue growth of nearly 12 percent.
Oklahoma and New Mexico for the Freightliner and Western Star brands. We further enhanced our scale by acquiring two additional locations in Knoxville and Chattanooga in early 2015, bringing our number of locations to 16. The Freightliner brand has the largest market share percentage across the North American heavy-duty truck market. These commercial vehicle dealerships retail new and used medium- and heavy-duty trucks while offering a full suite of maintenance and repair services, along with the sale of parts that provide more than 65 percent of the overall gross profit within the commercial vehicle dealership business.
Commercial Vehicle Distribution We also enhanced our commercial vehicle distribution business with the acquisition of an engine, power systems and related spare parts distribution business that serves both the on- and off-highway markets in Australia, New Zealand and the Pacific. We believe this acquisition fits nicely with our existing truck distribution business, providing a seamless organization for the benefit of our customers in this region and provides us an opportunity to begin scaling our operations.
Enhancing Stockholder Value With the record- setting performance of our company, the Board of Directors raised the cash dividend for the fourteenth consecutive quarter, most recently to 22 cents per share, providing further returns to our stockholders. The dividend payout ratio is now approximately 26 percent, while the dividend yield is 1.8 percent, the highest in automotive retail.
Outlook As we move forward, we remain committed to pursuing strategic and opportunistic acquisitions to help our company achieve long-term success and prosperity while continuing to foster organic growth across each area of our business. The retail automotive markets in both the U.S. and U.K. remain strong while the outlook for the North American medium- and heavy-duty truck markets remains robust. Over the long term, we are optimistic about the opportunity within our commercial vehicle distribution business in Australia, as the average age of the truck fleet signals the need for replacement demand in the future. Additionally, the power systems business provides another layer of diversification along with a consistent approach to customer service across the spectrum of our core distribution products. Finally, with a favorable economic backdrop across many of our markets, a strong balance sheet and significant liquidity, we are poised to deliver exceptional results.
Roger S. Penske Chairman
During the year, we expanded, enhanced and further diversified the footprint of our business, completing acquisitions representing more than $1 billion in estimated annualized revenue. These acquisitions provide an exceptional platform to enhance our further growth and profitability. Our business is now aligned across retail automotive dealerships, commercial vehicle dealerships and commercial vehicle distribution, providing significant diversification within our business model.
Our record-breaking performance is directly attributable to the outstanding contributions of the more than 22,000 worldwide team members who drive our business each day. They are the most important asset in our organization. Their passion in pursuing customer satisfaction, exceeding expectations and driving improvement across our organization continues to drive our business forward, ensuring our long-term success.
Best Companies to Work For In 2014, twelve of our U.S.-based automotive dealerships were recognized by Automotive News as part of the Best 100 Dealerships to Work For. Further, in the U.K., our company was named to the 25 Best Big Companies to Work For list by the Sunday Times for the seventh year in a row. We are extremely proud of these accomplishments.
Automotive Dealerships We remain opportunistic in our approach to identifying acquisition candidates and believe the largely unconsolidated retail automotive marketplace provides abundant opportunities for continued growth. Last year, we added to our automotive dealership scale with acquisitions in both the U.S. and U.K., and established a joint venture to operate BMW/ MINI dealerships in Barcelona, Spain.
Commercial Vehicle Dealerships During the year, we identified a new growth market for our company, the medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicle dealership market in the United States. With more than 2,000 dealerships, this largely unconsolidated industry provides another avenue for our business to continue its growth at attractive acquisition prices. During the year, we acquired a controlling interest (91 percent) in a commercial truck dealership business operating locations in Texas,
2014 ANNUAL REPORT
 