TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
2013 was a developmental year for PBF Energy as we continued to progress our strategy of increasing access to cost-advantaged North American crudes, while maintaining our flexibility to take advantage of price dislocations in the waterborne crude market.
Our results for 2013 reflect strong operational performance in the face of weaker benchmark crack spreads and generally narrower crude oil differentials. Operating income was $320 million for the year, and adjusted pro forma net income was $1.48 per share, on a fully-exchanged and fully-diluted basis. We finished 2013 with a cash balance of $77 million, total liquidity in excess of $600 million and a debt to capitalization ratio of 30%.
Total capital expenditures for 2013, net of rail car purchases and sales, were $313 million, which include a number of margin-improvement investments and a major turnaround. Projects were completed on the East Coast that allow Paulsboro and Delaware City to produce 100% ultra-low sulfur diesel or ultra- low sulfur heating oil. This transition gives us the ability to pursue the products with the highest netback for the company as seasonal demand changes. The coker and hydrocracker turnaround completed at Delaware City in the fourth quarter followed a record 26-month run, of the coker complex, which is both a safety and operational benchmark.
A particular bright spot for the year was PBF’s overall performance in the Health, Safety and Environmental (HSE) areas. PBF Energy maintains the overriding goals of working safely, running reliably and operating in an environmentally responsible manner. In 2013, PBF achieved many HSE milestones including the recertification of our Paulsboro Refinery as a Voluntary Protection Program Star Site by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (“OSHA”), and a new employee safety record at our Delaware City refinery by having only a single employee OSHA-recordable case at that location. We continue to work with Federal, State and local agencies to improve mutual cooperation and maintain our status as responsible neighbors and good corporate citizens.
Our top priority, as always, is to operate our facilities in a safe, reliable and environmentally responsible manner. We fully understand that without this foundation firmly in place, we cannot be successful. Safety performance in all three refineries was better than the refining industry average with our refining system's average total employee recordable incident rate (TRIR) at 0.71 versus the industry average of 0.89. Our contractor TRIR also improved to 0.46 versus an industry average of 0.77.
We continued to invest in our East Coast rail facilities and have committed to lead the industry when it comes to the safety of our rail operations. In February 2013, we completed our 105,000 barrel per day light crude unloading facility and have since announced plans to expand its capacity to approximately 130,000 barrels per day by adding additional unloading points. Our 40,000 barrel per day heavy crude unloading facility was operational for all of 2013 and we are in the process of expanding our heavy crude discharge capacity to 80,000 barrels per day. Along with our rail facilities expansions, we are also continuing to grow our PBF Energy-controlled fleet of rail cars.
The rail car fleet that PBF Energy has ordered, and is taking delivery of, is comprised entirely of DOT- 111A cars, which are of the latest design and have many improved safety features compared to later- model cars. The thicker shells, half-head shields and other protective coverings improve the safety performance of the cars. PBF Energy has committed to use only these new-style DOT-111A cars for the delivery of crude oil to our Delaware City refinery and this practice will be fully in place in the first half of 2014. PBF Energy will continue to be an industry supporter of increasing the safety of rail operations across the entire logistics chain.
             
  We believe our efforts to expand our access to North American crude oils and maintaining our traditional access to water-borne crude oils have positioned our East Coast assets to take advantage of any opportunities that the market might offer. Our East Coast refineries are advantaged in two important areas relative to our competition in PADD 1. First, the Delaware City refinery’s 5,000-acre setting has provided us with the unique opportunity, for an East Coast asset, to build an extensive onsite rail crude oil unloading facility versus using third party facilities to trans-load and transport these crudes. This results in an embedded $2.50 to $3.00 per barrel lower cost of supplying these crudes to our East Coast refineries versus other refiners in the region. Secondly, and importantly, our Delaware City and Paulsboro refineries remain the only refineries in the region with the units necessary to process heavy and sour crude oils.
As the markets have adjusted to increased North American crude oil production, we have seen several favorable price dislocations in the crude oil market which have allowed us to take advantage of wider differentials and realize lower landed crude costs at our refineries. We believe these favorable price dislocations for both North American and water-borne crude oil will continue to occur as North American refineries adjust their inputs to reflect the new realities of crude supply and availability in North America. We feel that PBF Energy is positioned to move quickly to capitalize on any favorable pricing opportunities, whether they are North American or water-born barrels.
As we look forward to the year ahead and beyond, we remain focused on increasing shareholder value through both organic and external growth opportunities. Our board and management remain committed to enhancing shareholder value and continue to support a regular annual dividend, paid quarterly, of $1.20 per share.
Following the initial public offering in December 2012, we have been busy in the capital markets. Our private equity sponsors continued to reduce their holdings in the company through three secondary offerings, one in June 2013, a second in January 2014 and a third in March 2014. In total, our sponsors have sold almost 46 million shares since our IPO and reduced their holdings from over 70% to just over 22% of the company. The significance of this is that PBF Energy is no longer a “controlled company”; our public shareholder base has expanded and our flexibility to pursue our long-term goals has increased. We also successfully exchanged our $675 million of unregistered notes for registered notes which provides our bond investors with increased flexibility regarding their investments.
Before concluding, we would like to thank all of PBF’s employees, at both our refineries and our headquarters, whose dedication and commitment to excellence are the foundations for our success. Additionally, we thank our Board of Directors for the oversight and leadership that they provide.
Finally, we thank our shareholders. We are well aware of the investment and confidence you have placed in PBF and we will continue to work diligently to reward that trust.
Sincerely,
Tom O’Malley   Tom Nimbley Executive Chairman   Chief Executive Officer
               