  Fellow shareholders:
In today’s competitive market, few companies get a second act, much less a second century. Some of the most iconic companies have survived and prospered for more than 100 years — companies like Procter & Gamble, 3M, ExxonMobil, and General Electric. One study found that fewer than 1 in 10 publicly traded companies in the U.S. are 100 years old or older.
What sets these companies apart? It is the ability to adapt and succeed in the face of changing markets, disruptive technologies and new business models — not just once or twice, but consistently over the decades.
As we approach our second century as an industry leader, you won’t find any complacency on our part. We know there is no manifest destiny for corporations. We have to earn our leadership and continued longevity every day. This is why we’re working so hard to transform Pitney Bowes — to achieve our vision of delivering innovative physical and digital products and solutions to our clients around the world.
To us, longevity is less a goal but more a symbol of what we’re able to do for our clients and shareholders, day in and day out.
Disruption and Transformation
To build a strong bridge to our second century, we need to have solid footings in both the physical and digital worlds. We have to be successful in our traditional businesses, like mailing, as we build new leadership positions in software and digital commerce. Our clients need us to be great at both.
Much has changed since Arthur Pitney joined Walter Bowes to commercialize the first postage meter and create the modern mailing industry we lead today. For decades, business was a series of predominantly physical transactions until the Internet and e-commerce disrupted the business models most companies knew best and created a world of vast new possibilities — and new competitors.
Marc B. Lautenbach
President and Chief Executive Officer
Michael Monahan
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
  Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2014 1

Letter to Shareholders
This disruption continues to accelerate as the business world embraces new software and applications, cloud computing, mobility and social media. Pitney Bowes
is transforming to take advantage of these enormous shifts and to extend our leadership into this new, hybrid world. Whether we are simplifying overseas shipping for our eCommerce clients or enabling major social media platforms to use our location intelligence technology, our clients are finding value in our ability to help them navigate the complex world of commerce and create lasting impact for their own customers.
Transforming a company is a significant undertaking, but we have the strategy, the assets, and the team to succeed. We are building on our formidable strengths — a culture of innovation, market-leading technologies, and an enviable base of more than
14B
pieces of mail presorted by Pitney Bowes in 2014
now committed to reducing our going-rate expense by another $100 –$125 million by 2017.
Our third strategic priority is growing our business through digital commerce. Two years ago we identified a series of digital markets that represented approximately $25 billion of opportunity growing at a double-digit rate. In 2014, we grew our Digital Commerce Solutions segment by more than 20 percent. Longer term we expect to grow at double-digit rates in these markets. By 2017, we expect this segment will represent 30 –35 percent of our total revenues.
We’ve accomplished a great deal in a short period of time and delivered on our commitments. For the first time in several years, we grew revenue for the full year. We also met our 2014 objectives for adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow. We were able to do this
Powering Physical and Digital Commerce
   of the Fortune 500 use our products and solutions
  1.5 million clients. We also have an outstanding team of experienced leaders who have built businesses, launched new brands, and optimized sales operations in this new world of commerce.
Our Progress
While it’s still early in our multiyear journey, we have made tremendous progress on the three strategic priorities we introduced in May 2013.
The first is to stabilize our mail business. We have moderated the rate of decline in our SMB business during the past two years. We have taken important steps to evolve our go-to-market model to make it more robust, effective, and efficient to reach clients. We also grew services in our Enterprise business, where we sorted more than 14 billion pieces of U.S. mail last
year alone.
Our second strategic priority is to drive operational excellence. We continue to enhance our business processes, reduce inefficiencies, and streamline the organization. We have reduced our days sales outstanding and inventory levels. In fact, our inventory is a little more than half what it was in 2012. In May 2013, we committed to reducing our going-rate expense by
$100 –$125 million by 2015. We did that, and we are
 2 Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2014

 while simultaneously making important investments in our systems, our products, and our brand. In short, we are building for the long term, but keeping our commitments along the way.
We reached a significant milestone in January when
we relaunched our brand strategy and identity to better reflect our role in this changing world of commerce
and growing relevance to a wider audience around the world. Our new brand reflects our ability to deliver with accuracy, precision, and impact across the connected and borderless world of commerce.
Creating Value
Our transformation has a singular purpose — to help our clients succeed in the physical and digital worlds
of commerce. From small businesses to 90 percent of the Fortune 500, our clients need to get it right every time and need a partner who can deliver the business outcomes they want, cost-efficiently. We are using our capabilities and experience to deliver innovative solutions — from helping clients use data to market to their best customers, to enabling the efficient sending of parcels and packages, to securing payments through statements and invoices.
In our core mailing business, we continue to help small and medium businesses simplify their shipping and mailing operations, while improving impact. For example, we are extending our Connect+® technology to lower volume mailers, allowing more businesses to access our online services and print custom-marketing messages to enhance client engagement. Our cloud-based Mailstream on Demand solution allows clients to create, manage, and distribute their critical communications through physical and digital channels.
Our ability to marry physical and digital transactions helps clients deliver a positive experience to their own customers and grow their businesses. Consider the demanding world of online shopping. It’s estimated that 1.2 billion online shoppers globally spent nearly $1.5 trillion in 2014 on digital purchases. Most of these digital transactions are completed with a physical product. We help do both.
Delivering Unmatched Accuracy and Precision
B-Source Outline, a leading Swiss business process outsourcing company specializing
in multichannel client communication management, serves the highly regulated European banking industry. Leveraging Pitney Bowes production mail technology, including the Mailstream Productivity Series, Mailstream EvolutionTM Inserting System,
and Print+ MessengerTM Color Inkjet System, B-Source produces and distributes personalized and confidential statements and invoices that reach the right person, while increasing productivity by up to 200 percent. Pitney Bowes technology gives B-Source unmatched control and visibility into every document produced; setting a new standard of accuracy and precision to better meet the needs of their clients. “Pitney Bowes is the only company today that can help us fulfill our compliance requirements. The solution provides an unmatched level of security.
For our private banking clients, accuracy must be 100%,” said Rene Felder, CEO, B-Source Outline.
                                   Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2014 3

Letter to Shareholders
Gaining Traction in Digital Commerce
growth in2014
22% of total PBI revenue
Our cross-border shipping solution enables U.S. eBay sellers to reach buyers in 64 countries
Lifestyle shoe retailer PlanetShoes sells more than 200 brands of hard-to-find shoes, boots, bags, and accessories, and ships to more than 20 countries. Their customers want to see all of the duties, taxes, fees, and timing associated with international shipping before they buy. The online retailer uses our Global eCommerce solution to remove the guesswork of cross-border buying and selling to deliver a seamless — and successful — shopping experience, giving PlanetShoes the confidence to expand.
Printlaser, the largest printing company in Brazil, serves its country’s biggest banks and telecommunications operations. Responsible for more than 25 percent of Brazil’s transactional volume, Printlaser was looking for ways to make its workflow more efficient, reduce costs, and expand its business. The company is now using
a combination of our production mailing hardware integrated with our customer engagement software to create and distribute more than 1.5 billion documents per year. This allows Printlaser to deliver targeted
client communications with greater impact, accuracy, and precision.
Our location intelligence capabilities are turning data into insight our clients are finding invaluable. Clients are using our geographic data and geospatial analysis to make smarter strategic decisions, uncover new opportunities, and target customers. Our technology also makes it possible for 1.2 billion people around the world to check in on social media.
We remain focused on innovation driven by what our clients need, and we plan to launch several solutions this year that help clients connect physical and digital communications in new, more powerful ways.
A Strong Business
When we began this transformation we divested businesses that were not core or providing adequate returns. We used those proceeds primarily to pay
down debt. Today, we have investment-grade ratios
and have created a very strong foundation for our business. Now in the next phase of our capital allocation strategy, we are maintaining a balanced and disciplined approach and are investing in the business to create
reduction in SG&A since 2012
$100M debt paid down in 2014
reduction in inventory since 2012
                             4 Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2014

                   Growing Our
Digital Assets
What if you could make each of your 15 million customers
feel unique? Nationwide Building Society, the United Kingdom’s largest member-owned financial institution, uses Pitney Bowes PortraitTM Software to help create real-time customer profiles that enable its associates to offer specific programs and promotions that are aligned with customer history and needs. This holistic view of the customer’s banking history and previous transactions helps Nationwide provide personalized service and better meet its customers’ needs at every interaction. Working with Pitney Bowes, Nationwide is able to treat each of its customers like one in 15 million.
additional value. In 2014 we delivered more than
$200 million of capital back to our shareholders through dividends and share buybacks.
Our progress so far demonstrates the resilience and sustainability of our business model as well as our potential. We’re global and have leading, defendable market positions in our core businesses. We have substantial, recurring revenue — which drives significant cash flow — and a strong balance sheet that supports a strong dividend. We have already identified considerable productivity enhancements and have a long track record of delivering efficiencies that continue to streamline our operations. We are creating a common set of processes and systems that allow us to execute more efficiently and at the same time pursue the tremendous growth opportunities in digital commerce.
A Bridge to Our Second Century
Of course, it takes more than products and business models to enable a company to reach its second century. It takes vision and an inspired team able to drive transformation. We have that at Pitney Bowes — 15,000 people who share a rich culture of innovation and are dedicated to doing the right things the right way for our clients and shareholders. They are guided by proven leaders who have experience delivering on the challenges and potential in front of us.
Our 95th anniversary in April is an important milestone in our history, but it is just that, a milestone. Our ambitions are greater and our vision is longer. We want to take a company that has made markets and prospered for nearly 100 years and make it a leader in driving the physical and digital transformations that define the 21st century and our second century.
One thing that will remain consistent is our unwavering commitment to delivering value to our clients and shareholders. I am grateful to you, our shareholders, for your support of our strategy and our vision to build a new, revitalized, and energized Pitney Bowes that
will lead for decades to come.
Marc B. Lautenbach
President and
Chief Executive Officer
                                                      Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2014 5
