 2
I am pleased to report that Pitney Bowes had another excellent year, with our strongest organic growth in five years and operating margins that improved across all of our core businesses.
Even more important than a single year’s strong performance, though, is the mounting success of our long-term growth strategies. Nearly a quarter of our revenue now comes from businesses we have acquired since 2001. In another measure of our ability to deliver sustainable growth, nearly
50 percent of revenue is now generated by our
six diversified growth engines — international operations, mail services, payment solutions,
small business solutions, software solutions
and supplies. Simply put, we are not the same company we were just five years ago. We are profiting from new opportunities, including some that were not even on the horizon back then, and acting with the agility needed to seize emerging opportunities as they appear.
Many factors affect performance in a given quarter or year. For example, the U.S. Postal Service® mandate for the phased migration to digital
Michael J. Critelli
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
meters contributed to the strong performance of our mailing systems business in the U.S. But it is also clear that our growth strategies are helping to accelerate growth.
Among other highlights:
> Software revenue grew to 5 percent of total
revenue, compared to 1 percent five years ago.
> Our Mail Services businesses, including the PSI
Group, IMEX and Imagitas, our newly acquired marketing services company, all delivered double-digit revenue growth.
> Pitney Bowes Management Services doubled its cross-sell activity. Although the increase came on a modest base, cross-sell will be one of our priorities going forward.
> The Document Messaging Technologies group grew the business it does with direct mail houses, an important new market for us,
by more than 130 percent.
> Our geocoding business, part of Group 1 Software and one of our most promising new ventures, more than doubled revenue from software licenses.
> Our supplies business generated double-digit revenue growth throughout the world.
The letter on page 31 from Bruce Nolop, our Chief Financial Officer, provides additional perspective on our financial results. I will focus here on our strategic direction.
The Mailstream
For several years now, I have been talking with investors about expanding our presence in the mailstream. But the term “mailstream,” our research reveals, also helps the marketplace — customers and prospects alike — better understand the diversity and complexity of our industry today and the full breadth and depth of our value proposition. For that reason, in 2005
Chairman’s Letter

 we moved to establish the mailstream as a new business category through an integrated marketing campaign that began with an event we held at
the New York Stock Exchange. Our focus on the mailstream now is the natural outgrowth of the strategic direction we established in 2000.
As you may recall, we concluded then that our future lay in what we know best — integrated
mail and document management solutions. We set out to build on these core businesses and expand into adjacent spaces, through small-to-midsize acquisitions and organic investments in other areas of the business. Our goal was to assemble a portfolio of related businesses and add new streams of recurring revenue with minimum risk. Since then, we have significantly expanded our capabilities beyond our traditional businesses.
We have completed 56 acquisitions totaling
$1.7 billion, launched a steady stream of products with advanced features not available from our competitors, and developed new services tailored to industries with unique mail and document needs. A good example is the Legal Solutions group we launched in 2005 with our acquisition of Compulit, one of the premier providers of litigation support services to top U.S. law firms and many Fortune 100 companies.
The mailstream is immense, diverse and rapidly changing. Far from being eclipsed by the Internet and other channels of communication, the mailstream works in concert with these channels and enhances their effectiveness. For example, research shows that first-time visitors to a company’s Web site who receive a catalog in the mail from that company are more than twice as likely to purchase at the Web site. Research also shows that the higher a person's income, the more mail that person sends and receives.
We define the mailstream as the almost infinite variety of mail, documents and packages moving through the global economy today; all the technology and processes required to create,
track and manage this diverse content; and all the different channels that senders can use to distribute
We are not the same company we were just five years ago
this content, including national posts, licensed postal competitors, private carriers and even messenger services and facilities management companies like us. In our view, the mailstream even encompasses content like documents that never get inserted into envelopes, and channels like digital networks for the distribution of electronic content, as in the case of electronic bill presentment and payment.
By looking at this broader communications universe, and looking at each component in a more granular fashion, we are able to spot new opportunities. Many of these opportunities emerge from global economic trends that are easy to take for granted.
For example, we are living in a culture that prefers the convenience and efficiency of remote commerce. We have developed numerous solutions to capitalize on this trend. Best known
is probably our partnership with eBay to provide eBay users with the world’s first Web-based postage application. We first made this application available to eBay users in the U.S. in 2004 and,
in collaboration with Canada Post, extended it to
3

 eBay users in Canada in early 2006. Less well known is the fact that we are a world leader in providing software for transportation logistics, a $1 billion market that involves helping shippers manage relationships with multiple carriers.
Another facet of remote commerce is easier access to carrier services. Our carrier management solutions are already available to consumers at more than 2,000 office superstores and other retail locations. We are now in beta testing of our new postal kiosks, which will allow consumers to buy postage and ship packages through the USPS® without going to the post office.
systematically with their customers and other stakeholders — and that the mailstream is an essential part of a multichannel marketing mix that drives world-class customer communication management.
We acquired Group 1 Software for its advanced capabilities in leveraging the vast amounts of data needed to create personalized, targeted marketing. Our 2005 acquisition of Imagitas also expands our presence in direct mail and leverages our mail services network. Imagitas specializes in life-event marketing, building innovative public-private partnerships
Our acquisition of Imagitas expands our presence in direct mail and leverages our mail services network
                                                                                                Voting by mail represents yet another kind of remote commerce. We launched our Relia-VoteTM Mail Balloting System to provide governments the secure solution needed to accommodate
the growing popularity of voting by mail.
Trends in direct mail marketing, which has continued to grow as a percentage of total advertising spending during the past 30 years, also play to our strengths. Direct marketers are moving toward more targeted, personalized and eye-catching campaigns to increase response rates. There is also the convergence of transactional and marketing mail, as businesses recognize that their bills and statements represent a monthly appointment with their customers that has tremendous cross-sell and up-sell potential. Finally, organizations of all sizes are recognizing the need to communicate regularly and
to help businesses reach potential customers when they are most likely to buy.
Personalization is not just popular among professional marketers, of course. Through a
new partnership with Zazzle.com, we are giving consumers the ability to create customized U.S. postage products. Consumers can personalize ZazzleStampsTM with photographs they provide
or with images from Zazzle’s own collection.
Our research found a significant opportunity among people sending greeting cards, wedding invitations, birth announcements and similar special event mail. We believe the market for customized U.S. postage products will only continue to grow, now that federal legislation has been enacted that clears the way for the U.S. Postal Service to allow the use of approved commercial images on customized postage products.
                                                                          4
                                
 As we pursue opportunities across the entire mailstream, we continue to see broad opportunities in traditional letter mail.
We are showing our customers and prospects how to make their mail work harder, particularly in light of the growing demand among large corporations and government entities for process improvements, cost efficiencies and financial transparency. Our technological innovations
are transforming the meter into a networked information management system. For example, we added an innovation to our IntelliLink® technology in 2005 that allows users to obtain
TM electronic signatures on Certified Mail. Business
Manager, our most advanced accounting software, allows large mailers with multiple sites to manage all spending centrally. Our OnRouteTM mail tracking software offers a broad range of capabilities, including the ability to connect information from inside the envelope to business processes across the enterprise, including customer service and collection centers.
The market for
customized postage
products will only
continue to grow
Postal transformation and reform efforts around the world are also creating opportunities for Pitney Bowes. For example, Royal Mail in the United Kingdom has instituted a 3.3 percent discount on metered First-Class mail versus postage stamps to promote the efficiency of metered mail and, more recently, announced
a discount on Second-Class mail. It will also
change its pricing in 2006 according to the thickness and weight of mail pieces, creating opportunities for us to upgrade the mailing systems of our U.K. customers. The U.S. House of Representatives approved comprehensive postal reform legislation
The higher
a person’s income,
the more
mail the person
sends and receives
in mid-2005, and in early 2006, the U.S. Senate approved its version of the legislation by unanimous consent. We are confident the legislation that emerges from the House-Senate Conference Committee will benefit Pitney Bowes, the mailing industry, including the U.S. Postal Service, and the public.
Productivity Improvement and Process Excellence
We have completed the major restructuring we began in 2003 to accelerate process improvements, improve productivity and reduce costs. The results have been substantial. We have reduced operating expenses for our U.S. call centers by 24 percent since 2000 while handling more transactions
than ever. We have reduced the number of U.S. customer service technicians from 2,000 to 1,554 since 1999, yet increased revenue by acquiring the capability to service equipment other than our own. Our Global Mailstream Solutions group has been able to reduce the number of salespeople in the field by opening two new telesales centers, resulting in a net increase in revenue of 45 percent in 2005
                                                                                                                                         5
                                      
 over 2004. We have also adopted a shared services model for our finance, HR and IT operations that allows us to serve a larger employee population with a significantly smaller corporate staff.
We are at an earlier stage in our efforts to improve productivity in Europe, and expect to see significant improvements starting in 2006. We
We are showing our
customers
and prospects how to make their mail work harder
Our Employee Focus
We significantly improved our employee engagement metrics in 2005 over the previous year. I am particularly proud that the Executive Leadership Council, an oganization representing the most senior African-American executives in Fortune 500 companies, recognized us with its Corporate Award for our leadership in corporate diversity. I consider my own work in the National Urban League to be a personal privilege that helps give visibility to our diversity efforts.
Comments on Our Strategy and the Stock Price
We were disappointed that our stock did not perform better in 2005, despite our strong financial and operational performance. We understand that some investors would like us to focus solely on significantly increasing our dividends, others would like us to concentrate on share repurchases, and still others would like us to invest solely in growth. In 2006, we will increase our efforts to help investors understand why we are not pursuing a single
                                                                                                                                      closed our manufacturing facility in Friedberg,
Germany, in 2005, consistent with our reduced                           “game-changing” move and instead are
               investment in direct manufacturing.
Capital Services
We are assessing a broad range of options to carry out our stated intention to exit our capital services business in a way that maximizes shareholder value. Several factors, including improved economic conditions, have produced a more attractive range of options now than when we first announced our decision to exit this business in 2003. In early March 2006, we announced that we had signed a definitive agreement to sell our Imagistics International Inc. lease portfolio to De Lage Landen Operational Services, LLC. The sale price, which will be determined by the size of the portfolio at the time of closing, is expected to be between $280 million and $290 million.
pursuing a balanced strategy that includes steadily improving growth, achieved through strategic investments and other actions, as well as above-average dividends and a strong share repurchase program. Our overall performance in 2005 supports our belief that this is the right path for delivering long-term shareholder value.
Michael J. Critelli
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                        6
                                       