Murray D. Martin President and Chief Executive Officer

To our shareholders
This annual report begins with stories about our customers to make a simple but important point: Our success depends on our ability to make our customers successful. It is only by achieving this goal that we are able to create value for all our stakeholders -- our employees, our communities and, of course, you, our shareholders.
We made investments to strengthen our customer value proposition and expand our capabilities in fastergrowing areas of the mailstream-- software, marketing services, and mail services.

With this in mind, how did we do in 2007? Despite delivering less growth than planned in the second half of the year, we had a number of significant accomplishments that we are confident will yield benefits in 2008 and beyond. We made investments to strengthen our customer value proposition and expand our capabilities in faster-growing areas of the mailstream-- software, marketing services, and mail services. We also reorganized our businesses to be more customer-centric and launched a comprehensive effort to improve the end-to-end customer experience. And, we maintained a steady focus on operational efficiencies, free cash flow, and expense management. In the area of U.S. postal reform, we continue to be actively engaged in the industry dialogue to implement the legislation that is transforming the mailstream market environment in the United States. Postal reform sets the stage for long-term benefits arising from unprecedented flexibility in rate structure, the integration of more technology into the mailstream, and more incentives for partnerships to enhance the efficiency of the postal network.

8 P I T N E Y B OW E S A N N UA L R E P O R T 2 0 0 7

Successful organizations continually reinvent themselves by building on their strengths and pursuing new opportunities. That is exactly what we are doing as we innovate across every segment of our business. Since we first announced our growth strategies in 2001, we have been expanding our value proposition beyond our traditional strengths in the production phase of the mailstream -- our mail-finishing solutions. We recognized the need to move up the value chain and provide solutions that help our customers make more meaningful connections with their own customers. It is for this reason that we have been moving aggressively into the software and marketing services spaces.
Successful organizations continually reinvent themselves by building on their strengths and pursuing new opportunities. That is exactly what we are doing as we innovate across every segment of our business.

Our capabilities in these two areas enable us to increase the Value and Quality of mail for our customers. By being involved in the design, creation, and targeting of a mail piece, we can help our customers reach the right people with mail that is more likely to be opened and acted upon by the recipient. The value added through our software and marketing solutions goes beyond the mail piece itself. Our software applications allow users to cleanse and integrate multiple databases to get a more accurate, complete view of their customers. With our marketing services capabilities, Pitney Bowes can offer customers a powerful suite of solutions to maximize the revenue value of customer relationships. Two acquisitions we made in 2007 immediately strengthened our capabilities in both areas. MapInfo, our largest acquisition to date, is now a part of Pitney Bowes Software. Its capabilities move our software value proposition into a whole new area known as location intelligence. This emerging category utilizes a host of location-related data beyond just the street address to improve decision-making in critical areas. Applications range from the more precise targeting of marketing offerings to the more accurate assessment of risk for insurance purposes.

By being involved in the design, creation, and targeting of a mail piece, we can help our customers reach the right people with mail that is more likely to be opened and acted upon by the recipient.

The other acquisition, Digital Cement, complements our existing direct mail applications and adds to our suite of integrated marketing services solutions. It provides innovative relationship management strategies and programming to help clients build and maintain long-term, high-value customer engagement across multiple channels and touch points. We of course continue to innovate in our core mailing businesses to add customer value. Our new DI 900/950 series tabletop inserters with integrated printing bring production-like capabilities to mid-range mailers. These systems allow users to design, print, assemble, and meter complex mailings in a single operation, for the highest levels of document integrity. Our mail services segment forged new strategic agreements that increased its customer base, extended its global distribution network, and strengthened its ability to market the services of our postal partners worldwide. Our advanced capabilities in production mail continue to find broad application in the market place. Jurisdictions across the country are using our Relia-Vote mail balloting system to increase the efficiency and integrity of the entire vote-by-mail process.

P I T N E Y B OW E S A N N UA L R E P O R T 2 0 0 7 9

In our international business, customers are looking for a partner to help them address changing technology and regulatory requirements; we are focused on meeting these needs. We are particularly excited about the opportunities to add value in the fast-growing Asia-Pacific region, where we continue to experience strong growth in our core mailing and production mail businesses.
We are particularly excited about the opportunities to add value in the fast-growing Asia-Pacific region, where we continue to experience strong growth in our core mailing and production mail businesses.

Over the next 12 months, we will be analyzing the more than 450 million touch points we have with our customers each year. Our goal is to improve their total experience with Pitney Bowes, from the bills they receive and the conversations they have with our call centers to their meetings with our sales representatives. We are creating a blended support model to ensure that the experience of dealing with us is seamless across multiple customer communication channels -- in-person, online, and on the phone. As we evolve and grow, we remain true to our core values. Our involvement in efforts like the Eco-Patent Commons demonstrates our continued commitment to corporate citizenship and environmental stewardship. In this first-of-its-kind program, Pitney Bowes, IBM, Nokia, and Sony, in cooperation with the World Business Council for Sustainable Development, agreed to release innovative, environmentally responsible patents into the public domain. In another area, Black Enterprise magazine named Pitney Bowes to its third annual list of the "40 Best Companies for Diversity." We also continue to win recognition for our leadership in the area of healthcare. The Institute for Health and Productivity Management honored us with its Leadership Award for Value-Based Benefits.

We remain confident in the underlying strength of our business. Our strong free cash flow enables us to invest in the future as we maintain our active stock repurchase program and continue to increase the dividend to shareholders year after year.

We remain confident in the underlying strength of our business. Our strong free cash flow enables us to invest in the future as we maintain our active stock repurchase program and continue to increase the dividend to shareholders year after year. This financial model, together with our advanced technologies, market understanding, customer base, distribution capabilities, and industry leadership, should enable us to deliver above-average shareholder value at relatively low risk into the foreseeable future. Everything we do has one goal, and that is to ensure that our customers achieve their goals. We are excited about our opportunities to help them grow revenue and manage information, relationships, cash flow, and operational efficiency. That is what matters to them. By making the success of our customers our top priority, we create value for all of our stakeholders. That's the point.

Murray D. Martin

C HI EF EX EC UTI VE O F F I C ER, P I TN EY B OW ES

10 P I T N E Y B OW E S A N N UA L R E P O R T 2 0 0 7

