   Marc B. Lautenbach
President and
Chief Executive Officer
Michael Monahan
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer
   Fellow shareholders:
Three years ago, we set a course to transform our business and to build a bridge for Pitney Bowes to our second century. We
had no illusions that it would be easy. We knew there would be challenges — that doing it right would take time, effort and a sustained commitment. But we knew that if any company had the capacity for transformation, it was Pitney Bowes. We had the right businesses and opportunities to work with, and the evidence is growing that we were right.
When we first automated business mail in 1920 — an industry we still lead 96 years later — our
founders had a singular mission that remains our overarching focus today: enabling commerce. Successive generations built on this foundation, moving forward, innovating, always adapting — to new business models, disruptive technologies and ever-changing client needs. They left us a great legacy of leadership and excellence. Now it is our generation’s turn to take advantage of new opportunities and build the
kind of value that similarly endures.
That’s what our transformation has been about, and what it will continue to be about — creating value that lasts not for a quarter or two but for decades to come — that enables us to begin a second century the way we began the first one, as an innovator and market-maker with an unwavering focus on client needs.
Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2015 1

   Using Digital Technologies to Reinvent Mail
Automating Healthcare Communications to Make it More Personal and Secure
A leading healthcare management services company, WESTMED Practice Partners, needed a better way to process growing volumes of transactional documents for physician networks and hospitals. The New York-based company turned to Pitney Bowes to automate patient bills and other communications, while enhancing document integrity and patient confidentiality. The Pitney Bowes RelayTM Inserting System combines mailing and digital technologies that reduce the costs of document creation and distribution, consolidate print operations and eliminate manual errors. In addition to increasing operation efficiencies, our solution allows WESTMED to include personalized content with each document, such as reminders for preventive care, helping to drive one-on-one relationships that are more satisfying and productive.
This inserter is part of the RelayTM Multi-Channel Communications Suite, a cloud-based communications hub that we launched in 2015. It provides a great example of utilizing our digital technologies to create new value for our mailing clients.
 2 Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2015

Our opportunities have never been greater than they are today. The world of commerce we serve is more exciting and complex than ever. It crosses borders
and cultures, and is becoming more accessible, fluid, mobile, personal, customized and competitive. Clients need Pitney Bowes to be craftsmen of commerce — to facilitate cross-border commerce, to find and reach the best customers, to leverage mountains of data
for intelligence and insight, and to keep sensitive information secure. Most important, they depend on us to tailor communications and deliver them the right way to the right people. This builds relationships that are not just more numerous, but also more satisfying and productive.
Transformation, however, is not about building an entirely new company. It’s about building on what has always made us great while also taking advantage of new opportunities and addressing the evolving needs of our clients. This means leading not only in areas where we’ve always excelled, but extending our leadership into new realms, delivering physical and digital solutions that enable clients to succeed today.
A Year of Progress
So how are we doing? Three years in, we continue to make good progress against our long-term strategy: to stabilize mail, improve operational efficiency and grow our business by leveraging digital commerce.
We have made great strides in stabilizing mail. Now we’re turning our attention to reinventing these core businesses to deliver more value. By updating our go-to-market approach and sharpening our geographic focus in our major markets, we’re able to deliver a better client experience and do it cost effectively. This has resulted in enhanced sales productivity, improving trends in equipment sales, and continued moderation of the declines in recurring revenue. We saw continued steady performance in Presort as we processed more mail volumes and expanded the geographic reach
of our unique network of processing centers. In SMB
“Since our founding, Pitney Bowes has been about doing the right thing, the right way. This management team and this transformation are about building long- term value for all of
our shareholders and creating a platform for our company to have a successful second century. We will be unwavering in our determination to be true to our company’s legacy.”
 Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2015 3

 Our robust cross- border ecommerce platform enables
200+
clients
countries and territories
and Production Mail we introduced new product solutions and offerings such as RelayTM Multi-Channel Communications Suite (see sidebar, p. 2), the AcceleJetTM Printing and Finishing solution, and EpicTM Inserter, all of which use digital technology to create new capabilities.
We continued to improve our operational excellence by reducing costs and improving management
of our assets. Since 2013, for example, we have
cut our inventory in half. Overall, we reduced Sales, General and Administrative costs by 7 percent in 2015, and by more than $200 million since our transformation started. We are poised to deliver even more improvements in the years to come through the combination of benefits from our previous actions and the global implementation of our new ERP system. ERP rolled out in Canada last fall and is on track for a U.S. rollout in the first half of 2016. The resulting global integrated platform will enable us to enhance the client experience, better leverage our scale, streamline processes and improve operating efficiencies.
 To sell into
220
The Digital Commerce Solutions group led our company’s revenue growth in 2015 with a 9 percent increase on a constant currency basis — fueled by
a 30 percent year-over-year revenue gain in Global Ecommerce, including incremental revenue from the Borderfree acquisition, on a constant currency basis. We also repositioned this portfolio for longer-term growth through the acquisition of Borderfree and several other companies, as well as the divestiture of Imagitas. The acquisition of Borderfree allowed us to combine our complementary strengths in enabling cross-border commerce for large marketplaces and for retailers (see sidebar, p. 5). Together we have created a unique and robust cross-border ecommerce platform that provides more than 200 clients with the ability to sell into 220 countries and territories, and accept orders in 70+ currencies. Our comprehensive end-to-end offerings, capabilities and experience take the complexity out of doing business across borders, from demand
 And accept orders in
70+
currencies
4 Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2015

 Supporting Business Anywhere to Everywhere
Retailer Extends Reach Worldwide with Pitney Bowes’ Ecommerce Platform
Even when a shopper is 8,000 miles from Neiman Marcus’
Dallas flagship store, she still can count on the same exceptional experience from this luxury retailer. Neiman Marcus, synonymous with the finest merchandise and superior customer service, reaches discriminating shoppers across the globe through our BorderfreeTM Retail solution. The Borderfree Retail solution provides an end-to-end cross-border shopping experience that goes beyond ordering and delivery. Our network of technology and services provides localization, fully landed cost and compliance, payment options, managed risk, logistics management and customer care to ensure the shopper has
the best possible experience.
   generation to customer care. We believe our portfolio of businesses is now well-focused and positioned going forward. I am very optimistic about this market and the growth this business is likely to capture.
As with any long-term transformation, we had our challenges during the past year. Progress rarely moves in a straight line. The strong dollar had an impact on results. So did missed opportunities in our software business. However, we are forcefully addressing our challenges, improving our execution and expanding into new markets. Our clients tell us we have the right products, and I firmly believe we have a good strategy and are on the right track.
The evidence of our progress over the last three years is clear and compelling. We have focused on the basics, sold underperforming businesses, and dramatically simplified our business model. The net result is that during this three-year period, we have
created more than $1.5 billion of market capitalization, paid off more than $1 billion of debt, grown our Digital Commerce Solutions business at a 12 percent compound annual growth rate, and performed near the top of our peer group in terms of total shareholder return. There is more to do for sure, but much has been accomplished.
Leveraging Unique Strengths
As I wrote at the beginning, I can think of few companies that have greater potential than Pitney Bowes.
Very few legacy companies like ours have the technological edge we do, or the ability to move
that technology into their core business to create more value. Likewise, very few emerging software companies have access to 1.5 million existing small business accounts, as well as the 90 percent of the Fortune 500 who have been our longtime clients.
Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2015 5

 Combining Physical
and Digital Capabilities to Make the Complex Clear
Healthcare Company Uses Interactive Video to Inform and Inspire
For more than 80 years, BlueCross BlueShield of North Carolina (BCBSNC) has been providing healthcare insurance to people statewide. Today it has more than 3.9 million customers, and nothing is more important than making sure they understand and make the most of their coverage.
Seeking a better way to cut through the complexities of healthcare and enable people to make better decisions, BCBSNC turned to Pitney Bowes and its interactive EngageOne® Video solution. The video technology uses big data and predictive analytics to create a customized presentation that allows an individual to interact with it in real time. With this highly personalized and interactive platform, the company was able to produce videos that shaped content to each customer’s profile, policy and interests. Customers now receive EngageOne videos that help them understand the details of their plans and printed billing statements, select healthcare providers, locate pharmacies and compare prescription drug prices. They can also ask for more information about topics of their choice, share information with dependents and set up autopay so that they never miss a payment.
  “Our people
are dedicated, determined, resolute and passionate about what they do.
They are upholding our tradition of doing the right thing, the right way, while delivering value in entirely new ways. They
are more than employees — they are true craftsmen of commerce.”
 6 Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2015

Our technologies, assets and expertise in physical and digital commerce are a significant advantage across our portfolio. They enable our mail business to leverage digital technology from our software business to create innovative products (see sidebar, p. 6), and our software business to leverage mail business channels to sell digital products to our worldwide base. At the same time, we’re creating economies of scale that give us the reach to serve clients of all sizes. All of this works together — but that’s only half the story.
Today, disruption is accelerating as our clients embrace new software and applications, cloud computing, mobility, big data and the power of social media. Because of our mix of businesses, we are able to take advantage of all these trends, whether by making it easier for clients to expand through ecommerce in faraway markets, simplify overseas shipping to make the consumer experience easy
and seamless, or use location intelligence technology to help sales teams better understand markets and enable social media companies to enhance the
user experience.
The rise of the Internet of Things, for example,
makes data mining and analytics important. By connecting machines to machines and other devices, the Internet of Things produces a layer of data that clients can use in a variety of ways, from anticipating customer needs and increasing operational efficiency to reducing downtime. The partnership we unveiled with GE this past fall enables us to bring new value
30%
total shareholder return based on 3-year CAGR
 to our high-volume production mailers (see sidebar, p. 8). All told, we are responding to what clients increasingly need by taking advantage of the synergies among our businesses.
Updating Our Brand
Of course, it’s not enough to be more relevant than ever in the rapidly changing world of commerce. We also have to make sure that client perceptions
Since our transformation began:
12%
revenue CAGR in Digital Commerce Solutions
Created
$1.5B+
in market capitalization since the end of 2012
$200M
$1B+
in debt reduction
  Reduced SG&A
  Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2015 7

    Leveraging the Industrial Internet to Bring New Value
Pitney Bowes Collaborates with GE to Optimize Production Mail Operations
Pitney Bowes is joining forces with GE to bring the power of the Industrial Internet to production mail, using technology that connects and gathers intelligence from sensors, machine data, people and processes to optimize operations and drive higher performance.
Pitney Bowes’ ClarityTM Solutions Suite, running on GE’s Predix platform, is able to integrate and organize data to support real-time insight, predictive analytics and prescriptive maintenance. Using this cloud-based SaaS solution, clients can raise machine efficiency by
as much as 10 percent, increasing runtime capacity and reducing downtime risk. Clarity can also predict and resolve maintenance issues before outages occur and optimize workflow by analyzing interactions between operators, machines and jobs. What’s more,
by continuously aggregating data, Clarity only gets smarter — and more valuable — over time.
“Production mail is all about getting the right information, in the right envelope, to the right client at precisely the right time — and doing it millions of times a day,” says Jason Dies, president of Pitney Bowes Document Messaging Technologies. “Clarity provides views and insights that were never possible before, from the performance of a single motor in a mail machine to productivity benchmarks from leading print and mail operations the world over. It’s arguably the most significant innovation since the invention of automated sorting equipment itself.”
8 Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2015

keep up with the transformation of our enterprise. That is why we’ve made a substantial investment in updating our brand, launching the first major Pitney Bowes ad campaign — “Craftsmen of Commerce” — in more than a decade.
Craftsmen of Commerce is rooted as much in tradition as it is in transformation. It circles back to the idea that everything we do has its roots in what we have always done. It highlights traditions that remain as relevant as ever — accuracy, precision, attention to detail — but describes how we’re adding leading-edge technology to create a powerful value proposition in the 21st century.
This investment in our brand helps solidify our position as a leading technology company that uniquely straddles the intersecting worlds of physical and digital commerce. As a result, there are clients worldwide who will see Pitney Bowes in a whole new way. This is vital to our success, both in our traditional businesses and in the businesses that will drive our future growth.
Building a Bridge to Our Second Century
There is a growing orthodoxy in business today that executives, investors and other stakeholders are overly focused on the short term at the expense of the long- term value. There is ample evidence to support this thesis. Pitney Bowes proudly stands apart from this trend. In a year with macroeconomic challenges, the expedient thing to do would have been to “pause”
our ERP project, defer our much-needed rebranding campaign and slash development. These would have been the easy things to do, but they would not have been the right things to do.
Since our founding, Pitney Bowes has been about doing the right thing, the right way. This management team and this transformation are about building long- term value for all of our shareholders and creating a platform for our company to have a successful second century. We will be unwavering in our determination to be true to our company’s legacy.
Our Greatest Advantage
Midway through our transformation, it is clear to
me that the success we’ve had is based on some very important advantages: solid, integrated businesses with highly relevant products ... a vision and strategy that are resonating extremely well with our clients ... a strong balance sheet that enables us to invest in innovation and growth ... and a business model that creates new market opportunities. Very few companies have all of these assets.
When I think about what best symbolizes our year,
it is the new clients we’ve added, including a list of world-class retailers who have come to us because
of our ecommerce platform. You can tell a lot about
a company by the company it keeps, and I’m proud of the work we’ve done to attract these global clients. This roster looks great in the business press, and it says a lot about our progress.
But what most people don’t see — and what gratifies me the most as I travel around the company — is the engagement and enthusiasm of our people. They have embraced the responsibility of moving our company forward — of creating lasting value for
our shareholders by delivering real value to clients worldwide. Our people are dedicated, determined, resolute and passionate about what they do. They are upholding our tradition of doing the right thing, the right way, while delivering value in entirely new ways. They are more than employees — they are true craftsmen of commerce.
Marc B. Lautenbach
President and
Chief Executive Officer
 Pitney Bowes Annual Report 2015 9
