 “Pitney Bowes is broadening its value proposition, from simply making customers more productive to also helping them drive revenue growth.”
Murray D. Martin
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Fellow Shareholders:
Our company was solidly profitable in 2009, underscoring the strength of our business model and our ability to manage through worldwide economic uncertainty and pressures within our own industry. While revenues were down, we performed well by other measures. We exceeded our guidance for free cash flow. We were also able to retire $242 million in debt and reduce selling, general and administrative expenses by more than $170 million even while continuing to invest in the business. In a remarkable record of consistency, we were also able to increase an already attractive dividend for the 28th consecutive year. These were all significant achievements.
Equally important, we staked out territory in attractive new markets and launched innovative products and services. We are demonstrating to the marketplace that Pitney Bowes is broadening its value proposition, from simply making customers more productive to also helping them drive revenue growth.
We are moving to establish ourselves as the one company that integrates every customer touch point: mail, the Web, mobile devices, even retail locations. By doing so, we are creating new opportunities for ourselves and our customers. That is the message of our cover: Every connection is a new opportunity.
2

Advancing in higher-growth markets
Mail is a vital business tool for our customers, so profitable growth within our mailing businesses is fundamental to our strategy. At the same time, we are aggressively exploring faster-growing markets not solely dependent on physical mail, areas where our expertise and credibility give us special advantages. Three of the most promising are customer communication management, secure transactions, and records and information management.
Customer communication management (CCM) combines two critical functions: understanding what drives customer buying decisions, then applying that insight to communicating and transacting business using whatever channel the customer prefers — mail, the Web, a mobile device or a retail location. By combining our traditional expertise in mail, data quality, and secure transactions with newer capabilities like location intelligence and predictive analytics, our CCM portfolio offers unique value to the marketplace.
We are also leveraging our expertise in data encryption and funds management to expand our presence in secure transactions to new settings and new services. Some of the biggest names in online retailing use our e-commerce solutions to reach international customers, and this year we added 50 countries to our network. A growing number of corporate, university and retail customers have been purchasing our self-service mail-and-shipping kiosks, recognizing them as a convenience for their employees and students and a traffic-builder for their stores.
“Some of the biggest names in online retailing use our e-commerce solutions to reach international customers.”
Records and information management (RIM), our third area of focus, draws on our document- processing expertise as well as the deep industry knowledge we have gained from years
of providing vertical market solutions and consulting services. RIM has long been a key component of risk management in highly regulated environments. Today its importance spans virtually every industry. Customers who already rely on us to manage and process millions
of documents are now also turning to us for comprehensive RIM solutions that improve access, protect assets and facilitate regulatory compliance. We were recently named one of the world’s top 100 outsourcing service providers by the International Association of Outsourcing Professionals, marking our fourth straight year on the list.
Strategic transformation
To capitalize on our opportunities, we need both financial capacity and an organizational structure that can anticipate market conditions. Those needs, together with the economic downturn, drove our decision to undertake a top-to-bottom review of how we run our business and how we can improve it. Currently, we are targeting annualized benefits, net of systems and related investments, in the range of at least $150 million to $200 million on a pretax basis. We are focusing on solutions that will deliver long-term value to our customers and
3

shareholders. Our recently enhanced online customer self-service portal is a perfect example. This state-of-the-art e-commerce platform enables customers in 13 countries to manage their relationship with Pitney Bowes when and how they prefer, 24/7. The result is a superior customer experience at less cost to the company.
Innovative new offerings
I am particularly excited about our entry into the high-volume digital color print market with the launch of the IntelliJetTM printing system. The system offers revolutionary capabilities for our customers and extraordinary revenue potential for us. Developed in alliance with HP, the IntelliJet system transforms routine statements into powerful, personalized marketing pieces. Because it is powered by the same Production Intelligence® software that drives our mail finishing systems, print and mail can now be integrated into one seamless, end-to-end operation. Emdeon Inc., a leader in health-care revenue and payment systems, became our first IntelliJet customer in February.
“The IntelliJet printing system transforms routine statements into powerful marketing pieces.”
We are bringing the benefits of cloud computing to small businesses with another new product, our AddressRightNowTM online list management service. AddressRightNow is a new “software-as-a-service” (SaaS) offering that helps ensure that mailings reach the right people by incorporating address changes in real time. SaaS is the wave of the future and a growing component of our own portfolio. Meanwhile, we are already recognized as a software leader. In 2009, Software Magazine ranked Pitney Bowes No. 107 on its annual Software 500 listing of the world’s largest software and service providers. In addition, Customer Interaction Solutions magazine named our SpectrumTM technology platform, an integrated data quality resource, as a 2009 Product of the Year.
Innovation continues to drive development in our core mailing business. Our new DM475TM digital mailing system won immediate acceptance in the marketplace with strong sales in the fourth quarter. This system brings large-system features to mid-volume mailers, including in-line weighing so the user never pays more postage than is needed for any piece of mail. The DM475 system also has technology to add on-envelope advertising so businesses can begin the conversation with their customers even before the mail piece gets opened.
New models of entrepreneurship
We are becoming more entrepreneurial in our pursuit of new business opportunities (NBOs). Through our NBO program, we make small, staged investments in new businesses, with specific metrics to ensure progress from one stage to the next. We have used this incubator approach to speed development in areas as diverse as e-commerce solutions, automated marketing solutions for small business, and secure destruction of confidential records.
4

“We are becoming more entrepreneurial in our pursuit
of new business opportunities.”
We enlist our entire employee population in the search for new ideas, complementing the technical expertise of our scientists and engineers with a broader perspective. We use a range of social-networking platforms to facilitate this process. One of the most effective is IdeaNet, our in-house social-networking forum where employees collaborate
on ways to create new revenue, improve profitability and add new value for customers. So far, more than 500 ideas submitted through IdeaNet have been adopted, ranging from process improvements to new products and services now in development.
We have also brought our customers into the circle of innovation. We recently opened our first Customer Innovation Center, anchored by our new IntelliJet printing system. We invite customers to load their own applications and experiment with the system. We are confident they will spark ideas that further enrich the product.
We are also delivering customer value by teaming with companies that are leaders in their own right. Our work with HP, a brand recognized around the world for its print and information technology, is a prime example. So is our integration of document imaging technology from Kodak into a new imaging-and-workflow solution to help companies reduce paper volumes and improve productivity. We have also taken collaboration beyond product development. A new distribution agreement with Digital China will bring our mailing solutions and software systems to small and midsize businesses through more than 5,000 resellers and systems integrators in 600 Chinese cities, and we have signed similar agreements with distributors in Japan and India.
Staying true to our values
I am proud of the energy and collaborative spirit our people showed throughout the year as we pushed hard through one of the worst recessions of modern times. In an environment that tested the mettle of organizations everywhere, we proved our resilience while living up to the values that have earned us recognition as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies in three consecutive surveys by the Ethisphere Institute.
These qualities are also vital to our continuing transformation. With each new step, we are doing more than ever to help customers grow and prosper in this multichannel world. At the same time, we are staying true to the values that have brought us this far and enabled two million customers around the world to depend on us every day.
Murray D. Martin
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 5
