2
PACCAR is celebrating 110 years of success and delivered record revenue and net profits to its shareholders in 2015. It is a major milestone that speaks eloquently to the steady and consistent leadership of the company and the unwavering commitment of all employees to exceed our customers’ expectations by delivering the highest quality products and services. PACCAR has achieved excellent financial results by focusing on the premium quality segment of its industry – a notable record considering the cyclicality of the capital goods business. PACCAR has strived to be at the forefront of technology for over a century and the company’s world class range of products and services reflect that dedicated resolve. PACCAR is one of the leading technology companies worldwide, and innovation is a cornerstone of its success. PACCAR continues to integrate new technology into its daily operations, such as computerized parts selection in its distribution centers and introducing electronic connected architecture in its vehicles to profitably support its business, as well as its dealers, customers and suppliers.
PACCAR had an excellent year in 2015 due to strong truck markets in North America and Europe and excellent results in the financial services and aftermarket parts businesses. Customers renewed and expanded their fleets, reflecting strong freight demand. PACCAR’s financial results benefited from global diversification. The company has realized excellent synergies globally in product development, sales and finance activities, purchasing and manufacturing.
The company is a recognized environmental leader and has introduced unique water recycling technologies, solar panels to minimize energy costs and lowered emissions from its paint operations – all activities focused on reducing its carbon footprint. The company leads the industry in sales of alternative fuel vehicles. Our shareholders have enjoyed excellent returns, with steady regular dividend growth and increased shareholder value over the years. I would like to thank the tens of thousands of employees whose hard work, ingenuity and drive for quality through the decades have enabled PACCAR to grow into a global technology company.
PACCAR’s superb credit rating of A+/A1 results from consistent profitability, a strong balance sheet and excellent cash flow. PACCAR increased its regular quarterly dividend by 9 percent to $0.24/share and declared a special dividend of $1.40/share in 2015. The special dividend was the highest in company history. Regular quarterly cash dividends have more than doubled in the last ten years. Shareholders’ equity was a record $6.94 billion at year end.
PACCAR and its employees are proud of the remarkable achievement of 77 consecutive years of net profit. The PACCAR Board of Directors embraces a long-term view of the business, and our shareholders have benefited from that approach. The embedded principles of integrity, quality and consistency of purpose define the course in PACCAR’s operations. The proven business strategy –
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  
deliver technologically advanced premium products and provide an extensive array of tailored aftermarket customer services – enables PACCAR to pragmatically approach growth opportunities.
PACCAR continues to enhance its stellar reputation as a leading technology company in the capital goods and financial services marketplace.
.
MARK C. PIGOTT
Executive Chairman February 18, 2016
3
           