A LETTER TO OUR STAKEHOLDERS FROM CHAIRMAN, CEO, AND PRESIDENT PETER A. DARBEE
Last year will long be remembered as one of the most difficult in our company’s history, as we confronted and worked to overcome formidable challenges. Above all was the September 9 explosion on our natural gas pipeline in San Bruno, California, which tragically claimed eight lives, injured many more, destroyed or damaged dozens of homes, and shook many people’s confidence in PG&E.
There are no words sufficient to fully convey my personal sadness at this tragedy. As we move forward to implement lessons learned from this accident and become a stronger and safer company, I know I can speak for everyone at PG&E when I say that the people whose lives have been impacted continue to be in all our thoughts and prayers.
This accident and other challenges in 2010 have made it clear that we have a long journey ahead to become the industry leader we aspire to be, and our team and I are more determined than ever to do what it takes to reach that goal.
Our pledge is that PG&E will ultimately emerge from this experience not simply as a better company, but rather as a standard-bearer for excellence among utilities. Indeed, we take seriously our responsibility to see that the lessons from this event not only help PG&E reach a new level of performance, but also help others in our industry to do the same.
Most of all, our resolve is focused on raising the standards for the way PG&E manages and operates its natural gas infrastructure. We are also committed to cultivating stronger relationships with our customers— beginning with restoring their trust in the safety and integrity of our system and operating practices.
As we pursue these goals, we are cooperating with our regulators, policy makers, and other stakeholders. As always, though, our success will also depend on the efforts of our 20,000 men and women. Their spirit of service has been the soul of PG&E for more than 100 years, and it has sustained us through the ups and downs that any long-lived company inevitably experiences.
Even amid last year’s challenges, PG&E employees accomplished important goals on behalf of our customers. They re-inspected thousands of miles of natural gas lines in the wake of the San Bruno accident. They restored power following outages more quickly than any time in a decade and reduced the frequency of outages to the lowest level in more than two decades. They safely and efficiently brought two new power plants
into operation. They achieved ambitious sustainability targets for reducing our energy and water use. And they helped our customers realize significant savings through further gains in energy efficiency.
But perhaps most telling, they came forward in overwhelming numbers to help victims of the San Bruno accident, providing PG&E with a strong presence in the community and putting a human face on our commitment to help residents recover and rebuild.
However, without diminishing the importance of these and other individual accomplishments, let it be said clearly that no one on our leadership team was satisfied with the sum of PG&E’s performance in 2010.
The challenges encountered last year raised concerns among our customers, put strains on relationships, and, in some cases, hurt our standing in the eyes of valued stakeholders. Our team is working aggressively to reverse these setbacks and learn from these events.
Importantly, PG&E’s longer-term performance results remain solid. In recent years we have made meaningful strides in areas from reliability and workplace safety to energy efficiency and environmental leadership. And, despite the impact of the challenges in 2010, we have delivered competitive returns for shareholders over the past several years.
This letter presents an overview of last year’s accomplishments and challenges, together with insights into our plans for the current year and beyond as we work to regain our momentum and deliver the level of performance our stakeholders have rightly come to expect.
MAINTAINING SOLID FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
As we do every year, in 2010 we again strove to see that PG&E continues to represent a solid investment opportunity. We recognize that only by consistently delivering on this requirement can we also see to it that PG&E is able to access new capital on the best terms for our customers and fund the substantial investments necessary to provide service on their behalf.
Once again last year, new capital investments in PG&E’s utility asset base, together with incentives earned by helping customers realize significant energy efficiency savings goals, helped to drive growth in core earnings. However, the financial impacts of the San Bruno accident had an adverse effect on the company’s earnings as
1

reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
On a GAAP basis, net income after dividends on preferred stock (also called “income available for common shareholders”) was $1.10 billion, or $2.82 per share, for 2010. This compared with $1.22 billion, or $3.20 per share, for 2009.
The year-over-year decline in net income reflected San Bruno-related costs totaling $283 million on a pre-tax basis, or $0.43 per share. These costs included a $220 million provision for property damage, personal injury, and other third-party claims, as well as an additional $63 million in direct costs for providing support to the San Bruno community, re-inspecting natural gas lines, and other activities. Although we expect that most of the costs the utility incurs for third-party claims relating to the accident will ultimately be recovered through insurance, GAAP required us to record a charge equal to the low end of the estimated range for potential liability costs of $220 million to $400 million.
On an earnings from operations basis, a non-GAAP measure adjusted to reflect normal operations and exclude items like the accident-related costs, earnings per share rose 6.5 percent to $3.42, on earnings of $1.33 billion, compared to $3.21 per share, or $1.22 billion, in 2009. (The “Financial Highlights” table on page 7 reconciles GAAP total net income with non-GAAP earnings from operations.) These results were well within the company’s 2010 guidance range of $3.35 per share to $3.50 per share for earnings from operations.
STRENGTHENING THE UTILITY’S INFRASTRUCTURE
We continued to invest substantially in our system last year, deploying $3.9 billion of new capital to expand and improve our gas and electric assets, strengthen safety and reliability, and meet the needs of new customers.
Within our electric distribution and transmission operations, a major focus was continuing to upgrade targeted transmission and distribution circuits and install new equipment to improve reliability. Additionally, we secured regulatory approval to invest an additional $357 million of capital through 2013 for PG&E’s Cornerstone Improvement Program. This program aims to create more capacity and interconnectedness on the power grid, enabling us to better isolate power outages and redirect power flows onto neighboring circuits to restore service more quickly.
We also continued to invest in PG&E’s natural gas system, with an emphasis on retrofitting or replacing older transmission and distribution pipe. This work has been a
long-term priority, and in light of the San Bruno accident, we are accelerating and expanding many plans to reinforce our gas infrastructure.
The focal point for this work going forward is a proposed new 10-year pipeline modernization program, Pipeline 2020. Announced late last year, Pipeline 2020 is one of the most significant initiatives PG&E has ever launched, with ambitious goals and a sweeping scope.
Pipeline 2020 will propose to make targeted investments to test, inspect, and upgrade or replace parts of our transmission pipeline system, and to add remote-controlled or automatic shut-off valves in locations in our system where they can be effective. It will drive advancements in best practices across the industry and also includes funding to support new research into next-generation pipeline inspection technology. In addition, it encompasses efforts to create a new model for coordinating with local first responders and community leaders and increasing pipeline safety awareness.
In the coming months, we plan to share with California regulators our proposals for the first phase of this gas infrastructure modernization work that we believe is important to creating a safer and more reliable energy future for our customers.
In 2010, we also continued to grow PG&E’s conventional electric generation portfolio as we began operations at the new units at our Humboldt Bay Generating Station and the new state-of-the-art Colusa Generating Station. We also received CPUC approval to purchase the Oakley Generating Station, a natural-gas-fired facility that is forecast to be the most efficient power plant of its kind in California when PG&E takes ownership, which is scheduled for 2016.
For the first time in our recent history, we also added renewable generation to our utility-owned portfolio with the inauguration of the Vaca-Dixon photovoltaic solar station. This represents the first major project under our five-year program to develop up to 500 megawatts of clean solar photovoltaic power, 250 megawatts of which will be owned by PG&E. When the entire program is online, we expect that it will provide enough renewable power each year to serve roughly 150,000 homes.
Finally, our Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant continues to provide safe, carbon-free electric power for our customers. As the regulatory process for relicensing this essential facility moves forward, our focus remains on ensuring safe and reliable operations.
Among last year’s most notable accomplishments were settlements reached in PG&E’s 2011 General Rate Case and its 2011 Gas Transmission and Storage Rate Case, both of
2

which are now before the California Public Utilities Commission. The settlements, if approved, will provide revenue increases that will support critical new investments to enhance and expand service to customers. We also expect to be able to do this while minimizing rate increases for our customers.
IMPROVING OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
We continued to focus on improving PG&E’s operational performance last year—a priority that has become even more pressing in view of the San Bruno accident.
Last year’s results included gains in employee safety and service reliability—two benchmarks that we consider to be key barometers of overall operational performance. These results can be attributed to ongoing investments in our system, enhancements in training, and the adoption of improved procedures and practices.
OSHA recordable injuries were reduced by more than 20 percent compared with 2009 levels. We also cut motor vehicle safety incidents. Moreover, the 2010 results represented a continuation of comparably strong improvements in each of the last several years. That said, these gains were not enough to meet the targets we had set for ourselves in 2010.
Similarly, although the company improved electric reliability again last year, the progress fell short of our aggressive targets—even as electric outage duration in 2010 was the shortest in the last decade, and outage frequency was the lowest since 1988.
In 2011, we are redoubling our efforts in both safety and reliability, as is reflected in the higher targets we have once again set for ourselves.
In particular, reinforcing an uncompromising culture of safety will remain a top priority. Serious injuries still occurred far too frequently and two workers lost their lives in preventable accidents last year. This year, we are concentrating our attention on eliminating these most serious incidents, with our eyes still on the ultimate goal of zero injuries.
Closely linked and equally important to employee safety is our commitment and responsibility to public safety.
As noted earlier, we view the San Bruno accident and the findings that have emerged from the investigation thus far as clear signs that we must raise the bar on many of our natural gas system standards and practices. To assist us and leave no stone unturned in these efforts, we have assembled an experienced corps of leading outside advisors who are bringing their collective safety and operations expertise to this critical work. We are also undertaking a global search for an experienced senior gas executive to
become PG&E’s new senior vice president of gas operations. As lessons continue to emerge from the San Bruno accident, our pledge is that we will apply them aggressively to improve our pipeline operations.
ENGAGING WITH CUSTOMERS AND COMMUNITIES
As changes in our industry begin to reshape the utility customer experience, we believe a critical measure of our success will be our ability to engage customers effectively. Already, a growing number of consumers are relying on their energy providers to help them navigate an evolving landscape that includes high-tech smart grid devices, electric vehicles, distributed generation, and new rates based on dynamic pricing. And at least as many others are looking to their utilities to help them find new efficiencies and cope with cost pressures in the face of new economic realities.
We heard clearly from our customers last year that these were opportunities for improvement at PG&E, and we took a number of steps as a result.
Perhaps most significant, we ramped up customer outreach and customer education around PG&E’s program to replace traditional gas and electric meters with
10 million new digital SmartMeterTM devices. These efforts came in response to concerns from customers and communities over the meters’ accuracy and other issues.
SmartMeterTM devices offer customers more control over how they use gas and electricity and represent a foundational step toward a smarter grid that will leverage advanced communications, computing, and control technology to provide more affordable, reliable, and cleaner electrical service, as well as support the anticipated growth in electric vehicle use.
A thorough independent study last year confirmed the meters’ precision. However, the study also pointed out a need for additional communications to consumers. We have since increased our outreach in a number of ways. For example, before SmartMetersTM are installed in any community, PG&E now holds open forums where customers can ask questions and see firsthand the meters’ many advantages.
While we have been encouraged by the positive reception these increased outreach efforts have received in many areas, we are committed to continuing to work with those customers who still have questions about the new technology as we work to complete the program by our 2012 target.
These and other issues last year underscored that, to be fully successful, PG&E must work harder to stay ahead of customer concerns proactively. Indeed, our ability to do this will only become more important going forward.
3

In 2011, we are focused again on improving overall customer satisfaction, which fell during 2010 as reflected in ratings that were well below our targets. The San Bruno accident and SmartMeterTM concerns contributed heavily to these declines, as did PG&E’s sponsorship of a controversial state ballot initiative defeated by voters last June. However, we recognize that these were not the only factors. Customers are also sending a signal that they expect PG&E to be more responsive to their service needs in general.
With that in mind, in the second half of last year, we initiated a system-wide listening tour in which PG&E officers and other members of management spent time in the field hearing candid—and sometimes difficult—feedback directly from our customers on a broad range of issues.
This outreach and engagement is continuing in 2011, and we are actively incorporating what we learn to help improve the way we are doing business.
We are also increasing PG&E’s engagement within its communities. In 2010, PG&E employees volunteered 27,500 hours of their time, a 10 percent increase over 2009. They also set a new record for philanthropy through our annual charitable giving drive. And last year we again increased PG&E Corporation’s charitable support in our communities, with contributions exceeding $19.3 million. In 2011, we will aim to build on these efforts once again.
INCREASING EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE ENERGY
Even in a year of challenge, PG&E’s commitment to the environment has remained firm. MSCI/RiskMetrics, a leading investment research and advisory firm that evaluates investor risk and value related to sustainability issues, ranked PG&E number one on its 2010 global assessment of environmental attributes of 29 companies in the utility sector. In particular, PG&E was recognized for its low carbon emissions risk, overall sustainability management strategy, and strategic opportunities in renewable power and energy efficiency.
Newsweek magazine named PG&E the greenest utility in the country for the second consecutive year in 2010. We were again named to the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index, one of only five U.S. utilities to earn that distinction. And the Carbon Disclosure Project recognized PG&E as one of the top 10 companies in the S&P 500 for climate change-related disclosure and performance.
Our belief in the importance of environmental leadership has driven performance across our business, most notably in the areas of energy efficiency and renewable energy.
In 2010, our energy efficiency initiatives helped customers save over 250 megawatts of electricity and
23 million therms of natural gas, or the approximate amount of natural gas consumed by tens of thousands of average homes in our service area in one year. We also provided over $170 million in energy efficiency rebates, helping customers save money and providing additional stability to the electric grid through reduced demand.
Through our energy efficiency efforts, the company continued to earn significant incentives under the framework approved by the CPUC in which utilities share in the benefits of energy efficiency savings they help customers achieve. In December 2010, the CPUC awarded PG&E $29.1 million in incentives after a final review and consideration of the savings achieved by the company in its 2006–2008 program cycle, which is credited with saving $1.5 billion in energy costs.
PG&E’s accomplishments were also solid on the renewable energy front. In 2010, we added about 290 megawatts of renewable energy to our supply, helping to increase our renewables deliveries to 17.7 percent of our total energy mix. PG&E also signed additional contracts to buy another 2,000 megawatts of renewable power in the future.
The additions to our supply will help PG&E achieve California’s goals to significantly increase renewable energy deliveries over the next decade. The state’s 33 percent target by 2020 is currently the most ambitious renewable energy goal in the country. Similarly, these efforts will also help the company as it works to meet requirements to reduce greenhouse gas emissions under California’s landmark Global Warming Solutions Act.
As we pursue these goals, we remain fully committed to achieving results in ways that most effectively minimize the costs for utility customers.
LOOKING FORWARD
If, as we said in the opening of this letter, 2010 will be looked back on as a year in which we faced tremendous challenges, we are determined that it will also be remembered as a turning point—a pivotal moment that led us to rethink the way PG&E approaches key aspects of its business and raise its operational performance and service to set a new standard.
This determination will continue to drive us in 2011, and it will shape the way we continue to respond to the challenges that lie ahead.
Our priorities this year will continue to focus above all on the safety and integrity of our operations. As the investigations into the San Bruno tragedy move forward this year, we know we will gain more insights that will
4

inform our efforts in this area. Our commitment is to apply them aggressively and take the appropriate steps to renew our customers’ confidence in our system and practices.
We also will continue to actively reach out to customers to cultivate stronger relationships built on trust and confidence in PG&E. In everything we are doing today, we are striving to see PG&E through our customers’ eyes and act in ways we would want to be served if we were in their shoes.
By succeeding in these two priorities, we will have a strong foundation to deliver on the responsibility we always have to create value for our investors.
We remain confident that PG&E’s future is as full of opportunity as it has ever been. Even so, we understand that many of our stakeholders are watching closely—and perhaps even cautiously—as we move ahead.
Above all, we understand that your focus will rightly be on concrete action rather than words. On behalf of all 20,000 men and women of PG&E, we look forward to delivering results that will demonstrate our commitment and speak for themselves over the course of this year and beyond.
Sincerely,
Peter A. Darbee
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President of PG&E Corporation
March 14, 2011
 5
