     P
otlatch, along with much of the forest products industry, endured another difficult and challenging year in 2002. While Potlatch’s overall financial performance during the year was disap- pointing, our Board of Directors and management team continued to advance the company-wide strategy of refocusing
our resources on those businesses with the greatest potential for growing earnings and adding shareholder value over time. This past year we pursued that strategy by making significant changes in the company’s structure through the sale of assets and the exit from some product lines and businesses. We also built on the strategy through investments in new proprietary products and expansion of existing businesses.
Asset sales and related activities, coupled with a salaried workforce restructuring in the fourth quarter, resulted in significant non-recurring charges during the year – most of them non-cash – which in combination with challenging market conditions for our business segments contributed to a substantial loss for the year. Despite the reported loss, the company maintained a positive cash flow that allowed us to continue strengthening our balance sheet through retirement of debt as well as investing in potential high-return projects.
In summary, all business segment performance was influenced by general economic sluggishness and the unusual strength of the U.S. dollar, which peaked against foreign currencies early in 2002 and then began a modest decline in the first half that continued through the year and into 2003. Although the dollar presently remains overvalued on an historic basis, the declines over the past 12 months are beginning to exert positive influences on many of our markets.
Our Resource Division experienced stronger earnings in 2002 due to improved external sales volumes and realizations as well as the sale of surplus property in Oregon, Minnesota and Arkansas.
Oversupplied international markets for most lumber and panel products challenged our Wood Products Division throughout the year despite a robust domestic housing industry. This pattern first emerged in mid-2000 and has prevailed each year since, negatively influencing
prices for all wood products. Lumber prices fell to historic lows as imports accelerated in spite of U.S.-imposed duties for Canadian softwood lumber. At this writing, we are hopeful that a long-term negotiated solution will finally resolve our long-standing concern over Canada’s subsidized resource allocation practices. In the interim, however, the Canadians continue to push wood products across our border and thus contribute to lower pricing
for all North American producers.
A 23-day strike at the company’s Southern Unit in
Warren, Arkansas, contributed to the wood product segment’s losses, but ultimately concluded with agree- ment on a competitive contract. The Bradley hardwood
of the union leadership in Lewiston. To assure our customers of adequate product supply during negotiations, we substantially increased inventories of paperboard
and tissue, which had a short-term adverse impact on earnings during the year.
In the first quarter of 2003, our printing paper
mill in Brainerd, Minnesota, was sold to Missota Paper Company LLC for $4.44 million in cash. Efforts to
sell Brainerd had been underway since the mill was permanently closed in mid-May 2002 in conjunction with the sale of most of our printing papers segment’s assets in Cloquet, Minnesota, to a domestic subsidiary of Sappi Limited.
1.5 million acres of our forestland in Idaho, Minnesota and Arkansas. Potlatch’s management practices were subsequently certified as meeting both the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) Environmental Management System and the Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI®) requirements for 2002-2004. As we reported last year, the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified management practices at our Boardman, Oregon, hybrid poplar plantation in 2001 as part of our plan to capitalize on growing markets for certified hardwood lumber.
Potlatch has long understood that our financial success is tied to maintaining public trust and acceptance
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 “Potlatch has long understood that our financial success
is tied to maintaining public trust and acceptance of
our resource management practices.”
L. Pendleton Siegel (left),
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Richard L. Paulson,
President and Chief Operating Officer
 lumber mill in Warren was permanently closed in the third quarter and Potlatch exited the hardwood lumber business. Although recent capital improvements had enhanced this mill’s productivity, ongoing raw material limitations prevented attainment of optimum efficiency. We subsequently sold the Bradley property to an independent Arkansas entrepreneur.
Our pulp-based businesses experienced a net loss for the year, despite the beginning of demand and price improvements for paperboard and a relatively stable tissue market. In January of 2003, unions representing employees at our pulp-based operations in Lewiston, Idaho, approved a new four-year contract. The new contract brings our Idaho pulp and paperboard labor costs more in line with our competitors and was a direct result of positive and constructive attitudes on the part
Proceeds from sale of our printing papers assets were used to retire over $470 million in debt in 2002, which significantly strengthened our balance sheet by reducing interest charges and also freed capital for investment in our resource, wood products and consumer tissue business segments.
Each of our business segments implemented activi- ties during the year that collectively moved us toward realization of our company-wide strategy.
For example, the Resource Division continued to build on its strategy of expanding revenue opportunities by systematically evaluating all lands and resources under its management for their highest and best uses, including recreation leases and conservation easements.
In the second half of 2002, independent third-party forest management audits were conducted on all
of our resource management practices. Certification is simply an extension of our commitment to responsible land stewardship. However, the endorsement of these respected organizations provides an extra measure of assurance for our customers, the public and government policy leaders.
While certification facilitates Potlatch’s exploration of high-return niche markets for certified wood products, it also lays necessary groundwork for developing non-timber revenue opportunities such as conservation easements. A major step toward the latter objective was made late in the year when Potlatch signed an option agreement with the internationally recognized Trust for Public Land (TPL) to pursue a working forest conservation easement on a substantial portion of our Idaho timber- lands. The agreement calls for a phased evaluation of
  2
3
      
   2004, will produce an additional 30,000 tons (3.6 million cases) of premium towel for retail store customers in the West and to service expanding markets in the Midwest and East.
In January of 2003 we separated our paperboard and consumer tissue businesses into two separate divisions. This change reflects the increasing require- ments of our private label consumer tissue operations in response to our plans for growth.
Our paperboard business enjoyed improved demand for most of its products during the year, with extended order backlogs at both Cypress Bend, Arkansas, and Lewiston. Mid-year price improvements began to take hold
demonstrate consistent quality, we are concentrating on upgrading Lewiston’s product mix. We continue to believe our paperboard business has the scale to be competitive, and progress achieved in the past year appears to confirm that belief.
Throughout the year we continued our efforts to reduce costs company-wide and late in 2002 restructured our salaried workforce through job consolidation and phasing out of non-essential activities on an operation- by-operation basis. We expect the restructuring will result in combined annual savings of approximately $7 million.
Potlatch has been fortunate to have outstanding leadership on our Board of Directors through the very
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Quality improvements at our Cypress Bend, Arkansas, paper- board mill permitted Potlatch to
capture an increasing share of the high-end packaging market in 2002. The Lewiston, Idaho, operation started achieving new quality and productivity targets late in the year, allowing the mill to begin upgrading its product mix.
 gradually during the latter half of 2002, and we expect those improvements to continue into the current year.
Our pulp and paperboard operation in Cypress Bend remains one of the industry’s low-cost producers and continues to enhance its reputation for quality as a result of capital improvements completed two years ago. In recognition of the mill’s emphasis on quality, Cypress Bend last year earned the Arkansas Governor’s Quality Achievement Award. As we noted in last year’s annual report, this relentless pursuit of quality has allowed Potlatch to capture an increasing share of the market for high-end packaging, particularly for cosmetics.
Due in large part to the continued dedication and commitment of its workforce, our Lewiston pulp and paperboard operation began achieving quality and productivity targets late in 2002 and into 2003. As we
challenging decade of the 1990s. We note with sadness the passing of Richard A. Clarke. A Potlatch director for 17 years, Dick was just short of his mandatory retirement. Vivian W. Piasecki reached mandatory retirement age in 2002, after 10 years on our Board. We will all miss their wisdom and guidance.
We are pleased to have obtained the services of
two new Board members, both with extensive consumer products experience. Michael T. Riordan, 52, joined Potlatch’s Board of Directors effective December 31, 2002. He was most recently Chairman, Chief Executive
Officer and President of Paragon Trade Brands, following several years of service as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Fort Howard Corporation. Lawrence S. Peiros, 47, Group Vice President of The Clorox Company, was elected to the Board, effective
 5
  easement candidate properties, starting in 2003. If approved by our Board of Directors, properties selected during the evaluation process will be permanently protected from commercial and residential development, which are inconsistent with sustainable timber produc- tion and recreational and scenic uses. In exchange for foregoing development opportunities, Potlatch will receive compensation – raised from public and private sources – that TPL believes can exceed $40 million.
Our Resource Division has also accepted an invitation from the highly respected Pinchot Institute for Conservation to participate in an independent evaluation of our Idaho forest management practices against SFI and
costs. Both of these products have patent protection. In addition, we have added OXTremeTM, a sub-flooring panel that resists edge swelling due to moisture, to our OSB Sturd-I-Floor line. Each of these new products has met with market acceptance, and we will aggressively expand their market presence in 2003. The division is also exploring other proprietary wood products, which we expect to announce later in the year.
Late last year we began a 30 percent expansion
of softwood lumber production at our Arkansas sawmills in Warren and Prescott through the addition of a third shift. That expansion, coupled with productivity improve- ments throughout the division, should reduce unit costs
Private label consumer tissue will be Potlatch’s growth engine in the current decade as we meet existing
customers’ growing needs and expand our customer base. A new $66 million tissue machine at Las Vegas, Nevada, will add premium quality towels to the product line by early 2004.
FSC, the two primary North American environmental performance standards. We are the first publicly traded forest products company to participate in such an open comparison of these standards and, as such, we are demonstrating our stewardship commitment and enhancing the credibility of our certification efforts. Results of the comparison, which will be made public, should provide useful information for improving management practices and certification approaches.
In mid-year, our Wood Products Division completed development of new, proprietary panel products that
offer great values for both builders and homeowners. Three new oriented strand board (OSB) products include OXTerminatorTM, a new panel that resists rot and insects and has superior mold inhibiting qualities, and LuminOX®, which has a radiant barrier to reduce heating and cooling
and increase Potlatch’s overall lumber production by roughly 15 percent in 2003.
As previously reported, we believe our private label consumer tissue business will be the company’s growth engine through the remainder of this decade as Potlatch continues to meet the expanding needs of our existing customers and broadens our customer base through an aggressive sales effort. Accordingly, the Board of Directors in September approved a $66 million capital project to add a new tissue machine and related converting facilities adjacent to our operations in Las Vegas, Nevada. The new machine employs licensed proprietary through-air-dried (TAD) technology that will enable
us to manufacture premium towel products equal to the best quality currently available in the U.S. The new 102-inch-wide machine, scheduled for startup early in
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 One of Potlatch’s new patent-protected wood products, LuminOX® is an oriented strand
board panel with a foil-radiant barrier that reduces heating and cooling costs in residential and commercial buildings. Other proprietary wood products are under development.
 4
      
 February 1, 2003, and brings over 20 years of strategy and marketing experience in the consumer products industry.
We enter the new year with a mixed economic outlook, which is currently heavily influenced by yet unresolved international issues. However, the weakness in the U.S. dollar over the past nine months is beginning to exert favorable effects on our product lines. While
it is impossible to predict just how events will unfold or how they may influence our respective businesses, we can report with certainty that Potlatch is continuing its progress toward a return to sustained profitability. The key to that progress is continued implementation of our strategy of focusing on businesses that have proven potential for growth and in which we have and can maintain competitive advantages. As we have outlined here, each of our business segments has implemented
specific actions in the past year that collectively contribute to that strategy. In the months to come, they will continue on that course, which we are convinced will result in stronger earnings and, ultimately, increase shareholder value.
L. Pendleton Siegel
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Richard L. Paulson
President and Chief Operating Officer March 7, 2003
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  RESOURCE
Operations: Arkansas, Idaho, Minnesota and Oregon
Products: 1.5 million acres of timberland producing a variety of softwood and hardwood species and 17,000 acres of agricultural land growing hybrid poplar.
Sales & Distribution: Arkansas, Idaho and Minnesota.
WOOD PRODUCTS
Operations: Arkansas, Idaho and Minnesota
Products: Oriented strand board, lumber, plywood and particleboard. Sales & Distribution: Throughout the United States.
   2002
2001 2000 $525,967
1,083,695 602,823 171,438
68,209
          $172
           372
           280
           239
 $496,669
$484,843
1,276,897 679,772 118,820
61,427
1,127,474 683,828 142,424
66,049
$129
 347
 268
 189
$129
 351
 259
 195
     2002
2001
2000
$315,116 37,208
$352,324
Sales* ($ in 000’s)
Shipments:
Oriented strand board
(m. sq. ft., 3/8" basis)
Lumber
(m. bd. ft.)
Plywood
(m. sq. ft., 3/8" basis)
Particleboard
(m. sq. ft., 3/4" basis)
Realizations ($ per unit): Oriented strand board
(m. sq. ft., 3/8" basis)
Lumber
(m. bd. ft.)
Plywood
(m. sq. ft., 3/8" basis)
Particleboard
(m. sq. ft., 3/4" basis) *Excludes internal sales.
    $339,169 65,335
$367,737 38,073
$404,504
$405,810
 Sales ($ in 000’s) Internal sales External sales
Total
 PULP AND PAPER
Operations: Lewiston, Idaho; Cypress Bend, Arkansas; Las Vegas, Nevada,
and Benton Harbor, Michigan
Products: Bathroom and facial tissue, towels and napkins packaged for various store labels; bleached paperboard for packaging liquids and other products and for paper cups and plates; bleached softwood pulp.
Sales & Distribution: Bleached paperboard products and pulp worldwide; tissue products throughout the United States and Canada.
    2002
2001
2000 $730,018
574,744 148,607 41,175
$ 687 1,715 466
 $724,213
$751,669
597,968 164,229 42,232
606,396 160,748 37,787
$ 601 1,725 267
$ 642 1,782 273
    Sales* ($ in 000’s)
Shipments (tons): Paperboard Tissue
Pulp**
Realizations ($ per ton): Paperboard
Tissue
Pulp
*Excludes internal sales. **Excludes pulp used internally.
         6
   PRINCIPAL FACILITIES
SPOKANE EXECUTIVE OFFICES POST FALLS
BEMIDJI COOK GRAND RAPIDS
     LEWISTON BOARDMAN
ST. MARIES
MINNESOTA
ARKANSAS
              BENTON HARBOR
   OREGON
  NEVADA
IDAHO
 MICHIGAN
    LAS VEGAS
REGIONAL LAND BASES
Arkansas, Idaho, Minnesota, Oregon (a)
SAWMILLS (CAPACITY)
Prescott, Arkansas 200,000 m. bd. ft. Warren, Arkansas 200,000 m. bd. ft. Lewiston, Idaho 165,000 m. bd. ft. St. Maries, Idaho 100,000 m. bd. ft. Bemidji, Minnesota 90,000 m. bd. ft.
PRESCOTT WARREN CYPRESS BEND
    PLYWOOD MILL ( C A P A C I T Y ) (b)
St. Maries, Idaho 145,000 m. sq. ft.
ORIENTED STRAND BOARD MILLS (CAPACITY)(b)
Bemidji, Minnesota 535,000 m. sq. ft.
Cook, Minnesota 435,000 m. sq. ft.
Grand Rapids, Minnesota 375,000 m. sq. ft.
PARTICLEBOARD MILL ( C A P A C I T Y ) (c)
Post Falls, Idaho 70,000 m. sq. ft.
BLEACHED KRAFT
PULP MILLS (CAPACITY)
Cypress Bend, Arkansas 265,000 tons
Lewiston, Idaho 505,000 tons
BLEACHED PAPERBOARD MILLS (CAPACITY)
Cypress Bend, Arkansas 285,000 tons
Lewiston, Idaho 355,000 tons
TISSUE MILL (CAPACITY)
Lewiston, Idaho 175,000 tons
TISSUE CONVERTING FACILITIES (CAPACITY)
Lewiston, Idaho
120,000 tons
Benton Harbor, Michigan (d) 5,000 tons
Las Vegas, Nevada
45,000 tons
(a) Potlatch owns a 17,000-acre hybrid poplar plantation in Boardman, Oregon.
(b) 3/8" basis
(c) 3/4" basis
(d) Leased facility
POTLATCH CORPORATION AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES
 7
      