Fellow Shareholders:
Reflecting back on 2009, I am very pleased that our early and decisive actions to preserve financial liquidity,
improve our balance sheet and position our business for economic recovery in 2010 and beyond proved
successful despite a difficult operating climate. During a period when many companies had few options, we
demonstrated that timberland assets are very liquid, easily divisible and relatively immune from short-term
economic pressure.
In our first year as a pure play timber REIT, with 1.6 million acres in three distinct geographic markets,
we outperformed the NAREIT Equity Index and our 2009 Peer Group with one-year and three-year total
shareholder returns of 44.3 percent and 3.9 percent, respectively. We maintained our quarterly dividend at
$0.51 per share following the spin-off, offering our investors an attractive yield and sustaining an important
element of Potlatch shareholder returns.
For Potlatch investors who retained ownership in Clearwater Paper Corporation (NYSE:CLW), they have
enjoyed outsized returns with an increase in Clearwater Paper's share price of 221 percent in the one-year
period following the spin-off. By all measures, the spin-off was a success. As of this writing, Potlatch is
valued at approximately 16 times forward-looking analyst EBITDDA estimates, which is substantially higher
than the pre-spin multiple of 8 to 10 times. More importantly, based on our expectations for increasing
future harvest levels and improving EBITDDA, investors will benefit from the higher multiples associated
with pure play timber REITs.
Like many timberland owners, we elected to reduce our harvest levels in 2009, thus deferring volume to
future periods when we expect higher log prices. Our 2009 harvest level of 3.8 million tons was 25 percent
below our projected annual average of 5.1 million tons over the next few years. As pricing and demand for
logs improve with the housing recovery, we will begin to increase harvest levels to 5.1 million tons.
In 2009, we completed recertification audits of our timberland management practices under the Forest
Stewardship Council (FSC) principles. We continue to be the only major publicly traded timberland owner to
FSC-certify 100 percent of our land. We also continue to sell logs, lumber and panel products at premium
prices when the product carries both the Potlatch and FSC labels. Beyond the obvious value attributes of the
FSC program, we believe the FSC principles are the most comprehensive guidelines governing on-the-ground
forest management, providing investors with the assurance that our forests are well-managed.
Our wood products manufacturing business, including framing lumber, cedar decking and industrial plywood,
suffered under the pressure of the worst residential housing market since World War II. Thankfully, through
productivity improvements and reduced costs, we turned the business around and generated positive
EBITDDA in both the third and fourth quarters of 2009. We begin 2010 with a much improved outlook due
to stronger lumber pricing and the prospect for a measured—albeit slow—housing recovery.
The steady performance of our Real Estate division in 2009 was highlighted by sales of about 14,000 acres,
which generated nearly $20 million of revenue. Similar to 2008, the majority of these sales were rural
recreational real estate located in the Lake States. In addition to these recurring sales, we completed two
important non-strategic asset sales which demonstrate the continued liquidity, divisibility and attractiveness
of our timber asset class.
In January 2009, we sold about 24,000 acres in Arkansas near our Prescott sawmill, which was closed in
2008. The proceeds from the $43 million sale were used to help support our quarterly dividend payment.
Following that transaction, we sold rights to the future harvest of nearly 50,000 acres of trees in Arkansas
that are currently pre-mature plantations between the age of one and ten years, while retaining the long-
term ownership of the land. The proceeds from this sale, $49 million, were also used to fund the dividend
and pay down our bank revolver.
Another very positive accomplishment during 2009, attributable to all sectors of the company, was the
improvement in our recordable incident rate, the metric associated with safety performance, which was
reduced from 1.94 in 2008 to 1.36 in 2009, the lowest it has been in many years.
Late in 2009 we tapped the credit markets and issued a $150 million bond with a 10-year maturity and a
7.5 percent coupon. Following the bond offering, we paid down our revolver and now have a completely
undrawn credit facility of $250 million. As the last step in the spin-off of Clearwater Paper, the $100 million
credit sensitive debentures were retired on December 1, 2009.
Our board of directors recognizes that the quarterly dividend of $0.51 per share is important to investors.
We believe that the fundamentals of our core timber business supported by our REIT structure, our current
cash position, a strong balance sheet with minimal near-term debt maturities, and an undrawn $250 million
credit facility bode well for our shareholders. Although the outlook for 2010 looks much better than 2009, a
great deal of uncertainty remains around unemployment, the pace of housing recovery and GDP growth.
On behalf of all of our management team and employees, we thank you for your continued support.
Regards,
Michael J. Covey
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer