 Letter to Shareholders
Fellow Shareholders,
For Potlatch, 2008 was a landmark year. On December 16, 2008, Potlatch set a new course with the spin-off of Clearwater Paper, which represents our largest and most significant change in strategic direction in the company’s 106 year history. To our core, we are a timber company. The new Potlatch is now a pure play timber REIT, keenly focused on maximizing the value of our largest and most valuable asset—1.6 million acres of timberland in three distinct geographic markets.
Following the spin-off, Potlatch is a much smaller company with far less exposure to the cyclical pulp and paper markets and the large capital requirements needed to maintain a competitive manufacturing enterprise. The spin-off unlocked value for shareholders by providing ownership in two public companies that we expect will be worth more, over time, than the value of the pre-spin Potlatch.
While I was pleased with our execution of the spin-off of Clearwater Paper—the first ever by a REIT—I am also acutely aware and reflective about our total shareholder return during 2008. The value of Potlatch shares declined by 27 percent in 2008 compared to a 37 percent decline in the S&P 500. Despite the stock market collapse, we did generate funds from operations of $138 million in 2008 and were able to distribute $80 million to shareholders through dividends.
Both our Resource and Real Estate business segments performed admirably throughout 2008. As planned, we increased our overall timber harvest by 11 percent during 2008 to 4.4 million tons. We remain bullish on the long-term outlook
for timber demand and pricing and plan additional harvest increases once we see evidence that the economic recovery is underway. In anticipation of higher future harvest levels, we took steps during this past year to secure longer term contracts and expand our customer base. In 2008, 80 percent of our annual harvest was sold to external customers.
This past year we completed re-certification of all of our forestland under the standards and principles of the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC), which we believe provides all of our stakeholders with the assurance that our forest practices meet high standards. In 2008, we once again increased our revenue from sales of FSC certified products, both logs and lumber, to $25.3 million, a 49 percent increase over 2007.
Throughout 2008 we continued to execute real estate transactions, selling nearly 18,000 acres of HBU and rural recreational land. The average transaction was about 120 acres in size with an average price of $1,666 per acre. This market is dominated by purchasers whose primary use of the property includes outdoor recreation activities such as hunting, ATV use and in some cases, for solitude and the preservation of capital. The figures above exclude one large- scale sale of non-strategic holdings involving approximately 42,800 acres of lower quality timberland in north central Minnesota to a private investor for more than $16 million. These sales, and similar sales in the future, should continue to provide significant shareholder value.
Today, Potlatch has a strong balance sheet with $350 million in net debt, which includes a $100 million note receivable from Clearwater Paper relating to its agreement to pay all principal and interest on the $100 million credit sensitive debentures when they are due in December 2009. More importantly, other than the credit sensitive debentures, our only debt maturity in 2009 and 2010 was a $400,000 note which has already been retired. During one of the most difficult financial periods in the past 75 years, we were able to secure a new five year, $250 million revolving credit agreement. The credit agreement is secured by our core Idaho timberland and should give us sufficient liquidity to bridge the company through difficult market conditions, even if these conditions persist into 2011.
In November 2008, we added depth and experience to our senior management team with the addition of Tom Temple as our vice president of Wood Products. Tom brings a seasoned marketing and operating perspective from Canada, Asia and the U.S. to bear on a business segment under intense financial pressure associated with a nationwide collapse in housing starts.
continued on next page
  
 Letter to Shareholders (continued)
Following the spin-off, we expect to be able to reduce our corporate administrative expense by approximately $8 million, or 21 percent, per year. Simply put, we’ve asked all of our employees to do more and take on larger roles. To a person, they have risen to the challenges that come with broader opportunities and responsibility. I want to thank our employees for their efforts on behalf of the company during 2008.
During the coming months we will continue to find ways to reduce costs, improve productivity and deliver value. This new streamlined annual report is one example of our efforts. Eliminating the glossy, multi-page annual report trimmed about $100,000 off the production, printing and mailing costs and allowed us to reallocate our time to running our core business.
Although the near-term forecast for housing starts concerns me, I remain confident of Potlatch’s future cash flows as housing recovers. I am optimistic and excited about the future of Potlatch and the investment thesis behind timberland ownership. Low interest rates, demographic trends that favor household formation, increased incentives for green energy, and declining North American timber supply all support higher valuations for the timberland assets we manage.
Before concluding, I’d like to take a moment to acknowledge two outstanding Board members for their dedication to Potlatch. Bill Weyerhaeuser, our vice chairman since 2004, resigned from the board after 19 years of service to become a director of the spin-off company, Clearwater Paper. Similarly, Mike Riordan, who joined the Potlatch board in 2002, resigned to serve on the Clearwater Paper board. Both were instrumental in guiding Potlatch through the REIT conversion, as well as the spin-off, and I would like to thank each of them for their exceptional guidance and service.
As we begin 2009, we see tremendous potential to grow as a pure play timber REIT. By delivering on our strategy to increase harvest from our core timberlands and divest of non-strategic lands, such as the $43 million dollar transaction in Arkansas in January of 2009, we can be responsive to market conditions and capitalize on opportunities.
We have a solid foundation, the leadership and the business acumen to further enhance our position as an industry-leading timber REIT. We are committed to providing a competitive return on our shareholders’ investment and believe we are well positioned to do so again in 2009.
For shareholders who wish to know more about our company, news, community involvement and commitment to shareholder value, please visit the corporate Web site at www.potlatchcorp.com.
Sincerely,
Michael J. Covey
Chairman, President and CEO
         