A Message From
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Roger D. Linquist
To Our Stockholders,
Since launching service in 2002, our mission at MetroPCS has been to change the way in which wireless services are provided by offering flexible, affordable and predictable unlimited wireless communications services. We are the leader in providing unlimited wireless services, and in 2007, we added over 1 million subscribers for the second consecutive year. We currently serve more than 4 million subscribers in 12 major metropolitan markets in the United States. The past five years have been nothing short of remarkable – and today, we are among the fastest growing wireless broadband PCS providers in the United States.
At the core of our continued success is the simplicity of our service plans. We offer a simple, affordable, flat-rate, unlimited wireless service with no signed contract to a mass market, which we believe has been largely underserved by traditional wireless carriers. Furthermore, with our unlimited service plans, our subscribers do not need to be concerned with their minutes of use. As a result, our subscribers use their phones on average over 2,000 minutes per month, or in other words, well over an hour every day.
MetroPCS’ current service area covers a population of approximately 60 million consumers across the United States. We expect to continue to increase our subscriber base in 2008 while at the same time building out our network, which, when completed, will cover a population of approximately 100 million consumers. We believe this network expansion will provide outstanding potential for the future.
We operate in a competitive industry that is growing and evolving quickly. One factor, in particular, that we believe is helping to fuel our impressive growth is landline replacement. From studies we’ve conducted, we have found that approximately 85% of our subscribers use our service as their primary phone. Furthermore, a recent Government study revealed that 1 in 8 families have discontinued their landline phone and now rely completely on wireless service. We believe our affordable, unlimited, flat- rate service provides a compelling value proposition, especially as families increasingly “cut the cord.”
With this increased opportunity comes a critical challenge, and that is to maintain our low cost structure while offering a differentiated product that provides customers the most value for their dollar. We built MetroPCS from the ground up and with every step we have kept a critical eye on managing our costs while offering our subscribers unlimited usage. An important measure we use to track our costs is Cost Per User (CPU), and, for the full year 2007, our Core Markets reported a CPU of just under $15

– approximately 40% lower than the average CPU of the national wireless carriers. With our industry leading low cost structure, we have also generated superior Adjusted EBITDA growth while maintaining stable Average Revenue Per User (ARPU). For a discussion of defined terms and GAAP reconciliation, see “Managements Discussion and Analysis” in the annual report on Form-10K included herein.
As we continue to grow, we remain focused on balancing this growth with profitability. For this reason, we actively monitor and manage our Cost Per Gross Addition (CPGA). We reported consolidated CPGA of approximately $124 for the full year 2007. This is nearly two thirds lower than the average CPGA of the national wireless carriers.
With our unlimited service plans and laser-focus on managing costs to maintain a low CPU and CPGA, we are proud to say that we have profitability characteristics similar to the largest national wireless carriers in the industry. Our 2007 average monthly Core Market Adjusted EBITDA was $22 per subscriber. Our full year Core Market Adjusted EBITDA margin was 46%. On a consolidated basis, we reported average monthly Adjusted EBITDA of nearly $16 per subscriber and a margin of approximately 35%. Over time, as markets mature, we believe our consolidated Adjusted EBITDA per subscriber as well as our consolidated Adjusted EBITDA margin will continue to improve.
Continued customer penetration within our Core Markets is also an important part of the growth of our business, and at the end of 2007, we reported Core Market penetration of 11.3%, representing a year-over-year gain of approximately 1.1%. We are pleased to see that growth in our Core Markets continues to be robust. After passing the 1 million subscriber milestone in our Expansion Markets during the second quarter, we recorded over 100% subscriber growth for the full year 2007, resulting in customer penetration of approximately 4.3%.
Reflecting on the past year, 2007 was an exciting and groundbreaking time for MetroPCS for a number of reasons, some which I’d like to outline in more detail:
First, our strong growth and expansion since 2002 culminated with the successful completion our Initial Public Offering in April of 2007. In June 2007, we completed an additional Senior Notes offering, resulting in additional capital that further strengthened our balance sheet. It is important to note that we have a fully funded business plan which is of critical importance given current debt and equity market conditions. We continue to invest in building and expanding our network and launching service in new markets.
In September of 2007, we launched service in Los Angeles, our largest market to date. This launch required months of hard work and planning and I am proud of the results we have seen. After launching service with approximately 11 million covered POPs, the system has continued to be aggressively expanded and we expect our

service to be available to 15 million POPs by the end of the third quarter 2008. An important takeaway from this build-out is the benefit we saw in using Distributed Antenna Systems (DAS) as a key design element. As we build-out additional markets in the Northeast, possessing even greater challenges, DAS affords us the ability to potentially increase our speed to market and provide a denser network at launch to help fuel our future growth.
As an extension to our launch of service in the Los Angeles metropolitan area, we launched service in Las Vegas at the end of the first quarter of 2008 serving an estimated million and a half consumers. Las Vegas is the first commercially launched AWS market in the country by any carrier. We are excited about this launch and believe that coverage in Las Vegas will result in continued subscriber growth, as well as further increase the overall value of our service offerings to new and existing subscribers.
With service launches commencing in our key Northeast markets, we will add a new dimension to our future growth potential. We anticipate that by mid-2009 we will offer service in 9 of the top 12 markets in the U.S. including Philadelphia, Boston and New York City. When fully built, the addition of service within these metropolitan areas in the Northeast, will add approximately 60% to our current covered population footprint. Since we are only as good as our network, we understand that each of these phased market launches requires a significant amount of planning, engineering and construction. Utilizing our previous experiences in the launch of other major markets, we are confident in our ability to build-out, launch and grow our subscriber base within all of these markets.
In closing, MetroPCS is an innovative and disciplined company, possessing both the entrepreneurial spirit and operational focus necessary to deliver the results that truly matter. We believe the key to building long-term value for our stockholders is to deliver consistent results and provide our customers the best value for their dollar. We are proud of the many accomplishments we have made at MetroPCS since its inception. We are the leader in providing unlimited service and are changing the way wireless services are provided. We look forward to continuing the growth of our company as well as the launch of service in additional major metropolitan markets in 2008 and 2009. Unlimit Yourself.
Sincerely,
Roger D. Linquist
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 