  5-Year Cumulative Comparative Total Returns as of December 31, 2005
200
150
100
50
     2000
PSEG
2001
2002
Dow Jones Utilities
2003 2004
S&P 500
2005
S&P Electrics
    PSEG’s total return for the last five years has outpaced three major market indices. This chart shows the value on December 31 of each year of $100 invested on December 31, 2000. The value assumes reinvested dividends.
 E. James Ferland
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer Public Service Enterprise Group
Dear Shareholder: I am pleased to report that 2005 was a year of outstand- ing accomplishment for your company.
We generated solid earnings and cash flow, improved operations at our nuclear stations in southern New Jersey, won recognition as America’s most reliable electric utility and made significant progress toward completing our historic merger with Exelon Corporation. PSEG and Exelon shareholders approved the merger in July, each casting more than 97 percent of their votes in favor of the transaction. We expect the merger to close in the third quarter of 2006 after we get the remaining regulatory approvals.
In addition to the strong results achieved in 2005, we have a very positive multi-year financial outlook based on current and anticipated levels of oper- ational performance in this period of high energy prices. Moreover, the future looks even brighter in combination with Exelon.
2 PSEG 2005

America’s Most Reliable: PSE&G won the prestigious ReliabilityOneTM National Achievement Award in 2005 for reliability leadership among more than 120 electric utilities evaluated coast
to coast.
PSEG 2005 3
      
Our long-term emphasis on creating shareholder value
again benefited investors:
I In 2005, PSEG achieved a total shareholder return of
approximately 30 percent, outpacing major national and
industry indices by a wide margin.
I Our performance continues to compare favorably with
the same indices over a longer period: We delivered a total shareholder return of more than 70 percent for the five years ending December 31, 2005.
Dividends continued to be a key way we reward our shareholders: 2005 marked the 98th consecutive year that PSEG paid annual dividends. We again increased our dividend modestly in 2005, raising it from an annual rate of $2.20 to $2.24 per share. Our Board of Directors recently approved a further one-cent increase in the quarterly dividend, raising the annual indicated dividend rate to $2.28 per share. Looking ahead, the merger agreement provides that our shareholders will be kept whole with respect to the dividend payout.
Operating earnings, which exclude merger-related costs, were $3.65 per share in 2005, well above 2004 operating earnings of $3.24 per share. All of our businesses performed well.
2005 was marked by dramatic changes in the natural gas and electricity markets. In particular, natural gas prices more than doubled in 2005, leading to unavoidable increases in gas supply costs which we strove to minimize on behalf of our New Jersey utility customers. Twice during the year we had to pass on these increases, even as we continued working to hold the line on them.
PSEG Power: Improved Operations
While higher natural gas prices affected all purchasers of fuel, including our company, we are fortunate in having
a large domestic generation business whose electric output mostly comes from low-cost nuclear and coal units. This business, PSEG Power, benefited significantly in 2005 from improved operations in this environment of higher-trending electric prices. PSEG Power’s five nuclear units achieved a combined capacity factor of 90 percent in 2005, compared to 82 percent in 2004, and its coal units improved year-over-year availability by nine percent.
The improvements at our Hope Creek and Salem nuclear stations are an especially encouraging and important development. This progress owes much to our collaboration with Exelon, which since January 2005 has been managing the stations under a nuclear oper- ating services agreement. Exelon owns and operates the nation’s largest nuclear fleet. Its expertise and depth of resources in nuclear operations are producing substantial benefits at Hope Creek and Salem.
Milestones in Nuclear Progress
A number of milestones marked our nuclear progress
in 2005:
I We improved operations by many performance measures,
with continued attention to safety as our number-one pri- ority. The Hope Creek and Salem stations generated more electricity in 2005 than in any other year in their history.
I We executed planned-refueling outages at our Salem units – both involving reactor head replacements – and set new records for ourselves and the industry. In the spring Salem Unit 2 completed its best-ever refueling outage in 35 days. Applying lessons learned in achieving this positive outcome, Salem 1 completed its fall outage in 25 days and 6 hours – a new world record for a reac- tor head replacement outage.
I We achieved long, successful runs: Both Salem units were simultaneously online for 152 days prior to the fall outage at Salem Unit 1.
  4 PSEG 2005

The Benefits of Nuclear Generation: Low-cost nuclear generation is an important part of PSEG’s business, while serving the public’s need for safe, clean and affordable energy.
PSEG 2005 5
       
Meeting New Jersey’s Energy Needs:
PSE&G’s energy infrastructure plays a vital role in supporting New Jersey’s economy and quality of life. Its electric distribution network serves more than 2 million customers across the state.
 6 PSEG 2005
       
Our fossil stations also improved their performance in 2005, generating nine percent more megawatt-hours of electricity than in the prior year. Their performance was especially critical in meeting demand during a summer of record-breaking heat in the Northeast.
In 2005 PSEG Power completed and brought into commercial operation a new generating facility, the Bethlehem Energy Center (BEC) near Albany, New York. This 750-megawatt gas-fired facility replaced an older oil-fired steam station we acquired in 2000. BEC uses state-of-the-art, combined-cycle technology to produce energy far more efficiently than the older station, while dramatically reducing emissions and the use of Hudson River water for cooling. The new plant not only reflects our strong and continuing environmental commitment, but demonstrates how economic and environmental progress can go together.
PSE&G: The Nation’s Reliability Leader
PSE&G, New Jersey’s largest utility and one of the largest electric and gas utilities in the nation, remained a mainstay of our business and a key source of solid, dependable earnings. Perennially a top-tier industry performer, PSE&G was recognized for superior electric reliability in its region for the fourth consecutive year in 2005. In addition, reflecting an even higher level of excellence, PSE&G won the prestigious ReliabilityOneTM National Achievement Award, based on a review of the electric reliability results of more than 120 North American utilities by PA Consulting, a major industry benchmarking firm.
In being honored as the national reliability leader, PSE&G was recognized for continuously reducing the number and duration of outages, using innovative
technology and making necessary investments in its electric delivery system. I commend our employees for this stellar accomplishment, which speaks volumes about their skills, teamwork and continued dedication to the highest standards of performance.
Once again in 2005, PSE&G employees provided countless examples of reliability in action in all types of weather and conditions. Their response was out- standing during the week of July 25, when extreme heat and humidity pushed the demand for electric power to new record-breaking peaks in our New Jersey service territory. They were equally up to the test during mid-January’s blizzard and frigid tempera- tures when we had near all-time peak gas usage.
An Active Tradition of Caring
There were also many outstanding examples in 2005, as in past years, of PSE&G employees helping people in times of emergency and special need. PSE&G employee volunteer crews joined in the vast recovery effort in the aftermath of Katrina, Rita and other storms that devastated America’s gulf region. Their restoration work gave aid, comfort and hope to thousands of people in rebuilding lives and communities.
Safety-first work practices are an absolute priority
at our company as well as a necessity in the utility industry. On a disappointing note, our safety record
in 2005 was not as good as in 2004 when employees enjoyed their safest year in our company’s 102-year history. Tragically, we had an employee fatality in 2005, the first in nine years. We have reinvigorated our dedication to safety and expect to resume in 2006 the substantial improvement in safety that employees made over the last decade, during which they reduced the number and frequency of accidents by two-thirds.
   PSEG 2005 7

A Century of Progress: PSEG’s success for more than a century has been built on providing safe, reliable energy to benefit customers, investors and the wider public. The company’s generation fleet is among the largest in America’s Northeast.
A Robust Delivery System
PSE&G continued to invest in infrastructure improvements across its pipes-and-wires network, which plays a critical role in supporting New Jersey’s economy and quality of life. In 2005, PSE&G completed and placed into service a new, third bank of transformers at the Branchburg switching station, an important transmission hub in central New Jersey. The additional bank of transformers boosted the station’s capacity by 950 megawatts, to 2,150 megawatts, allowing greater transfers of electric power while improving reliability.
Our gas delivery base rates have been stable for the past four years, during which we invested more than $685 million in technology and infrastructure improve- ments. In light of these large and necessary outlays, PSE&G filed in September 2005 for a rate increase
of $133 million, or 3.8 percent, in gas base rate rev- enues. We requested this rate relief take effect in June 2006, after this winter’s heating season, to ease the impact on our customers.
A Focus on Affordable Energy
We continued our best efforts to keep energy costs as low as possible for our New Jersey utility customers. This was no easy task against the backdrop of rising fuel and power prices. As an energy delivery company, PSE&G does not mark up the cost of energy supply provided to its customers. Rather, PSE&G works hard to manage and control these costs, which make up more than two-thirds of the average customer’s bill. We have found many opportunities to hedge against potential price run-ups by purchasing gas and storing more of it in off-peak periods. While natural gas prices increased
8 PSEG 2005
       
significantly, our gas supply charges remained the lowest of any utility in New Jersey.
New Jersey’s Basic Generation Service (BGS) auctions have also helped keep electric supply costs lower than they would otherwise be. Established four years ago, the BGS auctions have provided a highly effective mechanism for New Jersey’s electric utilities to acquire electricity on behalf of their customers. The auctions have attracted healthy competition among suppliers. They have also dampened price volatility by providing staggered three- year contracts, under which only a portion of the New Jersey load is bid each year.
Despite these and other constructive steps, higher energy prices were a fact of life in 2005, reflecting national and international developments. We continued
to work on many fronts to help customers cope with the situation, including through special assistance programs for low-income customers.
PSEG Energy Holdings: Its Best Year Ever
PSEG Energy Holdings, our business with both domestic and international components, had its best year ever in 2005, delivering earnings well above plan. Its operational arm, PSEG Global, enjoyed a fine performance from its diverse portfolio of generation and distribution facilities. An important earnings contribution in 2005 was made by PSEG Global’s two modern, clean-burning gas-fired power stations in Texas – each with 1,000 megawatts of generating capacity.
PSEG Energy Holdings’ strategy has focused on extracting the maximum value from its assets and
PSEG 2005 9
      
selectively monetizing investments when it makes
good business sense. In keeping with this strategy, PSEG Resources – the passive investment arm of PSEG Energy Holdings – concluded an agreement in December 2005 to sell its interest in the coal-fired Seminole Generation Unit 2 in Florida. This sale resulted in an after-tax gain of approximately $43 million. It also produced significant cash proceeds, which we used along with cash generated from PSEG Global to reduce debt and further enhance PSEG Energy Holdings’ financial position.
We are continuing with our program of reducing exposure to international markets when attractive opportunities are available. In January 2006, PSEG Global reached an agreement to sell its interests in the Skawina and Elcho power plants in Poland. The sale is expected to generate net cash proceeds of about $300 million, an amount in excess of book value.
A Bright Outlook for PSEG
Looking ahead, our expectations for improving earnings are driven largely by our cost-effective nuclear and coal units in the current high commodity price environment. These units represent more than 80 percent of PSEG Power’s expected annual output and an even larger por- tion of its profitability. Their economics have become even more favorable compared to higher-cost natural gas units, which often set the price of electricity. Moreover, PSEG Power has already termed up at attrac- tive prices most of its expected 2006 nuclear and coal generation output, and has increased the volume of its contracted generation through 2007 and 2008.
Based largely on PSEG Power’s fundamentally strong position, we expect a continuation of our company’s robust earnings performance in 2006. Longer term,
we expect earnings growth at PSEG to be in excess of ten percent in 2007 and 2008. This reflects realistic assumptions, including that PSEG Power’s fleet continues to operate well and that PSE&G obtains reasonable outcomes in its regulatory proceedings.
An Even Brighter Future with Exelon
While our outlook remains bright as a stand-alone company, we have a unique opportunity to create an even stronger platform for long-term success by combining with Exelon.
The strategic reasons for the merger remain compelling. The closing of the merger will provide PSEG with asset, geographic and regulatory diversification; scale in the merchant generation business; and the ability to achieve excellent nuclear performance on a par with that of large nuclear fleet operators such as Exelon.
Risk reduction is a particularly important objective of the merger. The new combined company will have utilities in three major metropolitan areas and an electric generating fleet across a multi-state region. This larger footprint will reduce the concentration of risks we face as a company operating one U.S. utility within a single state and relying on a relatively small number of power plants for most of our generation revenues.
The completion of the merger will also substantially reduce execution risk as we work to sustain and
further strengthen the improvements in our nuclear performance. It will enable us to integrate our nuclear operations with Exelon’s. This will be an important step – indeed, a key one – toward achieving nuclear excellence.
The improved long-term nuclear performance we expect as a result of the merger should significantly
 10 PSEG 2005

A Big Job in All Seasons: PSE&G has continued to make large investments in its gas distribution network to ensure a high level of reliability for more than 1.6 million customers in New Jersey.
PSEG 2005 11
      
Dedication to Community: PSEG and its employees have remained deeply engaged in supporting charitable and civic endeavors in New Jersey. Exelon has a similarly strong, active commitment to the communities it serves.
 12 PSEG 2005
      
benefit New Jersey utility customers by producing
more low-cost energy and thereby lowering wholesale electric prices. Nuclear power is unrivaled as a safe
and abundant source of low-cost, emissions-free energy. It currently meets approximately 50 percent of New Jersey’s electricity needs. The merger provides the right framework for producing even more of this affordable energy, safely and reliably, to benefit the people and economy of New Jersey and neighboring areas.
The merger has additional strategic benefits, including: I Expected cost savings flowing to both customers and
shareholders;
I The sharing of best practices between the companies to
improve operations; and
I Access to a larger pool of talented individuals as well
as greater advancement opportunities for our current workforce.
Concluding the Merger
Anticipation of the merger’s closing has already created substantial shareholder value, as we work our way through the regulatory approvals required before we close.
We have passed a number of important milestones
on the path to completing the merger, including approval by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, shareholder endorsements by overwhelmingly favor- able margins, and approval by the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission.
We expect to complete all regulatory reviews and close the merger in the third quarter of 2006, although the merger could close earlier if a settlement is reached and accepted by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities. Both PSEG and Exelon continue to look forward to a timely completion of the merger.
Our Strong Commitments
Far from ending our company’s fine traditions, the merger will provide a stronger base for continuing them. PSEG and Exelon have many things in common: Not only do we have a common view of the industry, but also similar commitments to customers and communities, to shareholders and employees. Both companies emphasize safe, reliable utility operations. Both have strong records of supporting communities through a wide range of charitable endeavors, as well as promoting economic development and responsible environmental policies.
PSE&G’s vital role in New Jersey will continue, and its expertise in distribution operations will be a core strength of the new combined company going forward.
Corporate citizenship is deeply embedded in our culture, just as it is in Exelon’s. It is backed by the commitment of resources and the active participation of our employ- ees. This will not change with the merger. In fact, as part of a financially stronger company, we will be in an even better position to continue our community support.
Our community involvement in New Jersey deepened
in 2005. Backed by the $5 million commitment of the PSEG Foundation, we are leading a statewide capital campaign for the construction of a pediatric rehabilitation hospital in New Brunswick, New Jersey, to be named the PSE&G Children’s Specialized Hospital. The new facility will be part of a premier health-care campus to help ensure the best medical outcomes for children.
Support for education is a key way that we invest in New Jersey’s future. PSE&G expanded in 2005 the Energy Utility Technology degree program, a successful workforce development and training initiative that we
   PSEG 2005 13

Environmental Responsibility: PSEG is a long- time industry leader in supporting responsible environmental policies, including uniform national emissions standards and many initiatives to conserve and protect natural resources and minimize waste.
14 PSEG 2005
      
sponsor in partnership with a number of New Jersey community colleges. The program has provided an important stream of new and diverse talent for our workforce, and helped young people mostly from urban backgrounds get a good start to a promising career in our industry.
PSEG employees continued their long and proud tradition of volunteering for many worthy causes. Thanks to their efforts, PSEG was for the sixth consecutive year the industry leader in raising funds for the March of Dimes to aid the health of infants and mothers.
Positioned Well for the Future
2005 was an important year of transition and accom- plishment for your company. The year brought closer into view the new combined company, Exelon Electric & Gas, which should soon be a reality. It will be a company with the potential to be the industry’s best.
Even as we continue our work to complete the merger, we recognize the importance of maintaining a viable stand-alone strategy. No merger – even one as com- pelling as ours with Exelon – can be guaranteed to happen until it actually closes.
I am confident that your company is well positioned for the future. As demonstrated in 2005, we have a strong, balanced mix of energy businesses anchored by a solid position in the Northeast – with a top-performing utility and a low-cost generation fleet. We have a proven abili- ty to generate solid earnings and cash flow.
In closing, I would also like to pay tribute to your company’s most important asset: the 10,000 employees of PSEG, many of whom are also shareholders. In the nearly twenty years since becoming chairman and CEO
of your company, I have never ceased to be impressed by the achievements of my associates. Their perform- ance was exceptional in 2005. Not only did they work tirelessly on behalf of customers and shareholders alike to produce quality results, they also dealt remarkably well with the uncertainty that inevitably accompanies a merger. In their regular jobs and in collaboration with their peers at Exelon to prepare the ground for a new company, they were equally outstanding. I want to thank them for their excellent work.
I hope you are pleased with your investment in PSEG. You can be assured that we will continue striving to enhance shareholder value and warrant your trust and confidence.
Sincerely,
E. James Ferland
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
Public Service Enterprise Group March 3, 2006
  PSEG 2005 15
