 Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
In 2011, we continued to build our reputation as a highly reliable, financially strong and environmentally responsible energy company, with the ongoing support of our dedicated workforce. We achieved notable successes in spite of many challenges from extreme weather to difficult energy markets.
of former levels. And we are a leader in showing that utilities can be instrumental in supporting a sustainable future through innovative green energy solutions along with a modernized infrastructure to better serve their customers and communities.
Successful energy companies strive to align their businesses closely with the goals of society. We are proud of our strong relationships with the communities we serve. In 2011, we deepened our partnership with the people of New Jersey through wide-ranging efforts to help the state achieve its economic and energy goals. Our positive impact on New Jersey was felt in communities throughout the state, where in a typical year we do more than $1 billion in business with other companies.
To a large extent, our success is due to a relentless focus on operational excellence, financial strength and disciplined investment. While these fundamentals are familiar, they will continue to be the pillars of our strategy for one simple reason: They work. Though our stock was up only modestly last year, we believe that our attention to ensuring a strong balance sheet, our disciplined investment program and practice of returning cash to shareholders provide a sustainable growth-and-value proposition and will help us weather the industry-wide effects of lower power prices.
Building on a Decade of Reliability Leadership
PSE&G, our New Jersey electric and gas delivery utility, was again recognized for superior reliability in 2011. PSE&G has won awards as the most reliable electric utility in its region for 10 consecutive years.
In 2011, we had two historic storms within two months – Hurricane Irene in late August, and a highly unusual October snowstorm. In each instance, the men and
Our employees performed heroically in responding to two of the most devastating storms in PSEG history, demonstrating again that people remain the foundation of all our success. They exemplify why we
repeatedly say, “We have the energy to make things better.” Our reputation for reliability opened new business opportunities. In December 2011, we were awarded a 10- year contract by the Long Island Power Authority (LIPA) to manage LIPA’s electric transmission and distribution
system, which serves 1.1 million customers.
Our businesses generated strong cash flows and
earnings. We delivered operating earnings at the upper end of our forecast for the year though down from 2010. We added to one of the longest records in corporate America for paying dividends, extending over 105 consecutive years.
We further increased our financial strength. And we continued to invest in areas that offer attractive opportunities for growth yielding favorable risk-adjusted returns.
Our focus on environmental responsibility has positioned us for the future as well. We are seen as an industry leader on the environment not only because we speak out on the issues, but because we have invested in clean generation technologies to reduce emissions of mercury and other pollutants from our coal-fired power plants to a tiny fraction
[ Letter from the Chairman ]

women of Public Service banded together with a common purpose – to help our customers when they needed us most. Following Hurricane Irene, 800,000 electric customers were restored within five days. And after the October snowstorm, which was an even greater challenge because of damage from falling trees, 570,000 electric customers were restored within seven days. Our customers were grateful for what was done on their behalf. Many public officials thanked our employees as well.
In a difficult economic climate, we continued to assist customers who needed help in paying their bills. And we passed through additional savings to our customers from falling fuel prices. PSE&G residential gas customers have saved more than 35 percent in supply costs during the last three years.
Producing Value with our Generation Fleet
We have a strong focus on maximizing the value of our assets. PSEG Power, our large wholesale generation supply business, has increasingly benefited from excellent operations. PSEG Power has a diverse, low-cost portfolio of generation assets located near load centers in attractive markets in the Northeastern U.S.
Our nuclear facilities in southern New Jersey play a critical role in supporting the local, state and regional economy. In 2011, our nuclear plants continued to perform well, operating at a 93 percent capacity factor. Our Hope Creek nuclear unit set a new record for generation output. Both Hope Creek and Salem were approved for 20-year license extensions, positioning these facilities so that they will remain vital resources long into the future.
When the weather heated up to historically high temperatures this summer, our power plants were ready and available to help keep our customers cool and comfortable. We took advantage of the flexibility provided by the diversity of our fleet. The availability of our combined- cycle capacity in an environment of low natural gas prices
helped us to meet demand in the most economic way.
We believe our environmental leadership also provides significant advantages. Our coal fleet is one of the cleanest in the nation, and we are benefiting from significant efficiency improvements in our coal fleet to help us maintain fuel flexibility as well. The bulk of our environmental compliance capital program at PSEG Power has been completed, placing us in a good position to meet anticipated regulatory requirements. Indeed, new clear air rules issued by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency in 2011 are in line with improvements we have already made, and should further enhance our competitive position.
Increasing our Financial Strength
Our financial strength is of extraordinary importance in a challenging business environment. Not only has energy demand been driven lower by a struggling economy; energy prices are lower, due in part to abundant shale gas. This could impact our business in future years.
We are very mindful of these issues and focused on long-term value. By building a strong balance sheet and controlling our expenses, we have fortified ourselves for various market conditions. We have one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry as well as credit ratings in a desirable range. We are determined to stay in solid financial shape.
We have continued our focus on careful cost management, and as in past years, we benefited from strong labor-management relations. In 2011, PSE&G successfully negotiated a new contract with customer operations employees that preserves jobs while helping us become more efficient.
Also, we further reduced risk by selling non-core assets. In 2011, we completed the sale of our Texas generating stations. On another front, we sold our Denver commercial real estate holding. And we resolved the Dynegy lease litigation in a way that minimizes risk.

Financial strength enhances our ability to sustain superb operations, deploy capital effectively and seize good opportunities as they arise. We expect to meet our capital requirements without needing to issue additional equity, while providing total shareholder returns through a combination of our dividend and execution of our long- term growth strategy.
Upgrading Infrastructure to Ensure Reliability
We are using our financial strength to good advantage. In a highly disciplined manner, we are pursuing $5 billion in growth investments over three years. While investing in good opportunities across our business, we have made especially impressive strides at our regulated utility, PSE&G. Our capital expenditure plan includes over $6.8 billion in spending over the next three years, three-quarters of which is at PSE&G and a little more than half of which is in the transmission area.
We are moving ahead with major transmission projects that will help maintain and improve reliability for our customers, create jobs and bolster New Jersey’s economy. Among these is the Susquehanna to Roseland (S-R) line, which pending necessary approvals, we are building in conjunction with PPL Energy. In 2011, the S-R line was placed on a list of projects for oversight from a new federal Rapid Response Team, with the aim of coordinating and expediting the federal permitting process.
Also during the year, we received approval to expand our investments in gas and electric infrastructure improvements on an accelerated basis, by about $273 million through 2012, to further stimulate New Jersey’s economy and create jobs. Since 2009, our accelerated infrastructure investments have created more than 1,300 jobs while strengthening our electric and gas distribution systems. Whenever possible, we use local suppliers and contractors for these projects in addition to our own skilled workforce.
Expanding Access to Green Energy
PSE&G’s role begins with but does not end with delivering gas and electricity safely and reliably to our customers. We have shown that utilities can be important allies of society in addressing a range of pressing needs – for economic growth, good jobs, a healthy environment and thriving communities. We are in the forefront of efforts nationally to deploy low-cost utility capital to expand access to energy efficiency and renewable solar power – areas in which our combined investments total more than $1 billion.
Energy efficiency helps customers save energy and money. In 2011, we received regulatory approval to invest an additional $95 million to expand our energy-efficiency initiatives. This builds on $212 million in previously approved investments to bring energy efficiency measures to customers who otherwise might not have been able to afford them. A major thrust of this effort includes a highly successful program for hospitals – the only initiative of its type in the nation where the utility bears the up-front capital costs.
Also, in New Jersey, we are investing more than $700 million in solar projects. Our utility is playing a major role in growing a new green industry: New Jersey now has more solar installations than any other state except California. By the time our existing solar programs are completed, we expect they will have created over 1,000 jobs.
In 2011, these efforts gained further momentum. By the end of the year, PSE&G had placed 19 solar projects in service, and installed about 120,000 pole-attached solar units. We are looking to do even more, with a focus on large solar projects on landfills and former industrial sites that can be brought back to life, making a difference for communities.
We are active in solar energy projects beyond our New Jersey service territory. Our PSEG Solar Source subsidiary has developed facilities in three states and recently added a facility in Arizona to its portfolio.
.

Investing in New, Clean and Efficient Generation
The energy markets in our region are working to provide clean, efficient generation and other innovative energy solutions, including conservation. We will continue to support solutions that promote investment and economic growth, while keeping costs as low as possible for customers.
A little more than a year ago, we completed the installation of $1.3 billion in advanced emissions controls at our Mercer and Hudson coal-fueled stations. These projects created 1,600 construction jobs and enabled us to add full-time positions. The plants are now two of the cleanest coal-fueled power plants in America.
We are building a total of 400 megawatts of new peaking generation in New Jersey and Connecticut. We expect these new units to be available this June.
Improvements have enabled us to expand the capacity of our existing nuclear units, and these efforts continue. Meanwhile, new nuclear remains an important option over the long term. We are seeking an early site permit for an additional nuclear unit at our existing nuclear site in southern New Jersey to keep this option open.
Contributing to a Brighter Future
Our commitment to New Jersey, and to all the communities we serve, remains as strong as ever. PSEG’s impact is especially large in New Jersey. It includes $1 billion in wages paid annually, $1 billion spent with New Jersey businesses, $158 million paid to New Jersey retirees and survivors, and $375 million paid in local and state taxes. Approximately $100 million of the almost $700 million we pay annually in dividends goes to shareholders in New Jersey. Our energy contributes to the quality of life everywhere we operate.
PSEG has gained increasing recognition as a leader in promoting a sustainable future. In 2011, PSEG was included for the second time in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index and was one of only two U.S. utilities so selected. In addition, PSEG was named for the fourth time to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America.
We believe the future can be even brighter for an operationally excellent, integrated generation, transmission and distribution business such as PSEG. We continue to benefit from a solid business mix, including a large merchant energy business anchored by a well-run, low-cost generation fleet, and a regulated utility that wins reliability awards year after year. Our environmental profile continues to set us apart from many others in the industry.
Above all, we have a terrific workforce. I wish to thank our employees for all their fine work in 2011. With their continued support, I am confident that the best is yet to come for a leading company and its people in providing safe, reliable, economic and green energy.
In closing, I would like to thank our shareholders for their continued loyalty and support. We will continue working hard each day to justify your trust and confidence.
Sincerely,
Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Public Service Enterprise Group
February 28, 2012
 