 Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer Ralph Izzo
chairman’s letter
Our focus on operational excellence in 2008 enabled PSEG to remain financially strong during the most difficult economic conditions in decades. With heightened efforts by our employees at cost reduc- tion, we fully expect to emerge successfully as the economy improves.
We have built a foundation for continued success with a disciplined approach to investment in several traditional service offerings and in new areas related to climate change. In doing so, we are advancing our vision of PSEG as a recognized leader, known for its people providing safe, reliable, economic and green energy.
Few if any companies entirely escaped the effects of the economic downturn. Our stock followed the rest of the market and dropped 40 percent from a year earlier. But unlike some companies, we remained financially sound and, indeed, improved our balance sheet during 2008.
We reduced debt through the sale of our last major international assets. Except for a few small residual investments, we have exited our international position and, in the process, lowered risk.
We delivered operating earnings of $2.92 per share – a record for us and right in the middle of the guidance we had issued.
Also on the positive side, we added to one of the longest records of

              paying dividends among U.S. public companies. PSEG or its predecessor companies have paid dividends for 102 consecutive years.
We increased our dividend by 10 percent early in 2008, and were able to increase it by another 3.1 percent in February 2009. The latest increase marks the sixth consecutive year that PSEG has increased its common stock dividend.
We are determined to remain a leader in our industry through our commitment to operational excellence, financial strength and disciplined investment.
Operational Excellence
Operational excellence is basic to our business. In 2008, through the consider- able talents of our employees, we set new records in several areas.
PSE&G, our New Jersey energy delivery company, won recognition as America’s most reliable electric utility for the third time in four years, and earned similar recognition for regional reliability leader- ship for the seventh consecutive year. Gas operations continued to excel with efforts such as responding to 99.9 per- cent of gas leak calls within one hour.
Safety goes hand in glove with reliability. In 2008, PSE&G received the Governor’s Continued Excellence Award for out- standing safety achievement in the state of New Jersey.
In 2008 as in past years, our employees excelled in being there for our customers in all types of weather and conditions. Many New Jersey communities were struck by devastating storms in June. Our employees restored hundreds of thousands of customers safely and quickly. They responded with the same dedication in other restoration efforts, not only in New Jersey but in places from Texas to Massachusetts.
PSEG Power, our large wholesale energy supply business, set new records for elec- tric generation output and profitability.
In 2008, our nuclear units had a number of accomplishments. In May, Salem unit 2 completed the second shortest steam generator replacement outage in the history of the nuclear power industry, and in the process, established a new standard for radiological safety. In addition, Hope Creek station completed an extended power uprate that provided an additional 150 megawatts of electric- generating capacity. Lastly, when the weather warmed up, our nuclear fleet produced more carbon-free energy than ever before to keep millions of people cool and comfortable.
Our fossil fleet contributed as well. Our combined-cycle units increased year- over-year output significantly. We moved ahead with environmental upgrades of our coal fleet as a key part of our invest- ment to improve their performance. We
are seeing additional improvements by applying an operational excellence model to our fossil units.
Our Texas generating facilities are a notable contributor to our success. They achieved another year of safe, reliable operation.
To sustain operational excellence requires a strong focus on finding ways to do the job better. In part, we use a tool called the balanced scorecard to define successful operations with a degree of detail that has earned national recognition and helped to improve per- formance. We will continue striving for new levels of excellence, as one would expect from a leader in providing safe, reliable, economic and green energy.
Financial Strength
Our financial strength is serving us well during a time of unprecedented turbulence in capital markets. Far from being new, financial strength long has been a core component of our strategy – and we will continue emphasizing it.
The sale of international assets improved our liquidity and strengthened our bal- ance sheet. Our improved risk profile and successful debt-reduction efforts enabled us to achieve our credit rating targets in 2008.
Our business has continued to produce solid cash flows. We completed the
“We are determined to maintain a strong company through our com- mitment to operational excellence, financial str”ength and disciplined investment
  
              year with approximately $3.5 billion in available liquidity and very modest financing requirements.
Financial strength is about many things at PSEG, from rigorous controls to sound governance practices and an emphasis on risk management. It is fundamental to our efforts to provide acceptable returns for our shareholders — in keeping with our century-long reputation for rock-solid integrity and focus on reliable, long-term performance.
Of course, financial strength has taken on greater importance in an extremely challenging economy. We moved aggressively to address economic pres- sures. We reduced our capital spending plans for 2009 by roughly $300 million well before the year had begun. We took steps to ensure our nuclear decommis- sioning trust fund and pension fund stay safe and sound. In the same vein, we are managing the business to take into account financial risk, including the potential tax liability associated with our lease portfolio.
We are working hard to ferret out cost savings without compromising safety or reliability. Employees across the com- pany are engaged in this effort, resulting in a stream of new ideas, including how to produce this report.
While taking great care with every dollar ourselves, we worked hard to provide
assistance to our customers at a time of financial distress. In New Jersey, we have long partnered in programs that can help eligible customers pay their utility bills. In 2008, we deepened our involvement in such programs and expanded educational efforts to help our customers save energy.
It will take time to overcome the wide- ranging impact of the economic downturn. Nevertheless, I hope our shareholders will take heart from our strong fundamentals and the proactive way we responded to the crisis. We are determined to remain financially solid.
Disciplined Investment
As to the future, we are well positioned to address three major energy challenges, each providing significant opportunities: The first is climate change; the second is the need to replace aging energy infra- structure; and the third is the need for additional energy supply.
Investing to Help Society Combat Climate Change
Climate change is the pre-eminent envi- ronmental issue that will define our industry in the future. We are pursuing solutions along three main lines: conservation through energy-efficiency improvements; the development of renewables such as solar, wind and biomass energy; and clean central station power plants using proven nuclear or other environmentally sound technologies.
A major focus of ours is to help New Jersey reach the aggressive goals of the state’s energy master plan. The plan delineates a leading role for utilities in energy efficiency and expands opportu- nities for both our regulated and competitive businesses to grow in the renewable energy area.
We are pursuing energy-efficiency invest- ments that can help customers lower their bills, reduce carbon emissions and stimulate the economy. In December 2008, we received regulatory approval for a $46 million pilot program of house- hold energy audits, and energy-saving measures for homes, businesses and hospitals. This program has a strong urban emphasis, reflecting the key role that utilities can play in providing universal access to green energy and green jobs. In January 2009, as part of our efforts to provide an additional economic stimulus, we proposed a new $190 million invest- ment to improve customer access to the benefits of conservation.
In the renewables area, PSE&G became in 2008 the first utility to offer a loan pro- gram to spur the development of solar energy in New Jersey. This $105 million program provides financing to expedite 30 megawatts of solar energy over two years. In February 2009, PSE&G pro- posed a new $773 million program to bring the benefits of solar power directly to all of our utility customers. This initia- tive for 120 megawatts of solar capacity
“Employees across the company are engaged in this effort, resulting in a stream of new ideas, including how to produce this”report. We will remain cost vigilant
  
              would include the largest pole-mounted solar project in the United States.
Also, we are actively pursuing opportuni- ties to develop wind energy resources. We are a joint venture partner in Garden State Offshore Energy, which was chosen as one of three companies to receive a $4 million grant from the state of New Jersey to study wind and environmental characteristics off New Jersey’s shore. This is the first step in a proposal to develop a 350-megawatt offshore wind farm.
Energy storage technologies could become important to renewable resources like the wind, which by their nature are variable. In 2008, we entered into a joint venture, Energy Storage and Power, to license and develop the next generation of compressed air energy storage technology (CAES).
Investing to Upgrade Our Energy Delivery Network and Service Along with efforts for green energy, we continue our longstanding focus on reli- ability. We have a mature service territory with substantial capital improvement requirements.
The PJM Interconnection, which operates the electricity grid in 13 states and the District of Columbia, has mandated the addition of a new 500,000-volt power line, called the Susquehanna-Roseland line, to run from Berwick, Pennsylvania to the
Roseland area of New Jersey. In January 2009, PSE&G submitted an application to the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities to build the New Jersey portion of the line, along a route carefully chosen to minimize impact on people and the environment. We are working hard to keep the public informed as we proceed.
In January 2009, we announced plans for an additional $698 million in infra- structure projects, including street light upgrades and the replacement of older equipment with advanced components to help improve network reliability and reduce costly outages. These invest- ments not only will support better service quality but promote job creation and economic recovery.
We are also investing to improve cus- tomer service. The centerpiece of this effort is a new customer information system with a range of advanced data and communications capabilities. It will give our customers greater flexibility to manage their accounts and provide our employees with more timely information to better serve them.
Investing to Address Evolving Energy Supply Needs
Our infrastructure requirements also per- tain to power generation. We are investing more than $1 billion in our coal units, installing advanced emissions control equipment to make them among the cleanest facilities of their type. This effort
should produce additional benefits, including greater flexibility in sourcing fuel and improved reliability.
Our nuclear assets are well-situated in a carbon-constrained world and will remain critical to meeting future demands for energy. We are exploring the possibility of new nuclear units at the site of our nuclear facilities in southern New Jersey. While in an early stage of evaluating this option, we are determined not to lose sight of it. Nuclear is simply too important as a proven source of clean energy to do otherwise.
We continually explore opportunities for new energy supply. In 2008, we were awarded a contract by the state of Connecticut for 130 megawatts of new peaking capacity from our New Haven Harbor generating station. The new peak- ing units are scheduled to be built in the second half of 2011 and go into service in June 2012.
Strategic Outlook
Our assets are well-positioned in a business climate that will continue to be influenced by environmental, aging infra- structure and energy capacity needs. We have well-run operations in competitive wholesale energy markets and a stable regulated utility known for its reliability and strong customer relationships. This balance enhances our ability to provide our shareholders with an attractive com- bination of growth and income.
  
              We will continue working hard to get more out of our assets as well as explore growth opportunities. If we cannot find attractive ways to deploy capital for growth, we will return it to shareholders in the form of share repurchases or dividend increases, but not at the risk of jeopardizing our liquidity or balance sheet.
We strongly believe our focus on opera- tional excellence, financial strength and disciplined investment is the right foundation for a bright future.
The election of President Obama in November 2008 opened new prospects for policies to stimulate investment in infrastructure and green energy. We are vocal advocates for a national renewable portfolio standard and other constructive policies that can help America develop the world’s leading clean energy industry. In the long run, growth will be aided by collaborative efforts with government, labor and other key partners supporting investment to advance a common goal of a strong, sustainable economy.
Workforce Development
Preparing the future workforce is impor- tant to sustainability. We have increased our efforts to expand the pool of skilled workers to do the energy jobs that lie ahead — in green or traditional areas.
We have innovative partnerships with several New Jersey colleges, including five community colleges where students
can earn their degree in Energy Utility Technology. This program is providing an important pipeline of new, diverse talent for our workforce, as we have hired more than 70 of its graduates. We have added a course on alternative energy to the cur- riculum, and established a Green Energy Academy with the technical and vocational school system of Essex County in northern New Jersey.
PSEG was recently named by Business Week magazine as one of the “Best Places to Launch a Career” because of this focus on workforce development. We have a similar emphasis on provid- ing outstanding career opportunities for our employees.
Our Vision
We believe there is tremendous value in the PSEG vision of a company and its people as recognized leaders in providing safe, reliable, economic and green energy. The vision defines us as an organization strongly committed to our customers, employees, the communities we serve and not least, our shareholders. It speaks to our proud 105-year history, precious reputation and role in improving the quality of life. At the same time, the vision points the way forward to achieve a position of lasting, recognized leadership.
Recognition is growing of our efforts in green as well as traditional energy disciplines. In 2008, PSEG was added to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index,
which evaluates performance to help individuals understand how responsible a company is to society and the environment. PSEG was also named to the Carbon Disclosure Leadership Index, which rec- ognizes companies with leading approaches to climate change disclosure and governance practices.
Behind such recognition is the ongoing commitment of our employees to opera- tional excellence, and I would like to thank them for all their hard work. We are fortunate to have employees who excel not only on the job but in serving as volunteers for many worthy causes. Once again, their efforts made us the number-one utility in the nation in raising funds for the March of Dimes.
In closing, I wish to thank our shareholders for their continued trust and support. We will continue striving to justify your confidence.
Sincerely,
Ralph Izzo
Chairman, President and
Chief Executive Officer
Public Service Enterprise Group
March 2, 2009
   