2/3
DEAR SHAREHOLDER / THE MOST MOMENTOUS EVENT
OF 2004 FOR PSEG WAS THE MERGER AGREEMENT WITH EXELON CORPORATION. THIS STRATEGIC STEP SPECIFICALLY ADDRESSES KEY CHALLENGES FACING OUR COMPANY, AND PROVIDES A SOLID BASE ON WHICH TO BUILD THE NATION’S PREMIER UTILITY AND POWER GENERATION BUSINESS.
We also entered into a nuclear operating services contract with Exelon as a key but separate part of our collaboration. Under the contract, which went into effect on January 17, 2005, Exelon began providing management services for plant operations at our Salem and Hope Creek generating stations. Exelon is a leader in nuclear energy operations. We expect that the application of Exelon’s proven management model to the Salem and Hope Creek stations will produce quality results at these facilities.
Our company is fortunate to have a large base of low-cost nuclear generating capacity, especially in the current environment of high natural gas prices. As the Salem and Hope Creek plants improve toward Exelon’s standard of excellence, with resulting higher capacity factors, they will make a meaningfully greater contribution to earnings. This will also help ensure that the
people of New Jersey and neighboring regions will continue to benefit by the abundant source of safe, clean, low-cost energy provided by nuclear power.
Just as the nuclear operating services contract will help us achieve critical operational goals, the merger agreement with Exelon will advance our broad strategic interests. It will enhance our ability to deliver on our longstanding commitments to customers, communities, investors and employees. We will be combining with a company that shares the same commitments to the highest standards of corporate responsibility, integrity and performance.
The merger offers a range of compelling advantages. Exelon Electric & Gas—the combined company resulting from the merger—should have a large, balanced portfolio in the nation’s

 E. JAMES FERLAND (LEFT) AND JOHN
W. ROWE, THE LEADERS OF PSEG AND EXELON RESPECTIVELY, AT THE PRESS CONFERENCE ANNOUNCING THE HISTORIC MERGER AGREEMENT OF THE TWO COMPANIES ON DECEMBER 20, 2004.
THE COMBINATION OF PSEG AND EXELON SHOULD PRODUCE BENEFITS EXCEEDING WHAT EITHER COMPANY COULD ACCOMPLISH ON A STAND-ALONE BASIS. IT PROVIDES THE SCALE AND BALANCE TO COMPETE MORE EFFECTIVELY IN TODAY’S VOLATILE AND UNCERTAIN ENERGY MARKETS.
most robust wholesale energy market, extending from the Mississippi to the Atlantic. Exelon Electric & Gas will bring together a range of strengths, such as Exelon’s in nuclear generation and PSEG’s in transmission and distribution operations as well as energy auctions.
This combination should produce benefits exceeding what either company could accomplish on a stand-alone basis.
It provides the scale and balance to compete more effectively in today’s volatile and uncertain energy markets. Change is
a fact of life in these markets and in the wider policy environ- ment. The merger with Exelon will enable us to spread risk and expand opportunities across a larger multi-state region. It will improve prospects for consistent profitability and growth, with lower risk.
The merger has a complementary focus on safe, reliable, low- cost utility service, in keeping with our strong and continuing commitment to customers and communities. It will enable
us to deploy a greater range of human talent and resources to improve further the quality and efficiency of customer service. Moreover, PSE&G will continue to build on its 101-year reputa- tion for service excellence and community support. PSE&G’s headquarters will remain in Newark, as will the headquarters of the combined company’s generation business.

4/5
Substantial synergies should result from the merger. Excluding the one-time costs to achieve these benefits, the merged company expects to realize synergies of approximately $400 million pre-tax in the first full year after closing, growing to $500 million by the second year. Approximately 70 percent of the synergies will come from unregulated businesses and 30 percent from the regulated utilities. Savings are expected from a variety of sources, including operational efficiencies, improved supply-chain sourcing and workforce reductions of approximately 5 percent of a consoli- dated workforce of 28,000 employees. We will seek to minimize the impact on employees through attrition and retirements, and many will find new opportunities as part of a larger company.
The merger also addresses the key issue of leadership succession at PSEG. The new and larger organization envisaged under our merger agreement will have as its CEO John Rowe, Exelon’s chairman, president and CEO, one of the most experienced and successful executives in our industry. John understands how to accomplish the vision we share of the ideal business model for the utility industry. It will be my privilege to work together with John and the associates of both organizations to realize this vision, and thereafter to serve in a non-executive capacity as chairman of the board until my planned retirement in March 2007.
Finally, the merger provides a stronger foundation for continuing to reward shareholders with attractive long-term total returns through a combination of dividends and earnings growth.
Our management philosophy has always been guided by a long- term approach to creating shareholder value. Over the past five years PSEG delivered a total shareholder return of over 93 percent, outperforming the major utility industry averages and considerably outpacing the return of the S&P 500.
Dividends have long been a key way that PSEG delivers share- holder value: PSEG has paid annual dividends for 97 consecutive years. In 2004, we increased our dividend modestly, from $2.16 to $2.20 per share. Our Board of Directors recently approved
a further one-cent increase in the quarterly dividend, raising the annual indicated dividend rate to $2.24 per share. Looking ahead, the merger agreement provides that our shareholders will be kept whole with respect to the dividend payout.
Employees across the PSEG family of companies deserve recog- nition for a milestone accomplishment in 2004: They enjoyed their safest year in the 101-year history of our firm. Their per- formance builds on nearly a decade of impressive safety results. Exelon is also committed to safe work practices, and we will continue to drive for a safer work environment for the benefit of our employees.
Turning to business results, 2004 was particularly challenging for PSEG Power, our wholesale domestic energy business. Competition intensified. Markets were especially soft for
new gas-fired generation, including our two Midwest plants.

Fuel and energy prices moved sharply higher, but for the most part after PSEG Power had entered into new supply contracts early in the year. However, PSEG Power should benefit from this upward price movement over the long term, as its current contracts roll off.
While energy markets were difficult in 2004, PSEG Power also faced serious operational challenges during the year. There were extended outages at several of its generating stations, including our critically important Salem and Hope Creek nuclear units. We used the outages to make necessary improvements in plant operations, with an unrelenting focus on safety as the bedrock of a long-term improvement effort. The outages led to higher power-replacement costs and were coupled with greater operational and maintenance expenses.
Largely as a result of PSEG Power’s performance shortfalls, our 2004 earnings from continuing operations of $3.03 per share were substantially below 2003 earnings of $3.72 per share.
On the positive side in 2004, our company continued to derive strength and stability from PSE&G, our large New Jersey utility. PSE&G continued to excel in providing safe and reliable service at costs that are among the lowest for any utility in its region. In 2004 for the third consecutive year, PSE&G won the Reliability One award for top electric-system reliability among Mid-Atlantic utilities.
IN 2004 FOR THE THIRD CONSECUTIVE YEAR, PSE&G WON THE ReliabilityOneTM AWARD FOR TOP RELIABILITY AMONG MID-ATLANTIC UTILITIES.
 ReliabilityOneTM AWARDS
ReliabilityOneTM Awards honor the utilities with the most reliable electric systems in North America. Winners are chosen using a rigorous, quantitatively driven process to identify the very best performers in each region of North America. Each award recipient undergoes both
a quantitative analysis of their performance, based
on electric industry standard reliability indices, and a qualitative review of their reliability systems, processes and procedures.

6/7
PSE&G benefited from the $159.5 million electric distribution rate case that became effective in August 2003, reflecting our substantial investments in New Jersey’s utility infrastructure. Even with the new rates, there has been an extraordinary degree of rate stability over many years for residential customers.
PSEG Energy Holdings, our business with a mix of international and domestic energy operations and investments, produced strong cash flow and earnings from existing operations and investments as well as selective asset sales. Its 2004 results were consistent with our strategy of focusing this business on profitability, cash generation and risk reduction. Overall, this business realized over $300 million from asset sales in 2004.
PSEG Global—the operational arm of PSEG Energy Holdings— sold several overseas facilities, including its entire equity interest in several power plants in China and a power plant in Tunisia, and sold part of its interest in a distribution company in Peru. PSEG Global also rounded out its ownership of two 1,000- megawatt generating plants in Texas by acquiring at minimal cost the 50 percent interest of its partner in these facilities.
PSEG Resources—the passive investment arm of PSEG Energy Holdings—continued to produce solid earnings and cash flow, as it has since its establishment in 1985. The overall credit quality of its investments was further enhanced by the early termination of its lease on the Collins facility in Illinois.
A key area of accomplishment in 2004 involved our continued steps to maintain a solid financial position. We further strengthened our balance sheet. Our liquidity has remained strong. We increased the capacity and duration of our credit facilities while only tapping them to a limited extent. And we have only a limited number of debt maturities on the horizon.
2005 will be a critical transition year in which we will be working intensively with Exelon to prepare for a successful merger. The Boards of Directors of PSEG and Exelon unani- mously approved the merger agreement, and recommended that shareholders from both companies approve it. From time to time, you will be receiving more information about the merger. We expect that the shareholder meeting to vote
on the transaction will occur in the second quarter of 2005. We hope to complete the transaction by the first quarter
of 2006, after required regulatory approvals are obtained.
As committed as we are to combining with Exelon, we recognize that a merger agreement in our industry is subject to many layers of approval. We are very aware that we must keep ourselves positioned with a viable stand-alone strategy.

OVER THE PAST FIVE YEARS PSEG DELIVERED
A TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN OF OVER
93 PERCENT, OUTPERFORMING THE MAJOR UTILITY INDUSTRY AVERAGES AND CONSIDERABLY OUTPACING THE RETURN OF THE S&P 500.
Turning to key objectives for the PSEG family of companies in 2005:
PSEG Power’s number-one goal is to attain consistently excellent plant operations, with safety first, as the key to capturing opportunities in the marketplace. Our nuclear services operat- ing contract with Exelon should materially assist us in reaching this objective. Another important goal for PSEG Power will be to continue using successful marketing strategies—in New Jersey and other markets—to lock in prices for most
of its anticipated output.
PSE&G’s main objective in 2005 will be to continue doing what it does so well: The essence of its business is to provide safe, reliable service for its customers at reasonable costs. PSE&G’s fundamental mission remains unchanged in serving customers and communities across New Jersey.
PSEG Energy Holdings’ goal in 2005 will be to continue its focus on increasing the efficiency and returns of its existing assets and seeking to opportunistically monetize investments that may no longer be a strategic fit.
We also will continue to focus on reducing debt, maintaining and enhancing credit quality, and preserving substantial liquidity. Risk management will remain a key goal across our businesses.
 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE COMPARATIVE RETURNS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004
$200
$150
$100
$ 50
$0
PSEG
S&P Electrics
Dow Jones Utilities
S&P 500
      1999 2000
2001 2002
2003 2004
    PSEG’s total return for the last five years has outpaced three major market indices. This chart shows the value on December 31 of each year of $100 invested on December 31, 1999. The value assumes reinvested dividends.

8 / 9
2005 WILL BE A CRITICAL YEAR IN WHICH WE WILL BE WORKING INTENSIVELY WITH EXELON TO PREPARE FOR A SUCCESSFUL MERGER.
In 2005, we expect our earnings per share to improve to the range of $3.15 to $3.35 per share. And we believe the longer-term picture offers brighter growth prospects. Macroeconomic developments strongly point toward the continuation of a higher energy-pricing environment than that prevailing a few years ago. While relatively few of PSEG Power’s long-term supply contracts will expire in 2005, a much larger percentage will roll off in 2006 and subsequent years, providing a correspondingly larger profit opportunity.
As we move toward creating the premier utility of the future, I want to emphasize that our work carries forward the proud traditions of PSEG.
PSEG has built its reputation over the years by keeping its commitments—to customers, employees, communities and the environment as well as the investors who put their trust in us. These commitments continue to guide our organization and employees.
In 2004, our company undertook significant new philanthropic initiatives. Most notably, the PSEG Foundation committed
$5 million—the largest single gift in our company’s history— to help build a new world-class Children’s Specialized Hospital in New Jersey.
 PSEG ANNUAL DIVIDENDS PER SHARE
   $2.16
$2.20
ACTUAL 2003 ACTUAL 2004 INDICATED 2005
A REMINDER FOR OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
Common and preferred utility dividends are now generally taxable at reduced rates—no higher than 15 percent—following the passage of federal tax legislation in 2003. You may wish to consult a tax advisor for further information about the tax treatment afforded to dividends.
$2.24

Once again in 2004, our employees demonstrated the meaning of commitment—both in their dedication on the job and through their many volunteer activities. They were outstanding in caring for people in need—both in New Jersey and elsewhere. When Florida suffered four destructive storms in September 2004, PSE&G employee volunteer crews did extraordinary work in the largest mutual-aid power restoration effort in our company’s history.
The following pages in this report provide examples of our employees putting their talents and skills to work on behalf of countless people, and PSEG’s continuing focus on the essentials of success in our industry. You can be assured
of our unrelenting commitment to excellence, as we continue striving to serve you.
SINCERELY,
E. JAMES FERLAND
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD,
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PUBLIC SERVICE ENTERPRISE GROUP FEBRUARY 18, 2005
  