      INDRA K. NOOYI
PepsiCo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                        Dear Fellow Shareholders,
Last year I described the dual goals we have unwaveringly pursued since we began our transformation back in 2007: continue to deliver the strong, consistent financial results our shareholders expect year after year, while at the same time investing in and transforming the company to ensure it is built for long-term, sustainable growth. In short, perform while we transform.
Looking back, 2012 was an important year in PepsiCo’s transformation journey. We took the necessary actions to strengthen our company. We made significant invest- ments behind our largest global brands. And we changed our operating model — moving from a loose federation of countries and regions to a more efficient and effective model that leverages PepsiCo’s talent, capabilities and resources globally.
In 2013, we continued to reinforce these actions and
began to realize the benefits. Despite a very challenging
operating environment that included economic instability
and uncertainty in many of our key markets around the
world, we delivered on, or exceeded, each and every one 1 of the financial goals we announced to shareholders at the
beginning of the year.
Our performance in 2013 was strong:
• Our organic revenue grew 4%.
• Core constant currency earnings per share (EPS) grew 9%.
• Core gross margins improved by 90 basis points and core
operating margins improved by 40 basis points, even
while we increased investments in the company.
• We captured more than $900 million of productivity,
exceeding our target and keeping us on track to deliver our three-year $3 billion productivity target for 2012– 2014. This success gave us the confidence to extend our goal of $1 billion in annual productivity savings for five years beyond the existing goal (2015–2019).
• Core net return on invested capital (ROIC) improved 110 basis points, 60 points ahead of our target.
• Free cash flow excluding certain items was strong at $8.2 billion.
• PepsiCo increased its annual dividend for the 41st consecutive year in 2013 and returned $6.4 billion to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends.
Organic, core and constant currency results, as well as free cash flow excluding certain items, are non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to “Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Information” beginning on
page 141 of this Annual Report for more information about these results, including a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with GAAP.
    2013 ANNUAL REPORT
 
  4%
Organic revenue was up 4% in 2013
9%
Core constant currency EPS grew 9%
$900MM We delivered $900+ million in savings
in the second year of our current productivity program and remain on track to deliver $3 billion by 2015
110BPS Core net ROIC improved
110 bps in 2013 compared to 2012
$8.2B Free cash flow, excluding certain items, reached $8.2 billion
$6.4B We returned $6.4 billion
to shareholders in 2013 through share repurchases and dividends
2
Equally important were the investments and capacity-building initiatives we undertook over the past five years to position our- selves for superior value creation over the long term:
1. We invested to enhance the equity of our 22 billion dollar brands, which together account for more than 70% of our total revenue. Advertising and marketing (A&M) increased and now stands at 5.9% of net revenue — up from 5.2% in 2011. More importantly, this investment led to significant brand equity improvement. For example, brand equity scores for our global beverage and snack brands held or gained in 90% of our strate- gic markets, and six of our global brands saw brand equity
hold or gain in 100% of their strategic markets. Our brand-building efforts are paying off. PepsiCo has nine of the 40 largest packaged goods trademarks in the U.S. according to IRI, and, according
to Euromonitor International, nine of the top 50 packaged food and soft drink brands measured at Global Brand Name in Russia, seven of the top 50 in Mexico, and six of the top 50 in the U.K.
2. We fine-tuned and ramped up our innovation machine, increasing our rate of success of new innovations to make
this one of PepsiCo’s best years ever for innovation. In fact, in 2013, PepsiCo had nine of the top 50 new food and beverage product introductions across all measured U.S. retail channels.* Additionally, six new products are on track to achieve at least $100 million each in estimated annual retail sales in the U.S.: Mountain Dew Kickstart, Tostitos Cantina tortilla chips, Starbucks Iced Coffee, Lipton Pure Leaf Tea, Muller Quaker Yogurt and Gatorade Frost Glacier Cherry. We also opened a state-of-the- art food and beverage innovation center in Shanghai, China
to fuel new product, packaging and equipment innovation for our businesses throughout Asia. Innovation as a percentage
of net revenue grew to 9% in 2013, and as a whole our R&D investments have increased more than 25% since 2011.
3. Our developing and emerging markets, a major investment area, continued to perform well despite significant volatility in key regions. As a group, our developing and emerging markets posted 10% organic revenue growth, with particularly strong performance in China, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Mexico, Brazil and Turkey. Our convenient, on-trend and affordable products, coupled with a long runway for growth in developing and emerging markets, give us confidence that they can sustain solid growth over the long term.
4. Building from our positions of strength with four of the most important nutrition platforms and brands — Quaker (grains), Tropicana (fruits and vegetables), Gatorade (sports nutrition for athletes) and Naked Juice (super-premium juices and protein smoothies) — we continued to expand our portfolio of nutritious
PEPSICO
*Source: IRI MULOC; based on estimated launch-year sales for innovations launched through June 2013.

        A A fi fi n n e e - -t t u u n n e e d d i i n n n n o o v v a a t t i i o o n n m m a a c c h h i i n n e e
S i x n e w p r o d u c t s a r e o n t r a c k t o a c h i e v e a t l e a s t
$100 million each in estimated annual retail sales in the U.S.: Starbucks Iced Coffffee, Mountain Dew Kickstart, Tostitos Cantina tortilla chips, Gatorade Frost Glacier Cherry, Lipton Pure Leaf Tea and Muller Quaker Yogurt.
       3
3
   products across multiple markets and unlock growth opportunities in new product categories, such as dairy, hummus and other fresh dips, and baked grain snacks. Over the last decade our nutrition business revenue has grown substantially and, in 2013, represented approxi- mately 20% of PepsiCo’s net revenue.
In 2013, we also remained focused on improving the nutri- tional profile of many of our social snacks and beverages.
In snacks, we continued our efforts to reduce saturated fat levels and sodium content in certain key brands while dial- ing up our baked offerings and whole grains. In beverages, we added new low- and zero-calorie choices and continued to work to reduce added sugar in certain key brands. We also continued to accelerate our research and technology investments in the development of sweetener innovation.
5. Our global go-to-market capability is one of PepsiCo’s most important strategic advantages, and, in 2013, we further reinforced this key differentiator in very tangible ways. We increased our number of routes in key markets and
greatly improved our in-store presence for our snack and beverage portfolio. We also empowered our sales teams globally with mobile technology to help them enhance their merchandising capabilities and drive increased sales.
6. We redoubled our efforts on talent development and improved the quality of the training we offer employees by, among other actions, investing in a new foundational leadership training program and completely revamping PepsiCo University.
“PepsiCo has knocked it out of the park with new product innovation this year. Across both snacks and beverages, they’re consistently bringing great new products to the shelf.”
JOE DEPINTO
President and Chief Executive Officer, 7-Eleven
                 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

  Cumulative Total Shareholder Return
Return on PepsiCo stock investment (including dividends) and the S&P 500®.
The return for PepsiCo and the S&P 500® indices are calculated through December 31, 2013.
PepsiCo, Inc.
   S&P 500®
  250
200
150
100
         50
2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013
12/00 12/01 12/02 12/03 12/04 12/05 12/06 12/07 12/08 12/09 12/10 12/11 12/12 12/13
PepsiCo, Inc. $100 $99 $87 $98 $111 $128 $139 $172 $127 $146 $161 $169 $180 $224 S&P 500® $100 $88 $69 $88 $98 $103 $119 $126 $79 $100 $115 $118 $136 $180
                                                                                                                                           4
PepsiCo associates are highly engaged globally as reflected in our 2013 Organizational Health Survey. An impressive 89% of our professional and executive populations responded they are proud to work for PepsiCo, which is well above a respected cross-industry benchmark. We have seen sus- tained improvement in both employee commitment and satisfaction results over the past decade — a testament to our continued focus on making PepsiCo a great place to work.
PepsiCo’s Cumulative Total Shareholder Return has outpaced the S&P 500® on an annualized basis by 170 basis points since 2000.
The continued focus on execution discipline to drive results in the short term, and investments to build capabilities and advantage for the long term, has been financially reward- ing for PepsiCo and our shareholders:
• Over the past decade, our net revenue compound annual growth rate was 9%.
• Today, our operating margin stands at 15%, in the top tier of our food and beverage peer group. In addition, core net return on invested capital improved 110 basis points in 2013.
• Inthelast10years,earningspersharegrewatan8% compound annual growth rate, and we returned
$57 billion in cash to shareholders through a combina- tion of dividends and share repurchases.
• PepsiCo’s Cumulative Total Shareholder Return has out- paced the S&P 500® on an annualized basis by 170 basis points since 2000.
This strong performance is the foundation upon which we will build our future. I am more confident than ever that PepsiCo today has the right model, capabilities, people and portfolio to continue to deliver for our consumers, custom- ers and shareholders well into the future.
                 PEPSICO

  2014 and Beyond
Delivering on our 2013 financial targets demanded the very best of the entire PepsiCo management team. The operat- ing environment was volatile and challenging, and going forward we expect the amplitude and frequency of change only to increase.
Growth will continue to be fueled by developing and emerging markets. The growth rates of developing and emerging markets are expected to continue to outpace developed markets for the foreseeable future. And by 2030, experts estimate an additional 3 billion people may join the middle class. These trends present excellent growth opportunities, but will require significant investment and development of the right people, skills and tools to compete. We have already established strong positions in developing and emerging markets, but need to continue to invest in building our capabilities in these markets to capture these growth opportunities.
The consumer shift to more nutritious products will accelerate. Trends such as a desire for convenient, functional nutrition, local and natural ingredients, and better-for-you snack and beverage options have firmly taken hold and will continue to accelerate around the world. We anticipated these trends early on and have taken significant actions to balance our portfolio of offerings. Additionally, we have improved the nutritional profile
of many of our social snacks and beverages by reducing added sugar, sodium and saturated fat in key brands. We are building from an advantaged portfolio, but need to accelerate our efforts to continue to meet this consumer demand and capture this growth opportunity.
Digital technology is disrupting every business at every point in the value chain, and the way we interact with retailers, shoppers and consumers is changing at a dramatic pace. Being a laggard is simply not an option.
In a digital landscape that is incredibly dynamic, we are focusing on new digital tools, technologies and retail plat- forms to allow us to reach consumers differently, shift our advertising and marketing model, improve our analytics and enhance the efficiency of our sales force. Cybersecurity is also a real concern, requiring focused investment and constant diligence against threats.
RUSSIA
In Russia, where PepsiCo is the largest
food and beverage business, 2013 highlights include the launch of new flavors of Chudo drinkable yogurt, as well as volume growth for Lipton ready-to-drink teas and Lay’s.
           CHINA
In China in 2013, PepsiCo engaged consumers with Lay’s “Do Us a Flavor” campaign, which drove volume growth for the brand. Other highlights include volume growth for Mirinda and Quaker.
      LATIN AMERICA
We launched Quaker Stila cereal, an extension of the popular Quaker Stila brand, in Mexico in 2013. Other highlights in Latin America include volume growth for 7UP and Sabritas.
5
                2013 ANNUAL REPORT

  6
We should anticipate geopolitical and social instability to be the norm, not the exception. Income inequality, com- petition for natural resources, and geopolitical tensions and conflict will continue to pose risks to doing business
in many countries around the world. Doing business in this environment requires continued investment to keep our people safe and protect our supply chain against potential threats. Fortunately, PepsiCo’s local teams have an intimate understanding of how to do business in each community in which we operate, allowing them to adapt to changing circumstances. For example, in Egypt, amid political unrest, PepsiCo associates ensured operations were not disrupted and looked for opportunities to expand the business even in a challenging period.
Extreme weather patterns are expected to persist, forcing companies to deal with commodity scarcity and volatility. Warmer temperatures, erratic rainfall patterns, new pests, floods and wildfires all threaten the produc- tivity and availability of agricultural inputs. Our size and scale allow us to manage our commodity supply cost and inflation risks through our centralized strategic platforms and our multiple sourcing pipelines. But managing through these fluctuations requires additional investment and con- tingency planning. For example, our R&D team is working on developing multiple formulations of various products
to be able to cope with changes in raw material availability and price, while delivering on taste and quality.
PepsiCo’s top 12 executives collectively have nearly 200 years of experience in the Consumer Packaged Goods industry.
This “new normal” will require continued focus and invest- ment, and we are confident we have the ingredients for success: geographic diversity; a complementary, related and diverse product portfolio; an efficient and effective operating model; an experienced, top-notch management team; and a culture and ethics that are second to none.
Better Together: The Benefits of the PepsiCo Portfolio
PepsiCo’s portfolio competes in two focused, related categories: foods and beverages. Both categories have attractive global growth prospects of 5% or more, and our convenient foods and beverages businesses are fairly evenly balanced, with about half of our 2013 revenue coming from each. More importantly, our categories and products are highly complementary, sharing the same customers, consumers and occasions. It is the “related diversity” of the PepsiCo portfolio that we believe gives us an advantaged position over the competition.
The Power of PepsiCo’s Portfolio to Enable the Next Wave of Growth. Foods and beverages are consumed together, and PepsiCo’s portfolio offers delicious and convenient food and beverage options for a wide range
of occasions from morning to evening. For example, our consumers might wake up to a breakfast of Quaker Real Medleys and Trop50, enjoy a Pepsi MAX and SunChips with lunch, unwind with Stacy’s pita chips, Sabra hummus and a Lipton beverage, and host a party with an array of Frito-Lay and Pepsi products. No matter the consumer or the occa- sion, we seek to provide a food or beverage solution.
With joint consumer insights, R&D and innovation across foods and beverages, we have capabilities that give us
a leg up on the competition when it comes to knowing and developing what consumers want to eat and drink throughout the day. There are overlapping “demand moments” or “need states” that could be satisfied by a food or a beverage. Our capabilities position us to develop the best solutions, be it a food or beverage, or even something in-between, to meet the needs of our consumers.
Our portfolio allows us to capture coincident eating
and drinking occasions using joint marketing and selling. When consumers reach for a Frito-Lay snack, we want them to pair it with a refreshing Pepsi beverage or any of our other diverse beverage offerings. Our scale and relationship with our retailers allow us to create in-store destinations
to influence consumer shopping patterns and decisions to increase this coincidence of purchase. For example, during the 4th of July holiday season this past year in the U.S., the
                 PEPSICO

  The Power of PepsiCo’s Portfolio
for Our Customers
The scale, ubiquity and related velocity of our categories make us an essential partner for retailers, who look to PepsiCo to drive a significant share of their growth.
    TACO BELL
“With PepsiCo’s help, we have reinvented the crunchy taco and expanded our beverage line while creating a model that has unlimited possibilities for future innovation.”
GREG CREED
Chief Executive Officer, Taco Bell
THE NFL
“PepsiCo is part of the fabric of the NFL. The company has a deep understanding of our business, and its portfolio of iconic brands enables us to win together.”
ROGER GOODELL
NFL Commissioner
BUFFALO WILD WINGS
“What attracted us to PepsiCo is its extensive beverage and food portfolio. We see this as a very powerful partnership.”
SALLY SMITH
Chief Executive Officer, Buffalo Wild Wings
                                                                     combination of Pepsi and Lay’s potato chips at one major retail chain drove increases in display inventory of approxi- mately 40% and resulting gains in sales and share over
the holiday.
And having both foods and beverages allows us to launch and broadly distribute new, convergent food and beverage products — for example, foods through chilled beverage distribution, beverages through ambient food distribution and convergent products that “snackify” beverages.
The Power of PepsiCo’s Portfolio for Our Customers.
The retail landscape today is more competitive than ever before, including competition for share of the shopper’s basket and the retail shelf. The scale, ubiquity and related velocity of our categories make us an essential partner for retailers, who look to PepsiCo to drive a significant share of their growth. Our relationships with our retail partners
enable us to support the growth of our complementary categories. For example, an existing PepsiCo beverage busi- ness in a market can enable us to enter the snacks business in that market.
And our broad portfolio has been a strong competitive advantage in foodservice. The runaway success of Doritos Locos Tacos, a culinary innovation to drive growth for a PepsiCo foodservice customer, is just one example. Doritos Locos Tacos have exceeded $1 billion in retail sales since their launch in 2012. In 2013, PepsiCo won the Buffalo Wild Wings account, giving us access to more than 1,000 loca- tions, by demonstrating the advantages of our combined portfolio. Foodservice customers also see the advantage of partnering with PepsiCo because of our access to retail partners and the option of getting foodservice customer- inspired snacks onto the shelves in grocery stores.
2013 ANNUAL REPORT
7

           8
8
    The Structural Cost Benefits and Global Capability.
Beyond what the customers and consumers see on the shelf, our business model drives structural cost benefits of $800 million to $1 billion across PepsiCo globally each year. These financial benefits are achieved through regional scale cost leverage obtained through procurement, supply chain, go-to-market and selling functions, and G&A. We also see significant financial benefits and savings from having corporate functions integrated globally, such as Global Procurement, R&D, Human Resources and Business Information Services.
Looking beyond direct cost savings, these global platforms create capability advantages for us across the entire value chain. For example, our global marketing capabilities allow us to increase the share of dollars that go to working A&M, facilitate the sharing of sports and talent properties, and enable “lift and shift” of brand-building models. With a global R&D function, investments made are leveraged to drive innovation across both foods and beverages.
How We “Future-Proof”
PepsiCo: Performance with Purpose
I began this letter by talking about our focus on two
goals: delivering on the short term while investing for the long term. One of the great balancing acts as CEO is to manage for both level and duration. And I believe any CEO should be able to answer the question “How are you future- proofing your company?”
As the operating environment has become more volatile and complex, this is a tall order. But I firmly believe that the goals we articulated in 2007 under Performance with
 PEPSICO

            9
    Purpose hold the answer. As long as Performance with Purpose is our guide, I believe PepsiCo will continue to deliver long-term, sustainable growth.
Performance with Purpose is PepsiCo’s recognition that the company’s success is inextricably linked to society’s success. In order to do well by our shareholders, we also have to take into account the needs and concerns of a wide range of stakeholders. If our financial success comes at the expense of the environment, our consumers or our com- munities, we will not be viable in the long run.
In practice, Performance with Purpose means we provide
a range of foods and beverages from treats to healthy eats; we find innovative ways to minimize our impact on the environment and lower our costs through energy and water conservation as well as reduced use of packaging material; we provide a safe and inclusive workplace for our employees globally; and we respect, support and invest in the local communities in which we operate.
Performance with Purpose remains our true north, and
it is more important than ever. I encourage you to please take the time to read our latest Sustainability Report, which details our work and progress toward our goals around
the world.
As 2014 begins, every PepsiCo associate feels an incredible sense of duty and responsibility to those who depend on us to offer sustainable financial returns over the long term. It is for these long-term investors that we run PepsiCo.
I’m confident that PepsiCo’s best days are yet to come, and I’m honored more than ever to serve as Chairman and CEO.
Indra K. Nooyi
PepsiCo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2014
     2013 ANNUAL REPORT
