              These financial results tell only part of the PepsiCo story. As we achieve success with profitable growth, we’re continuously giving back to the communities we serve, delivering what we call Performance with Purpose.
This annual report shows just how we’re achieving the balance between providing you with solid returns on your investments and working to create a defining corporation for the new millennium — one that strives to do better by doing better.
Importantly, PepsiCo’s business performance in 2006 is consistent with very strong performance over the last several years and — we believe — evidence of our ability to continue delivering strong results going forward. Over the last five
years, your company has led the industry with over 8% top line growth, double-digit EPS growth and approximately $26 billion in operating cash flow. During this period, we’ve returned approximately $20 billion to you, our shareholders.
What allows us to deliver these kinds of consistent results? It’s an ideal match of PepsiCo people, capabilities and great brands with opportunity. Specifically, this includes our structural advantages, capability advantages and our unique people culture. For example:
• We sit squarely in the sweet spot of the Food and Beverage space — convenience.
• We have a big global reach — with tremendous opportunity for continued growth.
• Our go-to-market systems provide us with a mosaic of distribution arms that reach everywhere we operate cost effectively and with great efficiency and speed — ensuring our products are always available.
• We have demonstrated that we have the strategic acuity to spot shifting consumer interests, such as the move to non-carbonated beverages and the increasing focus on health and wellness.
• We know how to build a brand’s personality and leverage our mega-brands, not only into line extensions but also into entirely new platforms.
• We have a track record of success in acquiring attractive tuck-in businesses and then integrating them quickly and efficiently.
• Our people provide an overwhelming advantage. They are passionate about what they do and pride themselves on results. Add to this the diversity we cultivate and the personal ownership our associates take in the business, and you have a sense of our unique culture.
We, and all our associates across the globe, believe PepsiCo is delivering more than just financial performance. We are a
Dear Shareholders:
Generating healthy financial returns and making important strides in responsible corporate citizenship, PepsiCo delivered a very strong 2006:
•Volume grew 5.5%.
•Net revenue grew 8%.
•Division operating profit grew 7%.*
•Earnings per share grew 13%.*
•Total return to shareholders was 8%.
•Return on invested capital was 26%.*
•Cash flow from operations was $6.1 billion and management operating cash flow was $4.1 billion.**
Indra Nooyi
Chairman Elect and Chief Executive Officer
Steve Reinemund
Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board
              2006 Scorecard
5.5%
Volume
13%
Earnings Per Share*
8%
Net Revenue
8%
Total Return to Shareholders
7%
Division Operating Profit*
26%
Return on Invested Capital*
    2
* See page 82. ** See page 53.
              267419_L01_P02_07.v3.qxd  3/3/07  11:41 PM  Page 2

                A Very Special Thanks
In 2007, we celebrate a lifetime of leadership for a very prominent member of the PepsiCo family. Earning his place in PepsiCo history as a world-class Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Reinemund is leaving a legacy of growth through his work in transforming our portfolio to address health and wellness consumer needs, building a diverse and inclusive environment for our people and driving the company’s Power of One capabilities. And as he’s done each of these, he’s reinforced a culture committed to driving business results the right way: connected to clearly articulated values. It was under Steve’s leadership that PepsiCo defined our Values, so we now have a common commitment and understanding of the principles that guide us. He’s been an excellent partner and superb mentor, as well as a great friend. We will all miss him when he steps down as Chairman in May, along with three other directors who are retiring. Each has made a lasting contribution to our success.
Steve Reinemund
Steve began his career with PepsiCo in 1984 at Pizza Hut, which was then part of our restaurant division. He served as Chief Executive Officer there before going on to lead Frito-Lay North America and then our worldwide snack operations. He moved to headquarters as PepsiCo’s President and Chief Operating Officer in 1999, and then served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from 2001 to 2006. During this time, he increased PepsiCo revenues by more than $11 billion, and net income and earnings per share more than doubled. In the process, the annual dividend doubled and the company’s market capitalization surpassed $100 billion.
Board of Directors
Retiring this year are three members of the Board of Directors who have been with us a total of 46 years combined: Bob Allen, John Akers and Frank Thomas. Bob served on our Board for 17 years, and since 2000 he has been Presiding Director. He set a high standard for this critical new role with his firm and steady direction. John joined our Board 16 years ago and was Chair of our Compensation Committee and a continuous source of sage advice. Frank provided 13 years of service and was a chief contributor to our business strategies and people planning, and was an invaluable source of counsel to all of us. Each of these individuals has provided excellent counsel and perspective and has given us the full value of his experience. We shall miss them greatly. We’re pleased to have the depth of experience of Sharon Rockefeller, who will become Presiding Director.
In addition, we announced in February that Cynthia Trudell left our Board to become PepsiCo’s Senior Vice President and Chief Personnel Officer, a role she has already assumed. We thank her for her years of service on the Board and look forward to her continued contributions to PepsiCo as she uses her experience to drive our business growth while motivating, developing and caring for the employees who make our businesses successful.
         company with an increasingly deep sense of awareness of the world around us and the needs of its inhabitants. We believe this is a company with a heart, and recognize the role leading companies like ours play in society. It inspires us to focus on delivering Performance with Purpose — something we intend to continue doing.
Human Sustainability
It’s not about growing a business for the next quarter or the next year. It’s about growing a business profitably for the long term.
We believe we can do this in ways directly related to our business, beginning with our products. We have a fundamental belief that humans need to be nourished in multiple dimensions — ranging from simple treats to healthier eats.
We call this human sustainability, and we’re continuously transforming our portfolio of products to meet consumer needs. We’ve improved the nutritional profiles of our global, flagship brands by changing to healthier oils, reducing sugar and sodium content, and by expanding the range of products we offer. This includes products ranging from indulgences — or treats — to good-for-you products that offer functional benefits like hydration or heart health.
In fact, our products that can contribute to healthier lifestyles — what we call “Smart Spot” eligible products — represented over two-thirds of our growth in North America in 2006. These products meet authoritative nutrition statements set by the National Academy of Sciences and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
or provide other functional benefits. And we’ve set a goal of deriving 50% of all our U.S. revenues with Smart Spot eligible products by 2010.
We’re supplementing our portfolio transformation with efforts to educate consumers about the importance of active lifestyles and nutritional balance. We’ve committed to helping them understand that, along
with the calories they put in their bodies, they must ensure they’re burning calories as well.
And we’re proactively collaborating with policy makers to help consumers live healthier lives. In 2006, PepsiCo worked with the Clinton Foundation, the American Heart Association and its partners in the American Beverage Association to develop policies for selling beverages in U.S. schools, and followed up with a
            Earnings Per Share*
$3.00 $2.66
$2.32
2004 2005 2006
* See page 82. ** See page 53.
Management Operating Cash Flow **
$ in Millions
$4,204 $4,065 $3,705
2004 2005 2006
      3
              267419_L01_P02_07.v3.qxd  3/3/07  11:41 PM  Page 3

               similar agreement for snacks in U.S. schools. In fact, PepsiCo is the only company to have participated in the development of both policies.
We are introducing health and wellness programs in markets around the world. And in countries such as Mexico, the United Kingdom and Brazil, we’ve established advisory boards to help guide our efforts.
No matter where we are, the safety and integrity of our products is our single highest priority. It’s our duty as a responsible company. People buy our brands because they know they can count on consistent quality — every time. We follow very rigorous standards of safety and quality. Our standards are equally rigorous in New York, London and Beijing as they are wherever else we operate. We stand behind each and every product we sell.
Environmental Sustainability
The second way PepsiCo can give back to the global community it serves is through its work with environmental sustainability. By fully understanding our environmental impact, we can find ways to conserve and replenish the planet’s natural resources. In doing what’s right for the business, we can do what’s right for the global community.
PepsiCo has focused its environmental sustainability efforts on water, energy and packaging — areas where we can make the biggest impact. Reducing waste water, establishing rainwater collection capabilities, using more recyclable materials in our packaging and using alternative energy sources are just a few of the priorities we’ve set for ourselves. Success with each of them translates into financial benefits for the business.
Our accountability as a global corporate citizen extends to other social issues as well. We’ve established programs to help our associates and communities combat HIV/AIDS. Our associates are volunteering in our communities, and PepsiCo continually responds to calls for humanitarian aid.
Talent Sustainability
The third area of sustainability that we’ve chosen to focus on is talent sustainability — reflecting our belief that people hold the key to PepsiCo’s success. Our company is known to many as an academy company, a place where people grow and business leaders develop. We are also committed to building a work environment where all of our associates can achieve a better quality of life and know that, as a business, we cherish them.
The transitions we announced this year, starting with the CEO and including several other senior executive roles, show that we are not only committed to developing and retaining deep bench strength, but that we’re equally passionate about ensuring seamless transitions. And while we certainly weren’t looking for external recognition, BusinessWeek bestowed its 2006 ”smoothest handover” honors to PepsiCo, saying, ”...the transition in October from Steven S Reinemund to Indra K. Nooyi at the $33 billion PepsiCo was noticeably angst-free.”
Whether it’s managing transitions or running the business day-to-day, PepsiCo’s culture is renowned for its “can-do” spirit, something we consider part of our DNA. Look no further than the marketplace challenges of any year to see our level of commitment to getting the job done. In 2006, whether it was skyrocketing fruit costs, or ever-increasing competitive activity in categories or markets across the globe, our people proved they’re among the world’s best.
Our focus on people has never been more critical; the global competition for talent intensifies each year, and the companies that win will be those that provide the most opportunity for personal and professional growth.
We firmly believe that PepsiCo’s commitment to diversity and inclusion is creating that kind of environment. To attract and retain the best and brightest, we’re working harder than ever to ensure our culture grows in its inclusive nature — that it becomes known as a premier place to work because every associate can bring his or her whole self to work. When that happens, we unleash the power of our people on innovative solutions that will grow your company.
Looking ahead, our work plan is clear: we have a mandate to deliver Performance with Purpose. We’re well positioned to deliver financial performance, consistent with our guidance, and to do it with the goals of nourishing consumers, replenishing the environment in which we operate and cherishing our people. Our capabilities and strategies to deliver on this priority are highlighted in the pages that follow.
While we have much more to do, we’re making progress on delivering on our commitment to Purpose and are proud to share details with you in this publication. As a result of our efforts, the Dow Jones Sustainability North American Index — an investment fund comprised of North American companies that excel in managing economic, environmental and social results — added PepsiCo to its list in 2006.
Our True North — Our Values
Of course, guiding our people and our culture is a set of values that helps ensure we achieve all results with integrity — the right way. We want PepsiCo to continue to be viewed as a high-integrity company, and we recognize and reward leaders who deliver results in ways that are consistent with our True North — our Values.
Since PepsiCo was formed in 1965, each of the company’s leaders — beginning with Don Kendall, and including Wayne Calloway and Roger Enrico — has been passionately committed to operating a business with integrity, one that delivers strong, sustainable financial returns.
As we have co-authored PepsiCo’s strategy over the last several years, and conclude our own CEO transition, above all we share an equally passionate commitment to our Values and to running a business that does better by doing better, achieving financial results while addressing environmental and social needs.
It’s a legacy we both intend to leave. And we believe there’s no better, more honorable, or more strategic way to grow your company.
              4
Steve Reinemund Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board
Indra Nooyi
Chairman Elect and Chief Executive Officer
              267419_L01_P02_07.v4.qxd  3/5/07  11:44 PM  Page 4
