 PS101 '99 Annual Report_opt v3 7/31/00 11:18 AM Page 2
  Our Vision
PETsMART has the services and solutions to help you be a responsible pet owner by fulfilling the total lifetime needs of your pet.
May 1, 2000
Dear fellow shareholders:
1999 was a watershed year for PETsMART. In the face of the many challenges that come with rebuilding a business, we maintained our company’s fundamental strength and stability. We fortified our retail operations, reshaped our portfolio and, perhaps most importantly, we outlined a vision for the future – a vision we believe will translate into measurable value for our customers, our associates and our shareholders.
Operating income from our North American stores grew almost 39 percent over 1998, margins continued to improve, and comparable store sales increased 4.6 percent.
On a comparable basis, PETsMART’s net income also grew, coming in at 33 cents per share, versus 23 cents last year, excluding the impact of losses from the operation and sale of our retail store subsidiary in the United Kingdom, and from our investment in PETsMART.com. While tough to face in the short term, these portfolio changes took an under-performing asset off the books and gave us another customer touch point via a strong and synergistic presence on the Web – both important investments in the future.
We also continued to invest in our infrastructure. Improvements to our supply chain began to come on line and early results show these changes have real power to reduce inventory and better our in-stock position over time. New information systems refined our operations, while our corporate brand program, unique retail mix and customer service initiatives drove traffic and sales.
Despite that ongoing stability and growth, and the completion of a $25 million common stock purchase program, the PETsMART share price reached a low of $2.63 in October 1999. The performance of our stock was our biggest disappointment and reflected a great deal of change in our industry.
During 1999, discounters and grocery stores began to offer a broader range of
specialty items, including premium pet foods and expanded pet supplies. Consumers grew increasingly savvy and the pace of change intensified, presenting new challenges and significant opportunities for retailers.
In this environment, only companies that understand how to capitalize on change will win. PETsMART plans to be one of them.
(front row–left to right):
Philip L. Francis
Chairman, President and CEO
Robert F. Moran
President, North American Stores
(back row–left to right):
Scott A. Crozier
Senior Vice President and General Counsel
Neil T. Watanabe
Executive Vice President and CFO
Marcia R. Meyer
President, PETsMART International Supply Company
                              
PS101 '99 Annual Report_opt v3 7/31/00 11:19 AM Page 3
  identify
                         Most analysts estimate the size of the annual market for basic pet products and services at about $31 billion. At PETsMART, we see it differently. If you look at the total lifetime needs of pets – things like adoption, nutrition, health and medical care, shelter, and pet and owner education and entertainment – the market grows substantially. PETsMART is in a much stronger position than any other retailer to capitalize on that potential.
Our vision for our company and our future is simple, powerful and achievable: PETsMART will be the preferred provider for the lifetime needs of pets.
To make that vision a reality, we must reshape our business. Our customers, and what they want, show us the way.
PETsMART has identified a large segment of customers we call the “pet enthusiast.” This group is passionately committed to their pets, and to serve them, we must be just as passionate. We must nourish the pet enthusiasts’ relationships with their pets. We must provide solutions, expert advice, and an environment that enhances and facilitates the bond between pets and people. PETsMART has the experience and basic infrastructure to do these things well.
Better yet, we have found that creating value for the pet enthusiast allows us to capture important secondary customer segments and achieve a large share of the best customers using a single investment strategy.
“Over the next three years, we will align each aspect of our business with the needs, desires and aspirations of the pet enthusiast.”
            
 PS101 '99 Annual Report_opt v3 7/31/00 11:19 AM Page 4
  connect
                              
PS101 '99 Annual Report_opt v3 7/31/00 11:20 AM Page 5
  Over the next three years, we will align each aspect of our business with the needs, desires and aspirations of the pet enthusiast.
Product selection The pet enthusiast – not our suppliers – now drives merchandise “Our vision for our
management. This dramatic shift represents our single biggest opportunity to lower costs and at the same time, give customers the value and the products they want throughout the lives of their pets.
From there, we will move into category management, where everything we do, from the structure of the organization to our business processes, is built around how our customers shop.
Professional services No other retailer can match the scale of grooming, pet training and veterinary services currently offered by PETsMART. In 2000, we plan to develop these core services to their full potential.
Strong professional pet services are required to fulfill the lifetime needs of pets. They help customers find solutions and expert advice. They provide multiple touch points with customers, encourage destination shopping and position PETsMART as the authority in pet care. We believe that, when fully developed, our core services will be an engine of profit and growth. Then, we plan to go after new, breakthrough services that will further set us apart.
Customer service To win, PETsMART must change its focus from the tasks we accomplish to the customers we serve. We are tapping into the passion and expertise of our 21,000 associates to make PETsMART a customer-centered, sales-focused company. Our substantial investment
in our people will pay dividends in the form of better convenience, information and service for our customers and a sustained competitive advantage for our shareholders.
Customer experience In PETsMART stores, customers can shop with their pets, adopt a homeless animal and watch grooming and pet training in action. We are building on those unique strengths to create the pet-caring atmosphere our customers crave, make PETsMART stores more fun to shop, enhance sales productivity and reinforce the strong PETsMART brand.
Loyalty By keeping the promises we make to customers, we earn the right to serve them for a lifetime. Our singular focus is meeting our customers’ needs – spoken and unspoken – every time we interact with them. In the next year, we will develop a targeted loyalty program that supports our relationship with our best customers.
company and our future is simple, powerful and achievable: PETsMART will be the preferred provider for the lifetime needs of pets.”
                                       
 PS101 '99 Annual Report_opt v3 7/31/00 11:20 AM Page 6
  perform
     “By keeping the promises we make
to customers, we
earn the right to serve them for a lifetime.”
Getting to the vision is a journey – one that starts with strengthening the core of our business. We gained ground in 1999 with successful behind-the-scenes work to build a solid infrastructure. In 2000, we will drive operating excellence in every core business practice that touches the pet enthusiast customer.
By the end of this year, we will:
• Enhance the pet-caring, customer-focused atmosphere in our stores. Our associates will greet every customer. They will gain and actively share extensive product and service knowledge and focus on convenience.
• Make sure the items customers want are in stock.
• Grow grooming and pet training sales. We will treat our services business with a start-up mentality, making substantial investments to drive rapid, profitable growth.
• Boost premium and corporate brand sales. We will encourage customers to move from grocery to premium food and supplies, and continue to offer excellent value through our own brands.
• Manage our costs aggressively, driving operating expenses down and maintaining an extremely competitive price and value position.
• Drive a culture of excellence. We will create rigorous operating procedures and key performance indicators, develop business-driven information systems that provide the data we need to make sound decisions, and share best practices chain wide.
                           
PS101 '99 Annual Report_opt v3 7/31/00 11:21 AM Page 7
  succeed
                          Success in developing our core businesses gives us the foundation. From there, we will continue . the journey toward realizing our vision, expanding the core to fulfill the needs of our best
customers and to create new demand.
Achieving these goals will fundamentally change the way PETsMART does business. The vision shifts our focus from transactions to relationships. It makes us a trusted authority, rather than simply a seller of goods. And ultimately, it builds the brand, making PETsMART not just a place to shop, but the ultimate symbol of caring for pets.
By creating a new kind of company, PETsMART will move ahead of the pack and be extremely difficult to catch. We will be the kind of company that exploits, rather than reacts to market turbulence. As the preferred provider for the lifetime needs of pets, we will create significant and sustainable value.
Philip L. Francis
Chairman, President and CEO
“The vision shifts our focus from transactions to relationships. It builds the brand, making PETsMART not just a place to shop, but the ultimate symbol of caring
for pets.”
             