April 19, 2010
Dear Fellow Stockholders: We kept our focus in 2009 and delivered solid results, validating the work we began in 2008 to right-size our cost structure, better align our business units, be a better merchandiser and leverage our customer insights to strengthen our bond with pet parents. Put simply, we entered the new decade healthy and happy. Despite a sour economy and weak consumer spending, we delivered strong earnings growth and positive comparable store sales. We: · achieved comparable store sales growth of 1.6 percent and increased total sales by 5.4 percent · more than tripled our quarterly dividend from 3 cents to 10 cents per share and paid $32 million in dividends · bought back $165 million of PetSmart stock · generated $567 million in operating cash ow We added 37 net new stores in 2009, ending the year with 1,149 stores and 162 PetsHotels in the United States and Canada, with plans to open 40 to 42 net new stores and 18 PetsHotels in 2010. Our pet services business--grooming, pet training, PetSmart PetsHotel and Doggie Day Camp --continues to set us apart from our competitors and remains a catalyst of customer loyalty. We achieved total services sales of $575 million, up 9.2 percent from 2008. Grooming remains strong, while our hotels are beginning to benet from improved operational efciencies and cost controls in spite of the soft market. Pet Parents continue to entrust their pets to us when they're in need of a service or care, a responsibility that humbles us and motivates us to do even better. One of our proudest achievements in 2009 was the adoption by a loving New Jersey family of Chloe, a one-year-old Collie mix who became the 4-millionth pet to be adopted from a PetSmart On average, we now adopt one pet for every hour our PetSmart Charities in-store Adoption store. O Centers are open. Adoptions are the right thing to do and they create additional avenues for us to build loyalty.

We have passionate, knowl ledgeable associates who love to see hea althy, happy pets.

Chloe is just one of the millions of pets--dogs, cats, hamsters, birds, reptiles and sh--whose lives are enriched by the range of products, services and assistance we provide. We have passionate, knowledgeable associates who love to see healthy, happy pets. Looking ahead Because we don't expect much if any improvement in the macro-economic environment in 2010, we remain sharply centered on those things within our control--where opportunity is plentiful and where we can continue to build market share and the bottom line. For example, last year we made great strides in cost control across the business without negatively affecting the customer experience or associate morale. We'll keep up the pursuit. We saw respectable increases in our customer satisfaction scores as we applied customer insights to our marketing and merchandising efforts, improved our training tools and processes, and armed our associates with information to build even stronger and more meaningful bonds with Pet Parents. Those efforts remain a priority in 2010. We've bolstered our merchandising capabilities with strong and experienced leadership, effective strategies and sturdy vendor partnerships. Our emphasis on proprietary brands and adding strong new national and exclusive brands such as the Martha Stewart Pets line--to reach stores this spring--create compelling reasons for Pet Parents to shop our stores. These efforts give us better margins, a signicant competitive advantage and future growth opportunities.
®

We also remain focused on increasing our return on capital and seeking opportunities to invest in growth and high return initiatives. We're committed to delivering superior total shareholder returns in 2010 and years beyond through expense discipline, improved protability of our existing assets, mix of share repurchases, dividends, and store growth. We're condent we can achieve this as we execute the strategies that differentiate us, deliver value and set the standard for customer engagement and loyalty. Our business model is strong, but we owe our success to the support of 45,000 dedicated and passionate associates in our stores, distribution centers and ofces throughout North America. We look back at 2009 with sincere thanks for all that they accomplished and ahead with great anticipation for what they will achieve. We are well positioned to stay healthy, happy and produce long-lasting results and sustained shareholder value.

Sincerely,

Philip L. Francis
Executive Chairman

Robert F. Moran
President and Chief Executive Ofcer

