  Letter to Stockholders
April 20, 2009
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
In 2008, PetSmart focused on right-sizing our cost structure, without negatively impacting our relationship with our customers and our commitment to Total Lifetime CareSM for every pet, every parent, every time. Despite a challenging retail environment, we feel that our performance for the year is a great indication of the strength of our Total Lifetime Care promise.
On the financial front, we delivered comp store sales growth of 3.8 percent. We ended the year with $421 million in operating cash flow, bought back 2.3 million shares of our stock, and paid quarterly dividends of 3 cents per share. We created a more cost conscious culture as we migrated from our mindset of “how much can we do” to “how much can we afford to do.” We worked to leverage expenses by removing non-customer facing tasks from our stores and driving efficiencies in our supply chain. We also reduced our capital expenditures from a historical high of $294 million in 2007, to $238 million in 2008.
We added 104 net new stores in 2008, ending the year with 1,112 stores in the United States and Canada. As
we look forward to 2009, we remain committed to slowing our unit growth and carefully managing our capital, our productivity, and our expenses. Our 2009 capital expenditures are expected to be $115 million to $125 million, which is a reduction of approximately 50% when compared to 2008. We plan to use approximately 80% to build 40 to 42 net new stores and 20 PetsHotels as well as other remodel type projects. The remaining 20% will be spent on supply chain, IT and other infrastructure improvements.
Fundamentally, we remain in an attractive competitive position against our competitors. But, as always, we remain humble, yet prepared to retain and grow our market share. Over the past few years we have worked hard to build the foundation, refine our execution, and ensure the consistency of our brand in all we do. Our Total Lifetime Care promise stands stronger than ever, as we work to continually meet the evolving needs of our customer.
Under the umbrella of Total Lifetime Care, we expect to widen the differentiation between ourselves and our competitors. We are focused on providing more innovative products, increasing product speed to market,
    “Over the past few years we have worked hard to build the foundation, refine our execution, and ensure the consistency of our brand in all we do. Our Total Lifetime Care promise stands stronger than ever, as we work to continually meet the evolving needs of our customer.”
 
 Every Pet, Every Parent, Every Time
strengthening our relationship with Banfield, The Pet Hospital®, telling compelling stories about our products and creating excitement in our stores for both customers and our selling associates. As a result, we believe we can continue to grow our market share and drive more productivity through our current assets.
We understand that our differentiation and strength comes from knowing our customers and the passion that they have for their pets. For this reason, we are beginning our journey toward a deeper focus on the customer and the many ways we can strengthen the relationship and lifetime care we offer to pet parents.
Our customer database has continually allowed us to deepen our understanding of who our customers are, how they shop and what they are looking for. With the use of our extensive database and consumer research, we now have the ability to segment our customers, while developing targeted strategies to drive incremental behavior. This data is impacting how we invest to reach our customers, while driving many of our everyday business decisions. These efforts will remain at the forefront of our 2009 focus, as we seek to strengthen our customer base, and increase the overall value of our brand to our customers.
Despite some slowing related to the economic environment, our services offerings still remain a very “sticky” part of our business, as pet parents remain loyal to us when they are in need of services. Total services sales were $527 million in 2008, up 15.8 percent from 2007. Grooming remains strong, as the Christmas holiday week produced the highest single week of grooming sales in our history. We also reached another milestone this year, as one of our grooming salons hit $1 million in sales for the year.
We are very fortunate here at PetSmart. We are a leader in an industry that services a strong emotional bond between pet parents and their loved ones. Our associates understand that bond and take pride in supporting it.
Despite the macro economy, we expect to look back at this time as one that helped us focus on what is critical to strengthen our market position, while solidifying our long-term growth potential. Our management team and associates remain committed to stay the course. We expect to efficiently use our capital, while remaining adaptable to our rapidly changing environment. As a result, we remain confident that our promise of Total Lifetime Care for every pet, every parent, every time, will produce long-lasting results and shareholder value.
Sincerely,
Philip L. Francis
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Robert F. Moran
President and Chief Operating Officer
  