                2012
 Letter to the Stockholders
April 17, 2013
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
2012 was a milestone year for PetSmart as we celebrated our 25th anniversary of helping Pet Parents provide the best care for their pets with our promise of Total Lifetime Care.SM Our focus is on providing solutions through developing innovative products and services, engaging with our customers in an authentic way, and driving consistent execution in all that we do. All of these things create the differentiation that makes us the pet specialty leader. Over the years, we’ve been fortunate to be able to lead industry trends that have changed the pet shopping experience, most notably through exclusive products and services, a wide food assortment focused on natural ingredients, and providing free space to facilitate more than 5 million pet adoptions in our stores.
Our financial framework defines the parameters of how we operate our business with the goal of driving top quartile returns of 13% to 18% total shareholder returns. In 2012, we continued to deliver strong financial results. We drove comparable store sales growth of 6.3%, and increased total sales by 11%. Our strong sales performance, combined with our continued cost and capital discipline, created earnings per share growth of 39%.
During the year, we generated $653 million in operating cash flow, and spent $138 million in capital expenditures, adding 46 net new stores and 4 PetsHotels. We ended the year with 1,278 stores and 196 PetsHotels in the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. We bought back $457 million of PetSmart stock and received approval for a new $525 million share purchase program. We also increased our quarterly dividend 18% from 14 cents to 16.5 cents per share, and paid $84 million in dividends.
We understand that our differentiation and strength comes from knowing our customers and the passion that they have for their pets. That is why we offer our Pet Parents solutions through innovative products and highly differentiated services. We have more than 10,000 distinct items of dog, cat, fish, bird, reptile, small animal and other specialty products in our stores, including many well known and recognized brands and a growing portfolio of innovative and exclusive brands that resonate with our Pet Parents. We continue to fuel our pipeline of innovation with the addition of new exclusive partnerships including Toys “R” Us Pets,TM Bret Michaels Pets RockTM and DisneyTM.
Our highly differentiated services offerings include professional grooming, training, boarding, day camp and full service veterinary care all under one roof. These services are an integral part of our strategy to engage our Pet Parents, understand their needs, and provide solutions that promote customer loyalty. We continue to invest in our services businesses with the PetSmart Grooming Look Great Guarantee, which has inspired new customers to try our grooming services and improved loyalty with our existing customers. To better serve our PetsHotel customers and improve our operational efficiencies, this year we completed the roll out of our PetsHotel call center nationally to all of our hotels. In 2012, services sales increased 10% to $740 million, or 11% of net sales. Our services offerings fulfill Pet Parents’ desire to treat their pets like family.

                     At the core of the customer experience in our stores are the authentic connections that our associates build with our Pet Parent customers each day. Our business is about relationships and our ability to understand the bond between Pet Parents and their pets. Pet Parent customers rely on our associates in our stores to educate them and lead them to the right solutions for their pet. Our investment in our associates allows our associates to offer advice and solutions, creating meaningful relationships with our customers, further differentiating us from the competition.
The unique in-store experience includes our commitment to saving the lives of homeless pets. Through our in-store pet adoption partnership with PetSmart Charities and PetSmart Charities of Canada, Inc., we provide space in our stores so that nearly 1,100 homeless pets a day can be adopted. This year, we had the opportunity to celebrate a milestone adoption event. A five-year-old Husky named Dodge became the five-millionth pet to be adopted from a PetSmart store. PetSmart Charities is the leader in granting money to help pets in need, with more than $28 million given in 2012 throughout North America.
Looking Ahead
This year marked a significant milestone in our history, giving us an opportunity to reflect back on our journey over the years and what has led to our success. Leveraging the strength of our brand, we have focused on providing solutions for our Pet Parents through innovation and a differentiated experience.
Although the macro-economic environment still holds some uncertainty, we remain focused on executing the strategies that have been key to our success over the past several years and continuing to drive top quartile shareholder returns. By focusing on our strategic and operational priorities, we will continue to do all the right things to drive future sustainable growth and long-term shareholder value.
Sincerely,
Robert F. Moran David K. Lenhardt
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer
        