 Letter to Stockholders
 April 21, 2008
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
In 2007, PetSmart simplified our business and built on our core strengths. This helped us navigate a challenging economic environment and set us up to emerge a stronger, more resilient competitor.
We exited the State Line Tack equine business, allowing us to better focus our resources on our core business. We renegotiated our operating agreement and business ownership with Banfield, The Pet Hospital®. This will allow us to provide a more seamless customer experience and fully leverage the power of having a vet—the most trusted advisor to a pet parent—inside our stores to help drive the success of both businesses.
We expanded our presence in the Canadian market through an acquisition and continue to seek opportunities to grow in that market. And, we weathered a sizeable pet food recall by putting pets and their parents first.
On the financial front, we delivered comp store sales growth of 2.4 percent for 2007. We ended the year with $333 million in operating cash flow, bought back 9.8 million shares of our stock, and paid quarterly dividends of 3 cents per share.
While we’ve had better years, we remain confident this is a strong business with ample opportunity. We’ve built a highly competitive business model that has helped us gain market share and deliver consistently impressive top- and bottom-line performance for the past seven years. Our investment in growth, however, has given us a fixed expense structure that is difficult to leverage with a weakened top line, making us more susceptible to the effects of the economic slowdown that hit in the latter part of the year.
If we want to deliver ongoing earnings growth and consistent shareholder returns, we must strike a balance between investing in top-line growth and our long-term competitive platform and, at the same time, manage our costs and maximize the performance of our current asset base.
In this challenging environment, we’re intently focused on driving trips and transactions and taking great care of the customer. We believe our model of providing Total Lifetime CareSM for pets continues to be an important competitive advantage. PetSmart provides a superior shopping experience and is in an enviable position when it comes to giving customers solutions and developing relationships with them. In 2008, we’ll continue to focus on customer service and the store experience.
We’ll also continue to gather meaningful data that helps us understand our customers and develop more relevant offers through our PetPerks® loyalty program. Launched in early 2008, our new PetSmart® PetPerks® Visa® Credit Card serves as both our loyalty program card and a credit card, bringing a new revenue stream to PetSmart. Customers can earn points toward merchandise or donate to help pets in need, receive in-store and online discounts, and personalize their card with a photo of their pet.
 “We believe by focusing on and developing our core competencies today,
we’ll be in an even stronger position to drive results and take advantage
of new opportunities tomorrow. —Philip L. Francis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ”

 Services remain strong and continue to be one of our most powerful differentiators. With pet grooming, training, hoteling and Banfield, The Pet Hospital under the same roof as our products, we make taking care of pets easier and more convenient and deliver on our total lifetime care strategy. PetSmart is the only major national business to achieve this combined offering and we believe ample opportunity exists to capitalize on it. Total services sales were $458.7 million in 2007, up 22 percent from 2006, resulting in a 25.8 percent compound annual growth rate since fiscal 2000.
The PetSmart PetsHotel®, our overnight boarding and daycare facility for dogs and cats, continues to drive strong demand and helps us deepen the bond between PetSmart and pet parents. We opened 35 hotels in 2007, ending the year with 97 hotels inside PetSmart stores. We’ll maintain growth at about 45 to 50 hotels per year on the way to an ultimate build-out of 540, when about 30 percent of our stores will have a hotel.
We remain committed to the investments that differentiate us from the competition, build customer loyalty and drive long-term growth. At the same time, we’re intently focused on capital and expense management.
We’ll slow capital spending from about 6.3 percent of sales in 2007 to 5.6 percent of sales in 2008. We expect to reduce our capital expenditures to about 4.5 percent of sales in 2009 and to about 4 percent of sales in the years beyond. We opened 100 net new stores in 2007, including 18 acquired Canadian stores, and will continue to open between 100 and 105 net new stores in 2008 due to previous real estate commitments. But as we look to 2009, we’ll reduce the number of stores we plan to open by about 20 percent.
We’ll manage expenses by focusing on consistency and execution in our more than 1,000 stores. We’ll manage store labor carefully and plan to complete the roll-out of our new labor management system in 2008. And, we’ll introduce new processes and policies to drive efficiencies—from how we work with vendors at the front end of the supply chain to how we manage merchandise inside the store.
Finally, we’ll continue to nurture the excitement and passion of our associates, giving them the tools and knowledge they need to consistently and efficiently achieve results, to grow and be successful. Our associates, from the corporate office to the store floor, understand our strategic direction and know how they contribute to it. That kind of alignment, deep into the organization, makes PetSmart a great place to work and gives us a substantial competitive advantage.
PetSmart has a solid business model we believe in and are confident will continue to help us grow earnings. We are committed to our strategy and confident in its ability to drive sustainable shareholder returns. We believe by focusing on and developing our core competencies today, we’ll be in an even stronger position to drive results and take advantage of new opportunities tomorrow.
Sincerely,
Philip L. Francis Robert F. Moran
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer
“We remain committed to the investments that differentiate us from the
competition, build customer loyalty and drive long-term growth. At the
same time, we’re intently focused on capital and expense management.”
   —Robert F. Moran, President and Chief Operating Officer
