    The rapid pace of the Wyeth integration reflects the most fundamental principle at Pfizer: We
meet our commitments
to our stakeholders, starting with our commitments
to you, the owners of the company.”
Jeff Kindler
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
    16

    Pfizer colleagues have stepped up to the challenge of executing one of the fastest integrations in recent business history.
To Our Owners
When I first wrote to you as Chairman three years ago, we had just made the necessary but painful decision to end our late-stage development program for torcetrapib due to safety concerns. That program offered a potential new treatment for the millions of people
living with cardiovascular disease—which still remains the world’s number one killer, despite all the medical advances and increased knowledge about healthier lifestyles over the last few decades.
Several months later, we made another difficult decision—this time to withdraw Exubera from the market. The world’s first inhalable insulin, this novel technology offered a medical advance to treat diabetes. But it was not accepted by the people we hoped would use it, prescribe it or pay for it.
These two medical programs sought to address urgent challenges to global health, and they had strong scientific merit when they began years earlier. That’s why billions of dollars were invested in them over a long period of time.
These two outcomes—disappointing for patients and our colleagues, and expensive for our shareholders— brought into sharp focus several truths about the biopharmaceutical business:
• People around the world continue to suffer from unmet medical needs—so society must continue to make the significant but risky investments necessary to find cures and treatments to meet those needs. Biopharmaceutical companies are
uniquely able to make those investments and, therefore, policymakers must continue to preserve and enhance an environment that encourages companies like ours to invest capital in the pursuit of medical innovation;
• Drug discovery and development is enormously expensive and inherently risky—so those of us who are stewards of your capital must invest it wisely. We must take prudent risks; rigorously apply hurdle rates appropriate for the nature of the specific investment; recognize that not every investment
will succeed in this business; carefully monitor our investments; and, importantly, know when to stop funding projects that are not meeting their goals. Our job, of course, is to achieve for you, over time, an appropriate return for those investments as a whole; and
• It is unwise to rely on one or two blockbuster drugs (whether on the market or still in the pipeline) for a disproportionate amount of our future revenue and profit. We must take
a balanced approach to the risks and rewards represented by the different types of product and market opportunities presented by today’s biopharmaceutical business.
   17

   Our Path Forward
And so, as I reported in my letter to you after my first full year as Chairman and CEO, we adopted a different course than we had taken in the recent past.
We called it Our Path Forward and it has five strategies:
• Refocus and optimize our patent-protected portfolio;
• Find and capitalize on new opportunities for
established products;
• Grow in emerging markets;
• Grow our diversified businesses; and
• Instill a culture of innovation and continuous
improvement.
We have pursued these strategies aggressively and the Wyeth transaction accelerated our progress toward each one:
• In our patent-protected portfolio, we narrowed the focus of our research to those therapeutic areas where we can invest to win. These are the diseases where the medical needs are greatest, where the science is most promising, and where Pfizer’s capabilities are strongest. They include oncology, pain, inflammation, Alzheimer’s disease, psychoses and diabetes. In addition, thanks in significant part to the Wyeth acquisition, we have increased our emphasis on biotherapeutics and vaccines. When we updated our pipeline in late January of this year, we announced that we had
133 programs in development, including 27 biologics and 6 vaccines, up from 16 biologics and one vaccine when we updated the pipeline a year earlier;
• We made Pfizer’s first significant investments in generic medicines and are turning a historically declining business—consisting of products that have lost their exclusivity—into a platform for future profitable growth. We did this by creating a focused, accountable, high-performing Established Products unit with a culture all its own. This business operates with the speed and agility demanded by its unique marketplace. We now have approximately 600 products in our Established Products portfolio. While the results in this unit will vary, it generated year-over-year operational revenue growth for the first time in the fourth quarter of 2009;
• Similarly, we created an Emerging Markets Business Unit to seize opportunities in the fastest-growing biopharmaceutical markets
in the world. We have made the right kinds of investments in the right markets—those in which we are in a premier competitive position as a result of our historical presence, the breadth of our portfolio, and our strong relationships with local partners. As
a result, this business produced double-digit revenue growth in many markets during 2009, led by China, India, Brazil and Russia;
• We now have a portfolio of profitable, growing diversified businesses that closely complement our core biopharmaceutical businesses. The combination of Pfizer and Wyeth brought together leading animal health, consumer health, nutrition and capsule manufacturing businesses that produce profitable growth—and that together offer a range of treatments and preventive measures for every stage of life for people and animals; and
• We are continuously reducing our costs, improving our productivity and making our cost structure more flexible. During 2007 and 2008,
we reduced our total cost base by $2.8 billion,
on a constant-currency basis versus 2006. This was achieved in large part by reducing the workforce from 98,000 to 81,900; and by decreasing the number of manufacturing and R&D sites by more than 40 percent—from 78 to 46 and from 15 to nine, respectively. All told, the total real estate footprint was reduced by more than 35 percent. We announced further cost reduction plans in January 2009 in conjunction with the Wyeth acquisition. We aim to achieve additional savings of approximately $7 billion before making focused investments in growth opportunities, yielding net cost savings
of between $4 billion and $5 billion after those reinvestments by 2012, on a constant-currency basis. We will continue to improve every aspect of our productivity and the efficiency with which we deploy your capital. Our solid track record on this score provides confidence in our ability to both return that capital to shareholders as well as to make disciplined investments in the many growth opportunities before us—in marketed products as well as in new products and new markets.
Pursuing Health Solutions in Diverse Ways
Together, all of these changes have produced a very different company today from what we were when I first wrote to you three years ago.
We remain, of course, a biopharmaceutical company driven by scientific innovation. But we now pursue health solutions in numerous and diverse ways:
• For people as well as animals;
• Through research in small molecules, large molecules
and vaccines;
• Through prescription as well as over-the-counter
medicines;
• Through patent-protected, generic and “branded
generic” medicines;
• Through human nutritional supplements and vitamins;
• Through primary care, specialty care, and oncology
treatments and cures; and
• In the developed world as well as in the developing
world.
   18

    Acquired with Wyeth, Pfizer’s Andover, Massachusetts facility is home to leading experts in recombinant DNA and other biotherapeutic technologies.
In short, we are a company whose mission is to apply science and our global resources to improve health and well-being at every stage of life.
I believe the people, capabilities and assets that we have brought together make Pfizer uniquely valuable to people around the world. We now have more ways than ever to help the tens of millions of people who live with disease today—as well as the tens of millions of people we can help by preventing illnesses and disease in the future.
For shareholders, this means enormous opportunities. And, it also means we will no longer be overly dependent on one or two in-line blockbuster drugs or potential blockbusters. In fact, no Pfizer product is expected to account for more than 10 percent of our annual revenue once Lipitor loses U.S. exclusivity.
Clearly, we are still pursuing blockbusters—medicines that can individually prevent, treat or cure dreaded illnesses that afflict tens of millions of people. We are bringing together the best scientific minds—inside and outside our company—to attack some of the most feared diseases of our time. In many therapeutic areas, we believe our late-stage pipeline provides potential new medicines and vaccines that will address enormous unmet medical needs—like Alzheimer’s disease, chronic pain and rheumatoid arthritis.
“Thanks in significant part to the Wyeth acquisition, we
have increased
our emphasis on biotherapeutics and vaccines.”
At the same time, however, we will continue to respond to unmet medical needs across our business in numerous other ways. We will drive profitable growth from multiple additional sources—from new indications for existing products; from medicines to treat diseases that afflict relatively smaller, but still large, segments
of the population; from opportunities across emerging markets; from our established products portfolio; and from our diversified businesses.
Together with continuing improvements in productivity, and smart, disciplined capital allocation, we expect our strategy to produce, over time, modest top-line growth, stronger and consistent bottom-line growth, and continued strong dividend payments—all of which, in turn, should enhance shareholder value.
2009: Challenges and Progress
As I noted earlier, our acquisition of Wyeth, which we closed late in 2009, significantly advanced each of the strategies in Our Path Forward.
Thanks to the extraordinary work of thousands
of individuals at Pfizer and Wyeth, the transaction
was closed on time. The integration has so far met
or exceeded our expectations in terms of speed, in achievement of milestones, and, most importantly from my point of view, in advancing a culture through which we gain the best thinking and talent from both legacy companies and move forward together on behalf of our shareholders and other stakeholders.
   19

   “Over the past three years, we’ve substantially enhanced our leadership at all levels, through internal promotions
and by hiring people from inside and outside the industry.”
Pfizer’s Executive Leadership Team. You can learn more from each of these leaders on pages 26 –31 of this report.
 Our performance in 2009 clearly demonstrates
the ability of our colleagues to remain focused and to deliver solid operational performance, while also working to ensure a successful integration. From the moment the acquisition received required legal approvals, our colleagues moved quickly. The day after the acquisition closed, we announced the identity of all country leaders and the location of all headquarters sites. Within six days, U.S. Primary Care field force members knew their status. Within 30 days, we announced an integrated plan for R&D site reductions. And within 90 days, we completed a scientifically complex prioritization and announced Pfizer’s new combined R&D pipeline.
The rapid pace of the Wyeth integration reflects
the most fundamental principle at Pfizer: We meet our commitments to our stakeholders, starting with our commitments to you, the owners of the company. Since this management team has been fully in place, we have consistently met or exceeded the adjusted financial guidance1 that we have provided—despite an extremely dynamic operating and policy environment. We did so again in 2009, and our financial guidance for 2010 reflects our plan to continue delivering results and meeting our commitments.
1 See note 3 on page 35.
The Spirit of Small...The Power of Scale
Delivering commitments requires clear accountability. But big companies often produce bureaucracy the
way gardens produce weeds, and bureaucracy is the enemy of accountability. And, of course, it can suffocate the ability of leaders closest to their customers to
act quickly in a highly competitive and fast-moving global marketplace.
At the same time, there are significant aspects
of our business where size and scale are not only a competitive advantage but, in some ways, essential. High-throughput screening; large, global clinical trials; extensive field forces in certain markets; economies of scale in manufacturing—these are just a few examples of areas in which Pfizer can, when we do it right, use our size and scale to our advantage.
So, at Pfizer, we follow a principle that I call “the spirit of small and the power of scale.” Whether competing
in different geographies or different businesses, our general managers have clear accountability for business units that are now small enough to focus on meeting the very different needs of the unique customers they serve. Similarly, the Chief Scientific Officers of our research units lead small groups of scientists focused
on specific therapeutic or technology areas. In each of these cases, accountability and authority are clear.
At the same time they are backed by Pfizer’s global scale and resources—providing a level of efficiency
and other advantages that they could not achieve on their own.
   20

   In the last year, this approach produced results that are hard to imagine happening at Pfizer, even two or three years ago.
• We joined forces with GlaxoSmithKline to create ViiV Healthcare, a separate company that brings together the industry’s best assets in combating HIV/AIDS.
• By empowering our Established Products business to move quickly, we beat out competitors to collaborate with Protalix in developing an orphan drug to
treat Gaucher’s disease. The Protalix partnership represents Pfizer’s first entry in the biosimilar drug market.
• We entered into major licensing agreements with three India-based pharmaceutical companies— Aurobindo Pharma Ltd., Claris Lifesciences Ltd. and Strides Arcolab—that add new non-Pfizer products to our portfolio, enhancing the availability of medicines to underserved people around the world.
• We formed a partnership with Bausch & Lomb,
a leading global supplier of eye care treatments, in which both companies will promote each other’s prescription ophthalmic products, allowing each of us to extend our level of support to eye care professionals.
• We created the industry’s first Regenerative Medicine Unit to harness the potential of stem cells. This scientific team is less than 2 years old and it already plans to start clinical studies this year—an achievement that would not be possible without combining our willingness to empower them to move at their own speed with our experience and scale in regulatory strategy, policy and pharmaceutical sciences.
• We joined forces with Eli Lilly and Merck to establish the Asian Cancer Research Group, an independent, not-for-profit company. Its goal is to improve the knowledge of cancers prevalent in Asia and to accelerate drug discovery efforts by sharing the resulting data with the scientific community.
• We joined with Private Access, an innovator in privacy-enhanced search technology, to increase recruitment into clinical trials by creating the first online community to address privacy concerns, by giving participants full control over the amount and type of information they share with researchers.
• We developed CUE, an integrated, multichannel, closed loop marketing system designed to provide customized information to physicians and health care providers based on their unique needs. Pfizer’s scale allowed us to make this important investment across business units and ensure a consistent experience for U.S. physicians and other health care providers, while tailoring content to ensure those important customers have the information they need to make important prescribing decisions.
Advancing Science
As I stated earlier, science remains at the center of
who we are at Pfizer. As we’ve been changing the company, we’ve also reflected the changing science
of biopharmaceutical research, which is taking many promising directions. Historically, companies like ours have primarily focused on new medicines based on chemical compounds, and we will continue to build
on our strengths in this critical area. But we are also increasing our investment in research that seeks new medicines and vaccines that are made of protein-based biological molecules.
In order to do so, we charted a unique course in 2009, by creating two distinct research organizations, PharmaTherapeutics R&D and BioTherapeutics R&D. Within these two groups, world-class Chief Scientific Officers—advised by specialized panels of independent experts—lead highly targeted scientific teams focused on particular therapeutic areas or technologies.
These teams search for compounds that they believe have the probability of scientific, clinical, technical and regulatory success.
Conferring on these Chief Scientific Officers and their teams the authority and resources to pursue this kind of research matters today more than ever. Medical solutions are within reach for some of the most feared diseases of our time, especially those where the unmet medical need is greatest.
We are especially enthusiastic about our late-stage pipeline, which has 34 new molecular entities and new indications in Phase III. Among the most noteworthy of our ongoing late-stage clinical trials are studies
of potential treatments for rheumatoid arthritis, for Alzheimer’s disease, for the prevention of venous thromboembolism, for lung and breast cancer, for chronic pain indications, for renal cell carcinoma, for chronic myelogenous leukemia and for the use of the breakthrough Prevnar 13 vaccine for adults.
Not every trial will produce the exact results for which we all hope—that’s the nature of drug discovery and development, which is inherently risky. But we are more enthusiastic about our late-stage pipeline than we have been in years.
Reforming Health Care
As I stated earlier, for drug discovery and development to continue, society must sustain and enhance the policy environment that provides incentives for investors like you to support the innovation that our scientists bring to the laboratory every day.
That presents, of course, an increasingly difficult challenge for policymakers as countries around the world struggle with the need to improve the ability of their citizens to obtain quality, affordable health
   21

     OUr PUrPOSE
213
4 5
                             Pfizer’s five-element strategic course, Our Path Forward, integrates the company’s Purpose, Mission, Commitments, Strategies and Values and guides all our decision making. You
can learn more about Our Path Forward on www.pfizer.com.
Working together for a healthier world
OUr MISSIOn
(see page 19)
OUr cOMMITMEnTS
(See page 38)
OUr STraTEgIES
(See page 18)
OUr valUES
Integrity Collaboration Community Customer Focus Leadership Innovation Performance Quality
Respect for People
But, from my point of view, two things were true when this debate started and they remain true now.
First, the U.S. health care system cannot continue on a course in which too many Americans lack access to quality health care at an affordable cost and in which our lack of investment in innovation, prevention and wellness will continue to burden our society with growing and unsustainable costs.
Second, as a major participant in the U.S. health care system, Pfizer has a responsibility to play a leading and constructive role in the ongoing reform of that system.
I can assure you that we will continue to do so.
Leadership Brings Responsibility
Of course, the responsibility that comes with leadership takes many forms. Last year, we resolved allegations
of past off-label promotional practices and paid a significant fine as a result. This was a blow to all of
us at Pfizer because it didn’t reflect the company that we know.
To move forward, we have taken substantial measures that further strengthen our internal controls and that pioneer new procedures designed to prevent, detect and correct any future problems. These include requiring additional training for our colleagues and leaders, instituting new and advanced monitoring systems and giving greater authority to our Chief Compliance Officer.
     care—while they deal with escalating deficits which,
in turn, are often substantially affected by increasing health care costs. This challenge will grow even more acute in many parts of the world as fewer active workers generate the revenue to pay for health care and other social benefits that larger numbers of retired people will need and demand.
At Pfizer, we know we must participate constructively in addressing this critical societal challenge. In particular, we have a responsibility to be a leading
voice in support of improving everyone’s ability to have reliable and affordable health care while maintaining
a policy structure in which the search for new cures and treatments can continue.
So, as we promote policies that advance innovation, we work actively in partnership with governments
and nongovernmental organizations to expand
access to quality care in every part of the world. And we’ve redoubled our efforts in the face of the weak global economy.
In the U.S., Pfizer has been a consistent advocate for the right kind of health care reform from the beginning of the current debate. We’ve been clear and consistent about our principles—improve access to quality, affordable care; preserve the doctor/patient relationship; invest in prevention and wellness; and promote medical innovation.
The debate in the U.S. over the last year was difficult for the country in many ways, and the outcome remains controversial.
   22

   People expect us to respect and support their communities, to act ethically, to practice environmental stewardship and to support responsible public policies. That’s why we have committed to using our global presence and scale to make a difference in local communities and the world around us. Throughout this report, you can see many examples—from the Global Health Fellows, to MAINTAIN, our program that helps people in the U.S. keep getting the Pfizer medicines they need even after losing their jobs and health insurance, to our long-term agreement to supply Prevenar 13 to the world’s poorest countries—of how Pfizer is striving to meet our responsibilities as a global leader.
In everything we do, we are committed to earning the trust of the people we serve. Every employee, every leader and every Director of Pfizer is responsible for helping us do this. One way we work to earn trust is by attracting leaders known for their integrity.
Over the past three years, we’ve substantially enhanced our leadership at all levels, through internal promotions and by hiring people from inside and outside the industry. We added two outstanding Wyeth executives to our Executive Leadership Team (ELT): Cavan Redmond, who leads Pfizer Diversified Businesses, and Mikael Dolsten, who leads the BioTherapeutics Research and Development Group. We also added Freda Lewis-Hall, a premier physician, researcher and biopharmaceutical executive, as Chief Medical Officer. In addition, we brought in other leaders from outside Pfizer. Some have joined from competitor companies, while others have joined us from groups ranging
from major research universities, to FasterCures, to
the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Center, to world-class companies outside our industry.
We also have a member of the ELT retiring this April—Bill Ringo, who leads our Worldwide Business Development, Strategy and Innovation teams. After retiring from Eli Lilly, Bill joined Pfizer two years ago and has helped diversify our portfolio through the Wyeth acquisition. He has also connected the company more closely with expanding opportunities in biotechnology. I would like to thank Bill for his wise counsel and his important contributions to the changes that we have made in the last two years.
The Board of Directors has elected Kristin Peck to take over Bill’s responsibilities and join the ELT. She has been a Pfizer colleague for several years, and
most recently helped lead Worldwide Strategy and Innovation. The Board has also elected Doug Lankler, our Chief Compliance Officer, to the ELT. Doug leads our Corporate Compliance functions. His election reflects Pfizer’s continued commitment to integrity and the seriousness with which the Board and I take all issues of compliance.
We are fortunate to have a Board of Directors that
is deeply committed to integrity and ethical leadership. Two distinguished members joined us late in 2009, after serving on Wyeth’s Board. Dr. Frances D. Fergusson served as President of Vassar College for 20 years, and John P. Mascotte served as CEO of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas City.
I want to thank Dr. Dana G. Mead, who is retiring in April after 12 years on our Board. Dana’s keen insight and broad experience have been tremendous assets to Pfizer. He entered business after a long career in the military, where he was the youngest colonel in the
U.S. Army. He was an executive at International Paper before becoming Chairman and CEO of Tenneco in the 1990s. Since 2003, he has served as Chairman of the MIT Corporation. I am grateful to Dana and to all of our Board members for their strong oversight and wise counsel.
Our Path Forward: The Next Step
As I discussed earlier in this letter, we launched Our Path Forward at the beginning of 2008 to describe where Pfizer stood, where we wanted to go, and our plans for getting there. Since then, Our Path Forward has guided the way Pfizer operates.
Now, Pfizer takes the next step on Our Path Forward. We do so as a much more diversified company, uniquely positioned to apply science and our global reach to improve health and well-being at every stage of life. Having built a track record of keeping our commitments, we can now ask ourselves: How can we serve the world’s health needs like no other company?
This report sets out for you some of the ways we are doing that and will do that. As you will see, Pfizer is now much more than the sum of its parts.
All of us at your company are moving forward with clear goals, meaningful accountability and a passion for our work. We know we have much to do in the years ahead, and we know you have significant expectations of us. We will deliver.
Sincerely,
Jeff Kindler
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer March 25, 2010
    23
