to our shareholders
We’ve all read the 2008 headlines: Unprecedented market conditions. Irrational market behavior. Economic volatility. Fear and uncertainty.
Times have been tough.
And if all we had to go on were those headlines, the outlook for financial services companies in 2009 would indeed be grim. But as we’ve learned time and again, throughout nearly 130 years in business, there’s always more to the story.
When you dig deeper at the Principal Financial Group® (The Principal®), you find that despite the very real concerns in the global economy and in our industry, and despite the continuing ripple effects of poor equity markets, the fundamentals of our company are solid. Just as they have been through more than a dozen recessions since 1879 when our company was founded.
Strong fundamentals are what we’re made of: Perspective. Diversification. Discipline. Commitment.
These fundamentals have carried us through before. They’ll carry us through again.
Case in point: In 2008, poor equity markets and a highly difficult business climate drove an 8 percent drop in our operating earnings per share. Reflecting fear in the marketplace around financial services companies broadly, our stock price declined significantly.
While challenges clearly continue in this environment, key performance measures remained strong in 2008 and bode well for our future:
n Sales of our three key U.S. retirement and investment
products (Full Service Accumulation, Principal Funds and Individual Annuities) were outstanding, despite a difficult sales environment, with $21.1 billion combined sales in 2008, compared to a record $21.7 billion
for 2007.
n Our three asset management and accumulation
segments had record deposits of $112 billion.
n We saw record net cash flows for the Full Service
Accumulation and Individual Annuities businesses,
which improved 17 percent and 38 percent, respectively. n In a year when the S&P 500 Index declined 38 percent,
by comparison our total company assets under management declined 21 percent. Importantly, since becoming a public company in 2001, our assets under management have increased more than 150 percent.
Also key to our future success:
n All of us at The Principal remain completely
committed to living our core values of customer focus, people development, financial strength, operational excellence and integrity. These values guide our every move, in good times and bad.
n Our capital and liquidity positions remain strong. We maintain very strong financial strength ratings from all four rating agencies; these ratings help reassure our customers that we can meet obligations.
n Customer retention and client/adviser satisfaction levels remain high.
n For the seventh consecutive year, we were named one 20 of FORTUNE magazine’s 100 Best Companies to
Work For, ranking #17 on this prestigious list.
 2 The Principal Financial Group | Letter to Shareholders

  Chairman of the Board Barry Griswell (upper left) and President and
CEO Larry Zimpleman (center) remain committed to sharing information and soliciting input from stakeholders such as these employees.
2008 Year in Review | Letter to Shareholders 3

All of us At the PrinciPAl remAin comPletely committed to living our core vAlues of customer focus, PeoPle develoPment, finAnciAl strength, oPerAtionAl excellence And integrity. these vAlues guide our every move, in good times And bAd.
Sticking to our fundamentals—relying on them to guide our actions and decisions—is paying off. Here’s how:
Perspective. While it’s the short-term pain that’s taken center stage these past few months, we all must maintain a long-term view. This is advice we’ve imparted to our customers for more than a century; it’s also how we run our business.
Our long-term view is rooted in our business model: n Our focus on meeting the needs of growing
businesses and their employees provides us stability. According to 2008 estimates, small to medium- sized businesses account for 99 percent of all U.S. companies. We’re deeply rooted in this market;
our customer base includes more than 100,000
employers and millions of workers.
n Investment in our three key growth engines continues
to reap rewards. U.S. Asset Accumulation, Global Asset Management and Principal International continue to provide a strong foundation for
The Principal. These businesses require very little capital to support organic growth, so we generate substantial free cash flows on an ongoing basis.
n We’re leveraging our U.S. experience in providing much-needed savings and retirement solutions
for growing middle-class populations in emerging markets. Principal International is focused on growing its business in Brazil, China and India, for instance, which will account for the majority of the world’s population growth in the next 10 to 20 years.
Diversification. The past year demonstrated that our diverse product lines not only complement each other but also strengthen The Principal overall. In a year
when earnings were down in our retirement business due to equity market declines, for instance, our Life and Health Insurance segment showed strong earnings growth, and Principal International enjoyed record revenues and earnings.
In addition, the breadth of our product offerings for growing businesses and their employees is unrivaled. From retirement, annuities, mutual funds and banking products to life, health, dental and disability insurance, wellness programs and executive benefit solutions, we offer more ways for growing businesses to provide financial security for their employees.
Our customers clearly appreciate these options: two-thirds of our employer sales result in a multiple product relationship.
Diversification of both investment type and client base paid off for Principal Global Investors in 2008. While new business in 2007 was predominantly
real estate and multi-sector fixed income from U.S. clients, new business in 2008 was predominantly international/global equities from an increasing number of clients outside the United States.
Discipline. Discipline is important in good times,
and it’s critical when challenges arise. In 2008, our disciplined approach to managing our business helped us address key concerns as pressures mounted. For instance, with tremendous help from our employees in fourth quarter 2008, we decreased total company operating expenses by $63.5 million compared to fourth quarter 2007.
 4 The Principal Financial Group | Letter to Shareholders

In addition, disciplined risk management helped us minimize exposure to certain problematic areas:
n We discontinued our commercial mortgage securities
issuance operation, reducing the inventory from $1.7 billion at the beginning of 2008 to $20 million at year-end, with minimal losses.
n We purposely limited the size of our variable annuities with living benefits business, an area that’s strained capital for a number of peers.
And while there’s no way to avoid some losses in a portfolio our size, it’s important to note that our investment portfolio is high-quality and well- diversified by industry, geography, property type
and individual borrower. Like others in the life insurance and retirement sectors, our liabilities tend to be longer-term and more predictable in nature.
We manage our investment portfolio to match these liabilities. This long-term approach combined with our discipline and strong liquidity means we have the ability and intent to hold assets to maturity.
Commitment. As champions of financial security, we’re committed to giving our customers an edge. Since we launched our worksite solutions in 2005, we’ve made personal financial assistance available
to more than 420,000 employees at nearly 2,000 companies across the United States. We’re heartened to see that meetings are on the rise, a clear sign that individuals are looking for assistance as they take action to protect their investments.
We continue to enthusiastically embrace the important role advisers play in our business. We share a common goal with advisers: to simplify financial decisions for businesses and individuals so they take action to secure their financial futures. We’ve continued to partner with them throughout 2008 to make sure they and their clients have the information they need to make smart decisions. In the December 2008 PlanAdviser Defined Contribution survey, we were recognized as a top five provider for adviser post-sale support, adviser sales and marketing support and adviser fee structure.
These fundamentals are helping us remain strong now and serving us well as we look to the future.
We hope the future is brighter for all of us. If that’s to be the case, it’s clear changes are needed. Coordinated regulation of all financial products. Comprehensive
and meaningful disclosure to ensure full transparency. We have stepped forward to help shape those changes, representing the more than 19 million customers we serve. Your voices and our expertise can be part of the solution.
Finally, we’d be remiss if we left out the most important thing we’re made of...
n Loyal customers who have reached out to us and to
their advisers for help securing their financial futures n Talented employees who have rallied around
The Principal and who continue to offer customers
education, assistance and a sympathetic ear
n Dedicated advisers who are working tirelessly to provide
their customers the best guidance in this critical time n Seasoned leaders, including a senior management team that boasts an average 27.5 years of industry experience
n Committed shareholders who have invested in our company for the long-term, confident in our ability to face the current challenges head on and emerge stronger
We’re made of all of you. And we’re grateful to each of you.
As always, your opinions are important to us; we hope you will continue to share your questions, comments and concerns. And please be sure to cast your vote in time for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders, May 19, 2009.
  J. Barry Griswell CHAIRMAn OF THE
BOARD
 Larry Zimpleman PRESIDEnT AnD CHIEF
ExECUTIvE
OFFICER
2008 Year in Review | Letter to Shareholders 5
