DEAR SHAREHOLDER
At this time of year, when we reflect on our company’s annual performance, it gives us an opportunity to “take stock” of where we stand and where we’re going as
a company. We have never been more proud of our associates in keeping this company moving forward.
Recently, in March of 2004, our President and CEO, Michael Gray, stepped down. With this change, I have moved back into the CEO role. I previously served as the Company’s CEO from its inception
in 1987 until 2001. On behalf of
Performance Food Group, I want to
take this opportunity to thank Michael
for his many years of outstanding
service to our company and its
predecessor. I will miss working with
Michael, and I wish him the best.
This year has certainly challenged
us to go the extra mile, and that’s
exactly what we are doing — thanks
to our associates, customers, and
suppliers. We are confident in this
management team. We are confident
that we will overcome the challenges
we faced in 2003. And, we are excited
about the future of our company. We
believe that Performance Food Group has all the right ingredients in place to continue our success, and we are proud to share with you our accomplishments for this past year.
A RECORD OF HEALTHY
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
In 2003, we achieved record financial results. Although we did not achieve all of our goals, we again produced increases in annual net sales and earnings — in total, nine consecutive years. In addition, we increased sales in all of our divisions. This performance is the result of strategies that are directly in line with the needs of our customers — the need for high quality products and outstanding customer service.
With today’s hectic lifestyles, consumers are seeking fresh, high quality, and convenient
meals — whether dining out or in their homes. Customers have rewarded us by continuing to purchase our products at leading restaurants, hotels, and local grocery stores.
Performance Food Group is one of the nation’s leading foodservice distributors and the industry’s lead- ing fresh-cut produce processor. In fact, Performance Food Group is synonymous with high quality and convenient food and food-related products, a trend that
simply makes sense and fits the con- sumer’s growing needs. To meet this ever-increasing demand, our suppliers work hand-in-hand with our distribution networks to deliver products that are excellent in quality and competitively priced. It is this simple fact that is at the heart of our company, and upon which we will continue to build our long-term growth.
A STRATEGY THAT WORKS IN
A CHANGING ENVIRONMENT The foundation of our business strategy is focused on future growth in sales, earnings, and return on capital. We
are fortunate to be in an industry that offers boundless opportunities. We are facing our challenges head-on, as we do every year. Together, we feel, we have the right ingredients to carry our company forward with confidence and strength.
To further increase our ability to perform with speed and accuracy in serving our consumers’ needs, we have made a significant investment in bolstering our informa- tion technology capabilities throughout all divisions of our company. Technology has, and will continue to be, a major emphasis at Performance Food Group.
We have examined our product line in the Fresh-cut division of our business and identified areas of strongest potential growth in the consumer marketplace. We have matched these areas with innovative new products, cre- ating new opportunities to serve the consumer’s evolving tastes. In addition to our well-known fresh, ready-to-eat
  “I feel fortunate to be surrounded by a strong leadership team and a dedicated group of associates.
I am confident that our strategic direction is sound.”
Bob Sledd,
Chairman, President and CEO
2

 packaged salads, we are offering and developing a variety of vegetable and fruit products for both our retail and foodservice customers. In retail, our products include such innovative offerings as Blends Plus, organic blends and other tender leaf products. In foodservice, we have been successful with products such as the new premium salads and fresh fruit selections for quick-serv- ice restaurants. In fact, demand for tender leaf salads has been so great that we have stepped-up our innova- tive tender-leaf processing technology and equipment implementation to meet this increased customer need.
We have also bolstered our distribution capabilities in both our Customized and Broadline divisions. This investment in facilities and infrastructure continues into 2004, enabling us to serve our customers more effi- ciently than ever before. We recently announced the groundbreaking of a new Customized warehouse in Indiana, and we have increased warehouse space in our Maryland facility. Sales in both divisions increased significantly in 2003 — 27% for Broadline and 28% for Customized as compared to the year previous.
Of course, machines and buildings are only a
part of what we have to offer. It is people that truly set us apart, and during 2003 we added and promoted individuals of exceptional talent and experience in every area of our company. We believe that today’s Perfor- mance Food Group is stronger, more capable, innova- tive and able to serve our customers’ requirements than we have ever been. These are truly exciting times here, and we thank you for taking part in our success.
VALUES THAT TRANSCEND
DOLLARS AND CENTS
We feel that Performance Food Group offers a blend of the right people, products and technology. The values of honesty, integrity and customer satisfaction are at the core of our company, and our team demonstrates them daily.
Over the past two years, many of these values came into question in corporate America, resulting in new corporate governance processes known as the Sarbanes-Oxley legislation. In short, this legislation
called for reforms and controls that would protect and level the playing field for investors. We wholeheartedly endorse these changes, and are committed to meeting or exceeding these reform standards.
A COMPANY WITH ALL THE RIGHT INGREDIENTS IN PLACE
In this annual report, we want you to meet some of
our associates. Each of them demonstrates that there’s a lot more to our company than just bricks and mortar. Performance Food Group is a strong, vibrant company, due in large measure to the culture of superior service that is fueled by our associates. They are driven to help make us the best in the business.
This past year, the media has also recognized our drive. We are in the ranks of the Fortune 500 and were again recognized on Fortune Magazine’s “Most Admired Companies” list, ranking second in our indus- try. We were honored to be named again to Fortune’s “Top 100 Fastest Growing” list. Other company honors included being named for a third year to the Forbes Platinum 400 and ranked among Barron’s top 500 U.S. firms. We pledge to do everything in our power
to build on our solid record of performance for the benefit of all our shareholders, including our associates.
We can confidently assure you that with all the right ingredients in place, we will continue to grow upon our strengths of today to meet the challenges and opportunities of tomorrow. We truly believe the future is bright for this company, its associates and shareholders. We hope you share our enthusiasm, and we thank you for your continued trust in us. We will work diligently to be worthy of it.
Robert C. Sledd
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 3
