 Brought to you by Global Reports
02/03
 FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS Broadline FoodServ
  re
We have modeled Performance Food Group’s annual report this year around our marketing theme for 2002 of "Going to Extremes." Certainly, our financial results for 2001 present an appropriate backdrop for that message. Our results were aided by incremental contributions from acquisitions, but solid internal gains in each of our business segments provided the underlying momentum behind the Company’s record net sales of $3.2 billion and net earnings of $1.03 per diluted share. Our decision to select this theme, however, was based on more than just the outstanding performance that is highlighted on the facing page. We wanted to emphasize that regardless of how clearly we define our growth strategy, our success depends on the enthusiasm and dedication of each of our 8,400 associates. We have the extremely
good fortune to be in the foodservice industry where demand is relatively unaffected by the general economy and which has the resilience to withstand even such unprecedented and tragic events as the attacks of September 11, 2001. This is an industry that has experienced steadily increasing demand for more than three decades, and the industry forecast appears to be for continued growth each year in spending on meals prepared away from our homes. The challenge is that many other companies have experienced these same trends, and we face strong competition in each area in which we operate.
Leadership in the foodservice distribution industry demands real commitment! It requires an eagerness to do more than is required; to reach out
 01AR
  In distributing perishable food pro that require refrigeration, rigid qu assurance standards are imperativ Eric Birmingham of PFG-Lester wor with a team of over 100 other professionals to ensure that the 3 pounds of fresh produce and other perishables they ship weekly meet customer’s expectations. Auditin separate coolers encompassing 30 square feet, Eric also oversees th inspection of each incoming shipm well. He applies himself to these important tasks with a commitme work ethic that has set a high sta for the entire Perishables Expert T
     PFGC
F
d a
0
g e
n n
Eric Birmingham, QUALITY ASSURANCE PFG-Lester Lebanon, Tennessee

  Brought to you by Global Reports
istribution
"We just wanted to help," is Stan Revelle’s explanation for his extraordinary efforts in responding to the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon. From the day of the incidents until the rescue was formally ended, Stan worked tirelessly with customers in coordinating deliveries of donated items that helped provide as many as 14,000 meals daily to workers in New York City. He personally accompanied some of the trucks delivering up to 40,000 pounds of products per day. This work was in addition to his ongoing responsibilities of managing the Company’s newest customized distribution center from which deliveries flow regularly to some of the top casual-theme restaurants in a 15-state northeast region.
   StanRevelle, MANAGER
    PFG-Customized/Maryland
 Elkton, Maryland
 24:7
for new ways to do one’s job and to meet high goals and standards. We encourage you to review the management’s discussion and analysis section later in this report which analyzes the factors influencing our financial results. This letter instead is intended to relate what we are doing for each of our major stakeholders - our customers, suppliers, associates and shareholders - to enable us to achieve the ambitious objectives that we have set for Performance Food Group.
CUSTOMER SERVICE REMAINS PRIMARY GOAL
Competition in the foodservice distribution business has always demanded close attention to the promptness of each delivery, the completeness of each order and the value of additional services that we can provide. To be successful in this environment, one must firmly fix customer satisfaction at the heart of any business plan. We were listening to our customers long before this concept became popular among business consultants and regard it as an essential reason why we have been able to achieve such a solid, long-term record of growth.
  D
01AR
PFGC

 Brought to you by Global Reports
04/05
Distribution
service
 dline FoodService
Foods USA is the professional
management of over 100
independent distributor food
shows and incentive travel
programs that link distributors to
over 600 foodservice vendors who
use Pocahontas as their marketing
arm. Brenda McPeak and the
other members of the Events
Unlimited team are recognized
throughout the foodservice
industry for the personal touch
they apply to every event. No
travel detail is too small. No
request is too unreasonable.
Perhaps most importantly, they
wrap their professionalism with a
One of the important marketing
01AR
  services provided by Pocahontas
Customized Food
warmth and hospitality that makes
everyone feel special.
  PFGC
   Distribution
We work hard to build long-term partnerships with every customer by delivering consistently high value. Value is a concept that is easy to express but often hard to define. Price is naturally an important aspect of value, and we continually strive to increase efficiency and contain operating expenses. At the same time, a low price without high quality products and dependable service means little to customers who depend on us to provide the foodservice products that are demanded by the consumers entering their restaurants or retail grocery stores.
Using sophisticated information systems is imperative to ensure the efficient ordering, receiving, warehousing and delivery of all the products we distribute. During 2001, we continued the installation of our proprietary Foodstar system at each of our existing broadline locations. This software allows customers to place orders electronically and provides purchasing and inventory information across our business units. During 2002, we will have this data categorized under standard product descriptions that should reduce stocking units and aid our procurement strength with suppliers. Our other technology-based initiatives include using wireless warehouse management systems to improve productivity and reduce errors, and maintaining an Internet-based system that customers can use to access information about our products, place orders and check their accounts.
    a
BrendaMcPeak, SENIORVICEPRESIDENT Pocahontas Foods Richmond, Virginia

Brought to you by Global Reports
 Fre
SUPPLIER RELATIONSHIPS VITAL TO SUCCESS
As a distributor, our relationships with suppliers are vital to our profitability and progress. We obtain our products from an extremely diversified base, ranging from the nation’s largest consumer products companies to small, regional
manufacturers and marketers of specialty foodservice
items.
Our fresh-cut segment provides an interesting insight into the working partnerships that we like to form with suppliers throughout Performance Food Group. Our Fresh Express and Redi-Cut units work with leading produce growers throughout the country.
We provide the growers with advance orders and indications of future demand that allow them to plan their crops and harvests. We use contracts to help ensure that we can meet our customers’ needs and, at the same time, to minimize fluctuations in commodity costs that are subject to natural forces that cannot be
predicted. We also work with these growers in developing new
processes and techniques that improve efficiency throughout
the entire supply chain. We have been successful in increasing crop yields by
helping to develop proprietary seed varieties and new planting
techniques and in raising processing efficiency by encouraging different
  W. Coby FitzHugh, VICE-PRESIDENT, BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
    PFG-Virginia Foodservice Group
Richmond, Virginia
 The sales person is the most important link between a broadline distributor and its customers. Cob Fitzhugh effectively serves as the manager of business development for PFG-Virginia Foodservice Group. His responsibilities lie in helping communicate the needs of new customers to the Company and at the same time, helping customers understand what is needed from them to ensure superior service. Much of Coby’s skills stem from his experience. This year, 2002, will mark his 25th year service to the Company’s customers.
01AR
PFGC
 y
,

Brought to you by Global Reports
06/07
 Fre
in-field processes. Underlying all of these efforts is a concern for maintaining the highest product quality standards.
Our increasing volume of specialty brands of foodservice items serves as another good example of the extensive relationships we establish with suppliers. Our marketing area handles over 16,000 products sold under our proprietary brands including AFFLAB, Brilliance, Empire’s Treasure, First Mark,
Gourmet Table, HealthyUSA, Pocahontas, Premium Recipe, Raffinato, Village Garden and West Creek. The
breadth of our
offerings enables us to
compete in every price
segment of the industry.
Success with these products,
however, is entirely dependent on
our quality assurance program. We encourage suppliers to work with us in formulating new products and provide written requirements to ensure that all of our products meet or exceed specifications. Proprietary brands
continue to account for an increasing percentage of our broadline business, and our goal is to extend this trend, providing more value to customers and increasing our margins as well.
Broadline FoodServ
    01AR
   An important year such as 2001 that included the completion of three significant acquis
a successful $143 million secondary offering of common stock and the sale of $201 mill
convertible notes can happen only through the talents and hard work of many individuals
Although the Company’s resources are understandably concentrated on its operating unit
Customized Foodservice Distri
corporate staff is vital in achieving noteworthy milestones such as those in 2001. To ha
effective, lean corporate infrastructure, a company must have dedicated individuals such Janet and Hesham at the corporate level who are always willing to do more! Preparing f implementation of a new financial reporting system, completing annual reports, doing da responsibilities – all of these are handled expertly with a genuinely enthusiastic attitude
  PFGC
 i i
o y
Hesham Hakki, TREASURY ANALYST, Janet Aigner, ASSISTANT CONTROLLER PFG-Richmond Richmond, Virginia

 Brought to you by Global Reports
01AR
   PFGC
 CONTINUOUS PERSONNEL ADVANCEMENT ENCOURAGED
We speak very seriously about employee empowerment. We earnestly strive to provide educational and other resources to enable associates to expand their personal resources to the fullest. We have begun the third class of executive development at Performance Academy, a structured program for leadership development at Kenan- Flagler Business School at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. This program is designed to provide an understanding of business leadership and equip individuals to anticipate and manage change. We have expanded the function of Performance Academy to serve as the masthead for a variety of training and educational programs with courses conducted on virtually a continuous basis during the year.
n
Our philosophy has always been to operate with a very "flat" structure with a corporate staff focused on helping each operating company succeed. Having a decentralized organization challenges each person to perform his or her duties well, and we have accordingly attracted individuals desiring an incentive-based system that rewards meeting ambitious, but realistic, goals. Our Employee Stock Ownership Plan and other stock-based incentive
      Distribution
Going to Extremes
"My efficiency depends on every one of the links in my team," remarks Kim Pham who, since August 2001, has served as QA Supervisor at the Redi-Cut processing facility at Carrollton, GA. Starting as a QA technician, her outstanding performance included training an entire second shift and managing that shift in addition to the regular QA team she heads. Her attitude is one of accepting new responsibilities willingly, with a clear sense that our success can be assured only if we consistently deliver the highest quality products to our customers.
Customized Foodservice Distri
 o
KimPham, QASUPERVISOR Redi-Cut Carrollton, Georgia

 08/09
programs encourage all associates to act as owners when making decisions and promotes a team environment.
We believe that having a decentralized organization, a high regard for the resources of our operating units and a common strategic focus have been keys to our long-term record of successful acquisitions. Our practice has been to use our financial resources to complete complementary, accretive acquisitions that increase our penetration into the foodservice distribution market. During 2001, this effort included adding Fresh Express to our fresh-cut segment and the additions of Springfield Foodservice and Empire Seafood to our broadline operations. Our acquisition strategy has focused on well-run businesses with proven operating results. Our practice has been to support these individual corporate teams and enhance their potential for future gains. We are continuing to work to capture logical
24: Broa
   Brought to you by Global Reports
LynnWaters, NATIONALACC
  PFG-Milton’s
Atlanta, G
 Broadline distributors such as Milton’s serve individual rest and foodservice providers as units of national restaurant c their service regions. One of steps in ensuring reliable serv these units is coordinating in with planned promotions and needs. Lynn Waters stepped i responsibility with a contagio energy and team approach th made her a true leader. She true can-do philosophy to solv problem that may arise. Cust see her as a true ally, and oth broadline units within the Co frequently solicit her counsel to reach the all-important goa customer satisfaction.
   7 d
a w h
v s
u a h
o m
 PFGC

  Brought to you by Global Reports
Fo
   synergies, such as procurement advantages with suppliers, and to implement common information systems within each segment.
2001 INCLUDED 2-FOR-1 STOCK SPLIT
Translating our corporate growth into long-term price appreciation in our share price is a key goal we share not only with our public investors but also with the employees who own shares through the Company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan. We were pleased that investors’ recognition of our past record and prospects for continued expansion allowed the Board of Directors to declare a 2-for-1 stock split in 2001. This marked the second stock split since the Company became publicly held. We believe that the additional shares outstanding from this split will benefit shareholders by increasing the trading volume and therefore the liquidity of positions in our shares. Our increased market capitalization is also attracting additional interest from new investors.
Our financial goals include complementing our operational growth by expanding our capital resources and ensuring that we maintain a prudent financial structure. During the fourth quarter of 2001, we raised an additional $143 million in new equity capital by selling 5.8 million common shares in an offering that included several major institutions as new shareholders. We simultaneously sold $201 million in convertible notes, which demonstrated the enhanced flexibility we have
to fund future opportunities. The combined proceeds of these offerings were used to fund the acquisition of Fresh Express and to repay some of our borrowings.
RECORD SALES AND EARNINGS EXPECTED IN 2002
We are optimistic about extending our record of growth in 2002 and expect to end the year with new records in revenues and net earnings. The full-year inclusion of Fresh Express, Springfield Foodservice and Empire Seafood will aid our progress, and we expect internal gains from each of our operating segments. We are certainly mindful of the uncertainty in the overall economy and are continually emphasizing the importance of containing expenses.
We end this letter on the same note that we began; namely, a sincere thanks to our associates who made our growth targets for 2001 a reality. We appreciate the extremes you have gone to for our customers and are confident that your energies will lead to continued success for Performance Food Group.
Sincerely,
Robert C. Sledd
Chairman
C. Michael Gray
President and Chief Executive Officer
  