 To Our Shareholders:
When we began the 2000/2001 fiscal year, Job One was getting P&G’s business back on track and growing again.
We have refocused on our biggest, and fastest growing brands, in
our biggest markets, with our leading customers. We’ve strengthened the value of our brands for consumers. We’ve made strategic choices about which businesses P&G should be in, and which it should not. And we’ve improved P&G’s competitiveness by controlling costs and managing cash more effectively. We believe these are the choices that will deliver superior Total Shareholder Return, which is the key measure of our progress and our underlying commitment to P&G shareholders.
Making Progress
We’ve made progress, although there’s more to do.
• Sales were $39.2 billion, down slightly from last year but up 2% excluding the effects of unfavorable exchange rates.
• Net earnings were $2.9 billion. Core net earnings, which exclude restructuring charges, were $4.4 billion – up 4% -- while earnings per share were $3.12, up 6%.
• Business trends improved during the year. Fourth quarter unit volumes grew 3% and we made significant progress on costs, delivering core operating income growth of 12%.
• Operating cash flow increased over $1 billion.
Progress in the U.S. – our largest market – is particularly encouraging. A year ago, only three of our top 10 U.S. brands were growing
share; at the end of the 2000/2001 fiscal year, eight of 10 were growing share.
This progress isn’t limited to the U.S.
• In Latin America, 3% volume growth drove earnings to record levels.
• Profits rebounded in China during the year and market shares are now growing broadly.
• Elsewhere in Asia, we grew volume in virtually every country; in the Philippines, for example, our Fabric and Home Care business turned in an exceptional year with record volume and profits while regaining volume-share leadership for the past six months.
• In Central and Eastern Europe, Russia bounced back from the 1998 economic and currency crises: volume, sales and market shares are all rebounding with solid profits.
While we are pleased with this progress, we know we still have a lot of hard work ahead of us. Diapers and Feminine Protection – both of which are core,
A. G. Lafley and John E. Pepper
P&G’s Billion Dollar Brands
In 2000/2001, Iams joined P&G’s “Billion Dollar Club.” The Company now has 11 brands with more than a billion dollars in sales.
   
  TWO
   multi-billion-dollar businesses -- are not performing
satisfactorily. Western Europe – our second
largest market –
also lags expectations. We have improvements planned for
each of these businesses.
Getting Competitive
Cost competitiveness improved.
• We reduced P&G’s overhead costs in 2000/2001 for the first time in five years.
• We reduced marketing spending in 2000/2001 – for the first time in five years.
• We reduced capital spending from 7.6% of sales last fiscal year to 6.3% this year, and revised our goal to 6% of sales by 2002/2003, one year ahead of plan.
We also announced plans to broaden our Organization 2005 restructuring program to drive costs to best-in- class levels, rationalize our manufacturing capacity
and address under-performing businesses. This includes a reduction in force of 9,600 jobs, in addition to 7,800 remaining from our original Organization 2005 program. We are on track to achieve the nearly $2 billion in savings expected from this program by fiscal year 2004.
Strategic Choices
Last year, we identified the need to make clearer, tougher choices. Again, we’ve made progress.
Here’s where P&G will focus:
1. Build existing core businesses into stronger global leaders. Baby Care, Fabric Care, Feminine Protection and Hair Care are our top-priority core businesses. These are categories in which P&G is #1 in global sales and market share, and where the Company believes it can consistently grow earnings at double-digit rates. Together, these four businesses represent about two-thirds
of P&G sales and an even greater percentage of profit.
2. Grow big brands, big countries, leading customers. With this focus, we intend to grow sales, market shares and profits
at rates that exceed Company averages. We’ll concentrate on our billion-dollar and soon-to-be billion-dollar brands, and on our top customers in our top 10 countries.
3. Develop faster-growing, higher-margin, more asset-efficient businesses with global leadership potential. These are businesses – such as Personal Health Care and Beauty Care – that are high Total Shareholder Return performers. We’ll develop them through internal innovation, as we’re doing with Crest Whitestrips, and through acquisitions and alliances that are in or adjacent to core P&G categories, such as Clairol, which we announced our intention to acquire in May.
4. Regain growth momentum and leadership in Western Europe. We’ll restore P&G leadership in Western Europe by focusing on core categories and on our biggest brands, leading customers, biggest countries.
5. Drive growth in key developing markets.
We expect growth in the coming decade
to come from a balanced mix of developed and developing markets. We’ll win in our high-priority developing markets by tailoring low-income offerings in core
P&G categories.
In all these areas, innovation will continue to be the primary driver of P&G growth. We intend to be the innovation leader in new and established businesses alike, and in both developed and developing markets.
In 2000, for example, P&G had five of the top new U.S. consumer products, as reported in the Information Resources, Inc. (IRI) annual study. Over the past eight years, we have averaged three to four of the top 10 new items each year. In fact, over the last four years, P&G has launched 13 new products in the U.S., each of which has exceeded $100 million in sales – nearly a third of all new consumer products during that time that beat the $100 million mark.

  THREE
   Importantly, P&G innovation doesn’t stop with products. We define innovation broadly, and consistently strive to innovate in every part of the business -- with new business models, such as Reflect.com; new organization models, such as the Global Business Services shared- service organization; and new approaches to consumer and customer marketing. Innovation is a deliberate process at P&G. We organize for it, catalyze it and apply it broadly.
Bottom line: We’re focusing on being the leader in our core categories, with our big brands -- brands that are big today and brands that have the potential to be big tomorrow; we’re taking steps to ensure that P&G brands provide the best consumer value; we’re shifting our mix to categories with higher growth and higher margins; we’re focusing on big countries in both developed and developing markets, and on our leading global customers.
Improving Everyday Life
In all we do, the consumer is boss. We win when we understand consumers better than our competitors. And it’s with that recognition that we have committed ourselves to making P&G the most consumer- driven company in the world.
Our mission as a company is to improve everyone’s quality of life every day, everywhere. We have a relentless quest to be the best – and our dedication to that quest has never been more evident than in the past year. P&G people have risen to the challenges our Company has faced with a sense of pride, resourcefulness and dogged determination.
The spirit of our people is a tremendous driver of our confidence in P&G’s future.
We enter this new fiscal year with renewed dedication to fulfill our mission and to deliver our commitments to you, our fellow owners of Procter & Gamble.
A. G. Lafley
President and Chief Executive August 7, 2001
Chairman of the Board August 7, 2001
MORE THAN
BRA S GREAT L E HIP.
                        P&G BRANDS & PEOPLE MAKING LIFE BETTER
We take our mission seriously. Through P&G brands and people, we are committed to improving the quality of life for consumers around the world. In fact, we want to come through for people when they need help caring for themselves, their families and their homes.
In the pages that follow, we feature three P&G employees –
a scientist from Iams, a Consumer Relations agent from Olay, a marketer from Crest – whose passion made a difference in
the lives of three families. These stories are only an example of how P&G people and products
are helping make life better.
There are literally thousands
of such stories throughout
our Company.
    