 The Procter & Gamble Company
Fellow Shareholders:
We’ve grown P&G sales from $39 billion to $76 billion in the past seven years. We’ve more than doubled the number of brands that generate $1 billion or more in sales each year, and now have 23 of these leading billion-dollar brands in our portfolio. We’ve more than quadrupled the number of brands that generate at least $500 million in sales, and now have 18 of these brands poised to be our next billion-dollar brands. We’ve nearly doubled the number of countries in which P&G generates a billion dollars or more in sales each year, and now have 12 billion- dollar countries. We do more than a billion dollars in sales each year with seven retail customers, up from two in 2001. We’ve generated more than $43 billion in net earnings and $50 billion in free cash flow. P&G’s market capitalization has increased more than $100 billion since 2001, and today the Company is among the ten most valuable companies in the U.S.
The critical question now for P&G shareholders, prospective investors, and Company management is: “How do we keep a company of P&G’s size growing?”
A company must be designed to grow, and we’ve done that at P&G.
We’ve designed a diversified business portfolio to grow consistently and reliably. We’ve designed the core strengths we need to win in our industry. We’ve designed strategic, operational and financial processes that ensure discipline to deliver. And we’ve designed a management team and organization to lead. With clear choices, smart and sufficient investments, and an unwavering focus on the long-term health of our business,
we have designed P&G to meet or exceed its growth targets reliably year after year.
FiScAL 2007 ReSuLtS
2007 was a good example of how P&G’s design for growth works. It was the most demanding year we’ve faced since the beginning of the decade. Energy and commodity costs continued to rise. Competitive pressure intensified. We had to complete the vast majority of work to integrate Gillette. And yet, we continued to grow well within the Company’s target growth range.
• Net sales increased 12%, to $76 billion. Organic sales increased 5%.
Note: An explanation and reconciliation of free cash flow and organic sales for 2007 is provided on pages 47-48.

• Diluted net earnings per share increased 15%, to $3.04.
• Free cash flow from operating activities was $10.5 billion,
or 101% of net earnings.
The growth was broad-based.
• Fabric and Home Care grew organic sales 8%, with double-digit growth in developing markets and mid-single-digit growth in developed regions. Key growth drivers included Tide Simple Pleasures, Gain Joyful Expressions, and Febreze Noticeables.
• Blades and Razors organic sales increased 8%, behind the continued expansion of the Fusion razor system and growth on Mach3 in countries where Fusion has not launched.
• Beauty organic sales increased 5%, led by strong growth in feminine care, prestige fragrances and hair care. Billion-dollar brands Always, Olay, and Head & Shoulders each grew sales double-digits for the year.
• Health Care organic sales increased 6%, driven by very strong growth in oral care. In the U.S., Crest extended its category market leadership to 38% behind the success of the Pro-Health line.
• Baby and Family Care organic sales increased 4%. This growth was driven by continuing expansion into developing markets and strong results on Pampers Baby Stages of Development and Baby Dry Caterpillar Flex products in North America.
Growth was also broad-based across geographic regions, led by mid-single-digit organic volume growth in North America and double-digit organic growth in developing markets.
In addition to solid business growth, we made excellent progress on the integration of Gillette. This was the largest acquisition and the most complex integration in the consumer products industry and in P&G history—and we’re about a year ahead of schedule.
We measure integration success by tracking progress in four areas: business momentum, integration financials, project management, and fielding the best team from both Gillette and P&G.
• Business Momentum. Our fiscal 2007 results demonstrate that we were not distracted by the integration. We delivered sales growth in line with our growth targets behind continuing product innovation and expansion into new markets.
• Integration Financials. The dilution impact on earnings per share was $0.10 to $0.12 per share. This is better than the low end of our guidance range, which was $0.12 to $0.18 per share. The acquisition remains on track and is expected to be neutral to earnings per share in fiscal 2008. We expect cost synergies to be at the top end of the $1 billion to $1.2 billion target range and revenue synergies to be on target at about $750 million next fiscal year.
The Procter & Gamble Company 
 P&G RePoRt cARD
Progress Against P&G’s Goals and Strategies
GRoWth ReSuLtS
Average annual
Organic Sales Growth (1) Earnings-per-Share Growth Free Cash Flow Productivity (3)
Goals 007 001–007 4–6% 5% 6%
10%+ 15% 12%(2) 90%+ 101% 120%
        GRoWth StRAteGieS (2001-2007)
Grow from the core:
Leading Brands, Big Markets, Top Customers
   Volume up 7%, on average, for P&G’s 23 billion- dollar brands (4)
Volume up 8%, on average,
for P&G’s top 16 countries (5)
Volume up 8%, on average,
for P&G’s top 10 retail customers (5)
Develop faster-growing, higher-margin, more asset- efficient businesses
   Beauty sales doubled to
$23 billion; profit more than doubled to
$3.5 billion
Health Care sales more than doubled to
$9 billion; profit increased 6-fold to $1.5 billion
Home Care sales up nearly 85%; profit more than tripled
Accelerate growth in developing markets and among low-income consumers
   Developing market sales up 18% per year
Over one-third of total-company sales growth from developing markets
Developing market profit margins comparable
to developed- market margins
(1) Organic sales exclude the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange, which where were 6%, on average, in 2001-2007.
(2) 2001 EPS excludes a negative $0.61 per share impact from Organization 2005 restructuring program charges and amortization of goodwill and intangible assets.
(3) Free cash flow productivity is the ratio of free cash flow to net earnings.
(4) Excludes the impact of adding newly acquired billion-dollar brands to the portfolio.
(5) Excludes impact of adding Gillette.

4 The Procter & Gamble Company
• Project Management. We completed the integration of
our sales force, distribution networks, and billing systems. Since integration work began, we’ve added more than 50,000 new product codes and 100,000 new shipping points to P&G systems. This enables us to go to market as one company and to fully leverage P&G’s scale.
• Fielding the Best Team. Our management and employee team is comprised of the best of both companies. Several of our key management positions have been filled by Gillette employees, and retention is ahead of the target we established at close. Importantly, our employee survey results indicate that Gillette employees are positive about their integration with P&G.
P&G’S GRoWth chALLenGe
Our performance in fiscal 2007 meets or exceeds the Company’s growth goals, which are:
• Organic sales growth of 4% to 6%
• Diluted net earnings per share growth of 10% or better • Free cash flow productivity of 90% or greater
These growth goals are realistic yet demanding. The categories in which we compete grow about 3% a year. If we maintain market shares—which is always a challenge in our highly competitive industry—we grow along with the categories. But we need another 1% to 3% growth to meet our goals. The only way to achieve this growth is to increase market shares, expand into new geographic markets, and create new brands and categories. And then, of course, we have to turn sales growth into double- digit earnings-per-share growth, which requires consistent margin expansion of 50 to 75 basis points per year.
In addition to the ongoing challenges of sustaining growth,
there are specific challenges in the year ahead. We expect raw material and energy costs to increase again in fiscal 2008, roughly in line with the impact we saw in fiscal 2007. We’ll need to offset these increased costs with a combination of pricing and cost- savings projects. Competitive pressure will also remain a challenge. We compete against some of the best companies in the world. Many have restructured and are spending restructuring savings to regain lost market share, which makes it even more important for us to deliver industry-leading innovation and superior consumer value in every category where we compete.
Sustaining growth despite these challenges is not easy, but we believe the growth we’re targeting is achievable on a consistent, sustainable basis because we have designed P&G to grow reliably and consistently, year after year.
the BeSt PoRtFoLio in the conSumeR PRoDuctS inDuStRy
The first element of P&G’s design is a portfolio that balances growth and consistency.
In the 1990s, two businesses accounted for 85% of all the value created by P&G through the decade. Today, we have a much stronger and more robust portfolio of businesses. We’re competing in 22 categories that include a balanced mix of faster-growing, higher-margin, asset-efficient businesses, such as beauty or home care, and large, foundation categories, such as laundry or baby care.
We also have an attractive geographic mix, with about half
of the Company’s sales coming from North America and half coming from the rest of the world. We’re focusing on achieving disproportionate growth in fast-growing developing markets. These markets have contributed more than a third of the Company’s top-line growth over the past five years, and their contribution has been accelerating. Nearly 40% of P&G’s sales growth came from developing markets this past fiscal year, and we expect the contribution to be even greater in the year ahead.
P&G’s diversified portfolio reduces exposure to single economic and competitive events, and maximizes future growth opportunities. Traditional businesses, like fabric care and baby care, are strong and growing in their own right, and they create scale that
makes our beauty and health care businesses more competitive. Geographically, our North America home base is rock solid, with dependable growth that allows us to invest in developing markets.
In addition, the breadth and diversity of P&G’s businesses and the breadth and diversity of the technological expertise that supports these businesses enable us to transfer technologies from one business to another. For example, Crest Whitestrips was created by combining bleach stabilization technology from laundry care with film technology from corporate R&D to provide in-home teeth whitening. The Swiffer Wet Jet pad combines absorbent cores from feminine care with flexible surface layers from baby care. Olay Daily Facials combines structured paper from family care with skin conditioning and mild cleansing from beauty to provide a mini-facial in the home. Our ability to combine technologies from so many diverse businesses is unrivaled in the industry because no other consumer products company has the scope of science and technology found at P&G.
Our business portfolio is not static. We use operating total shareholder return (TSR) delivered by each business to continuously ensure our portfolio is maximizing shareholder value. TSR is a cash flow return on investment (CFROI) model that measures sales growth, earnings growth and cash flow to determine the rate of return that each business earns. Any business that cannot deliver sales growth at least at the low end of our target range, upper-single-digit or better operating profit

Designed for Growth
Leadership
The most diverse and experienced management team in P&G history
The Procter & Gamble Company 5
 Strengths
Portfolio
The strategic, operational and financial discipline that ensures shareholder value creation
A combination of the strengths required to win in consumer products: consumer understanding, brand-building, innovation, go-to-market capability, and scale
A diversified mix of businesses that reduces exposure to single economic and competitive events, and maximizes future growth opportunities
researchers and entrepreneurs around the world working in areas that are relevant to our business. We’re establishing P&G as the preferred commercialization partner for these external innovators, and it’s making a huge impact. We’re innovating faster, better and more cost effectively as a result of external partnerships. More than half of the new products in our pipeline today include at least one external component.
Our strengthened ability to innovate is most evident in the
net present value of our innovation pipeline and the organic incremental sales growth generated by innovation. Innovation- driven value creation for shareholders and incremental sales growth from innovation have nearly doubled in this same
time period.
These are just two examples of how we have designed an institutional capability to grow. Our core strengths create sustainable competitive advantages, and we are continuing to get stronger in every area.
the DiSciPLine to DeLiveR
The third element of P&G’s design for growth is the disciplined way we manage our business. Discipline is part of P&G’s DNA and we apply it to every aspect of the business: strategic, operational and financial. We set and stick with clear strategies. We do our homework before going to market with new products and ideas, and we sweat the details that determine how well we execute. Most importantly, we focus on shareholder value creation as the primary measure of business and financial performance.
Three examples of P&G’s disciplined approach to value creation are how we manage our innovation portfolio, the way we reliably increase margins, and the approach we’ve taken to ongoing, internally funded restructuring.
growth, and operating TSR well above the cost of capital becomes a candidate for divestiture. Our portfolio is stronger today than it was at the beginning of the decade but it’s not as strong as it will be by the end of the decade. We have more work to do to strengthen our mix of businesses and we will do it.
the StRenGthS RequiReD to Win
The second element of P&G’s design for growth is our combination of core strengths. Early in the decade, we determined that P&G did not have sufficient competitive advantage in the five areas that are critical to winning in consumer products: consumer understanding, brand-building, innovation, go-to-market capability, and scale. We’ve invested substantially in every area, and it’s paying off.
For example, we’ve invested more than a billion dollars in consumer understanding since 2001. We’ve transformed one of the industry’s more traditional market research organizations into a consumer understanding powerhouse. Our external benchmarking indicates that P&G has the industry’s strongest suite of proprietary consumer research tools and methodologies. These tools help us learn faster and more effectively, and they help us discover the often- unarticulated needs and aspirations that lead to breakthrough innovation.
Innovation has always been P&G’s lifeblood, and we’ve created significant advantage in this area. We have best-in-class expertise in about a dozen technology areas that are the foundation for innovation in our industry, including enzymes, perfumes and flavors, polymers, structured substrates, and surfactants.
We’ve multiplied this internal capability through an effort we
call “connect + develop,” which is proving to be an enormous source of innovation and competitive advantage. We have about 8,500 researchers within P&G, but there are another 1.5 million
Discipline

6 The Procter & Gamble Company
About 90% of the Company’s organic sales growth comes from innovation. This means our innovation pipeline must add about $4 billion a year to our top line. To ensure the pipeline is sufficiently robust, we set organic growth goals for each category and business unit. We then look out over five years on a probability- adjusted basis to ensure each business can achieve its goals. Where potential gaps emerge, we drill deep to understand issues and determine which actions to take. By considering market uncertainties and competitive threats in this disciplined way,
we ensure that we have the innovation necessary to meet growth goals reliably year after year.
We also create value by earning higher margins. Since 2001, despite the run-up in commodity and energy costs, we’ve improved operating margins by more than 400 basis points*.
highly disciplined about how we absorb these costs. We fund restructuring costs with a corporate budget rather than launching large, disruptive restructuring programs every few years. Funding restructuring costs this way enables us to make productivity investments on a timely basis, and therefore capture savings sooner. It’s also more transparent for shareholders because it provides a clearer picture of year-to-year financial progress and
is far less confusing than reporting results excluding these costs.
Designing discipline into the way we manage our business is
a critical element of our growth model. Our portfolio and core strengths create the opportunity and capability for growth; discipline ensures we deliver it.
the cAPABiLity to LeAD
The fourth way we’ve designed P&G to grow is by ensuring the caliber and continuity of our leadership team.
Getting the right people into the right jobs at the right time is always a primary responsibility of management. But equally important and more difficult is the need to anticipate leadership capabilities that will be required in the future—and ensuring that managers get the experiences and coaching they need to be ready.
Leadership development has long been a P&G strength. One of the most visible illustrations of our ability to develop strong leaders is the number of former P&G employees who are now CEOs of major companies. Less visible is the rigorous, intentional way we’ve built leadership development into our design for growth.
For example, I’m personally involved in career planning for the top 500 development candidates at P&G. I review their assignment plans, assess their strengths and weaknesses, and determine where I can help them grow. I’m also involved in succession planning for every organization in the Company. We review succession plans and the progress of key leaders with the Board once a year, and with our senior management team three times a year.
This focused and highly disciplined approach is paying off. Today, our leadership team is the most diverse and the most experienced in P&G history. About one-third are from outside the U.S. Our top 45 leaders hail from a dozen countries. The vast majority of senior managers have experience in developed and developing regions. They know how to compete in markets where P&G is not the leader, and they know how to leverage the leadership and scale
of our most developed businesses and markets. Their diversity and experience result in more creative and critical thinking, more innovation, and better choices.
None of the elements of P&G’s design is sufficient on its own to ensure sustainable growth, but together as a unified design, our diversified portfolio, core strengths, rigorous discipline, and strong leaders enable P&G to create and capture opportunities for growth.
P&G oPeRAtinG mARGin tRenD
(percentage) 2007 006 005
004 00
00 001
17.5 15.5
 18.3 18.6 by 460, 240 and 170 basis points in 2001, 2002, and 2003, respectively.
We expect to continue improving margins 50 to 75 basis points per year, on top of the remaining cost synergies from the Gillette acquisition. This should come in the form of increased gross margins and lower overhead costs as a percent of sales.
Reducing overhead costs is simply a matter of management discipline to drive productivity improvement. If we hold overhead growth to half the rate of sales growth, we pick up 25 to 50 basis points of margin improvement per year. This creates the opportunity for more than 200 basis points of operating margin expansion over the next five years.
Three of the most important opportunities for future productivity improvement are in Global Business Services (GBS), Product Supply and Research and Development (R&D). We’ve delivered nearly $400 million in cost savings through GBS and we believe we can achieve another $300 million by the end of the decade as we move more business activities into GBS. In Product Supply, we’re concentrating on applying our purchasing expertise and scale to more segments of our spending pools, which we believe can generate significant savings over the next three years. We’ll also continue to improve R&D productivity by generating more value from our “connect + develop” innovation partnerships and by leveraging innovation productivity technologies such as virtual modeling and simulation tools that take months out of product development programs and greatly reduce the required investments.
Another example of P&G discipline is the way we manage business and organizational restructuring. We accept ongoing restructuring as a routine cost of doing business, and we are
Operating Margin* 20.2 19.4 18.5
 * Excludes the impact of Organization 2005 restructuring charges, which reduced operating margin

rOOM TO GrOW
Opportunities for growth remain substantial in each of our strategic focus areas.
• P&G’s Core. We are widening P&G’s share advantages versus competition. For example, in fabric care, we were the number two player globally in the early 1990s. Today, P&G has a 34% share of the global fabric care market, nearly double the next competitor, and we’ve grown share for six consecutive years. We have a lot of opportunity to keep growing all of P&G’s billion-dollar brands. We’re proving in category after category that a leading share, even a relatively high share, is not a barrier to growth. We will continue to leverage our brand lineup and category-leading innovation to keep core businesses healthy and growing.
• Faster-Growing, Higher-Margin Businesses. We have even greater upside in businesses such as beauty and health care. The beauty and health categories in which P&G competes are a combined $360 billion market today, and are projected to grow 3% to 4% a year for the balance of the decade. P&G has nearly doubled its share of beauty and health over the past decade, and yet P&G’s share of this combined market
is only about 10% globally.
• Developing Markets and Lower-Income Consumers.
We can still grow substantially in developing markets by increasing household penetration and consumer usage frequency, and by entering categories where we’re not yet competing. For example, the average U.S. household buys five to ten times as much P&G product per year as the average household in developing markets. In addition, there is a large number of households in developing regions that do not yet purchase any P&G product. Closing this gap, which we’re confident we can do over time, will continue to drive strong growth for years to come.
There are significant bottom-line growth opportunities, as well. We’ll continue to leverage P&G’s scale. We’ll reduce overhead costs by simplifying the way we work and eliminating duplication between global business units and market development organizations. We’ll be more effective and efficient in how
we manage our smaller country organizations and brands. And we’ll continue to increase productivity in every one of our businesses.
We’ll also continue to improve gross margins. The Company’s current gross margin is about 52%. We can earn a higher total- company margin by achieving best-in-class margins in more categories and business units. Based on industry benchmarking, we believe that only about half of P&G businesses have gross margins better than their competitive peer set. As we get more of our businesses to best-in-class levels, we’ll increase our total- company margin.
A COMPAny DeSIGneD TO GrOW
We’re focused on these opportunities, realistic about challenges, and confident P&G’s design for growth will enable us to keep P&G growing. Over the next few years, our portfolio will continue to shift toward faster-growing, higher-margin businesses.
We’ll extend the advantages we’ve created with our core strengths. We’ll make the disciplined choices required to create even more shareholder value. We’ll continue to develop the industry’s strongest, broadest and deepest leadership bench.
And we’ll continue to focus on inspiring and enabling P&G people to fulfill our Company’s Purpose: improving consumers’ lives in small but always meaningful ways every day. This is critical. Our design for growth reflects the management choices we’ve made to create the opportunities and capability for growth — but it’s P&G people who deliver it. Their performance in fiscal 2007 was outstanding once again, and their capability, creativity and potential will ensure P&G out-performs the consumer products industry year after year.
A.G. Lafley
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer August 14, 2007
The Procter & Gamble Company 7
  