  Dear Shareholders,
P&G is focused on winning with those who matter most: consumers, customers and shareholders. P&G’s performance in fiscal 2013 was a step in this direction. Our results were in line with objectives the Company set at the beginning of the fiscal year:
•Organic sales growth was 3%.
•Core earnings per share increased 5%, despite the operating impact of the Venezuelan currency devaluation and significant strengthening of the dollar.
•Our progress on working capital and capital spending productivity enabled us to deliver 98% adjusted free cash flow productivity.
•We returned $12.5 billion in cash to shareholders— 110% of net earnings —through a combination of $6.5 billion in dividends and $6 billion in share repurchase. In April, we raised the dividend by 7%.
 We’re beginning to restore growth in the core U.S. market that represents over a third of P&G’s sales and nearly half of profifit. We continued to focus on our core businesses. That’s why we organized P&G’s businesseinstiontfoufor,ulra,rlgaergreinrdinudsutrsytrgyroguropusp—sb—ebaeuatyu;ty; baby, feminine and family care; fabric and home care; and health care and personal grooming —to ensure we create value by focusing on common consumer benefifits, technologies, and competitors in each industry. We maintained good developing market momentum. Organic sales growth in our top 10 developing markets was up 8% for the year, and profifit grew well ahead of sales, even as we increased investments
in growth. We ended the year with improving market share trends.
A.G. Lafley
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
  
2 The Procter & Gamble Company
We are moving in the right direction. Company performance
is improving in several key measures. We are building on
this momentum. Business plans are more focused. The core strengths and assets of our Company remain important sources of competitive advantage and are the primary source of my confidence in P&G’s future.
But there is more work to do. More business units have to perform better more consistently. We are making the changes necessary to improve performance significantly.
P&G’s Priority Is Value Creation
First, we’ve established value creation —for consumers and shareholders —as our clear priority. This starts with winning the value equation with the consumer, who is always the boss.
We have to win at the first moment of truth, when the consumer chooses our product at the store shelf, and the second moment of truth, when the consumer uses the product at home and decides whether to buy it again. We also have to win at the “zero moment of truth,” when the consumer discovers information about our brands and products before they shop. When P&G products win the consumer value equation versus competitors, consumers reward us —and our shareholders —with their hard- earned money.
We’ll measure our business performance through operating total shareholder return. This goal is important because it’s an integrated measure of value creation at the business unit level. Strong operating TSR requires sales growth, progress on
gross and operating margins, and strong cash flow productivity. Business units will be guided by disciplined strategies and operating plans that focus on the most important choices for creating value.
We are focusing on core businesses, which include the leading, most profitable categories and countries. Delivering strong results in our core businesses is the largest contributor to shareholder value creation. Core businesses are an important contributor to growth, and an enabler of investments in developing markets and innovation.
We’ve established value creation for consumers and shareholders as our clear priority.
 Sales Growth
Margin Improvement
Asset Efficiency
Profit Growth
Cash Flow Growth
Total Shareholder Return
  P&G Is Driving Value Creation through Productivity and Innovation
Second, we are significantly strengthening productivity and cost savings efforts. Innovation and productivity are the two biggest drivers of value creation. Innovation remains our primary driver of growth, and we have a strong innovation pipeline, but we need to increase our focus on productivity. Productivity provides financial resources to invest in growth, and productivity frees P&G people to fully utilize their capabilities and make bigger contributions to the business.
            With nearly $500 million in sales in North America this fiscal year, Tide PODS is now expanding globally—starting with Latin America, Western
and Central Europe, and Africa.
Fusion ProGlide launched in the U.S. three years ago. It is now in more than 45 markets, most recently expanding to Brazil, Mexico and China. Fusion has grown global value share for 30 straight quarters —ever since the first Fusion product launched.
  Crest and Oral-B 3D White toothpaste have grown value share in the U.S. for
13 consecutive quarters —every quarter since 3D White first launched —and are now sold in more than 40 markets globally.
   
We’re making significant progress. By the end of fiscal 2013, we reduced non-manufacturing enrollment by 7,000 roles, which is 1,300 role reductions ahead of our initial target. We delivered over $1.2 billion in cost-of-goods-sold savings and we improved manufacturing productivity by 7%, both ahead of target. Still, we have significant opportunities to continue improving productivity in all facets of the business.
We will deliver the productivity improvements we promised on or ahead of schedule —but that is not an endpoint for productivity improvement at P&G. It’s a milestone. We know we can do more. We are making productivity systemic,
not episodic.
We are significantly strengthening productivity and cost savings efforts.
We’re already mobilized to address the next round of productivity initiatives, which we are working in parallel, not sequentially. They cover a full range of cost and cash opportunities. The projects are being led by business unit and function leaders. Some are yielding savings already and others will take a few years to fully implement.
In developing markets, we have opportunities to locate supply chains closer to the customers and consumers we serve.
This will enable us to reduce costs and serve customers faster. In developed markets, we are studying options that would reduce the number of facilities, build scale across categories, and reduce costs and inventory —all while improving customer service. This will require investment, but should generate very attractive returns.
We’ll improve marketing return on investment, driven by a better mix of media, greater message clarity, and greater efficiency in non-advertising marketing spending.
Productivity will become one of P&G’s core strengths —like brand building and innovation, for example—to deliver value creation and growth.
P&G Is Improving Execution
Our third focus area is to step-change operating discipline. We simply have to execute better, more consistently and more reliably than our competitors. We know this is necessary to win with consumers and customers day in and day out — which is a requirement for delivering leadership returns in our
The Procter & Gamble Company 3
  We’re making strategic investments in innovation and go-to-market capabilities.
           Pantene Expert Collection Age Defy Advanced Thickening Treatment launched in North America in January 2013 at a premium price and is already the #1 treatment in the Salon Inspired segment of the Hair Care category —and one of the top 10 products in the Pantene lineup.
Vidal Sassoon Pro Series launched in the U.S. in January 2013—offering consumers “salon genius, brilliantly priced.” It is performing ahead of expectations
in sales and share.
Cover Girl Outlast Stay Brilliant Nail Gloss has 45 shades providing high- gloss color that lasts as long as a week with no top coat. It was the biggest Nails launch in the U.S. industry this past year.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          4 The Procter & Gamble Company
industry. Quality execution has long been a hallmark of P&G’s success. We are committed to return to the standards of excellence necessary to win.
I’m as confident as ever that P&G has what’s needed to win — with consumers, customers and shareholders. We have a strong brand portfolio: 25 billion-dollar brands and roughly 15 more between half-a-billion and a billion dollars in annual sales.
We have a well-balanced geographic portfolio. We are the leading non-food consumer products business in the U.S.—the largest and fastest-growing developed market—and the leading household and personal care business in developing markets. Both present significant value creation opportunities. We have an innovation portfolio and pipeline that will only get stronger. We have a broad portfolio of productivity initiatives.
Most fundamentally, we have an exceptional organization. P&G people are passionate about consumers and P&G’s businesses. They bring tremendous experience and expertise to every part of our business. They are committed to win. They are our most important asset, the critical source of strength and competitive advantage for P&G.
We’ve taken a hard look at what we need to do and how we need to change to perform better. We’re committed to do what it takes to get P&G back to balanced, consistent, reliable, and sustainable value creation for consumers, customers, shareholders and employees. We are focused on the future. We are determined to win.
   We’re committed
to do what it takes to get P&G back to balanced, consistent, reliable, and sustainable value creation.
 P&G Is Investing in Capabilities for Growth
Our final focus area is to make strategic, focused investments in innovation and go-to-market capabilities. These are two of our core strengths as a Company and two important sources of competitive advantage and growth. They are critical to winning the first and second moments of truth.
P&G Is Committed to Winning
We will build on the past year, but we’ll be more focused. We’ll commercialize brand and product innovations with excellence. We’ll implement productivity initiatives to significantly simplify how we work and realize savings. We’ll focus on best-in-class execution, and we’ll continue to invest selectively where needed to win.
3x
cleaner
Bounty DuraTowel, launched in
North America in early 2013, is 3 times cleaner than a germy dish towel and is boldly asking consumers to “Ditch their dish towels!”
A.G. Lafley
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
                                                            With consumer use of Downy Unstopables nearly twice as high as initially expected,
it only made sense to expand this in-wash scent booster technology to the Gain brand with Gain Fireworks. Now these two make up nearly 70% of the category.
#1 ZzzQuil, our first entry into
the sleep aid category, has grown to nearly 20% value share and is the #1 branded product in unit and dollar sales in the U.S. sleep aid category.
