Fellow Shareholders,
 A.G. Lafley
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive
Fiscal 2003 was a year of significant progress for Procter & Gamble – our best overall performance in nearly a decade.
• Volume was up 8%.
• Sales were up 8% to $43.4 billion.
• Earnings were up 19% to $5.2 billion; earnings per share were $3.69, up 19%.
• The Company’s multi-year restructuring program is now complete, a full year ahead of
schedule. Restructuring program charges for the year were $538 million.
• Earnings per share increased 14%, excluding the impact of the restructuring program.
• Net earnings margins reached the highest level in more than 50 years.
• Total Shareholder Return outperformed the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P 500. • P&G has declared a dividend increase of 11%, the 48th consecutive year of increased
dividend payments.
These excellent results represent broad-based strength:
• All five Global Business Units grew earnings.
• Six of seven Market Development Organizations delivered top-line growth.
• 19 of the top 20 global brands grew volume.
• P&G brands worldwide grew share in categories accounting for nearly 80% of sales.
Most important, these results were driven from P&G’s core existing businesses, in a challenging global economy and political environment. In fact, 100% of this year’s growth was organic. The key element of P&G’s growth strategy can most simply be described as growth from the core. We are building on P&G’s core foundation of categories and brands, customers and countries, capabilities and competencies to deliver long-term, sustainable growth.
That, of course, is the key challenge. It’s long-term performance that counts. P&G focuses on strategies that do what is right for the long-term health of the business. Over the past 20 years, P&G has delivered an annualized Total Shareholder Return of nearly 17%, ahead of both the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P 500.

Unit Volume Growth
(% increase versus previous year)
8.3% 6.7%
0.2%
2001 2002 2003
The fundamental strengths that have driven this performance over time remain relevant and important. The strategic choices we’ve made over the past three years remain right. And the capabilities and systems we have developed throughout the Company are key reasons to believe that we can build on what we’ve done in the past to keep P&G growing in the future.
Strategic Choices
We made five key choices to get P&G back on track. There are considerable opportunities for continued growth within each area of strategic focus.
Build existing core businesses and leading brands into stronger leaders. P&G’s four core categories – Fabric Care, Hair Care, Baby Care and Feminine Care – account for nearly 50%
of sales and an even greater percentage of profit. It’s essential that we keep these businesses healthy and growing. And we are. In Fabric Care, where P&G is the global leader, we have a worldwide share of over 30%. In Hair Care, we are also the global leader – yet we have only about a 20% share. There’s plenty of upside in all four categories.
Grow faster with leading customers. In the U.S., the top 10 retailers increased their share of the market from 30% to 55% in the past five years. In Europe, concentration at the country level is even greater. This plays to P&G strengths. We understand shoppers and partner with retailers in ways and on a scale few competitors can match. We’re helping retailers grow with joint business plans, P&G’s leading brand portfolio, and category-leading new product innovation. As leading retailers grow, so do P&G brands.
Grow in big countries. More than 80% of P&G sales come from the top 10 markets. We need to keep driving P&G growth in these countries, which are some of the biggest and strongest economies in the world. P&G’s business in the top 10 countries taken together is growing at a rate of 11% per year. P&G is a leader in these markets. We have deep understanding of local consumers, strong retail partnerships and important scale advantages. Yet, despite this strength in P&G’s 10 largest countries, we still have significant opportunities to grow. In the U.S. for example, P&G is the leader in 23 categories, but we have shares above 30% in only 18. We know we can extend P&G leadership in these big countries.
Develop and invest in faster-growing, higher-margin businesses. We’re strengthening P&G’s leadership in Health Care and Beauty Care, two of the fastest-growing categories in which we compete. We have five billion-dollar health and beauty brands today. The acquisition of Wella will add a sixth. In fact, with the addition of Wella, Health Care and Beauty Care will account for nearly half of P&G sales and profits, up from about one-fourth at the beginning
of the 1990s. We expect these two high-growth businesses to represent an increasing share of P&G’s total business in the future.
Build P&G leadership in fast-growing developing markets. The consumer products business is driven significantly by three basic demographic factors: population growth, household formation and household income growth. These factors have driven developed- market growth for decades, and are now driving strong growth in many developing markets. China, for example, is now P&G’s sixth largest market – up from tenth just three years ago. We’ve focused decisively on higher-growth, structurally attractive markets where P&G can achieve sustainable growth.
2
          100% of P&G’s growth this year was organic.

P&G’s strategic choices are working. We have continued opportunities for substantial growth in every strategic area. We will stay the strategic course.
Cost and Cash Management
The next plank of P&G’s sustained growth strategy is a relentless focus on productivity, cost reduction and cash management.
• Over the last three years, we’ve generated nearly $17 billion in free cash flow, which is cash flow from operations less capital spending. This is two-and-a-half times the amount generated in the previous three years and more than enough to fund dividend growth, share repurchases and acquisitions such as Clairol and Wella.
• We’ve delivered substantial operating margin progress, excluding restructuring charges. We’ve been disciplined and delivered both restructuring savings and other structural cost improvements.
• In the past three years, we’ve reduced annual capital spending by $1.5 billion – without foregoing any strategic investments in capacity or innovation.
We’re not letting up. There are more opportunities in virtually every area. We will continue to improve productivity, to spend capital efficiently, to reduce inventories and to increase the return on investments in marketing and new products. We must conserve cash and control costs to continue to deliver superior consumer and shareholder value.
Core Strengths
Three core capabilities set P&G apart from competition: branding, innovation and scale.
Branding. P&G is one of the world’s most successful brand-creation and brand-building companies. Three years ago, we marketed 10 billion-dollar brands. Today, we have 13, with Olay joining this exclusive club in 2003. We are leveraging the advantages created by P&G’s brand-building capabilities. Our deep and global consumer research helps us to understand, anticipate and respond to consumer needs and wants. Our expertise enables us to create marketing and advertising innovations more effectively and efficiently than many other companies. P&G’s brand leadership, category and country scale helps us implement brand- building innovations with retail and media partners in ways that few companies can match.
Innovation. P&G creates more new brands and categories than any other consumer goods company. Last year alone, three of the top 10 new non-food products introduced in the U.S. were P&G products. Over the past eight years, P&G has had the #1 or #2 new non-food product in the U.S. every single year.1 P&G’s brand-creation and product development leadership is driven by the Company’s enormous innovative capacity. We have nearly 7,500 Ph.D.s and researchers working in 20 technical centers on four continents. We have more than 29,000 patented technologies for products that are in the market today. We are more focused than ever on turning patents into products that consumers buy and use every day. We’re multiplying this capability by collaborating more extensively with external innovation partners. The vision is that 50% of all P&G discovery and invention will come from outside the Company.
1 Source: Information Resources, Inc. New Product Pacesetters Annual Reports, Dollar Sales, top FDMx Non-Food products (excludes Wal-Mart)
Free Cash Flow (in billions of dollars)
7.2 6.1
3.3
3
          2001 2002 2003
Capital Spending (as % of sales)
6.3%
   4.2%
3.4%
      2001 2002 2003
Goal
 
Total Shareholder Return (indexed versus July 2000)
75 50
Global Scale. P&G has significant scale advantages. We’re the global leader in all four core categories. We know we can leverage these scale advantages for even greater value. We have the resources to interact with retail customers on multiple levels including finance, logistics, marketing, shopper understanding and a wide range of services. We bring deep category understanding with global consumer research. We create greater value through the total supply chain by pooling knowledge, expertise and reach.
We’ve designed the new P&G organization with an eye toward these core capabilities, and are focused more explicitly than ever on getting the greatest value from them. The restructuring program is complete, and the new organization structure is fully implemented. We have created an organization unlike any other in the consumer products industry – and it is producing significant competitive advantage.
• The Global Business Units enhance speed to market. It used to take three years or more to rollout new products around the world. We’re now able to expand an initiative worldwide in less than 18 months – as illustrated by the recent Pantene, Head & Shoulders and Pampers Baby Stages of Development rollouts.
• The Market Development Organizations enable us to collaborate better with customers. As the retail industry consolidates, it’s more important to add value at multiple levels with key customers. The multi-functional expertise of our global and local MDOs enables us to leverage P&G’s brand portfolio and innovation capability in ways that drive retailers’ growth as well as our own. As a result, P&G brands are growing faster with the world’s largest customers.
• Global Business Services provides best-in-class cost structures and service levels. This organization enables P&G to leverage its global scale, and increases our ability to collaborate with leading-edge business services partners. The recent information technology services and facilities management agreements with Hewlett-Packard and Jones Lang LaSalle are great examples. Partnerships like these enable us to achieve best-in-class costs that would not be possible without the unique combination of P&G’s new organization design, global scale and the capabilities of best-in-class partners.
As we gain experience with the new organization, we are learning it offers benefits we’ve only begun to tap.
Inspirational Leaders, Unsung Heroes
P&G’s strategic choices, financial discipline, core strengths and unique organization structure create a platform for growth from the core that is sustainable. This growth is being led by the most diverse group of leaders in P&G history.
We’ve built a substantially new leadership team in the past three years. Two-thirds of the top 38 leaders are new to their present roles. They hail from 13 different countries. Half of the line presidents are from outside the U.S. Most have worked in two or three major regions, in a number of categories and a number of countries. Most of them have experience in developing countries as well as developed markets. They know what it’s like to compete against well- entrenched international and local competitors. Most important, they are inspirational leaders deeply committed to developing and energizing the men and women in their organizations.
175 150 125 100
4
       2000 JDJDJDJ
P&G DJIA S&P 500
2001
2002
   P&G people are delivering the best results this Company has achieved in years.

Those men and women – 98,000 unsung heroes – are the heart of our Company. They have demonstrated remarkable dedication in the past three years and have distinguished themselves as one of the strongest generations of P&G people in our Company’s 165-year history. I spend time with these professionals every single day. They are inspired. They share a single purpose – to improve the lives of the world’s consumers. They focus on common goals and pursue clear strategies. They operate with shared values and principles. They have unleashed their passion for serving consumers – and creating value for shareholders – in a way that is building billion-dollar brands and delivering the best results this Company has achieved in years.
It’s a privilege to be part of such an extraordinary organization.
A.G. Lafley
Chairman of the Board, July 31, 2003 President and Chief Executive
5
  