Dear Shareholders,
Fiscal 2016 was a year of progress in our journey to return P&G's results to a balance of top-line growth, bottom-line growth and cash generation. We increased investments in innovation, advertising and sales coverage to enhance our long-term prospects for faster, sustainable sales growth. We stabilized top-line growth rates in several key markets. We delivered another strong year of productivity improvement and cost savings. We made significant steps in our portfolio transformation--completing the Duracell transaction in February, negotiating and preparing for the sale of 41 beauty brands to Coty Inc., and streamlining the product lineups in our ongoing businesses. We made this progress during a challenging year. We faced significant foreign exchange headwinds, which reduced sales growth by six percentage points and core earnings per share by nine percentage points. We faced slowing market growth, and economic and political disruptions in many large markets. We made choices to exit several lines of unprofitable business, which reduced organic sales growth. Earnings were impacted by reduced exports to Venezuela. Despite these challenges, we delivered organic sales growth within our initial guidance range, and free cash flow productivity was above our initial expectations. Core earnings per share were at the low end of our initial guidance range due primarily to over half a billion dollars after-tax of incremental foreign exchange impacts that occurred after we had set our targets for the year. ·All-in sales declined 8%; organic sales grew 1% ·All-in earnings per share increased 51%; core earnings per share declined 2% ·Free cash flow was $12.1 billion, with adjusted free cash flow productivity of 115%

David S. Taylor
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Letter to Shareholders  i P&G's 10 Categories ii Form 10-K  ix Measures Not Defined by U.S. GAAP  29 Company and Shareholder Information  73

Global Company Leadership 74 Board of Directors  75 Recognition  76 Citizenship Inside Back Cover

