 To Our Shareholders
With literally thousands of markets and as many ways to serve their demand, let’s cover what Parker really does best:
We contribute value by helping the world work in new and better ways — all kinds of activities, with each one in a constant state of renewal — propelling technology, industry and services ever forward. Name any sector, and Parker is there; doing real work, for the real economy.
What’s most exciting about this time we’re working in is that there isn’t a customer among the 400,000 we serve who isn’t looking for a better way to do something. We are the doers.
 And that’s why you should own this stock.
In the real economy, sustainable enterprises always require new equipment, services and solutions, even in the most trying times. After a decade of relatively uninterrupted expansion, American industry was dealt a major setback this year. We were among the first to call this abrupt and widespread falloff a “manufacturing recession,” when our domestic industrial orders fell off precipitously.
In the latter half of the year, when customers deferred and then cancelled shipments, we heeded the caution signal for the year ahead and responded by reducing inventory, cutting spending in all areas, consolidating facilities, and realigning production and workforce levels with demand. We closed and relocated plants for greater efficiencies. These were painful and costly steps to take, but they were necessary to keep us competitive now, and generate even greater returns as demand improves.
This year, Parker elected Don Washkewicz (left) to succeed Duane Collins (right) as chief executive officer, effective July 1, 2001. Collins remains chairman of the board to ensure a smooth management succession.
Although it’s tougher to do in a downturn, we remained focused on expanding operating margins. We launched aggressive initiatives to rationalize our supplier base and leverage our global spend with long-term procurement contracts. This touches everything from raw materials to temporary services.

We’re extending our lean initiatives worldwide, so for every part of the company, we’ve
identified and trained “lean champions” to lead this effort. This already is garnering a significant payback in improved customer service, inventory management and asset utilization. And we are extending our hallmark of “premier customer service,” leveraging our total-Parker capabilities with engineered systems that yield greater returns – not only for us, but also for our customers.
We also put the advantage of our strong balance sheet to work, by sustaining investments in business development and furthering our promise to offer customers the broadest scope of products and services in motion and control.
We funded 140 new-product development projects this year, and among them launched a series of compact, high-speed piston pumps unrivaled in reliability, ease of installation and noise
reduction for mobile applications. The pumps’ design revolutionizes hydraulics on forestry and construction machinery, providing faster, cleaner, quieter operation.
We welcomed new business additions to Parker in FY 2001, all of which complement
our core business with the products and talent to deliver the full value of our motion and control systems strategy. Together, they add more than $830 million in annual sales, and also represent significant cross-selling opportunities. Our goal remains to achieve earnings accretion in our first full year of ownership.
Wynn’s International, a leading manufacturer of precision-engineered sealing media, allows us to offer customers in the aerospace, marine and mobile markets more complete assemblies, including sealing systems for on-board air conditioning, gas and fluid management.
Atlantic Tubing complements Parker’s offering of instrumentation products, adding a line of premium quality tubing and extrusions for semiconductor, bio-process and electronics industries.
Invensys Pneumatics, a line of equipment and controls for automated processes used in material handling, machinery and many types of manufacturing, is a considerable addition to Parker’s growing selection of automation technologies.
Stainless Connections of Australia and New Zealand expands our manufacturing and service capabilities in the region, providing a direct supply of engineered and customized stainless steel fittings and adapters for mobile and industrial markets.
S.B.C. Elettronica SpA, based in Milan, fills a need in our European markets for highly engineered motion controllers and digital servo drives used in a variety of industrial processes, including packaging, assembly, printing and textile manufacturing.
Fairey Arlon, a Netherlands-based manufacturer of hydraulic filters for mobile and industrial machinery, extends Parker’s product range and manufacturing capabilities in Europe for filtration devices used in all types of hydraulic equipment.
Miller Fluid Power and Wilkerson, both acquired from CKD-Createc, add pneumatic and hydraulic cylinders used in positioning systems; a complete line of compressed-air treatment and control products; and electronic proportional valves, regulators and accessories used in a wide variety of industrial, process, and health care applications.
In July 2001, we acquired Chelsea Products, a leading supplier of power take-offs and related auxiliary power devices for medium- and heavy-duty applications, bringing a high degree of innovation and engineering expertise serving “evergreen” vocational-equipment markets such as mobile rescue, towing, fire-fighting and material handling.
          
All are strategic acquisitions that expand on our global strategy to offer the “total package” in motion and control, and raise the bar on customer service.
We are only beginning to realize the value of our total Parker offering. For years, we’ve taken great pride in the close-to-the-customer decision making our decentralized organizational structure promotes. The empowerment is real. But so is the complexity for our customers who want all we have to offer. We’re listening, and we’re doing something to change that.
We’ve just launched PHconnect, a one-stop, web-based system that lets customers and distributors do
business with Parker easily across divisions. It is linked straight to inventory, allowing catalog and availability searches, and it lets users process and track multiple orders from multiple locations, all the way through shipment.
PHconnect is real-time and seamless, but most important, it makes it easy for our customers and partners to transact business and engage in account self-service with us, even when the “us” may include a dozen divisions and several distributors. It’s about making Parker more user-friendly, because we have so much to offer, all from one source.
Anything possible. That’s where it starts. It is our commitment to rethink, reengineer and realign ourselves to fulfill the needs of our customers and in turn, our society.
If it sounds like a big undertaking, take a look around. Wherever you are at this moment, it’s highly probable that Parker played a critical role in getting you there, in developing the place you’re in, and in making many of the goods and materials that surround you, even the paper and printing to create this report you’re reading right now.
We take this seriously, and nothing for granted. We think everyone should marvel at the innovations quietly being inaugurated in our lives today. In this report, we aim to point out some of the viable new applications made possible by Parker. Among them, this year we helped make humanity’s first permanent home on the International Space Station. Our sense of triumph is not in the thousands of products we have working on board. It is that we are sustaining an environment in which scientific breakthroughs are being utilized and developed; advances in which we will play a critical role here on earth, such as the practical employment of fuel cells and organic preservation methods.
Every achievement of Parker is shared, among the wonderfully talented people we employ, the cherished customers who challenge us to do new things, and the shareholders who provide capital to be deployed for these purposes. Every one has real value, and as we’ve seen throughout our history, there is always something new.
Duane E. Collins Donald E. Washkewicz
Chairman of the Board President and Chief Executive Officer
September 10, 2001
   