 To Our Shareholders
   Parker President and CEO Don Washkewicz (left) with Chairman of the Board Duane Collins.
Fiscal-year 2003 was another challenging one for Parker and the manufacturing sector overall. It was the third consecutive year of weakness in the North American industrial and commercial aerospace markets. In our other major markets, demand in Europe remained weak, while we realized growth in both Latin America and Asia.
Parker enjoys the leading share of the world’s $50-billion motion-control market and is well positioned for continued global growth. Parker offers the broadest line of motion and control products and engineered systems serving 380,000 customers worldwide.
Our global presence is not a new development.
We established our first international operations in 1960, and have been expanding our presence beyond North America ever since, with the stated goal of achieving a leading market share in every region.
We are realizing high-percentage growth
in Asia and Latin America. In China, for example, our business more than doubled last year, and we continue to invest in this growth market. Our most significant growth in China is in support of massive infrastructure development across this vast country. In addition to our wholly-owned foreign enterprises, we have two joint ventures and Parker-allocated contractors in China. These provide operating bases in Beijing, Dong Guan, Guangzhou, Shanghai and Shenyang to support accelerated growth.
In Europe, we continue to emphasize efficiency and productivity. Over the past three years, we streamlined logistics to reduce the cost of our delivery system. And within the "big three" – Germany, France and the United Kingdom – we have synchronized and combined sales forces
to market "Total Parker Systems" across customer applications, and thereby increase our share.
We stayed focused on managing cash flow by keeping our operations and inventories lean. We reduced inventory by $110 million during the year, while cutting capital expenditures to 2.5 percent of sales. We improved operating margins despite a nearly $60-million increase in pension, insurance and
 3

  Managing for Cash Flow
   700 600 500 400 300 200 100
30 25 20 15 10
5
Operating Cash
Working Cap
Inventory
                      00
2000 2001 2002 2003
medical expenses and significantly lower unit volumes in aerospace and the industrial markets of North America and Europe. We also have divested non-core businesses during this time, including the sale of United Aircraft Products, which had annual sales of $19 million in fiscal-year 2003.
As cash from operations again approached record levels this year, we chose to contribute $108 million to our pension funds in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, consistent with our commitment to maintain well-funded plans for our employees. We also continued our 47-year record of returning higher annual dividends to our shareholders.
To drive financial performance, we are executing our Win Strategy, with major emphasis on strategic procurement, lean enterprise and strategic pricing.
Without these initiatives, this year’s earnings would have been lower. The Win Strategy will continue to enhance our performance in future years, as we implement initiatives designed to fuel and sustain long-term growth.
Acquisitions historically have accounted for 60 percent of Parker’s growth, but we slowed the pace of buying this year to focus on our core business and maintain a conservative financial leverage position. We made two automation acquisitions, adding $27 million in annual sales combined. While relatively small in size, both are strategically significant to us in our effort to extend our electronic and digital automation lines: Acroloop brings excellent technology for human-machine interface; and MTS is an innovator in digital controls, linear motors and custom electronic
  FY03 Parker Top Markets underscore Parker's diversity.
    Transportation & Motor Vehicle Aircraft Engines
Commercial Aircraft
Construction Equipment
Military Fixed Wing Aircraft
Motor Vehicle Manufacturing Industrial Machinery
Refrigeration & Heating Equipment Farm Machinery
Regional Jets/Commuters General Aviation/Bus
Air Transportation Helicopters
Heavy Truck Manufacturing Industrial Trucks
Truck & Bus Bodies
Internal Combustion Engines Aircraft Parts & Equipment Motor Vehicles Supplies Semiconductors
Lawn & Garden Equipment Plastic Products
Machine Tools
General Industrial Machinery Truck Trailers
Oil & Gas Field Machinery
Metals Manufacturing
Special Industrial Machinery Mining Machinery
Engineering Services Nondurable Goods
Air & Gas Compressors
Repair Services
Power Transmission Equipment Tires & Inner Tubes
Space & Missiles
Aerospace Other
Turbines & Generators
Refrigerator Supplies
Pumping Equipment
Special Tools
Service Machinery
Electrical Apparatus
Surgical & Medical Instruments Golf Course Equipment
Food Products Machinery
Oil & Gas Field Service
Search & Navigation Equipment Plastics Manufacturing
Farm & Garden
                                              4
$ Millions
% of Sales

 motors for a variety of motion-control applications.
In the years ahead, we want to achieve a 50-50 balance of internal to external growth. To accomplish this, we made some changes this year to take innovation to the next level. We created a new organizational design for innovation and technology development this year, with the establishment of cross-functional, cross-divisional business units to develop high potential markets. We formed a new position, Vice President of Technology and Innovation, to lead this effort, and aligned internal investment models and incentives to promote innovative developments across our divisions.
Our first such team, the Fuel Cell Systems Business Unit, brings together our best engineers from our aerospace, automation, filtration and seal groups to advance economically viable fuel cell systems for stationary and mobile applications. Similarly, our new Life Sciences Business Unit is developing analytical control systems for drug discovery, kinetic cell imaging and microfluidics.
We have many examples of innovation throughout the company, engineering products, applications and systems for customers who value our expertise. We funded 45 development projects this year and again secured new business engineering complete systems for our customers.
Our strategy to offer Total Parker Systems
brought us significant new business during the year in several industrial markets, including integrated systems for mobile and biomedical analysis machinery. Most notably, Parker won competitive awards to supply three major systems for China’s new fleet of ARJ21 regional jets, as the lead integrator for the hydraulic and fuel systems, and partnering with Honeywell on flight controls.
This program is expected to shape the future of civil aviation throughout Asia.
As detailed in the section that starts on page 14, we’re emphasizing growth, starting with the markets that present the highest quality opportunities for our particular capabilities and product offering.
We are committed to grow our company and execute our Win Strategy, never forgetting that our business is earned on performance and trust. We appreciate this even more in difficult times, especially the employees, customers, distributors, suppliers and shareholders who enable us to be the number-one motion and control company in the world. We can’t accelerate the recovery of our markets, but we will continue to seek out new opportunities to help our customers achieve excellence. We are doing that, and remain true to our promise: Anything possible.
Donald E. Washkewicz
President and Chief Executive Officer
Duane E. Collins
Chairman of the Board
September 10, 2003
   5
