 To Our Shareholders
Your company is on the move. On the consolidation front, we are increasing market share among customers who want complete motion and control systems solutions, and broadening our product offering with strategic acquisitions and internal development.
We are performing financially, expanding margins around the
world, achieving returns well above
our cost of capital, and raising the
bar further with accelerated growth goals. We are growing globally, positioned for consistent, double-digit gains in our established core markets, and increasing sales and profits in areas of great promise for the future.
Duane Collins (standing) and Don Washkewicz this year accepted new management roles. Collins, chief executive officer, was elected chairman of the board, and Washkewicz was appointed to the new position of president and chief operating officer.
 3

PARKER IS ALL ABOUT THE FUTURE: Our technologies are paving the way for new breakthroughs in every aspect of life. Developments in communication, information technology, manufacturing and biomedical science demand well conceived “workhorses” and sophisticated controls to perform consistently: Faster. Smaller. Cleaner. Safer. More efficient. More precise. Parker people advance these causes every day, and our engineers have never had so many opportunities to go to work.
A recent example is a new product developed by our Instrumentation Group’s Pneutronics Division: The world’s smallest valve (shown here actual size). This valve is used in medical devices to perform diagnostics and treatment for blood and kidney disorders. An engineering marvel, it operates at 30 psi. But the real source of pride in this innovation is that it makes in-home dialysis a reality for kidney patients, so they can receive treatments in the comfort of their own homes, with their families.
ACQUISITIONS: This year, we welcomed new members to the Parker family from Commercial Intertech, Gresen, Whatman Industrial, Gummi Metall and Nylaflow. These businesses bring tremendous talent and together add $728 million in sales. They offer substantial benefits to the customers, shareholders and employees we serve:
Commercial Intertech and Gresen, both leaders in hydraulics for the mobile market, bring product lines required to supply complete, engineered hydraulic systems for every kind of mobile machinery. Matched with the full complement of other Parker systems, including fluid connectors, seals, filtration and controls, these additions already are yielding new opportunities for value creation. And because we’ve moved quickly to integrate these businesses within our Hydraulics Group, we are well positioned to realize the earnings accretion planned for next year.
  With 46 acquisitions in a seven-year period, we’ve ensured double-digit growth and broadened our playing field
The Whatman Industrial business, with products sold under the Balston brand, specializes in high-efficiency depth filtration and gas- separation membrane technology. It positions our Filtration Group with a much broader product offering than other major players in the
 to pursue new markets of opportunity. compressed-air and gas-generation markets.
Gummi Metall of Germany complements our Seal Group in Europe, offering compound sealing
products in rubber-metal and rubber-plastic varieties.
Nylaflow of the Netherlands produces thermoplastic pressure hose and tubing that strengthens our line of connector products in Europe.
In July, we completed our cash tender offer acquiring Wynn’s International, a leader in sealing systems for mobile markets. Strategically and financially, the addition of Wynn’s further strengthens our Seal Group, which consistently achieves superior returns in all of its end markets. Wynn’s will add modestly to our fiscal year 2001 earnings, and moreover, presents considerable opportunities for global expansion given our established position. It is another significant step toward total systems capability.
With 46 acquisitions in a seven-year period, we’re positioned for double-digit growth and have broadened our playing field to pursue new markets of opportunity. Financially, we remain in an excellent position to invest in product development and acquisition opportunities that fit our business model. You can expect us to continue to be a consolidator, but know that we’ll integrate every business we add with a disciplined focus on value creation, always building on our foundation of motion-control technologies. This is our core competency, and in it, we’re finding more opportunity yet to be realized.
OUTLOOK: So, while we are doing all of the things you’d expect we should to keep driving profitability, the real rationale for your investment in Parker is where we’re going from here.
In the near term, with rebounding global economies, semiconductors and telecommunications are momentum markets, and we’re seeing across-the-board strength in our industrial and mobile markets. Things are looking up in aerospace as well, since mounting demand for regional jets means bigger system wins for Parker in flight controls, fuel and onboard hydraulics.
   4

On the maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) side of our industrial business, there is significant growth potential. Traditionally, a customer’s worst predicament is downtime. We have a unique opportunity to take our trademark “premier customer service” to an even higher level, to keep customers in uptime, and improve their operating performance with better engineered systems, systems with integrated chips and electronic sensors that flag problems long before they become a point of breakdown.
E-BUSINESS: Our strategy to do this takes a nontraditional view of the two most-asked questions in our industry: the role of distributors and the relevance of e-business. On the role of distributors, we don’t deny that their value in the supply chain is being challenged. But as we see it, the trend toward preventative maintenance and outsourcing redefines the role of distributors, so the real challenge is the shift from reactive to proactive service, adding value by offering total systems solutions.
E-business, then, is an important catalyst to help our distributors achieve a higher value shift, from servicing orders to managing performance. We already have an extensive electronic enterprise architecture that, when made available to our distributors, provides the means for us to identify ways to optimize customers’ motion and control applications with systems designed to work together. This is the means to grow our MRO business, all to the benefit of our customers.
And as much as we can use electronic intelligence to anticipate our customers’ needs, they still require technical assistance close to all of their operations. So the true measure of success in our e-business initiative hinges on the availability of engineer-technicians everywhere, and that’s the advantage of our distributor force. They extend our enterprise.
On the buy side of our supply chain, we are building on our electronic enterprise capabilities to leverage company-wide purchasing, creating an e-procurement network to further bolster our buying power. While web-enabled processes are improving our cost structure and speed, they also are opening up new avenues to integrate transactions among Parker, our distributors and the many small and mid- size companies we serve, who are the vast majority of our customer base.
When we help our customers win, we earn their trust and loyalty. The reputation of Parker may seem an intangible asset. But for all of us, its value is real — in every measure of success our customers achieve, in every increment of market share we gain, in our ability to remain an employer and partner of choice, and in the consistent performance we demonstrate.
Last year, we said we would continue to grow your company with improved profitability and increasing financial strength. We achieved record results on all these measures. In the coming years, we intend to outperform the record returns of recent years. We’ve raised our financial goals (see page 16), and we’re committed to continue to meet and exceed them through time and the cycles that affect our markets. You may take this as an indication of the state of our business: Financially and operationally, Parker’s never been stronger.
For this, we must thank our customers and the Parker employees who are delivering on our commitment to value creation, which, more than anything, underscores our appreciation for your investment in Parker. Please read on...
DUANE E. COLLINS DONALD E. WASHKEWICZ
Chairman of the Board and President and Chief Operating Officer Chief Executive Officer
September 11, 2000
  5
