  LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Donald E. Washkewicz Chairman of the Board, Lee C. Banks President and Chief Operating Officer, Thomas L. Williams Chief Executive Officer (left to right).

Competing and winning in today’s challenging global markets will require Parker to build on the strong foundation we have in place while setting a new course with strategies that take our performance to the next level.
The Win Strategy, first introduced in 2001, has been the framework for how we have operated for a decade and a half. Its success serves as a powerful legacy to our Chairman, Don Washkewicz, for his visionary leadership as CEO. Lee Banks and I are honored to be handed the responsibility to build on the success that has come before us.
Six months ago we set out
to redefine what it will take to leverage our strengths and
allow Parker to be a consistent top quartile performer among
our diversified industrial proxy peer companies. We met with hundreds of Parker employees and leaders in every region of the world, we tapped the minds of our experienced Board members and engaged collaboratively
with our shareholders. The culmination of that work is a
new Win Strategy. Using this as
a guide to our actions and as a yardstick for our progress, we are striving to achieve new financial and operational performance targets designed to reward Parker shareholders for their investment.
FISCAL YEAR 2015
PERFORMING IN A CHALLENGING MARKET
In fiscal year 2015, Parker faced significant challenges such as a wavering global macroeconomic environment, second-half weakness in key end markets that pressured order rates and the effects of the strengthening U.S. dollar. We took actions to adjust to these conditions, including
the completion of a voluntary retirement program in the U.S. and a broad range of other cost reduction initiatives implemented globally. These actions allowed us to deliver another year of strong financial performance.
• Total net sales were $12.7 billion, a 4% decrease from the previous year. The decline in sales was driven mainly by the effect of currency rate changes and masked some bright spots including a double-digit increase in sales from innovative new products.
• Total adjusted segment operating margin was 14.9%, representing a 50 basis point (bps) improvement from
the previous year. Strong performance despite a decline in sales.
• Net income was $1.01 billion, or $6.97 per share. Adjusted earnings per share were $7.25, an increase of 4% compared to the prior year.
• Cash flow from operations for fiscal year 2015 was $1.3 billion, or 10.2% of sales, representing the 14th consecutive year that Parker has generated operating cash greater than 10% of sales before discretionary pension contributions.
• We continued to deploy capital efficiently to return value to shareholders. We increased the quarterly dividend by 31% during the fiscal year, and have now increased dividends for 59 consecutive fiscal years.
In October 2014, we also announced a plan to purchase $2 to $3 billion worth of our own shares over two years and, during fiscal year 2015, we repurchased $1.4 billion in shares of Parker stock.
• Fortune magazine named Parker among its most admired companies, citing innovation as a top reputation attribute.
Throughout fiscal year 2015,
we underwent a series of restructuring activities designed to reduce fixed costs and improve profitability. Restructuring programs will continue in fiscal year 2016 and, combined with our new Simplification initiative, are expected to build a stronger, more agile Parker capable of generating consistent, long-term profitable growth. Going forward we expect challenging market conditions with a bottom forming sometime during fiscal year 2016. Despite a slight overall decrease
3

 The Win StrategyTM Our Vision: Engineering Your Success
Goals
    Engaged People
STRATEGIES
• Environmental, Health & Safety
• Entrepreneurial
• High Performance Teams & Leaders
Premier Customer Experience
Profitable Growth
STRATEGIES
Organic Acquisitions Services
Market-Driven Innovation System Solutions
Strong Distribution GrowShare
Engineering Expertise
Financial Performance
STRATEGIES
• Simplification
• Lean Enterprise
• Strategic Supply Chain • Value Pricing
SEPTEMBER 2015
    • • •
STRATEGIES
Quality Solutions On Time eBusiness Leadership Ease of Doing Business
• • • • •
     #1 Motion & Control Company
Goals
    Engaged People
MEASURES
• Zero Accidents
• Speed Within Win Strategy
• Ownership: 80%+ in
High Performance Teams
• Inclusive Environment
• Engagement Survey > 74%
Premier Customer Experience
MEASURES
• 98%+ On-Time Delivery
• Six Sigma Quality
• Increase eBusiness Conversion Rate
• Best-in-Class Lead Times & Quote Speed
• Likelihood to Recommend > 30
• Customer Dashboards
Profitable Growth
MEASURES
• Organic Growth 150 bps > Market
• 20%+ Market Share
• #1, #2 Position Each Group
• Grow Distribution & Services
50% DIST
50% OEM
• Increasing New Product & System Sales
• •
• • •
Financial Performance
MEASURES
Top Quartile Diversified Industrial
 Year-over-Year Growth in: • EPS
• EBIT
• Cash Flow
• Division Net Earnings 17% Operating Income 21.4% RONA
17% ROIC
   4

in sales forecasted for the year, by aggressively managing costs, we expect to increase adjusted margins and earnings per share to better position the company as the business cycle improves.
THE NEW WIN STRATEGY
We are excited and optimistic about the opportunities we have to build on our past successes as we set course with a new Win Strategy. While many of the core principles of the original Win Strategy remain in place, there are emerging opportunities that enable us to ramp up our performance.
Our future begins with an increasing focus on our employees – the Parker team members. High engagement is directly correlated to exceptional performance.
To drive this engagement we
will be prioritizing a culture of environmental, health and safety, entrepreneurialism and a High Performance Team structure. We realize the value of our collective efforts. The team members closest to the work know what is needed to improve performance. Our strategy is to utilize natural High Performance Teams with specific responsibilities and ownership. By encouraging an “owners” mentality and aligning incentives with that of our shareholders, we aim to create an environment for continuous improvement and for attracting and retaining a talented workforce.
Customer service has been a longstanding priority for Parker, but the new Win Strategy introduces the concept of customer experience and expands the standards we hold ourselves to in meeting our customers’ needs. We are setting big, bold delivery and quality goals. In addition, Parker will work to ensure that customers’ expectations
are exceeded, leaving a positive impression and increasing the likelihood of repeat or increased sales from Parker.
While numerous touchpoints with Parker will define the customer experience and make it easier
to do business with us, in an increasingly digital world, Parker will place greater emphasis on building an online experience that creates a destination point for the motion and control industry. Our eBusiness strategy will create
new opportunities for customers to increase their understanding of Parker’s capabilities, find products and services that match their needs, self-serve or get support for existing products and place orders online.
Through our engaged team members and by providing a premier customer experience,
we are in a position to accelerate growth. With the new Win Strategy, we have built a roadmap that will re-energize our sales and help us achieve target organic growth 150 bps greater than the market.
Market-driven innovation to improve our products, systems and services is a key component of our growth strategy. Parker has continued to invest in the research and development of new products and systems, and established a beachhead in the delivery of new service capabilities. Both areas present exciting new growth opportunities.
Innovation strategies will
balance the need to develop new-to-the-market, new-to-the- world solutions with near-term improvements, modifications and extensions to existing products that can generate more immediate commercial success. For example, Parker has partnered with GE,
a leading supplier to locomotive manufacturers, for an innovative Tier IV engine oil filtration
system. The technology not only reduces emissions but protects the engine to greatly improve reliability and eliminate the threat of costly downtime caused by contamination. Systems innovation will be important as we target generating 40% of sales from systems. In fiscal year 2015, Parker was selected by multiple customers to supply systems
to transfer energy from battery modules to the utility grid in many global applications.
5

6
Our services strategy will center on the significant potential offered by the Internet of Things (IoT) as we expand the use of our web-enabled solutions across our broad technology platform
to better serve our customers by improving uptime, reducing safety risks and optimizing processes. To drive this opportunity across our operations, we recently created a new role of Corporate Vice President - eBusiness, IoT and Services.
In July 2015, we made an equity investment in Exosite LLC, a company that has deployed IoT solutions across several of our global operating divisions during the past two years. Exosite’s industry-leading software has already been implemented in the Parker Sporlan Smart Service Tool Kit and powers Parker Transair’s SCOUT technology. These capabilities and other services will be deployed across our installed base of products to generate new service revenue streams for Parker.
In addition to organic growth strategies, we intend to continue our long history of being a great acquirer and integrator in the highly fragmented motion and control industry. In July 2015, we completed two transactions. We purchased President Engineering Group Ltd. (PEGL) based in Sheffield, United Kingdom with annual sales of approximately $30 million. PEGL specializes in
the design and manufacture of technically advanced, cryogenic valves for marine liquefied natural gas and industrial gas applications. We also acquired Ezi-Hose Pty. Limited based in Perth, Australia with annual sales of approximately $18 million.
Parker’s distribution network
has been in development for
more than 50 years and stands
as one of our greatest competitive strengths in addressing the maintenance, repair and overhaul market. Typically counter-cyclical, this channel also carries higher margin sales. While we target a balance of OEM and aftermarket sales in our diversified industrial segment, which we have achieved in the U.S., significant opportunity exists in international markets
to grow this channel to better balance our sales and improve margins.
These growth strategies, in unison, create opportunities for Parker to outpace the growth in our markets and increase our share of the $120 billion motion and control industry.
Total shareholder returns are highly correlated to year-over-year growth in earnings and return on invested capital. Driving our sales growth and better leveraging that growth through higher segment operating margins will be key to increasing total shareholder returns.
We have established an aggressive target to reach 17% operating income margin in five years. Numerous opportunities exist for Parker to drive better margin performance. For example, Parker is a key supplier of systems to many new aircraft expected
to enter into service in the next several years. The amount of research and development expense historically required
to support this business has begun to come down. In addition, margin improvement strategies within the EMEA region, ongoing supply chain reductions, lean enterprise and value pricing are also expected to contribute to profitability.
A new initiative to increase margins comes from a strategy we call Simplification. Across our entire enterprise, we see
a myriad of opportunities to make improvements that reduce organizational complexity in the following four areas:
• In many of our businesses, the last 5% of sales requires
a disproportionate amount of our resources to service those sales. Opportunities exist to more efficiently service that “long tail” of product sales.
• In addition to traditional manufacturing restructuring, we want to strategically optimize our organizational structure and processes.

• While we are committed to
our decentralized division operating structure, in some cases we have sub-optimized divisions and created overlap in others. We have already begun consolidating divisions in our operating groups.
• We also see opportunities to reduce the bureaucracy that naturally develops as part of a large global enterprise.
We expect our Simplification strategies to not only reduce operating costs but also increase speed and growth and create
a better experience for our customers.
LOOKING AHEAD
Although success under the new Win Strategy will be achieved in stages, we will not be patient. Many actions are already underway and more will be jumpstarted as we roll out the new strategy to our team members in the months ahead. Speed will be a common theme across our operations because speed wins tomorrow’s customer.
Throughout this annual report
you will read details about the goals, strategies and measures of success for the new Win Strategy. If I were to sum up what I believe to be important for each of our four goals it would include the following highlights:
Engaged People
High engagement and ownership by our team members drives exceptional performance.
Premier Customer Experience
Moving from a service mindset to creating a great customer experience enables growth.
Profitable Growth
Implement strategies to grow organically 150 bps faster than the market.
Financial Performance
Top quartile financial performance versus our diversified industrial proxy peer group, with year-over- year growth in earnings.
Beyond these goals, a company like Parker owes its success, reputation and legacy to a strong culture and the values that our team members aspire to each day. We have a competitive and compassionate culture with a defined set of
values that reflect who we are as
a company. It is the reinforcement of this strong foundation, more
than any other measure, that will determine our success in the future.
All of us at Parker see tremendous opportunities to leverage our strengths and create a meaningful and positive contribution to society, our communities,
our customers and our shareholders. In doing so, we create opportunities for our team members to succeed as we share a common vision of Engineering Your Success.
Building on the legacy that has come before us is a significant challenge. Lee and I are fortunate to be surrounded by a cadre
of talented leaders to help us navigate the path forward and we are thankful for the hard work, dedication and support
of all of our team members. We also appreciate the guidance of Don and our Board during this leadership transition and you, our shareholders, for sharing our confidence in Parker’s long-term success.
Sincerely,
Thomas L. Williams
Chief Executive Officer
Lee C. Banks
President and Chief Operating Officer
Donald E. Washkewicz
Chairman of the Board
August 2015
   7
