Don Washkewicz, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, and Nick Vande Steeg, President and Chief Operating Officer.
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
In 2006, we delivered record results to our shareholders by executing the three pillars of our Win Strategy: Premier customer service, financial performance and profitable growth.
The cover of this year’s annual report illustrates the many dimensions that have enabled
Parker to become the premier diversified motion and control company. Indeed, diversification is one of our greatest strengths. We are diverse in our global scope, the products we manufacture, the markets we reach, the customers we serve, and the talented people we employ. Our motion and control technologies are virtually everywhere – saving energy, speeding processes, building infrastructure, ensuring safety and improving lives. This focused breadth of capabilities
helps us to mitigate market risk, counter business cyclicality, and create ongoing opportunities
for growth. We believe investors will find few companies better positioned for consistent long-term performance.
And while we are diverse, we are also united by a single common platform: The Parker Win Strategy. Now in its sixth year, Parker’s Win Strategy continues to be deployed across the globe in every part of our business. This simple framework provides each of our decentralized and entrepreneurial business units with operational clarity, the tools to execute, and the metrics to determine success. For shareholders, the result is a focused, yet diverse, company much greater than the sum of its parts.
Winning Results Everywhere
Our employees’ continued embrace of the Parker Win Strategy drove record results across the company in 2006.
• Sales climbed to $9.4 billion, an increase of 16.3 percent over 2005, with organic growth driving nearly half of the increase.
• Income from continuing operations increased 19.7 percent to a record $638.3 million, or $5.28 per diluted share, compared with $533.2 million or $4.43 per diluted share a year ago.
• Cash flow from operations reached a record $954.6 million or 10.2 percent of sales, surpassing last year’s record of $853.5 million.
• We increased our annual dividend for the 50th consecutive year, one of the longest records of dividend increases among the Standard & Poor’s 500.
• We achieved near top quartile return on invested capital among our peers.
• We were ranked in the top 10 percent among Barron’s magazine’s 500 best performing companies.

 
 Multiple Paths to New Business
While our 2006 results were tremendous, our growth prospects are even more exciting. The good news for shareholders is that we are not dependent on any single avenue to generate that growth.
Consider strategic acquisitions. Few companies in our space have our record of success. During the past year, we acquired thirteen motion and control businesses, adding nearly $1 billion in annualized revenues and thousands of talented employees. Of particular note:
• Domnick Hunter dramatically adds to one of our strongest performing and fastest growing businesses: Filtration.
• SSD Drives’ footprint in the U.S., Europe and China gives us a very strong position in the global electromechanical and drives market.
• Alliances with Taiyo and Kuroda Pneumatics evolved into majority positions, giving us additional growth platforms for Japan and the entire Asia Pacific region.
We continue to be our industry’s acquirer of choice. As we identify additional opportunities in 2007, we will continue to invest in a focused and disciplined way.
Internally, we’ve ramped up our efforts to develop breakthrough innovative products. Though our Winovation program is still in its
early stages, it is already yielding advancements such as intelligent hydraulic cylinders, regenerative filtration products, leak-sensing solenoid valves and conductive thermoplastics.
The marriage of acquired and internally developed products also increases our ability to grow through system solutions. Recent system wins include:
• Fuel, flight control and hydraulic systems for the new ARJ21 aircraft which will support the rapidly expanding civil aviation market in China. Market potential: Up to $300 million.
• A vehicle energy recovery system using hydraulic technology to improve fuel efficiency by up
to 50 percent. Initial market potential: Up to $150 million.
• A high-throughput autosampler system using motion, fluidic and sealing technologies to eliminate bottlenecks in bioanalytical sample processing. Market potential: Up to $10 million annually.
We also grow through our cross sales leads program. Cross leads arise when one business unit of Parker finds an opportunity for a sister unit. This year, approximately 1,000 cross leads worldwide generated millions of dollars in new business that might not otherwise have been captured.
Parker Continues Its Disciplined Approach To Strategic Acquisitions
DENQUIP, Hydraulics, South Africa
DOMNICK HUNTER, Filtration, UK
FILTRAN, Seal, US
HERL REFRIGERATION, Climate & Industrial Controls, Germany KENMORE INTERNATIONAL, Climate & Industrial Controls, UK KURODA PNEUMATICS, Automation, Japan
PORTER INSTRUMENT, Instrumentation, US RESISTOFLEX AEROSPACE, Aerospace, US SSD DRIVES, Automation, UK
STERLING HYDRAULICS, Hydraulics, UK TAIYO, Hydraulics, Japan
TEXLOC & PAGE, Fluid Connectors, US TTXE, Seal, US
Through it all, we have strategically maintained our roughly 50-50 balance between OEM and MRO business. This gives us the ability
to grow profitably throughout business cycles, supplying new products to original equipment makers when the economy is strong, and maintenance, repair and overhaul of parts when the cycle cools.
What’s more, our lean enterprise efforts are amplifying the effect of all of our growth platforms through continuous cost reduction and operating efficiencies.
Many Ways to Serve the Customer We believe in creating value for
our customers and shareholders through premier customer service. Everything begins with meeting
the customer’s delivery request date. Delivering when others can’t is often
 
Parker is diversified in its core components, all of which combine to create a focused company resistant to cyclicality, volatility, and risk. Our unique business model emphasizes decentralized divisions empowered to act quickly to meet customer needs.
 MARKETS
GEOGRAPHY
TECHNOLOGY
DISTRIBUTION
PEOPLE
OPERATIONS
CUSTOMERS
PRODUCTS
ACQUISITIONS
SERVICES

a strategic advantage for Parker.
Our current on-time delivery rate
of approximately 95 percent is rewarding us in the marketplace with strong orders. Using lean techniques and other elements of the Win Strategy, we’re usually able to bring the businesses we acquire to this same high level of performance relatively quickly.
Another service differentiator is
our global network of 12,000 independent distributor, wholesale and retail locations. Through this distinctive resource, Parker products and services are almost never out
of reach. Examples abound, from helping bring gas and oil producers back online in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina to repairing heavy equipment at China’s Three Gorges Dam, the world’s largest construction project.
Other value-added services, including custom manufacturing, inventory management, kitting, Hose Doctor service vans, online ordering and technical training, plus the long service and low turnover
of our workforce, continue to make Parker a preferred supplier for new and existing customers alike.
World of Market Opportunities
Parker technologies are essential to
a world in motion. Hundreds of industries rely on our engineering. Our hydraulics let us move massive loads. We automate factory assembly lines, and we shield the delicate electronics in hand-held devices. Our cooling expertise lets us chill everything from ice cream to computer chips. We filter drinking water and diesel fuel. We harvest crops, we generate power, and we fly. And emerging areas such as life sciences and fuel cells demonstrate our ability to apply our core expertise in new ways.
Global customer needs in these markets drive our geographic expansion. This year we added to
our operational, sales and service capabilities in numerous countries, including strategic growth regions such as India, China and Turkey. We will continue to follow our many customers wherever they may need us.
Investors can take comfort in this combination of market and geographic diversification. Clearly, our fortunes are not tied to any single market or business. We are positioning ourselves to weather volatility and for continued global growth.
Greater than the Sum of Our Parts Diversification within our industry is good. Our record performance in 2006 is proof of that. In 2007 and beyond, we will continue to capitalize on Parker’s many facets for the benefit of all our stakeholders.
Among our continuing goals:
• Compound growth rate of greater
than 10 percent.
• Top quartile return on invested
capital among our peers.
• Operating cash flow of greater
than 10 percent.
• Continued dividend growth.
So, as we close 2006, we thank our customers for giving us the opportunity to earn and maintain their business. We thank our distributors and business partners who continue to help us grow.
We thank our 57,000 talented and hard-working employees who continue to execute our Win Strategy. And we thank you, our shareholders, for entrusting us with the management of your investment in Parker, the premier diversified motion and control company.
Sincerely,
Donald E. Washkewicz
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Nickolas W. Vande Steeg
President and Chief Operating Officer
                                                                                                                                                                                                     PHconnect
                                                                                              The Win Strategy gives clarity to our people and operations around the world. Our vision of being the #1 motion and control company rests on the relentless execution of the strategy’s pillars of premier customer service, financial performance and profitable growth.

