 Letter to Shareholders
Don Washkewicz, Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President
                  By remaining focused on The Parker Win Strategy goals of premier customer service, financial performance and profitable growth, Parker employees around the world again delivered record results to shareholders, surpassing the $10 billion revenue milestone in the process.
Parker delivered record results in fiscal year 2007 by continuing to do what we do best: partnering with customers to drive their productivity and profitability. We are committed to our belief that when our customers and distributors are successful, we will be too. We’ve summed up what Parker stands for with a bold new tagline: Engineering Your Success. It appears on the cover of this year’s annual report and will soon appear in all of our communication materials. Simply put, Engineering Your Success is our promise to customers around the world.
To ensure that we remain the kind of enterprise capable of deliv- ering on this promise, we’re using a proven tool: The Parker Win Strategy. Launched in 2001, The Parker Win Strategy provides the blueprint through which employees are engineering success in every aspect of our organization.
Record Levels of Success
Fiscal year 2007 was a year of outstanding achievements:
• Sales reached $10.7 billion, an increase of 14.2 percent
over fiscal year 2006. Of the total growth amount, 5 percent was organic, 6 percent was from strategic acquisitions, and the remainder was from foreign currency exchange rates.
• Income from continuing operations increased 30 percent to a record $830.0 million compared with $638.3 million a year ago.
• Before including the recent three-shares-for-two stock split, diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $7.01 compared to $5.28 a year ago.
• Net income as a percent of net sales reached an all-time record 7.7 percent.
• Cash flow from operations reached a record $955.0 million or 8.9 percent of sales.
• Parker’s annual dividend increased for the 51st consecutive year, one of the top five longest records of dividend increases among the Standard & Poor’s 500.
• Since the end of the fiscal year, we increased our quarterly dividend paid to shareholders by more than 21 percent, bringing our total quarterly dividend increase to more than 65 percent over the last three years.
• Return on invested capital of 21.9 percent placed Parker among the top quartile of our peers.
• Parker’s stock price exceeded $100.00 a share on a pre-stock- split basis.
• The company also expanded and accelerated its share repurchases.
Profitable Global Growth
Each year, Parker aims to grow revenues by at least ten percent. We achieved that goal again this year through a balanced
mix of organic growth and growth through acquisitions.
Winovation, our program for developing innovative new prod- ucts that customers want, continued to deliver breakthroughs:
• Data-carrying smart seals in sections of oil rig drilling rods help sense the likelihood of finding oil or gas at any given site faster. Initial market potential: $20 million.
• Self cleaning, regenerative filtration systems that neutralize biological, nuclear and chemical contaminants. Initial market potential: $40 million.
• Microfluidic process controllers that control instruments in applications ranging from airport security to disease detection. Initial market potential: $50 million.
 3

                 4
 The company also continued to invest wisely in acquisitions that fit its motion and control technology portfolio.
• Acofab in France, Rayco Technologies in Singapore and Tecknit in the U.S. dramatically strengthened our global sealing and shielding platform.
• Cabett Subsea in the U.S and Rectus in Germany brought new technology and expanded distribution to our fluid and gas handling offering.
• Important product and regional niches were filled in climate control, filtration and hydraulics.
In addition, results from the acquisitions made a year ago continue to improve as integration activities are completed.
Taken together, our efforts have reshaped the company. Parker’s revenues and profits are now more balanced geographically, as the accompanying chart illustrates. This makes the company’s overall performance less susceptible to regional economic downturns when they occur. At the same time, we’ve kept our roughly 50/50 strategic mix between OEM and MRO business. We continue to apply Parker technologies in dozens of diverse markets.
Disciplined Strategic Acquisitions
A-FILTER ARLON, Filtration, Sweden
ACAL AIR CONDITIONING & REFRIGERATION, Climate Control, UK ACOFAB SAS, Sealing & Shielding, France
AIRTEK, Filtration, US
CABETT SUBSEA, Fluid & Gas Handling, US
SERVICIOS METALCROM LIMITADA, Hydraulics, Chile
POWER COMPONENTS of MIDWEST INC., Hydraulics, US
RAYCO TECHNOLOGIES, Sealing & Shielding, Singapore
RECTUS AG, Fluid & Gas Handling, Germany
SSD DRIVES INDIA, Electromechanical, India
TECKNIT, Sealing & Shielding, US
No single company offers a more comprehensive family of motion and control products than Parker. Increasingly, custom- ers are asking Parker to help engineer their success by combining our products into complete systems. In China, for example,
our technologies are driving one of the largest marine dredge systems ever constructed there. In the U.S., our climate control expertise is providing subsystems for geothermal heating and cooling units. Other examples include emission-reducing fan drive systems for construction vehicles; flight, hydraulic, and fuel control systems for nearly every plane flying today; and a full suite of life science solutions for anesthesia delivery, drug discov- ery, minimally invasive surgery and biomedical waste disposal.
Parker’s ultimate competitive advantage in serving customers has been built over more than sixty years: our global network of 12,000 distribution outlets that can provide our products nearly anytime, anywhere. Our relationships with distributors have never been stronger. Parker continues to give them the products, services and training they need to grow their businesses and ours. One of our fastest growing innovations, the ParkerStore, provides distributors with a tool to reach the walk-in MRO
or “industrial retail” marketplace untapped by competitors.
In sum, we follow our customers around the world and do what it takes to engineer their success. Centralized country sales offices, market-specific sales teams, on-site service centers, online tools and inventory management programs are among the many tools at our customers’ disposal. We believe that no company in our industry is better than Parker at providing customers with local engineering, local products and local service.
Building Greater Performance
The Win Strategy’s initiatives drive excellence on the fundamentals of purchasing, manufacturing and pricing. While Parker has already realized tremendous benefits from each of these initiatives, it is clear that there is still much to be gained.
 FY 2001
FY 2007
    Climate 9%
Aerospace 20%
Industrial International
Climate 10%
22%
$6.0 Billion Revenues
Industrial International
Industrial North America
49%
Aerospace 16%
Industrial North America
38%
36%
$10.7 Billion Revenues
  Delivering Customer Success
As the leader in the motion and control industry, Parker strives to be our customers’ trusted partner. These relation- ships are cultivated by listening closely to our customers and repeatedly providing them with value measured in real dol- lars: saved time, reduced waste, gained efficiency, expanded output, and increased profitability.
Customer trust is earned first by delivering quality products on-time. Parker’s performance level is among the best in class and allows us to win business when competitors fall short.

                 Parker’s strategic procurement initiative continues to deliver millions of dollars in savings. We partner with key suppliers, rewarding them with larger orders and long term business in exchange for continuous supply chain improvements. These agreements help us plan for and mitigate swings in the costs of raw materials.
Lean Enterprise is the way we operate our company around
the world. Tools such as standard work, value stream mapping, visual controls and error proofing are used to meet objective, measurable goals. As these tools are applied, inventory levels and capital expenditures go down while productivity, quality and return on net assets improve. We continue to see especially dramatic results as we introduce lean to recently acquired compa- nies. Lean is also taking hold in the office as areas such as finance, legal, and marketing reduce waste and improve productivity.
In terms of pricing, Parker has become adept at capturing the full value we provide our customers. Our ability to do just that was profiled in a front page Wall Street Journal article earlier this year.
These efforts are yielding results. Most telling is Parker’s margin improvement outside of North America. A dollar of sales inter- nationally today yields nearly the same level of profit as the rest of our industrial business. Regional downturns should no longer affect Parker as dramatically as they once did.
Empowered Employees Drive Success
At Parker, we trust that the people closest to the work know best how to improve their processes. The company’s decentralized structure allows employees to be entrepreneurial, reacting as they see fit to sudden or emerging opportunities to grow
the business.
We continue to develop a diversified group of leaders at all levels of the organization. Perhaps the best example of our bench strength: the seamless management transition following the retirement of President and Chief Operating Officer Nick Vande Steeg. Proven leaders Lee Banks, Bob Barker and Tom Williams were each named Senior Vice President and Operating Officer
to build on what’s already been done and to lead Parker into the future.
More Success to Come
Fiscal year 2007 was a great year at Parker. Our stock price reached record levels. Total shareholder return has outpaced the S&P 500 and S&P Industrial indices over three, five and ten years. Yet, employees throughout the organization insist “the best is yet to come.” I know they are right.
Parker’s future goals include:
• Continued #1 position in the global motion and control market
• Compound revenue growth rate of greater than 10 percent
• Top quartile return on invested capital among our peer group
• Market share of 20 percent
• Continued dividend growth
• Technology leadership and a continuous flow of innovative new products
What may be most exciting is that our target market potential has greatly expanded. This year we completely reassessed our market opportunities to account for the effects of recent acquisitions and internal technology developments. Our true opportunity is now more than double previous assessments.
We feel it will be hard for our competitors to match the continued success of Parker because of our technologies, our diversification, our structure and our people. The need for Parker products and technologies continues to grow. Wherever the stan- dard of living is increasing, Parker is there to satisfy basic needs in the areas of energy, food and water, healthcare, infrastructure and the environment. With each succeeding year, we are proving that our success is predictable and repeatable. Management incentives are aligned to maximize shareholder value. The future is bright. On behalf of our employees, I thank you, our share- holders, for giving us the opportunity to engineer your success.
Sincerely,
Donald E. Washkewicz Chairman, CEO and President
  u The Win Strategy gives clarity to our people and operations around the world. Our vision of being the #1 motion and control company rests on the strategy’s pillars of premier customer service, financial performance and profitable growth.
5
