                 Letter to Shareholders
 Fiscal 2011 was a particularly gratifying year
for Parker. Not only did we mark the 10-year anniversary of the Win Strategy, but we also celebrated all-time record performance. Just a short distance removed from the deep global recession of the past two years, Parker delivered higher net margin performance than in any period in our history.
Our performance reflects our strategy – and we are winning. Yet we still have a lot of work to do on the Win Strategy, and it will remain the focus of our 58,000 employees globally as we continue to empower them to propel our performance to new heights well into the future.
A FOCUS ON THE FUNDAMENTALS
The Win Strategy is all about operational excellence and growth. The first two pillars of the Win Strategy – Premier Customer Service and Financial Performance – keep us focused on the fundamentals of our business enabling Parker to grow and grow profitably. These are the basics
of how every one of our 142 divisions operate – driving premier customer service and operational excellence through lean operations, strategic pricing and strategic procurement. With this focus, there is no limit to what we can achieve financially. Our investments in leadership, teams and training in each one of these areas will help drive our future financial performance.
  Donald E. Washkewicz, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
  3

Throughout fiscal 2011, we witnessed steady improvement in demand as the global economy exhibited sustained recovery. Our record performance for the year included the following highlights:
• Improved order rates contributed to record
Fiscal 2011 was a year to celebrate our achievements and to reflect upon how far we have come in the 10 years since we adopted the Win Strategy. As we look to the future, our focus on the fundamentals of our business will remain strong as we continue to drive profitable growth.
12.3
sales of $12.3 billion, a 23.5% increase compared with fiscal 2010.
• We were able to effectively leverage increased
sales by driving record total segment operating margins, which reached 14.8%.
• Net income was a record and surpassed the
$1 billion mark for the first time at $1.1 billion.
• Earnings per share were also a record $6.37, an 87% increase over fiscal 2010.
• Importantly, we generated $1.2 billion in net cash
from operating activities. This allowed us to pay down outstanding debt to reach a year-end debt to debt-shareholders’ equity ratio of 24.7%.
• We increased the dividend three times in fiscal
2011, for a total increase of 24%, marking our 55th consecutive fiscal year of increasing our annual dividends paid to shareholders.
• Taking advantage of attractive valuation levels, we repurchased eight million shares for $693 million, reiterating our confidence in Parker as an investment.
• Lean initiatives improved productivity to
support increased volume levels. As a result, sales per employee reached $218,000, an increase of 16% from the prior year and an all-time record.
• We remained focused on our number-one
goal of premier customer service with on-time
delivery of 88.7% for quality line-items shipped
complete.
PROFITABLE GROWTH
Over the last several years we have shifted more of our focus to the third pillar, or growth side, of the Win Strategy. We are taking a balanced approach to driving sustainable, profitable growth for Parker. Considering that we have doubled the size of the company since the inception of the Win Strategy, we have been doing an effective job of delivering on our commitment to grow.
We follow a path that targets 10% compound
annual growth over the economic cycle. This is accomplished by driving organic growth, acquiring new assets that complement our portfolio of businesses, expanding our footprint in global markets, and extending our distribution network.
The basic principle of our strategy is targeted
at improving our customers’ productivity and profitability. Our organic growth derives from concentrated efforts to develop innovative products and systems that help Parker deliver more value to customers. The introduction of our innovation initiative, Winovation, in 2005 raised the bar in developing and introducing new products to the world and to our markets.
We believe Winovation has the potential to add an
incremental 2.5% to 4% to core revenue growth over the current economic cycle. Representative projects from fiscal 2011 included:
• Highly Resistive Fuel Union – Patent-pending
technology, for use in commercial aircraft with composite wing and/or fuselage structures, that creates an electrically resistive fuel line union to protect against damage in the event of a lightning strike.
• Steerable Drill Diaphragm Sealing System –
Patent-pending technology, focused specifically on the oil and gas market, that allows flexing at the drill head to enable directional drilling to increase oil extraction.
4
                  $
 
                 • Power Grid Support Systems – Strategic collaboration among several divisions
at Parker has led to the creation of two systems that are supporting power grids in traditional and customized applications. Our drive technology is being used to efficiently manage demand in “Smart Grid” applications that convert and store power generated
from traditional, coal-fired plants as well as renewable energy sources. Parker’s grid-tie electrical power conversion system converts surplus power for battery storage and infuses that stored energy back to the grid during peak hours. Our patented thermal management solution for grid-tie power systems is used in tandem to maintain a consistent thermal environment for these innovative energy storage systems.
Our new product development effort is complemented by the expansion of a strong distribution network which, at more than 13,000 service points, is regarded as one of the most powerful industrial distribution networks in our industry. This channel represents approximately 50% of our industrial sales, with the other half coming from our original equipment manufacturer (OEM) channel, an optimal combination for our business.
In fiscal 2011, we broadened our retail distribution network with 104 new HOSE DOCTOR® service vans and 271 new ParkerStores. Additionally, we rebranded our retail distribution network under the ParkerStore brand for all service points. We are nearing 2,000 ParkerStores globally, serving our maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) customers. Regional expansion of this burgeoning network, particularly in Europe and Asia, is a high priority for us.
Geographic expansion of our business continues to be a critical aspect of our growth strategy.
For example, in the next several years we anticipate tripling our revenues in Asia Pacific alone. We continue to localize our presence in this key international market, taking advantage
of growth rates driven by local demand. In fiscal 2011, we opened nine new facilities and added approximately 500 employees in Asia Pacific, and we will continue to invest in the region.
Supporting these growth initiatives, we continue
to acquire companies that bring us expanded
or complementary products, new technology,
or an extended geographic footprint. In fiscal
2011 we completed three acquisitions totaling approximately $65 million in revenues. We acquired Micro Thermo Technologies of Canada to extend our systems capabilities in climate control markets, HDA Acessorios e Equipamentos Ltd. of Brazil to expand our presence in the Latin America hydraulic filtration market and U.S.-based Gulf Coast Seal Ltd. to build on our oil and gas market presence.
WHERE WE ARE GOING
Just as the Win Strategy has driven outstanding performance for the past 10 years, we are confident that we can build on our foundation
and our leading market position to achieve even higher levels of performance in the coming years. Our focus on premier customer service, financial performance and profitable growth, backed by the hard work and dedication of our employees, will continue to drive our success.
As always, I thank you, my fellow shareholders, for sharing my confidence in the future of Parker.
Sincerely,
Don Washkewicz, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
August 2011
    5
 