 LETTER TO PULTEGROUP OWNERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
Almost 70 years ago, a teenage Bill Pulte began construction of his first home, and in the process set the cornerstone of what would grow into one of the largest and most successful homebuilding companies in the country. In a world where less than one-third of new businesses ever get to celebrate their 10-year anniversary, PulteGroup’s long history of success is a testament to Bill’s vision and the passionate people who have worked here over the years.
In September 2016, I was honored to be tasked with carrying the banner of Bill’s legacy into the future, having been named president and CEO of this outstanding organization. In the weeks following this announcement, I was often asked if I planned to make many changes in how we run the business. While the short answer is “no,” the longer response is that I do see opportunities to build upon the programs we have put in place to drive long-term operating and financial success at PulteGroup.
For the past six years, we have worked tirelessly to improve our fundamental business performance with the goal of delivering higher returns on invested capital and, ultimately, creating value for PulteGroup shareholders. Our work has included implementing new initiatives and process changes to enhance gross margin, and improve our overhead leverage and inventory turns...all of which are fundamental drivers of ROIC. Our efforts have included:
• Decreasing the years supply of land that we own by investing in smaller, faster turning projects, while increasing the amount of land we control via option. The combination helping to improve returns and reduce enterprise risk.
• Implementing programs to support our gross margins, including strategic pricing, should-costing, value engineering and the development of consumer-inspired floor plans that can be commonly managed and built more efficiently across multiple markets.
• Organizational changes and realignments to help increase the efficiency of our SG&A spend and support our operating margins.
As a result of these and other efforts, PulteGroup’s operating metrics and overall business performance have risen to be among the industry leaders. Our 2016 financial results show homebuilding revenues grew 28% over 2015 to $7.5 billion, driven primarily by a 16% increase in closings to 19,951 homes. Benefiting from the initiatives we have advanced over the past few years, our reported 2016 gross and operating margins of 25.0% and 12.2%, respectively, sit atop or are among the best in the industry. Given our starting point in the bottom half of the peer group, we are proud of the gains PulteGroup has realized.
Demonstrating the sustained path of improvement in our operating performance, reported pretax income over the past five years increased from $184 million in 2012 to $934 million in 2016; a gain of more than 400%. What makes this expansion all the more impressive is that it was realized on only a 21% increase in the number of homes delivered annually.
2016 ANNUAL REPORT | PulteGroup, Inc. 1

 LETTER TO PULTEGROUP OWNERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
 Pretax Income ($ millions)
Given this type of success, you can appreciate why I don’t see the need to make wholesale changes in how we manage the business. While my view is that few changes
$1,000 are needed, I believe minor adjustments can still have a
  $900
$800
$700
$600
$500
$400
$300
$200
$100
$0
meaningful impact on our ongoing success.
First, in markets where we choose to operate, we need to have sufficient size and scale to compete effectively. I think relative market share matters when it comes to seeing the best land deals, having leverage with our trades and providing growth and development opportunities for our employees.
Over the past five years, our land investment has been weighted toward serving move-up buyers, and for good reason; this is where the housing recovery has been the strongest, allowing us to generate superior returns on our invested capital. Consistent with our investments, 43% of our 2016 closings were to move-up and luxury buyers, up from 37% in 2015, while 29% of closings were among first-time buyers and 28% were active adults.
               2012 2013 2014
2015 2016
 While developing communities for move-up buyers will certainly remain a core component of our business, I want to make sure we are not missing growth opportunities among the other two primary buyer groups: first- time and active adults. These buyers are typically associated with the country’s two biggest demographic segments: Millennials and Baby Boomers, and with an estimated 75 million people in each group, we want to make sure PulteGroup takes full advantage of the opportunities.
Total home sales in any given market can be categorized into discrete buyer groups, allowing us to create an overall market index. Similar to investors benchmarking against the S&P 500, we can assess the mix of buyers we serve, broadly indexed against a market’s overall composition. This type of business assessment can help identify additional market opportunities that I believe can put us in position to further grow our operations, while diversifying market risk.
We already incorporate this market analysis into our division-level strategic planning process, so I do not expect to see a dramatic shift in our investment practices. Still, I want to make sure we are always challenging ourselves and looking to identify additional consumers for us to serve within projects that can deliver high returns on invested capital.
2 PulteGroup, Inc. | 2016 ANNUAL REPORT
Up 409%

 LETTER TO PULTEGROUP OWNERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
Second, we can be more efficient with our land investments and overall asset base. In 2011, at the bottom of the last housing cycle, we owned approximately eight years of homebuilding lots. Through a combination of effective asset management, the sale of non-core assets and focusing our land investments on faster-turning projects, we had reduced our owned lots to less than five years at the end of 2016. In the future, I would like to see the years of lots owned continuing to decrease gradually, while the years of lots controlled via option increase. By adjusting the ratio of owned vs. optioned, the potential exists to enhance returns while lowering portfolio risk.
Third, having worked hard to raise our operating margins to among the industry leaders, we need to maintain this strong competitive position. As such, we must be relentless in our efforts to lower building costs and capture efficiencies throughout our homebuilding operations. In an environment where labor resources are constrained and likely remain a source of cost pressure, lowering material costs and simplifying our construction processes are critical to supporting our gross margin.
More Efficient Land Investment
 120,000 100,000 80,000 60,000 40,000 20,000
Lots Owned
Years Owned
9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
                   00 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016
  While we work to lower our house costs, we also need to be efficient in our overhead spend. In 2016, we took direct action to reduce overheads as we worked toward our stated goal of decreasing SG&A to an estimated 12.5% of homebuilding revenues in 2017. Looking beyond 2017, I believe we can further leverage our overheads as we expand our operations, while remaining disciplined in controlling our spend.
And finally, underpinning all of our efforts is a desire to continue raising the bar on the quality of homes we build and the homebuying experience we deliver. Early in this company’s history, Bill Pulte used to talk about “delighting the customer” because a delighted customer enthusiastically refers others. From a customer’s first interactions on our website or at a model home to the closing and post-close service we deliver, our goal is to give our customers an outstanding experience: every day, every house, and every homeowner. In today’s socially connected world, having the passionate endorsement of our customers is more important than ever.
As my comments suggest, I see our future as very much a continuation of the work we have been pursuing for the past six years. The significant gains we have realized in operating and financial performance demonstrate that we are clearly on the right path; we just need to refine and recommit to ensure the ongoing success of our efforts.
2016 ANNUAL REPORT | PulteGroup, Inc. 3
Total Lots Owned
Years of Lots Owned

 LETTER TO PULTEGROUP OWNERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
I also expect that the future of the housing recovery will be very similar to the trends we have been experiencing since 2011; a slow but sustained expansion in industry-wide sales. This is a recovery that yielded new home sales of approximately 560,000 houses in 2016, an 84% increase from the cyclical low of 2011, but still 14% below the 50 year average for this country. We expect housing demand to continue to benefit from improving macroeconomic conditions, sustained job creation and strong consumer confidence, all of which are supportive of increasing household formations. At the same time, we expect to continue to benefit from opportunities relating to the huge demographic bookends of Millennials and Baby Boomers who will influence housing demand for many years to come.
Given favorable market dynamics and a very strong industry position, we are optimistic about PulteGroup’s business heading into 2017. We are, however, mindful of the dynamic times we are living in, and in particular the potential for a rising interest rate environment and any resulting impact on consumers. Assuming any future rate increases are measured and executed over an extended period, and are supported by true gains in the underlying economy, we would expect the impact on housing demand to be modest, especially in the relatively higher price points where the Company typically operates within each buyer group.
In conclusion, as an organization, we are proud of the tremendous strides we have made toward improving the operating and financial performance of our Company. We should, however, be equally excited about the opportunities we have to raise our performance even higher. The successes we have achieved in the past, and expect to surpass in the future, are only possible through the sustained commitment of the men and women who work at PulteGroup, supported by a dedicated team of trade partners and suppliers. I thank each of you and our shareholders for your unwavering support for our Company.
Sincerely,
Ryan Marshall
President and Chief Executive Officer
 4 PulteGroup, Inc. | 2016 ANNUAL REPORT
