 LETTER TO PULTEGROUP OWNERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
2
PulteGroup, Inc. |
2010 ANNUAL REPORT
Beyond
long-term land
opportunities,
we expect to
improve margins
through ongoing
initiatives
focused on
reducing
homebuilding construction costs.
As has been our strategy throughout the protracted down leg of the current housing cycle, in 2010 we continued to focus on improving margins, lowering overheads and advancing our land strategies. Steady gains in each of these areas were critical to our improved performance in 2010, and to strengthening our market position heading into 2011.
Adjusted gross margin, defined on page 27 of the attached Form 10-K, in 2010 was 16.7%, compared with12.3%in2009,aswerealizedimproved results across all of our homebuilding brands: Centex, Pulte Homes and Del Webb. The 440 basis point increase in homebuilding gross margin reflects lower selling incentives, actions to reduce directconstructioncostsandthemixofhomes closed during the period.
Even with a year-over-year increase of 36%, we recognize that our gross margin can and needs
to expand further, as we currently lag industry averages. Our decision to retain critical land positions will benefit us greatly in the future,
but right now embedded margins are lower than those associated with distressed land deals some builders have been purchasing over the past 24 months. In 2011, sales from recently acquired distressed land transactions are expected to climb to 15% or higher of our total closings, compared with less than 5% in 2010, as we benefit from new selling efforts where gross margins can average 300 basis points higher than our legacy positions.
Beyond long-term land opportunities, we expect to improve margins through ongoing initiatives focused on reducing homebuilding construction costs. Achieving better results requires doing some things smarter, but it also requires doing some things differently, even if
IIN 2010 WE MADE SIGNIFICANT PROGRESS IN REPOSITIONING PULTEGROUP WITHIN A VERY CHALLENGING OPERATING ENVIRONMENT. HEADING INTO THE YEAR, WE OPERATED UNDER A PLANNING ASSUMPTION THAT NEW HOME DEMAND WOULD BE FLAT TO DOWN SLIGHTLY RELATIVE TO 2009, BUT NEW HOME SALES WERE WORSE THAN FORECASTED AND ULTIMATELY DECLINED 14%, AS HOMEBUYERS MOVED TO THE SIDELINES OR SOUGHT “FORECLOSURE DEALS” WITHIN THE EXISTING HOME MARKET. FORTUNATELY, WE HAD UNDERWAY A SERIES OF INITIATIVES FOCUSED ON DRIVING MEANINGFUL IMPROVEMENT IN KEY AREAS OF OUR BUSINESS. THE END RESULT OF OUR HARD WORK WAS A HOMEBUILDING OPERATION THAT FOUGHT ITS WAY BACK TO ROUGHLY BREAKEVEN, AFTER ADJUSTING FOR CHARGES TAKEN DURING THE YEAR.
  
 this means unwinding certain decisions made previously. When our construction volumes were approaching 50,000 houses a year, standardized specifications and centralized purchasing of most product lines were advantageous. At our lower volumes, it makes sense for us to push more of these activities down to our divisional teams.
As part of our 2010 organizational restructuring, we gave greater control back to our field operations to drive house construction costs lower. We also implemented actions to wind down our plant-based operations in Phoenix and Las Vegas, where low volumes had turned plant efficiencies into a margin drag of a
couple hundred basis points for the divisions. While having to change course on previous strategies is frustrating, it is the right action to drive meaningful change and to capture more significant savings. In hindsight, we should have made the changes sooner, but we are now well down the path toward improved results.
Throughout the downturn, we worked to align our organizational size and overhead costs to shrinking consumer demand for new homes. This has been a necessary but painful process because in so many instances such cuts meant directly impacting peoples’ livelihood. On a reported basis, adjusting for charges, SG&A spending
as a percentage of 2010 revenue dropped 200 basis points from the prior year. From our peak in 2005, we are on track to reducing staffing levels at PulteGroup by more than 70% including restructuring our business in 2010 to further consolidate operating areas and divisions and to reduce corporate staff.
While we see signs that housing has found a bottom, we remain committed to lower overhead costs and to maximizing overhead leverage, so we are reducing costs even further in 2011. Through a series of cost-saving initiatives implemented last year, we expect to drop full-year 2011 SG&A costs, on an adjusted basis, by $100 million when compared with 2010. Again, these actions are never easy, but they were required as we push
toward our goal of returning PulteGroup back to consistent and meaningful profitability.
To a homebuilder, land is arguably its most critical input, which makes a company’s land strategy a vital part of the business. As mentioned earlier, our fundamental strategy has been to retain select land assets with the expectation that entitled (zoning approved) and developed lots will be scarce when the housing cycle turns
up. Given the almost complete absence of land entitlement and development work over the past five years, we believe the strategy will prove to be the right one over the long-term.
Throughout
the downturn,
we worked
to align our
organizational
size and
overhead
costs to
shrinking consumer demand for new homes.
 In the short-term, the unprecedented collapse of housing provided opportunities to purchase land assets at distressed pricing that was below replacement costs. In focusing on the land assets obtained through our merger with Centex, PulteGroup had been less active than other builders in acquiring distressed assets. Once the merger was finalized, we became much more involved having completed over 100 land deals since late 2009.
We view these transactions as having provided an opportunistic transition strategy, but in reality they are small in number and size, and they are growing increasingly scarce in the market. And when they are gone, they are gone. With 147,000 lots under control, we expect to be advantaged later in the housing cycle given our access to a large land supply with lower embedded costs.
THE YEAR AHEAD
After five brutal years, has the U.S. housing market finally found the bottom? At several points during this phase of the housing cycle, the industry mistakenly answered yes to this question. There are reasons to be optimistic that conditions are bouncing along a very low bottom and could soon be moving higher. As the accompanying graphs demonstrate, years of overbuilding have been offset by years of under-building to where much of the surplus of new homes should have
2010 ANNUAL REPORT
| PulteGroup, Inc. 3

 LETTER TO PULTEGROUP OWNERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
 Wehave
weathered what
we believe is
the worst of this
housing storm.
Repositioning
the business has
been an arduous
process, but I am
confident in our
position heading
into 2011.
been absorbed. While excess foreclosed inventory remains a significant overhang, the industry has done a good job of curtailing the flow of new homesintothemarket.
So to the question of,“Are we there, yet?” Our answer is that we’ll likely only know for sure when we see it in the rear view mirror. More importantly, we have to run our business to compete successfully given today’s market environment, while positioning ourselves to capitalize on the upturn in demand when it comes.
As discussed at the outset of this letter, in 2010 we implemented actions to fundamentally improve our business and our financial performance. Further, we ended 2010 with $1.5 billion in cash, after having retired more than $1 billion in debt and other bond obligations during the year, so we have the needed financial flexibility to operate effectively. Beyond having the capacity to continue riding out tough market conditions, we have sufficient resources to fund the business’s working capital needs when demand rebounds. We believe that our land assets in combination with our
financial resources will provide a competitive advantage when housing demand returns.
In a speech I was asked to give late in 2010 I commented that when times are good, it’s hard to envision them backsliding or notice the ominous signs growing larger in the windshield. The same can be said of the downside, but at some point, we have to stop looking out the windows at the carnage on either side of the car, and look out the windshield to the future. Somewhere in the midst of the downturn you have to purposefully plan for the successful recovery of the company, and that is exactly what we have done.
We have weathered what we believe is the
worst of this housing storm. Repositioning the business has been an arduous process, but I am confident in our position heading into 2011. Equally important, we have planned for the long- term success of PulteGroup as the housing cycle evolves and ultimately moves higher.
On behalf of the entire leadership team and PulteGroup’s Board of Directors, I want to thank our customers, employees, shareholders and trade partners who remain passionate supporters of the Company. We look forward to building on the strong foundation in place at PulteGroup.
Sincerely,
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
 EXCESS SUPPLY OF NEW U.S. HOMES HAS BEEN GREATLY REDUCED
Cumulative excess/deficit (millions)
Total U.S. housing starts (millions)
Source: U.S. Census Bureau; NAHB
Median = 1.5 million
    4
PulteGroup, Inc.
|
2010 ANNUAL REPORT
 