 LETTER TO PULTEGROUP SHAREHOLDERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
IIN 2009, THE HOMEBUILDING INDUSTRY FACED A FOURTH CONSECUTIVE YEAR OF PROFOUND ECONOMIC CHALLENGES. AFTER PEAKING AT APPROXIMATELY 1.3 MILLION IN 2005, NEW HOME SALES HAVE FALLEN IN THE SUBSEQUENT FOUR YEARS TO 373,000 HOUSES IN 2009, A DECLINE OF 23% FROM THE PRIOR YEAR AND 71% FROM THE PEAK. THE SEVERITY OF THIS INDUSTRY DOWNTURN IS UNPRECEDENTED IN OUR HISTORY, BUT IT IS IMPORTANT TO REMEMBER THAT PULTEGROUP HAS SUCCESSFULLY WORKED THROUGH ITS SHARE OF LOCAL AND NATIONAL HOUSING CYCLES, AS 2010 WILL MARK OUR 60TH YEAR IN THE BUSINESS.
It was 1950 when Bill Pulte built his first home in Detroit, and since that time the company he founded has grown into the nation’s largest homebuilder, having delivered over 550,000 homes. This is an accomplishment that deserves recognition and one that speaks volumes about what PulteGroup stands for as a company, an employer and a corporate citizen. As we continue to work aggressively to navigate the turbulent economic waters resulting from the second-worst recession in U.S. history, it is important to know that PulteGroup possesses the leadership and expertise to endure, and ultimately emerge in a strong market position.
As in the past, we have responded quickly in the current cycle to adjust our operating strategies to the lower demand levels. We modified business
practices, reduced house and overhead costs and focused on conserving cash — all while remaining focused on exceeding homebuyer expectations.
Even with 60 years of experience, we cannot say if 2009 will ultimately prove to be the bottom, or where the economy will go from here. What experience has taught us however, is that
even in difficult times, opportunities exist for companies willing and able to take bold action. Such an opportunity presented itself in the form of our merger with Centex Homes, a company that shares our deep commitments to quality, customer service, operational excellence and people development. In combination, PulteGroup and Centex have delivered over 1,000,000 homes during their respective histories.
 4 PulteGroup, Inc.
| SIXTY YEARS OF HISTORY
  
  There are many long-term strategic benefits to this merger, but at its foundation we saw this as a way to accelerate PulteGroup’s return to profitability, which is our primary near-term priority. Properly integrated, we can operate the two businesses with essentially one management structure, allowing us to realize an estimated $440 million in synergies and related savings. Internal analysis has also identified an incremental $150 million to $200 million in purchasing-related savings, which the Company is already working to capture.
Beyond these more immediate synergies,
there are opportunities for us to advance our building practices through the adoption of select components from Centex’s operating model, which is more planned-production oriented
in its approach. We had implemented similar production methodologies on a regional basis, but Centex was further along in rolling out these practices on a national scale. By integrating acquired systems, business processes and training into our established Pulte Operating System,
we can move more rapidly in deploying best practices throughout the combined organization.
Through the merger, we gained access to roughly 60,000 lots, of which approximately 50% were fully developed, in key markets including Washington, D.C., the Carolinas and Texas. Many of these communities can serve the first-time buyer segment, which helps to balance PulteGroup’s overall market
position. Following the merger, each of the first-time, move-up and active adult segments comprise approximately 30 percent of our customer base, with the remaining 10 percent serving the second move-up or luxury buyer. Related to this diversified market position, the merger also serves to advance our innovative marketing strategy, through which we will overlay customer-specific brands on our unique Targeted Consumer Group (TCG) methodology. This will allow us to position the Centex brand squarely for first-time homebuyers, PulteGroup for move-up buyers, and continue to lead the industry among active adult homebuyers with the Del Webb brand.
In the time between merger announcement
and close, we invested significant resources in planning for the integration and in identifying the best management talent from both organizations. This upfront investment allowed us to move confidently and quickly into the post-close integration phase and to begin building a shared, supportive corporate culture. We now look forward to reaping the financial and competitive benefits of this powerful business combination in 2010 and beyond.
In 2010, Pulte unveiled its new name and identity as part of its strategic branding initiative.
There are many long-term strategic benefits to this merger, but at
its foundation
wesawthisasa
way to accelerate
PulteGroup’s return
to profitability,
which is our primary near-term priority.
         Year-End Cash Position ($in Millions)
$2,000
$1,500
$1,000
$500
      $0
2006 2007
2008 2009
  Lots Under Control
250,000
200,000
150,000
100,000
50,000
Pending Optioned Owned
                 0
2006 2007
2008 2009
  2009 ANNUAL REPORT
| PulteGroup, Inc. 5
 
 LETTER TO PULTEGROUP SHAREHOLDERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
 For most companies, operating successfully for 60 years suggests that you are doing a lot of things right. For PulteGroup, we believe it means we have done two things right a lot of the time: exceeded customers’ expectations for quality and service, and hired the right people who are committed to delivering on that promise every day.
2009 RESULTS
Given that our homebuilding operations are established throughout the country’s major metro markets, it makes sense that PulteGroup’s operating and financial results mirrored the key trends seen in the broader housing market of lower unit volumes and reduced house prices. Inclusive of Centex’s operations for the last
four and a half months of the year, PulteGroup reported 2009 consolidated revenues of
$4.1 billion, down 35% from 2008, as house settlements fell by 29% and average selling prices dropped 9% to $258,000. In direct response
to the lower volumes, we worked aggressively over the year to adjust overhead spending and resize our workforce to better match overall market conditions. As a result of these actions, reported homebuilding SG&A was reduced by approximately $146 million, compared with prior year expenditures.
For 2009, PulteGroup reported a net loss of $3.94 per share, compared with a net loss of $5.81
per share in 2008. As in the prior two years, the loss for 2009 largely reflects significant charges related to asset impairments and land-related charges totaling $1.5 billion, plus approximately $138 million in adjustments and costs associated with the Centex merger. These charges were partially offset by $793 million in income tax benefits, primarily related to newly enacted tax legislation that extended the carryback period
of net operating losses from two years to five years. Reporting a loss for 2009 is extremely disappointing to the leadership team, but within the annual figure the quarter-to-quarter trends for the business showed improvement as gross margins before impairments and interest expense increased significantly over the course of the year.
Beyond the income statement, our operating results and the Centex merger had a significant impact on PulteGroup’s balance sheet, as we ended the year with $1.9 billion in cash after having paid down $1.9 billion of the combined company’s outstanding senior notes. Our large cash balance, which is expected to further benefit from $955 million in anticipated tax refunds,
and limited debt maturities for the next three years, puts us in a solid position from which to manage our business. Should conditions remain challenging, we have the financial resources
to continue riding out the storm. Ideally, we
would see demand accelerate, at which time our available cash (and robust pipeline of finished lots) provides a ready source of working capital in an industry where such funding is currently scarce.
PulteGroup’s year-end balance sheet also reflects a continuation of strategies to minimize cash outlays such as land purchases, as we used equity in acquiring Centex’s 60,000 lots and emphasized option transactions in acquiring an additional 6,000 lots throughout the year. We also were successful in lowering our unsold inventory, which dropped 20% to just under 2,800 homes
in production, even after accounting for unsold inventory acquired via the Centex merger. In addition to freeing up dollars for other uses, reducing our unsold inventory puts us in a stronger selling position and can help minimize the need to lower prices during the selling process. We’ll look to continue this model in 2010, as we see multiple business advantages in the strategy.
LOOKING AHEAD
With increased signs that the housing cycle
may have reached a bottom, it is appropriate to reflect on how leadership can learn from events to better position PulteGroup in the future. From 2003 to 2006, the emphasis was on growth, and the control of land assets to fuel that growth, with less focus on return on invested capital. Fortunately, consistent with our practice, we maintained a very conservative balance sheet, which has proven critical to our successes during the severe economic downturn.
Learning from the past, we will be much more balanced in running the business for both growth and returns in the future, and have adjusted compensation programs in alignment with this strategy. When housing demand returns, and market conditions become more normalized,
it is still reasonable to expect that annual price
6
PulteGroup, Inc. |
SIXTY YEARS OF HISTORY
 
 appreciation will be more measured than
the accelerated gains of the past. Given this environment, overall construction efficiency will be critical to sustaining and expanding margins. In merging with Centex, we are incorporating
key elements of their planned-production into our Pulte Operating System allowing us to better optimize construction activities across entire markets, while more tightly linking the marketing, selling, construction and closing processes.
We expect the resulting efficiencies can help reduce construction costs and ultimately support expanded margin opportunities.
In the 2009 J.D. Power and Associates survey on customer satisfaction, PulteGroup again led the industry, as we have done repeatedly since the study was introduced in 2000. We also continued to advance our sustainability initiatives, and were honored as the recipient of the 2009 Leadership for Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Award by the U.S. Green Building Council.
The need to satisfy customers, build homes of superior quality and integrate more eco-friendly design and building practices all remain long- term foundational elements for our company. Over the short-term, however, we have a
more singular focus: returning PulteGroup to profitability. With the industry hinting at greater stability, we must capitalize on merger-related and broader-market opportunities to return PulteGroup to profitability.
For most companies, operating successfully for 60 years suggests that you are doing a lot of things right. For PulteGroup, we believe it means we have done two things right a lot of the time: exceeded customers’ expectations for quality and service, and hired the right people who
are committed to delivering on that promise every day. This is a philosophy embedded in
the company Bill Pulte founded 60 years ago, and one that we will continue to embrace post-his retirement. We also carry with us Bill’s unfailing optimism, humility and deep-rooted faith in people. Bill taught all of us that while it’s important to win, it’s more important to win the
right way — and that means treating employees, customers, suppliers and shareholders fairly
and with respect.
To the homeowners who have bought more than 1,000,000 Pulte and Centex homes over the past 60 years, to the employees and trade partners who have delivered them, and to the shareholders who have supported us, we say a heartfelt “thank you.”
As with all years, 2010 will have its opportunities and challenges, but I have never been more excited or confident in PulteGroup and its ability to deliver long-term success.
Sincerely,
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
Learning from
the past, we
will be much
more balanced
in running the business for both growth and returns in the future, and have adjusted compensation programs in alignment with this strategy.
  2009 ANNUAL REPORT
| PulteGroup, Inc. 7
  