 LETTER TO PULTEGROUP OWNERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
We continue to believe that U.S. housing is in the early stages of a multiyear recovery in demand being driven by limited inventory of existing and new homes, historically low mortgage rates, high rental rates and the gradual release of pent-up demand created during the collapse of housing. Given this view, we increased our land acquisition and development expenditures from $1.0 billion in 2012 to $1.3 billion in 2013, and have authorized $2.0 billion for investment in 2014. We continue to acquire land under a disciplined process, evaluating each project against a 13-point risk-adjusted return scale with a willingness to delay investment if suitable projects cannot be identified.
For all the progress we have made, we continue to see further opportunities to drive construction efficiency and to improve returns going forward. Of particular importance, we are still early in the rollout of common plan management, which is our comprehensive process that integrates consumer-based product development with efficient design and construction practices, to create innovative new products. The resulting series of floor plans for first-time, move-up and active-adult consumers can then be shared across multiple markets allowing them to be built in greater volumes. In 2013, only 16 percent of PulteGroup’s deliveries were commonly managed, which is well shy of the 70 percent we expect to achieve in the next few years.
Opportunities also remain to more effectively use our strong financial position to support the Company’s long- term returns. We have worked hard to build a balance sheet that provides the Company with tremendous financial flexibility. As we demonstrated in 2013, we can allocate capital into appropriate uses: invest in the business, pay down debt, pay dividends and/or repurchase shares, dependent upon how we view the opportunity to increase shareholder value. Having significantly de-levered our balance sheet, while improving our operating efficiencies, we now make choices from a position of greater strength and with a longer-term view of the business.
The analysis we undertook in 2010/2011 was clear in its findings that higher ROIC over the housing cycle can best maximize total shareholder returns in our industry. That has been and will remain our strategic pursuit.
2013 marked another year of significant progress for PulteGroup. I want to thank our employees and trade partners who have been willing to implement needed operational changes, while remaining focused on the quality of products and services they deliver to our homebuyers. I also want to thank our shareholders who have been supportive of our strategy to reposition the Company as we work to deliver greater long-term success.
Sincerely,
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 2 PulteGroup, Inc. | 2013 ANNUAL REPORT
