 LETTER TO PULTEGROUP OWNERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
2
PulteGroup, Inc. |
2011 ANNUAL REPORT
AAS I WRITE THIS LETTER, THERE IS A GROWING SENSE OF OPTIMISM THAT 2012 COULD PROVE TO BE THE LONG AWAITED FIRST YEAR OF A U.S. HOUSING RECOVERY. AFTER SIX YEARS OF UNPRECEDENTED INDUSTRY DECLINES, I WOULD CERTAINLY BE AMONG THE FIRST TO WELCOME SUCH A RECOVERY SHOULD IT MATERIALIZE. THAT SAID, RIGHT NOW WE ARE MORE FOCUSED ON AND, IN TRUTH, EXCITED ABOUT THE PROGRESS WE ARE MAKING IN IMPROVING OUR HOMEBUILDING OPERATIONS. WHILE A RECOVERY IN DEMAND COULD SERVE TO AMPLIFY AND ACCELERATE EXPECTED FUTURE GAINS, THE OPPORTUNITIES WE SEE ARE VERY MUCH WITHIN OUR CONTROL AND ARE INDEPENDENT OF ANY IMPROVEMENT IN THE BROADER MARKET FOR NEW HOME CONSTRUCTION.
 We believe the initiatives we have launched can drive better returns and greater shareholder valueovertime.
In previous letters I have discussed our ongoing operational efforts to expand margins, drive greater overhead leverage and implement more effective capital-management strategies. In 2011 we more clearly defined our efforts to capitalize on these opportunities within the context of a broader value-creation strategy. Operating against these fundamental value drivers, we implemented a series of programs focused on revenue enhancement, margin expansion, SG&A control, inventory turns and more effective capital allocation.
We believe the initiatives we have launched can drive better returns and greater shareholdervalueovertime.
Among the actions we have taken is to re- examine and modify our pricing methodology given today’s demand conditions. At higher
construction volumes, it made sense for us
to bundle a package of upgraded features
as standard in our homes to facilitate more efficient purchasing and construction. Given today’s lower unit volumes and competitive pricing environment, we are better served
by unbundling these offerings and allowing homebuyers to choose the options they value most in their new home. By reconfiguring
our base house, in conjunction with a new lot-pricing methodology, we can offer more competitive base-house pricing with the potential for increased revenues and margins through the buyer’s lot and option selections.
We also focused on meaningfully lowering our house costs by adopting a more manufacturing-oriented approach to house construction. As with any manufacturer
 
 seeking greater production efficiency, we
are reducing unnecessary complications by scaling back the number of floor plans we offer and driving higher throughput per plan. The remaining plans are then value engineered to ensure efficient use of materials and ease of construction. Once value engineered, we can then determine what construction “should cost” based on a detailed analysis of material usage and available labor rates, allowing us
to negotiate more equitable pricing from our suppliers and contractors.
The concept of overhead leverage in the value creation process is simple... keep SG&A spending to a minimum. Since the housing peak in 2005, we have downsized our workforce and we expect SG&A expenses to drop even further in 2012 as we benefit from actions implemented in 2011. While
we have been aggressive in reducing our overhead expenses, we have allowed ourselves enough flexibility that we can handle higher production volumes with minimal additional overhead. This is especially true given our focus on driving increased absorption pace within existing communities.
Along with actions to make our day-to-day operations more efficient, we are also focused on capital efficiency as another lever to drive higher returns on invested capital. Historically, our emphasis on ownership of extensive land assets was a critical driver of our growth.
This strategy did produce strong income in good times, but it limited inventory turns, pressured returns on invested capital and created significant risks when the housing cycle turned down.
In an effort to deliver meaningful improvement in our operating results, we reassessed
our business practices including how we
allocate capital across different investment opportunities; how we evaluate and use our existing asset base to deliver its greatest value; how we prioritize the individual markets and projects in which we invest; and how we can more effectively risk-adjust land investment given different project profiles. With respect
to new land investment, each proposed community is now formally scored against a defined set of criteria that assess the project’s risk profile. The higher a project’s risk score, the greater the required rate of return needed to justify an investment.
The fourth quarter of 2011 demonstrates the practical application of the changes we are implementing in our capital allocation process. Having completed a detailed analysis of our existing land assets, we sold 3,500 lots, for
$64 million of cash proceeds, where location, timing or additional investments severely limited their potential future returns. We also acquired 2,800 lots almost exclusively under option contracts. We then used cash on hand to repurchase $257 million of our senior notes, as we continued to reduce overall debt levels. The net result of these transactions was to shrink our investment
in the business while continuing to control critical land assets. Materially altering
our balance sheet and underlying land investments will take time, but both are critical to improving long-term returns.
As highlighted below and more fully discussed and reconciled in the accompanying Form 10-K, the progress we are making against our objectives is evident in our 2011 results:
• Our margins benefited from reducing our reliance on spec inventory closings, as well as from closing a higher percentage of move-up and active adult homes which typically carry
While a recovery in demand could serve to amplify and accelerate expected future gains, the opportunities
we see are very much within our control and are independent of any improvement in the broader market for
new home construction.
 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
| PulteGroup, Inc. 3
 
 LETTER TO PULTEGROUP OWNERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
 We appreciate that there is still alotofworkto do, but through the strategies andtactics discussed in this letter, I am confident we can further improve PulteGroup’s financial performance.
richer margins. As a result, our adjusted gross margin increased in every quarter of 2011, both sequentially and as compared with the prior year, including an adjusted gross margin of 18.6% in the fourth quarter; the highest result we have achieved in five years. For the full year, our adjusted gross margin of 17.9% was up 120 basis points over 2010.
• We continued to rationalize our cost structure, including taking specific actions to more effectively right size overheads to current market demand. As a result, 2011 SG&A expenses were lowered by approximately $100 million to $520 million; falling to 13.2% of home sale revenues.
•Wealsotookdefinitivestepsinourefforts to improve the Company’s overall capital management practices with the goal of driving higher returns on invested capital. Actions taken during the year included enhancing our land investment process to better risk adjust our return requirements; selling certain non-core land positions; and, using excess cash to retire over $300 million of outstanding debt.
The operating gains we made over the course of 2011 were instrumental in enabling the Company to report a fourth quarter profit and to dramatically lower our reported full- year loss. More importantly, we expect further improvement in our operations in 2012, and expect to be profitable for the full year.
We have made significant progress toward repositioning PulteGroup’s operations. We appreciate that there is still a lot of work to
do, but through the strategies and tactics discussed in this letter, I am confident we
can further improve PulteGroup’s financial performance. I also appreciate that the
gains we have already realized reflect the tremendous efforts of our employees and trade partners, and the continued support
of our customers and shareholders. I extend my personal thanks and that of the Board of Directors for your ongoing commitment to the success of our company.
Sincerely,
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 4
PulteGroup, Inc.
|
2011 ANNUAL REPORT
 