 LETTER TO PULTEGROUP OWNERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
In last year’s letter, I expressed a sense of optimism about the prospects for our Company and the broader U.S. housing market. In writing this year’s letter, I am extremely pleased to say that my optimism on both counts was well founded and, in many ways, proved to be understated.
New home sales in 2012 increased 20% over 2011, making it the first year since 2005 to show year- over-year growth, although the annual sales pace of 367,000 homes was well below the 20 year average of 760,000 homes. Given these numbers, you can appreciate why many industry experts are forecasting that we are at the very beginning of a multiyear recovery in U.S. housing.
What finally got the housing market turned in the right direction? I believe the improvement reflects a combination of factors, including: low interest rates, low house prices, rising rental rates, and, in particular, the rapid draw down of available for sale house inventory. The scarcity of homes, and a return of price appreciation, created a sense of urgency among potential buyers who had been sitting on the fence for several years. Improving market conditions brought more buyers into the market, which helped to generate a sustained increase in the demand for new homes, especially given the limited supply of existing home inventory.
We are certainly encouraged by the rebound in the demand for new homes, but we see even more promise in the dramatic gains we continue to generate in our operating results.
Over the past 24 months, we implemented a variety of strategic and operational initiatives in connection with our Value Creation efforts designed to improve our return on invested capital. Specifically, we focused on improving PulteGroup’s homebuilding gross margin, overhead leverage, inventory turns and capital efficiency. PulteGroup’s 2012 financial results show the significant progress we are making. Across all these metrics our Value Creation campaign helped to drive the following year-over-year results:
• Through 2011 and 2012, the Company reported eight consecutive quarters of sequential gains in adjusted gross margins and expanded 2012 adjusted gross margins by 300 basis points to 20.9%.
• SG&A as a percent of home sale revenues declined 190 basis points to 11.3%.
• Even with our large land portfolio, we were able to improve our inventory turns meaningfully.
Consistent with our strategic objectives, these improvements in our operating performance allowed us to generate materially higher returns on invested capital. Even more gratifying, PulteGroup returned to full year profitability in 2012 for the first time since 2006. For the year, we reported net income of $206 million, compared with a prior year net loss of $210 million.
Our efforts to be more efficient with our capital also yielded tangible benefits in 2012. I am particularly proud of our ability to reduce our investment in house inventory by 16%, or $112 million, despite a 65% increase in our unit backlog. Our capital efficiency efforts, coupled with our improved operating results, generated more than $760 million of operating cash flows during the year. We used this strong cash flow generation to pay down almost $600 million of debt, while still increasing our year-end cash balance by almost $300 million to $1.5 billion. The combination of these actions lowered the Company’s net debt-to-total capitalization to 32%, down from 50% at the end of 2011.
2 PulteGroup, Inc. | 2012 ANNUAL REPORT

 LETTER TO PULTEGROUP OWNERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
I look back on the year and the overall progress we have made with a sense of satisfaction. That is not to say we are satisfied, but certainly encouraged by the gains we have realized. As we look ahead, we will continue to advance and build upon the Value Creation work which is proving to be instrumental in the Company’s success. Within this framework, our investment philosophy remains targeted on implementing a disciplined land strategy through which we can capitalize on our existing land portfolio and ensure effective investment of our land development and acquisition dollars. Our focus will remain on investing with an eye towards generating better returns on invested capital, not on chasing volume for volume’s sake.
If the housing industry is, indeed, transitioning to a period of rising demand, PulteGroup is entering this phase of the cycle with a more efficient operating model and a stronger financial profile. We are also in position to take advantage of any growth in demand through new programs to better connect us with our distinct buyer groups. From a redesigned product development process with multiple points of consumer feedback, to more robust Internet tools and more targeted selling programs, we are operating true to our history of being a consumer-centered organization.
In summarizing 2012, I would say that we made great strides consistent with our stated goals of improving our operations to deliver better returns on invested capital. While we benefitted from stronger market demand, our success is a direct reflection of the hard work of PulteGroup’s employees and trade partners, along with the support of our homebuyers and shareholders. As a team, we can now look to the future and the opportunity for PulteGroup to realize even greater success.
Sincerely,
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 2012 ANNUAL REPORT | PulteGroup, Inc. 3
