 LETTER TO PULTEGROUP OWNERS, CUSTOMERS, ASSOCIATES AND BUSINESS PARTNERS
As a result of our Value Creation efforts, we have controlled our investment in land and lowered our investment in house inventory by reducing specs and accelerating cycle times. The combination has helped to improve our margins and inventory turns, and to raise our returns above our weighted average cost of capital. Having raised our ROIC above our cost of capital, we feel comfortable increasing our land spend beyond just maintenance and to now support future growth. Consistent with our operating strategy, our objective is higher-return growth, not growth for growth’s sake. It is important to note that, as we demonstrated in 2013 and 2014, if the appropriate land transactions are not available, we will not force investments into the system.
Overall, I view 2014 as another year of great progress for PulteGroup. We now enter 2015 with a higher quality land bank and a defined view of how we want to participate in a market that we expect will continue on the slow and steady recovery path that we have been discussing for the past several years. We are mindful, however, that there are many cross-currents that make demand more challenging to predict. We believe that the positives of an improving economy with declining energy costs, rising employment, lower mortgage rates and related fees, beneficial long-term demographic trends and a generally healthy supply of inventory, should be able to offset any headwinds the industry may face.
We can’t control the U.S. economy or the housing market, so we will concentrate on running the best business we can. For us, this means continuing to improve returns on invested capital by capturing efficiencies in our operations. It also means implementing a supportive capital allocation program that, in this order, seeks to:
1) Invest in projects to maintain or grow relative market share, while achieving required return thresholds.
2) Fund an increasing dividend.
3) Selectively engage in return accretive M&A.
4) Distribute any residual capital through systematic share repurchases.
Before closing this year’s letter, I want to highlight a program which has blossomed inside of our Company. Called Built to Honor, it is a program through which we donate mortgage-free homes to worthy veterans wounded during their time of service. Since its founding in 2013, our Built to Honor program has launched builds for 30 deserving men and women who have bravely defended the freedoms this country so richly enjoys. The success of this program is only possible because of the time and materials generously donated by our employees, suppliers and trade partners who have consistently stepped in to help these deserving individuals. You can learn more about Built to Honor at our corporate website or on our YouTube page.
I will close this letter as I began it, by saying that I am extremely pleased by the strong operating and financial performance we delivered in 2014 and the ongoing success of our Value Creation strategy. The dramatic gains we realized reflect a lot of hard work on the part of employees, supported by the thousands of talented individuals working for our trade partners. On behalf of our Board of Directors, I say thank you to you, our shareholders, as we work together to ensure the long-term success of PulteGroup.
Sincerely,
Richard J. Dugas, Jr.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 2 PulteGroup, Inc. | 2014 ANNUAL REPORT
