  2007 was an excellent year
and positioned us well for 2008 and beyond.
Our financial performance was very strong and we made significant progress in strengthening the breadth and reach of our high growth businesses. Our revenue grew 16% to $1.8 billion, driven by double digit growth in all three of our major end-markets – Diagnostics, Detection and Analysis, and Photonics. We reported adjusted EPS of $1.30, an increase of 13% over the prior year, and adjusted operating cash flow from con- tinuing operations of $206 million, or $1.71 per share. Our total return to shareholders was 18%, significantly ahead of the major equity market indices.
We are focusing PerkinElmer’s resources on the science of improving health – both personal health and environmental health. We believe these are attractive growth markets as the world’s population continues
to expand and age, while continued industrialization of the developing world puts more pressure on the global environment. We are investing internally, through new product and application development, along with exter- nal investments to acquire new technology and product capabilities. In 2007, we announced the acquisition of three leading companies – ViaCell, which processes and preserves stem cells from umbilical cord blood; Pediatrix’s metabolic screening business for neonatal testing; and Improvision®, an innovative supplier of software and instruments for cellular imaging.
We also launched EcoAnalytixTM, a major initiative with a series of new products and testing protocols
to help scientists monitor and improve environmental health, including water quality, food safety, and biofuel development. We completed a major expansion of our digital x-ray detector fabrication facility in Santa Clara,
California, which will double our production capacity. To further strengthen our presence in the developing economies, we opened a new regional headquarters and applications development center in Mumbai, India, and expanded our technical centers in China and Singapore.
In February 2008, I transitioned from Chief Executive Officer to Executive Chairman. It has
been a great privilege to lead the Company over
the past ten years. What was once a diversified government services business is now a global health sciences leader that is well positioned for sustained growth as a larger and older population demands
a higher standard of living and care. PerkinElmer is well positioned to provide technology solutions for advances in disease diagnostics, more cost effective treatments, and environmental protection.
I am proud of what we have achieved, and prouder still of the people that will carry it forward into
the next decade. We are very fortunate to have
Rob Friel as our Chief Executive Officer – he knows the company well and has been a key architect of our transformation. I truly believe the best days are ahead for both PerkinElmer and the world it serves, and I look forward to celebrating that success.
Sincerely,
Gregory L. Summe
Executive Chairman of the Board
 2
 Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Robert F. Friel
Chief Executive Officer and President
Gregory L. Summe
Executive Chairman of the Board

 Whether it is monitoring the water we drink, ensuring the health
of newborn babies, or developing safer, more active drugs, PerkinElmer solutions are at work every day, dramatically improving the health and well-being of our lives today and in the future.
Due to the range of our proven technologies, geographic reach, and applications expertise, PerkinElmer is uniquely positioned to help people live longer, healthier lives.
A few examples of areas where we are focusing our efforts to truly make a difference include:
• Expanding maternal and newborn screening capabilities to enable early identification and treatment of potential health problems, thereby improving outcomes and lowering costs.
• Improving the quality of x-ray digital imaging which provides physicians improved diagnostic capabilities, and facilitates the digitization of medi- cal information and less invasive therapies.
• Providing researchers with better insights into the workings of human cells in order to accelerate the development of safer, more effective drugs.
• Delivering more intuitive and application-focused analytical solutions to improve the quality and safety of the food we eat, air we breathe, water we drink, and consumer products we use.
Through these advances and many others, our goal is to provide a healthier future by improving the ability to predict, prevent, or treat an ailment as well as protect our environment.
We recognize that in order to win in the marketplace we must maintain a relentless focus on continually improving every aspect of what we do. During 2008 we will focus on several critical areas to help drive growth, productivity, and organizational capability.
Our first priority is to drive profitable growth through becoming a more customer-centric organization.
We will continue to invest aggressively in innovative products that provide new and better ways to meet our customers’ needs. This year we are emphasizing more customized applications and solutions tailored to customers’ specific requirements and migrating away from standardized products and services.
Our second priority is operational excellence. Through our aggressive continuous improvement
actions, we are looking to both lower our costs and develop a more flexible cost base. This year we will
be particularly focused on reducing our purchased material costs through greater sourcing from lower-cost countries. We will achieve this goal while ensuring high quality standards and reliable delivery.
Our third priority is to continue to make PerkinElmer a great place to work. PerkinElmer’s greatest asset is its employees and their drive and passion to make a difference in the world. We are creating an environment where they can continue to learn and develop, where innovative ideas are encouraged, outstanding efforts are recognized and exceptional accomplishments rewarded. Organizationally, we are creating clearer accountability, faster decision making and a more nimble organization, as I believe the companies that can best react to change will be most successful.
On February 1, Greg Summe transitioned to Executive Chairman of the Board. The many positive attributes of the PerkinElmer today, from its strong operating processes and health sciences focus, to the strong leadership team and culture of continuous improvement, are in large part due to Greg’s vision, his commitment, and his leadership. Please join me in thanking Greg for all that he has done for PerkinElmer during the last ten years.
I am honored to have the opportunity to lead PerkinElmer in its next evolution. I look to the future with confidence and optimism. I am excited about
our prospects as we continue to build our reputation
as a company that delivers strong returns for our shareholders, valuable products and services to our customers, a great environment for our employees, and a healthy future for all.
Sincerely,
Robert F. Friel
Chief Executive Officer and President
 3
