Dear Fellow Shareholders,
2013 was another year of great progress in PerkinElmer’s journey to deliver innovative solutions to meaningfully improve human and environmental health.
During 2013 we successfully enhanced the growth profile of the company, further improved the efficiency of our operations and delivered another year of strong stock price appreciation. We also grew our organizational capabilities through investments in our people, the formation of strategic collaborations and a broadening of our reach across a number of higher growth geographies. Of note, we opened two Life Science Centers for Innovation, expanded our Customer Knowledge Centers focused on environmental applications and established direct operations in Israel, South Africa and Turkey. By deeply understanding our markets and customers’ applications, we focused our efforts on transforming possibilities into opportunities for our customers. Examples of these efforts are reflected in the launch of new innovations ranging from novel diagnostic screens for detecting genetic diseases, to advanced analytical technologies for monitoring contaminants in air and water and adulterants in food. In addition, we concluded a number of productivity initiatives to rationalize our operational footprint, shift manufacturing to lower cost regions, better leverage our G&A expenses, and both simplify and strengthen our organization.
PerkinElmer enters 2014 as a stronger, more competitive company with an improved platform to drive future growth through building upon our unique strengths, which include our application-driven differentiated solutions, leading positions in attractive end markets and geographies, and robust operational capabilities.
Moving into 2014, our three key corporate objectives strategically build upon the progress made last year. Our first priority is to accelerate revenue growth by developing innovative solutions by leveraging our unique detection, imaging, informatics and service capabilities. Through PerkinElmer’s i2iTM, or insights to innovation, process, we will bring to market
breakthrough technologies and services focused on addressing specific customer and market needs. Several exciting focus areas include informatics, mobile applications, mass spectrometry, and multi-spectral imaging, all of which are important technologies in developing innovative solutions to address the needs of diagnostic, life science research and environmental customers around the world.
The second focus area centers around achieving sustainable, best-in-class product quality while also driving continuous improvement throughout all of our processes. This includes providing an exceptional customer experience and ensuring we are one of the easiest companies to do business with.
Our third objective is to increase employee engagement and organizational strength. By fostering collaboration and knowledge sharing, we can better solve problems, develop innovative new products, and share customer insights. Furthermore, we will continue to invest in our people to ensure we have the right talent with diverse perspectives and skills to support our growing global footprint and evolving customer base.
In closing, 2014 will be an exciting year, and I am encouraged by the opportunities I see across our served markets and enthusiastic about our capabilities. I believe PerkinElmer has a unique opportunity to deliver significant value to both our customers and our shareholders by leveraging our extensive applications and scientific knowledge, supported by our world-class team of 7,600 employees. I remain confident in our long-term strategy and shared commitment to achieve our mission to improve human and environmental health.
Sincerely,
Robert F. Friel
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President PerkinElmer, Inc.
  