Dear Fellow Shareholders,
In 2011, PerkinElmer delivered excellent financial results, aggressively invested in our future, and continued to improve the quality of life across the globe.
Our revenue grew 13%, adjusted earnings per share increased 35%, and we generated very strong operating cash flow. We achieved these results through the hard work and commitment of our over 7,000 employees who deployed a balanced approach of driving innovation and growth while relentlessly pursuing more efficient ways to operate.
Strategically, we made remarkable progress in strengthening our capabilities in several high growth areas that enable us to aggressively expand our ability to address evolving healthcare needs across the world. Of note, we significantly enhanced our imaging, sample prep and molecular analysis capabilities with the acquisitions of Caliper Life Sciences, Chemagen and Dexela. We also considerably advanced our capabilities in the vital area of informatics which is becoming an increasingly critical need across multiple disciplines in research and development organizations to enable faster, more informed scientific decisions.
During 2011 we made a significant impact on improvements in global health. Through leveraging our knowledge and insights, we developed new innovations that helped customers achieve their business and scientific goals and deliver better health solutions for people around the world. For example, during the year, we touched over one million lives through cancer screening with our advances in digital imaging technology, we improved the productivity of over two million research scientists with our informatics software, we helped ensure the health of over 31 million babies in more than 90 countries with our screening technologies, and we analyzed over two billion environmental samples with our detection capabilities. PerkinElmer products continue to be used for some of the most urgent health concerns around the world, such as in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake and tsunami in Japan when we collaborated with customers to develop new tests for detecting and monitoring for contamination and radiation in food, water, air and soil.
As we begin 2012, our strategic priorities will be focused on accelerating our growth through innovation and developing differentiated offerings for our customers through the powerful combination of our technology, knowledge, and commitment to collaboration. 2012 will be a meaningful milestone in PerkinElmer’s history – our 75th anniversary. I am proud of our rich heritage of making life better, made possible by remarkable people dedicated to developing innovative technologies to address both customer and societal needs. And as I look ahead, I am confident in our ability to further make a dramatic impact to global health, with the ultimate goal of significantly improving the quality of life for everyone around the world, for the better.
Sincerely,
Robert F. Friel
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer PerkinElmer, Inc.
 