Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Your company delivered an excellent financial performance in 2005 – cash EPS grew 30%, adjusted operating margins expanded 140 basis points, revenue grew 4% organically, and free cash flow was very strong at $1.40 per share. The results were recognized as our return to shareholders exceeded the major equity market indices for the third consecutive year.
 PerkinElmer also made significant progress strategically by focusing our business portfolio on the promising growth markets of Health Sciences and Photonics. During the year, we completed the sale of a majority of our Fluid Sciences business. This action reduces the cyclicality of our results, focuses investment on our growth platforms, and provides a very strong balance sheet for future internal and external growth initiatives.
Our growing leadership position in Health Sciences, which now represents approxi- mately 83% of our sales, is attributable to our core competencies in developing and delivering applications-based solutions – consisting of chemistries and reagents, instrumentation, software and services – to
customers engaged in developing new drugs, improving clinical care, and
protecting the environment.
Our Genetic Screening business, which is the
world’s leading supplier of newborn screening
systems, grew 15% in 2005 driven by the
expansion of newborn screening programs in
the United States, where states are
moving toward an
enhanced standard of care. The new U.S. standard provides for the screening of 29 different inherited disorders. In addition, this market is being fueled by the increased adoption of both prenatal and neonatal screening in emerging markets, including China and India. We are also the world’s leading provider of digital x-ray flat panel detectors. This business, which grew 17% in 2005, is driven by demand in both diagnostic and therapeutic applications. Our digital imaging technology is providing exciting benefits, including enhanced resolution and image processing, easy information storage and retrieval, and the ability to capture results in a patient’s electronic medical record.
Several products introduced in 2005 within our Biopharma segment – including the BioXPRESSIONTM biomarker discovery platform, the JANUSTM automation and liquid handling system and the LumiLuxTM cellular screening platform – gained rapid market acceptance as the industry continues to invest in productive drug development tools that help improve drug safety and efficacy.
Our Laboratory Services business, represented by more than 1,100 factory- trained service and support professionals deployed globally, grew 7% during the year. In addition to expanding its value-added
2

 product offerings – which range from preventative maintenance contracts, to validation services, to product training – Laboratory Services reported increased salesforitsflagshipOneSource® program, a comprehensive multi-vendor laboratory management and maintenance solution aimed at helping customers in pharmaceu- tical and other markets improve their performance and generate increased return on their laboratory investment.
Our Photonics segment also focuses on improving the quality of life through specialty lighting and optical detection solutions used in an expanding number of consumer electronic, office automation, and safety and security applications. In 2005, the Company reported double-digit growth in sales of its Cermax® Xenon lamps for use in home theater and other video projectors, as well as its digital photoflash products, used increasingly in mobile phone and other advanced cameras.
Several business development initiatives, designed to accelerate the growth of our Health Sciences and Photonics platforms, were completed in the period. PerkinElmer entered into a number of strategic partner- ships – including research collaborations to develop new biomarker assay kits, and agree- ments to co-market new drug discovery and
development solutions. We also announced partnerships which will expand our offerings in the rapidly growing area of multiplexed assay technologies. The acquisition of Elcos AGbuildsourcapabilitiesasaproviderof specialty LED solutions, and the integration of Biomatic Inc. into OneSource extends our compliance and validation services.
PerkinElmer enters 2006 in excellent financial condition with great operating momentum. We have more than 8,000 dedicated and very capable employees – over 60% based outside the U.S. – who are fully committed to helping our customers succeed. We plan to leverage our strong position and global presence to accelerate our growth in key markets, through increased investment in innovation and strategic business development. In our Health Sciences segments, we expect
our growth to be driven by the further development of predictive diagnostics and personalized therapeutics. In addition, we plan to further extend our presence in China and India, where environmental concerns are driving significant investment in improving infrastructure and expanding health care systems. In our Photonics markets, we anticipate our growth to be driven by the continued development of digital electronics and global communications, which are opening up new applications in consumer
Officers pictured from left to right:
Richard F. Walsh
Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer
Jeffrey D. Capello
Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer
Robert F. Friel (seated)
Vice Chairman and
President, Life and Analytical Sciences
Gregory L. Summe
Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer and President
Katherine A. O’Hara
Senior Vice President and General Counsel
John A. Roush
Senior Vice President and President, Optoelectronics
electronics and automation. And we will focus on enhancing our customers’ experience with us through effective sales execution and simplifying their interactions.
While driving stronger top-line results, we remain committed to delivering excellent returns to our shareholders. Our focus on cash flow performance will continue through our “Compressing the Cash Cycle,” or C3, initiatives, which have become ingrained in the PerkinElmer culture. We also continue
to aggressively seek opportunities to increase our operating productivity through re-engineering processes, simplifying our physical and administrative footprint, and reducing product and development costs with global sourcing.
Thank you for your continued support of PerkinElmer. I look forward to sharing
with you our 2006 progress on our strategic goal: To improve the quality of life
through innovation in the Health Sciences and Photonics markets.
Sincerely,
Gregory L. Summe
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
 3
