                 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
2009 was a good year for PerkinElmer as we executed on our key strategic priorities and delivered solid financial results.
During a year which will be remembered for its very challenging global
economic conditions, we were pleased with our progress against our goals
and our ability to exit the year a stronger and more competitive company.
We did this by successfully deploying a balanced approach of effectively
managing costs while investing in opportunities to drive future growth.
For example, during 2009 we lowered our manufacturing cost structure
and expanded gross margins while increasing our percentage of revenue
invested in research and development and the number of our selling and service employees. In addition, we completed five acquisitions that added key technologies and expanded our capabilities into new markets and geographic regions.
Going forward we will continue to maintain a clear strategy for future growth and increased profitability. We will seek to increase the growth profile of the company through introducing innovative new products into the marketplace, leveraging our strong technologies and capabilities into adjacent markets, growing our global footprint and continuing to aggressively expand our reach through partnerships, collaborations and acquisitions. We will continue improving our operational execution and simplify our processes with the goal of increasing our profitability. Finally, we will continue evolving the brand and culture of the organization to be more agile, innovative, and customer-focused.
At PerkinElmer we are committed to improving the health and safety of people and the environment. With a legacy of innovation and scientific advancement, we are employing technology to enhance quality of life. Our tagline “For the Better” represents how our technologies, applications and services are providing earlier insights into disease, accelerating the discovery of more effective therapies, identifying and monitoring the quality of our environment and creating safer surroundings. As you read the examples on the following pages, you will see just a few of the areas where our knowledge and innovation are making a difference. These stories and many others are what inspire us every day at PerkinElmer. Our passion to make things better drives our business success and continually mobilizes us to innovate. It is this passion and desire to innovate that makes me confident that we will continue to grow stronger in the years ahead, providing attractive returns for our shareholders and significant advances for the health and safety of everyone.
Sincerely,
Robert F. Friel
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer PerkinElmer, Inc.
 