Dear Fellow Shareholders,
In 2014, PerkinElmer achieved strong financial results while making significant progress against our strategic priorities.
During the year, we introduced new, innovative solutions and targeted our investments towards the most attractive end markets, while simultaneously improving our operational execution and strengthening our organizational capabilities. I am pleased to report that PerkinElmer concluded 2014 better positioned to accelerate future growth and create greater shareholder value.
From a financial standpoint, in 2014 we grew organic revenue by 4% and increased adjusted earnings per share by 18% to $2.47, an excellent performance despite challenging macroeconomic conditions. Moreover, 2014 marked the final year of a plan we established five years ago to accelerate revenue and profitability through growth and productivity investments. Since 2009, we increased adjusted revenue at an 8% compound annual growth rate (CAGR), adjusted earnings per share at an 18% CAGR, and improved adjusted operating margins by 480 basis points.
Through the combination of our strong application knowledge and our differentiated and market- leading portfolio, we were able to provide our customers with innovations to meet unique and complex challenges. Within diagnostics, we established a state-of-the-art clinical testing lab in Suzhou, China that offers a complete solution for hospitals and patients, focusing on detecting and preventing birth defects and infectious disease. For environmental, pharmaceutical and food customers, we launched the NexION® 350 ICP-MS and workflow-based SyngistixTM Software that together enable researchers to study the effects of nanomaterials on human health and the environment. Later in the year, we broadened our offerings for the rapidly expanding global food quality and safety testing market through our acquisition of Perten Instruments Group. In life sciences, we debuted several innovations, including the MantraTM quantitative pathology workstation created to enable breakthroughs in the critical area of cancer immunology. As customers progressively seek partners who can provide scientific expertise and drive lab productivity, we introduced OneSource® Scientific Services and acquired lab IT capabilities from Ceiba Solutions to better enable researchers to accelerate scientific discoveries. Finally, our launch of Elements®, a cloud-based scientific collaboration tool, is a prime example of how informatics can revolutionize the way researchers collect and share data to make more informed decisions. All in all, our portfolio today is better focused on those areas where we can deliver differentiated solutions for high growth markets and geographies. In fact, about 75% of our product lines now hold one of the top three positions in their markets.
   8% CAGR
FY9 FY14
$2,240
 $1,547
   18% CAGR
FY9 FY14
$2.47
 $1.07
   480 basis points
FY9 FY14
17.6%
 12.8%
Adjusted Revenue Adjusted Earnings Adjusted Operating Margins
in millions per share

From an operational standpoint, our efforts to achieve best-in-class quality across all of our products and services go hand-in-hand with improving productivity and providing an exceptional customer experience. We made excellent progress along each of these fronts in 2014 and will continue to prioritize these efforts going forward. Organizationally, we enter 2015 with greater bandwidth and more diverse capabilities and experiences, having made a number of strategic changes last year to PerkinElmer’s leadership throughout our businesses and functions. We continue to make employee engagement an important priority, as we believe a strong, sustainable employee engagement rate is our most critical long-term competitive advantage.
Building upon the significant progress we have made to sharpen our strategy and improve our capabilities, in 2015, we are placing a greater emphasis internally on the purpose behind our work. This year’s strategic priorities center on achieving our mission, focusing on our customers, and driving innovation. First, in our efforts to advance our mission to improve the health and safety of people and the environment, we will continue to expand into higher growth end markets and geographies. We also plan to form strategic collaborations which will open the door to affecting better outcomes. Second, our focus on the customer will be to provide a terrific experience with the PerkinElmer brand and a commitment to total quality. By serving customers well day in and day out, we believe we can expand our customer base and earn their long-term loyalty. Third, as customers and end markets evolve, we too must proactively lead change through innovation. Not only will we advance our detection, imaging, software and service capabilities, but we will also integrate our informatics offerings across the portfolio to uniquely empower customers to turn data into knowledge and insights.
The most successful companies effectively bring together strategy, execution and purpose to reach the next level of performance. I am confident that PerkinElmer has the right roadmap to grow the business and provide innovative solutions to our customers while delivering strong returns to our shareholders. I look forward to taking advantage of the significant opportunities ahead to inspire smarter decisions for a healthier world.
Sincerely,
Robert F. Friel
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President PerkinElmer, Inc.
*The cover inset image features our MantraTM quantitative pathology workstation with inForm® image analysis software. This solution enables researchers to visualize, quantify, analyze and phenotype multiple types of immune cells simultaneously in solid tumors for cancer immunology research.
  