Dear Fellow Shareholders,
2016 was an important year in PerkinElmer’s evolution as we took pivotal steps to fundamentally shift our portfolio and organization to be further aligned with our customers and better positioned to accelerate future growth.
At the same time, we continued to improve our operational execution, as evidenced by our strong financial performance, delivering adjusted operating margin expansion of 140 basis points, adjusted EPS growth of 12% and free cash flow growth of 23%. This improved profitability was achieved at the same time that we increased our investments in R&D as well as in new tools to facilitate innovation.
While we have made strides to strengthen PerkinElmer from within, we have been actively improving our structure and portfolio to more acutely shape the Company for accelerated growth. Over the past year and a half, we signed or closed on several acquisitions representing approximately $350 million in value. We completed our purchase of Vanadis, giving us access to a potentially disruptive technology in non-invasive prenatal screening. We acquired Bioo Scientific, expanding our food detection capabilities and our genomics offerings for next generation sequencing. Our acquisition of Delta Instruments also grew our food franchise with market-leading analyzers for testing in dairy applications. In December, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire Tulip Group, propelling PerkinElmer as a leading in-vitro diagnostics provider in India, and then closed on this transaction in January. In addition, we announced three divestitures that will enable us to redeploy approximately $300 million into areas more aligned with our growth priorities.
To facilitate this transition, we have created a more effective operating structure to better align with our customers’ requirements and our focus areas for growth. The result of these efforts was the formation of two new reporting segments, Discovery & Analytical Solutions (DAS) and Diagnostics, which replaced our former reporting segments. DAS, with its larger, unified R&D and commercial teams, will better serve and innovate for applications-oriented customers. Our Diagnostics segment will focus on clinically-oriented customers and expand our addressable markets. We also evolved our mission to “innovating for a healthier world”, reflecting how our solutions and expertise help unlock insights to protect the health of our families, environment and food supply.
As we execute on our objectives, we never lose sight of the remarkable difference we are making on lives around the world. Last year, our quantitative pathology solutions played a crucial role in a first-of-its-kind skin cancer study published in
the New England Journal of Medicine. In addition, government agencies adopted our portable detection technologies to identify toxic chemicals in the air in real-time. And in China, we saw more of our analytical solutions used to test for pesticides in food to help protect millions of citizens.
Clearly 2016 was a year in which we elevated PerkinElmer’s technological, operational and organizational capabilities. We enter 2017 with a number of exciting developments that will strengthen PerkinElmer’s future growth and profitability. First, this year we are amplifying how we innovate through more targeted R&D spending, as well as innovating alongside external collaborators across our end markets. As we did in 2016, we will continue to discriminate our investments towards the fast growing areas of food safety, pharmaceutical and biotech services, reproductive health, and emerging market diagnostics. A key differentiator for PerkinElmer is the unparalleled value we bring to our customers by providing them with complete solutions uniquely developed to meet business-critical needs. Second, essential to creating breakthrough solutions is better understanding our customers’ most difficult problems and most challenging needs. By evolving and innovating how and where customers need us, we will be better positioned to enhance the customer experience and increase long-term customer loyalty. Third, from an operational standpoint, we will continue the implementation of Lean to support product quality improvements, expand gross margins, and augment our customer service processes. Furthermore, this year our goal to advance our operational excellence will pair with our objectives to broaden PerkinElmer’s global reach and diversity of talent.
In closing, I am confident in the critical role PerkinElmer will continue to play in the future of health. Thanks to the ongoing support from employees, customers and shareholders, we can realize even greater opportunities to achieve profitable growth while advancing our mission of innovating for a healthier world.
Sincerely,
Robert F. Friel
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President PerkinElmer, Inc.
  