                 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
2008 was a very good year for PerkinElmer as we made excellent progress in driving growth and productivity, as well as focusing the Company on evolving health and environmental safety issues. Our revenue grew 14%, we generated good cash flow and our adjusted earnings per share grew 15%.
2008 HIGHLIGHTS
Our emphasis on innovation resulted in a robust pipeline
of new products and a much improved process for the commercialization of these products. Globally, we increased
our presence in emerging markets such as China, Eastern Europe, Latin America and Southeast Asia, advancing our capabilities in these important areas of the world while also experiencing strong revenue growth in 2008. In addition, we grew our on-line selling capabilities, resulting in a 28% increase in sales via the Web. We also continued to deliver more value to our customers with initiatives such as our EcoAnalytixTM program, which focuses on delivering total workflow solutions, our assay
development offerings in Bio-discovery and our increased services in Genetic Screening.
Operationally, we continued to improve execution within our manufacturing centers and in our supporting processes. For example, we significantly increased capacity in our medical imaging production facility while achieving record yields, improving product quality, reducing warranty expense and improving on-time delivery to our customers.
In addition, we made good strides in strategically focusing the businesses in the markets where we see very good long-term growth prospects. We completed five acquisitions; entered into a number of license arrangements and collaborations; closed several small, less strategic product lines; and announced our intentions to divest a portion of our specialty lighting business.
At the end of the year, we announced the alignment of our businesses around Human Health and Environmental Health, which became effective in 2009, to more accurately describe the strategic mission of the Company. In addition, we initiated a re- branding of the Company to focus on the results and outcomes we deliver to our customers and to emphasize the difference our products and people make in improving life “For the Better.”

                 INCREASED FOCUS ON IMPROVING HUMAN AND ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH
Moving forward, we expect to increasingly focus our efforts on those areas where we can make a significant difference in improving both human and environmental health. Being part of a company that significantly impacts the health and well-being of our families, friends and colleagues and the safety of the environment is something of which we can all be very proud. Every day, PerkinElmer actively contributes to the solutions that address global issues such as maternal and fetal health; clean air and water; and safe toys, food and buildings.
Our Human Health Business is based on developing diagnostics, tools and applications to fight illnesses earlier; provide better, more accurate medical insights; and create critical new therapies faster. Lives can be dramatically enhanced and health care costs can be drastically reduced if we are able to diagnose debilitating and costly diseases earlier. For expectant parents, we provide continuity of care, from pregnancy through birth, by offering early detection of prenatal and early childhood disorders. In North America, more than 90% of infants are tested using one or more of PerkinElmer’s screening tools. Our medical imaging detectors enable doctors to make faster and more accurate diagnoses of conditions ranging from broken bones to reduced blood flow in the vascular system. In addition, our detectors improve oncology treatments by focusing radiation directly at tumors.
Our Environmental Health Business helps ensure our safety and security – from the food we eat to the consumer products we use and the homes and surroundings in which we live. Now, more than ever, there is an increased concern regarding these life essentials, and PerkinElmer plays an active part in protecting and improving the environments in which we live. Our analysis technologies are used to help ensure billions of gallons of clean, safe drinking water; our motion detectors produce huge energy savings and reduce CO2 emissions by millions of tons every year; and our sensors help to keep our homes and buildings safe from intruders. In addition, our team of more than 1,200 service engineers and 800 scientists throughout the world ensure our customers are up and running and keep us at the forefront of technological innovation.
A LOOK AHEAD
As we begin 2009, we are entering one of the more difficult global economic environments in recent memory. PerkinElmer will not be immune to the impact of the deteriorating financial markets and slowing global demand. However, I believe we will not only endure during this period of time, but will emerge as an even stronger company. My optimism is based on more than our extensive technologies and products and our strong global market positions. It is based on the passion that our employees have for making a difference. Through the hard work and commitment of all our employees, we will continue to seek attractive returns for our shareholders, while improving the environment and health of people everywhere – For the Better.
Sincerely,
Robert F. Friel
Chief Executive Officer PerkinElmer, Inc.
$1,937
06 07 08 REVENUE
in millions
$1.50 $1.56
06 07 08 ADJUSTED CASH FLOW
per share
$1.45
06 07 08
ADJUSTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
 $1,702 $1,478
       $1.26 $1.12
$1.79
     