 EXECUTIVE INTRODUCTION
Jeffrey H. Schwartz, CEO, and Walter C. Rakowich, President
and COO, share their thoughts on the importance of sustainability and corporate responsibility to ProLogis
 Jeffrey H. Schwartz, Walter C. Rakowich
Sustainability has long been central to our way of doing business at ProLogis. We see it as a multi-faceted business approach that underpins the entirety of our activities
and is a part of our corporate culture. From implementing leading-edge, environmentally friendly features in our distribution facilities, to acting responsibly on behalf of our shareholders, to supporting local efforts to improve our communities, we strive to create sustainable value for all our stakeholders.
We seek to lead by example and are proud to have launched numerous pilot projects around the world
that have given us world-class expertise in sustainable warehouse design. For example, we are implementing an interior lighting retrofit program in the United States that can reduce electricity usage by up to 75%. In the United Kingdom, we have begun development at a new distribu- tion park that will evaluate a number of cutting-edge, environmentally friendly building materials and construc- tion methods. And in Japan, we recently completed an industrial facility in Osaka that utilizes a new pavement technology for neutralizing vehicle carbon emissions.
ProLogis is active in brownfield redevelopment, a complex process that involves cleaning up and developing contaminated land as well as redeveloping land that has
been unproductively developed and/or is considered to have a low landscape value. We are also involved in urban redevelopment, the creation of master-planned, mixed-use developments at the site of former airports and military bases.
In recent years, several of our sustainability-related efforts have been publicly recognized, certified or rewarded: • Our global headquarters facility in Denver, Colorado,
received a prestigious Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certification from the U.S. Green Building Council.
• ProLogis Park Chanteloup in France was recognized with a 2005 Logistics Innovation Award. The park’s state-of-the-art design features one of the largest solar panel installations in France.
• ProLogis Parc Maishima II in Japan is the first distribution facility in Osaka to have received rating issuer CASBEE’s second-highest “A” rating, recognizing the facility’s superior sustainable features and design.
• ProLogis was a 2006 recipient of the “Leader in the Light” award. This competition, sponsored by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (NAREIT), honors member companies that have demonstrated superior and sustained energy use practices.
It is our hope that the many sustainability-related efforts we are undertaking will serve to guide and inspire both US and global real estate development efforts and will further help to sustain the environment for many genera- tions to come.
  Jeffrey H. Schwartz Chief Executive Officer
Walter C. Rakowich
President and Chief Operating Officer
