 Jeffrey H. Schwartz (r) Chief Executive Officer
Walter C. Rakowich (l) President and
Chief Operating Officer
To Our Shareholders
Our commitment to sustainability is deeply rooted in the culture at ProLogis. We believe it is our responsibility to focus on leveraging our leading global platform to bring together the best and most cost-effective, energy-saving and environmental practices from around the world to create value in a sustainable manner. Our focus on customer relationships and profitable growth and our commitment to both our shareholders and our people are stronger than ever.
In recent years, as we have grown our development and property fund businesses, we have endeavored to enhance our leading global presence while maximizing shareholder returns. The breadth of our global property platform and strong customer relationships helped us to sustain growth when many global economies struggled, and these same core competitive strengths will propel us forward during more robust economic times.
By any measure, 2005 was a year of tremendous accom- plishment. We exceeded others’ expectations, posting 11.5% growth in funds from operations, while making significant progress toward our long-term objectives. Last year at this time, we embarked on a five-year plan to grow assets owned and managed to $30 billion, comprising 500 million square feet of space, and to achieve a pace of $2 billion in new development annually by the end of 2009. While these goals seemed aggressive to some at the time, our talented global team has, in the first year, made significant strides. We ended 2005 with more than $22 billion of assets owned, managed and under development, comprising over 375 million square feet, and began a record $2.2 billion of new development.
Catellus Merger Provides Important Benefits
Our $5.3 billion merger with Catellus Development Corporation in September was the most significant event of 2005, adding momentum to our initiatives in North America. The transaction was notable in many respects. Most important, we were joined by a team of 75 experienced development and local market professionals, including Ted Antenucci, formerly president of Catellus Commercial Development, who now heads our global
PROLOGIS 2005 1

By focusing on sustainability of
our properties, developing our people and nurturing strong customer relation- ships, we can leverage our strengths to capture opportunities in 2006
and beyond.
development team. In addition, Nelson Rising, formerly Catellus’ chief executive officer, and Christine Garvey, both Catellus board members, have joined the ProLogis board, providing important continuity and valued insight.
The merger added roughly 42 million square feet of high- quality, recently developed commercial space, enhancing our leading positions in six of the largest US logistics markets
and providing an additional 2,500 acres of well-located land to support the development of another 40 million square feet of space. The merger with Catellus also brought expertise in the redevelopment of abandoned airports and military bases into attractive, mixed-use projects. Projects of this nature require expertise and financial wherewithal but also a sensitivity to place and community. These redevelopment projects will add to our portfolio of properties while providing fees from infra- structure development and profits from the sale of improved land for non-industrial uses.
Six months following the merger, we are excited about the way the two organizations have come together. We are already realizing the benefits of combining the two strongest develop- ment organizations and most extensive land positions in the United States through expanded customer relationships and leasing activity.
Strong Global Demand Supports Improved Fundamentals
We continued to experience strong customer demand in 2005, sustained by the growth in global trade and the ongoing need for companies to make distribution efficiency a business imperative. This strong demand led to further increases in
our occupancy levels and record leasing activity on all three continents. Across the globe, we leased approximately 95 mil- lion square feet, up almost 44% over leasing activity in 2004. We also achieved significant improvement in our same-store measures with the highest occupancies we’ve seen in over four years, increases in net operating income and higher rent levels in the second half of the year.
Annualized Base Rents from Top 25 Customers (in millions)
Global Leasing
(in millions of square feet)
Development Starts* (in millions)
         03 04 05
03 04 05
03 04 05
*Total expected invest- ment, including 100% of development JVs.
2 PROLOGIS 2005
$674
$206.5
56.9
$1,245
66.0
$269.0
$334.0
94.9
$2,154

There are some US markets in which speculative construction has picked up. However, we estimate that new deliveries of space in the top 30 US markets amounted to about 2% of the existing competitive base in 2005, still well below annual increases of about 3.5% during the late ’90s. Overall, leasing activity continues to outpace new construction deliveries.
We closely watch how quickly new construction is absorbed in addition to key business indicators, such as GDP growth, sales-to-inventory ratios and manufacturing indices, so we are positioned to react quickly if conditions change.
In Europe, our stabilized portfolio remains well leased at 94% while economic conditions are steadily improving. In Japan, demand remains strong with our new facilities being fully leased within a few months of completion. In China, strong GDP growth coupled with increased domestic consumption con- tinue to provide us with significant opportunities.
Overall, we’re encouraged by conditions across our global markets. Key business drivers are trending positively and occupancy levels in our portfolio of properties that have been complete for more than one year are above market average
in virtually every market in which we operate. Additionally, we continue to capture a growing share of new development activity, driven by our strong customer relationships and the breadth of our global presence.
New Funds Support Future Growth
As we continue to expand our market share and take advantage of opportunities, it is critical to have the capital in place to support our growth. During the year, we raised a second Japan fund with the capacity to support an additional $3 billion of development. In addition, in February, we announced the for- mation of a $4 billion open-end, infinite-life North American fund, our largest raising of private capital to date. This fund allowed us to redeem our partners’ interest in expiring funds while supporting our development and acquisition activity in North America for the next two to three years. Going forward, we believe this perpetual, liquid structure will provide impor- tant benefits for us and our investors.
Our Ability to Sustain More than Simply Growth
In the pages of this report, we will elaborate on our approach to sustainability, not only as it relates to growth but also the sustainability of development, our customer relationships, our organization and our communities. We believe we have the platform of people in place and the expertise required to be a global leader in this important area. Equally important is our leadership in sound governance practices. We are proud to have been recognized by Institutional Investor as one of the most shareholder-friendly companies in our industry.
Our success builds on the strong foundation established over the past years, and we would be remiss not to mention the contribu- tions made by Dane Brooksher, who, while retired at the end of 2004 as chief executive officer, has continued to offer us valuable counsel as chairman of our board. We are grateful as well for the wisdom and experience of all our board members.
As we develop and grow our business and our organization
in a strong, sustainable manner, we remain ever focused on providing higher levels of customer service throughout the world, and we thank our customers for the opportunity to help them grow their business platforms. Finally, we want to thank all of our ProLogis associates, who are pictured on the inside back cover. These teammates were the true force driving our excellent results in 2005 and will be instrumental in sustain- ing our growth in profitability and operations while enhancing our unique culture as we move forward.
Jeffrey H. Schwartz Chief Executive Officer
Walter C. Rakowich
President and Chief Operating Officer
  PROLOGIS 2005 3
