 10
 11
  Dear Fellow Shareholders,
Fiscal 2009 was a year of remarkable economic chal- lenges. The global financial crisis was unparalleled in slope and scope for our generation. Pall’s momentum from a strong fiscal 2008 carried over into the first quarter of our new year. By the end of October however, like others, we fell back to earth.
Pall adjusted quickly, emerging stronger and leaner. Fiscal 2009 results were achieved on the strength of our technol- ogy, sharp customer focus, and productivity improvement programs that reduced costs. But most importantly, they are the result of our people. Professional, experienced and dedicated, Pall employees deserve tremendous credit and thanks for their tireless efforts under extraordi- nary conditions. So too does Pall’s board for its leader- ship, commitment and unwavering support.
Our Mission Is Clear: Sustainable, Profitable Growth
The economic travails in 2009 have not hampered our longer-term sales, earnings and cash generation growth initiatives. If anything, they have fortified our capability as a company to generate sustainable, profitable growth. The strategies that we have been steadily executing over the last several years combined to cushion the impact of a very weak economy. Their potential should be unleashed as the economy recovers.
On the top line, these strategies include Total Fluid Management. TFM is the application of our broad and differentiated product portfolio to all of the fluids in a customer’s process. It also includes the development and sale of differentiated products that help make cus- tomers more successful. Geographic expansion is playing an increasingly important role in our long-term plans and recent performance.
Fiscal 2009 revenues (in local currency) decreased about 31⁄2% for the year, with the Microelectronics and Industrial Manufacturing markets leading the decline. Several of our Industrial markets showed resilience. Life Sciences mar- kets, BioPharmaceuticals and Medical, grew. Strong per- formers in Pall Industrial were Power Generation, Municipal Water and Military Aerospace with growth ranging from 111⁄2% to 18%.
Global Strength and Organization
Almost 67% of Pall’s sales are outside of the Western Hemisphere. Our global presence is a competitive advan- tage and highly valued by our customers. To build on that strength, we are continuing to expand our capabilities in South East Asia, Eastern Europe, and Latin America. We recently established a legal entity in Dubai to expand our opportunities in this fast-growing region.
While working to preserve the top line and build for the future, we continued to execute on key strategies to strengthen financial performance. A plethora of supply chain initiatives—facilities rationalization, procurement and lean manufacturing—translated into a modest improvement in gross margin. This is despite the sales decline in the higher margin Microelectronics and Industrial Manufacturing markets and a big year for our lower margin systems, with over $300 million in sales. We believe these factors dampened the immediate effect of real operating and financial improvements made during the year.
Lowering Costs and Improving Service
Various infrastructure initiatives, including programs such as AmeriPall and EuroPall, are improving service to cus- tomers, increasing efficiency and freeing up capital to reinvest in the business. The results of these major initia- tives are mostly seen in SG&A expenses. SG&A as a

 12
  percentage of sales, which has been trending steadily down over the past several years (from 34% in 2002), came up a bit in fiscal 2009, to 30%, on lower volume. In dollars, SG&A decreased as we used these programs to lean out budgets and build on our continuous improve- ment culture. It was key that they were in place years before the economy soured. But this economy required even greater defensive actions. In response, we made further reductions in operating expenses throughout the year.
Investing for the Future
Pall has a culture of fiscal prudence that has served us well and continues to guide us. It has provided the great- est advantage in times like this—the financial strength to weather the storm, make judicious investments and con- tinue to build for the future. We launched several major initiatives with significant benefits to come. Among them is the establishment of the European Management Center in Fribourg, Switzerland which opened at the beginning of fiscal 2010. We expect operational improvements and ancillary tax benefits beginning in fiscal 2011. We are close to executing a similar strategy for Asia.
A new and very important initiative is our “Pricing Excel- lence” program. This corporate-wide initiative has exceeded our early expectations. That the pricing pro- gram prospered in the teeth of the recession portends well. We also launched an Enterprise Risk Management process for identifying potential risks. This will enable us to minimize exposure to loss while capitalizing on opportunities.
So, while the conditions were adverse, we actively man- aged through them and continued to execute on long- term strategies. We remain confident in the longer-term prospects and in ongoing strategies to generate sustain- able, profitable growth. We believe Pall is well positioned to outperform as the economy recovers.
Committed to Excellence in Everything We Do
I want to thank our outgoing board member, Heywood Shelley, for his sage and dependable counsel. Heywood has been a longstanding and trusted advisor. The torch is now passing to our newest member, Bob Coutts. We welcome him. The caliber and experience of Pall’s board underscores its ongoing commitment to driving excel- lence into every aspect of the business.
We received exciting news just as this annual report was going to press. Pall was named to Newsweek’s premiere list of the “greenest companies in America.” Pall ranked second in the Industrial Goods category and 47th among the 500 largest companies in the U.S. Like Pall, they oper- ate globally where environmentalism is increasingly becoming a key consideration for business and invest- ment decisions. It is an honor to be among the highest ranked and in the company of some of the most respected firms in the world. Pall’s business is helping customers to enable a greener future. We are also practicing what we preach. Our place on Newsweek’s list provides external confirmation of our progress.
In closing, we appreciate your confidence in us and pledge to continue the work of better serving our custom- ers and you.
Sincerely,
Eric Krasnoff
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
2009 Form 10-K
                      