                                         Dear Pall Stakeholders
Against the backdrop of a year in which business fundamentals were strong, we discovered that Pall had understated its income tax payments and tax provisions in several prior periods. Management promptly self reported this to the appropriate regulatory bodies and we have been working diligently ever since to resolve this matter.
We continue to cooperate fully with all regulatory inquiries. At the same time, we are retaining our sharp focus on the substantial business opportunities we see going forward.
The results in fiscal 2007 show we are on the right path to sustainable profitable growth.
In fiscal 2007, local currency sales increased 8%, the same as in 2006 and twice the rate of fiscal 2005’s 4%. Sales growth on an as reported basis was even stronger, at 111⁄2%, as we benefited from strong European and Asian sales and a weak U.S. dollar. Sixty-eight percent of sales are now outside of the U.S. Earnings before interest and taxes for fiscal 2007 were $299.6 million, easily surpassing our targets as myriad initiatives to improve profitability took hold.
What’s driving these results? In a word, strategy.
Pall's long-term strategy has been to provide Total Fluid Management (TFM) across our major markets. Our new product development, manufacturing strategy and systems platform are all executed in service of that goal. Broad and growing customer demand shows that Pall is both anticipating and meeting the evolving needs of markets worldwide.
Dwindling resources. Increasing regulation. Emerging pathogens. New drugs. High-tech products and processes. Absolute imperatives for quality and productivity. Developing economies and rising standards of living. These all require more and ever finer levels of filtration, separation and purification. Pall has anticipated these market dynamics and worked hard to be in a position to take advantage of them.
 Pall is a technology company and a solutions provider. We are harnessing our many strengths to make customers more successful. Our ability to leverage these capabilities through our TFM approach is making us a more important commercial partner.
Pall’s engineered systems are an important subset of TFM. The systems platform continues to grow and represented 101⁄2% of fiscal 2007 sales. These systems, concentrated in our General Industrial and BioPharmaceuticals markets, reflect industry's investment in new products, processes and capacity. Pall’s engineered systems connect different parts of the process, making them more efficient, often in a smaller footprint, and with lower energy consumption and environmental impact. Our TFM capability further differentiates Pall in the marketplace and sets the stage for long-term customer partnerships.
 Eric Krasnoff
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer

                                          We are also executing a full suite of initiatives aimed at strengthening our processes while increasing efficiency and reducing costs. These are showing through with both cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses reducing as a percentage of sales. We will continue to identify opportunities to increase productivity and reduce costs over the next several years. We are creating a company culture that is never satisfied with the status quo, one that embraces the fact that everything can always be improved.
What are some of these improvement initiatives? They include our facilities rationalization program in which we’re consolidating manufacturing, reducing our footprint and realigning our plants with our customers’ general locations. We are also executing major initiatives to streamline our processes and infrastructure. We expect the benefits from these programs to continue over the next 21⁄2 years.
So everywhere we look we see opportunities today and well into the future for Pall to be a truly world-class enterprise. And we’re seizing them. Your Company has a very strong franchise and the strategies, plans, talent and dedication to capitalize on it. Pall employees deserve a lot of credit for all we’ve accomplished.
Our board of directors has been steadfast in its leadership and unwavering in its support. We’re pleased to welcome Cheryl Grisé to the board. Cheryl’s addition underscores the board’s commitment to driving excellence in every aspect of our business.
In closing, we appreciate your confidence in us and remain fervently committed to better serving our customers and you.
Eric Krasnoff
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
 