Dear Reader,
Pall Corporation delivered solid results for fiscal 2010 in a challenging economy. On the top line, Life Sciences continued to grow throughout the year. Our BioPharma- ceuticals market, where we have invested heavily, grew over 10% in local currency (LC). Pall Industrial finished the year down about 3% (in LC). The global recession and consequent drop in industrial activity slowly abated as the year progressed.
Industrial turned positive again beginning in the third quarter on the strength of a handful of markets. The Microelectronics market, in particular, rebounded finishing fis- cal 2010 up 21% (in LC). By the end of the year the remaining markets were setting up to grow again. Order activity across virtually all Industrial markets grew in the fourth quarter.
A significant accomplishment for fiscal 2010 was the improvement in gross margin. It came in just above 50%. We’ve been chipping away at this for some time – reduc- ing manufacturing footprint, leveraging a Lean culture, improving margins on sys- tems and implementing our Pricing Excellence program. These efforts not just offset the effects of inflation but enabled us to leverage an improving top line in the second half of the year.
SG&A increased 3 1⁄2% in local currency. This was driven in large part by one-time invest- ments necessary to achieve our strategic plan. Noteworthy are the establishment of our European headquarters in Fribourg, Switzerland, an Asian headquarters in Singapore, significant progress implementing a global ERP system, and expenditures to expand our presence in fast-growing regions. These investments, coupled with increasing sales, should lead to lower SG&A expenses in the future. And while still in the investment phase, we are already beginning to see benefit.
Operating cash flow improved to $378 million compared to $327 million last year. This reflects a strong focus on working capital management. Among the most significant uses of cash in the year were $100 million to repurchase 2.7 million shares of the Com- pany’s common stock, $71 million in dividends to shareholders and $136 million in cap- ital spending. Pro forma earnings per share increased 20% to $2.12 per share compared to $1.77 a year ago.

Overall we are encouraged by the progress made in fiscal 2010. We continue to exe- cute our growth strategies and remain confident in Pall’s ability to generate sustain- able, profitable growth. Our Company is well positioned to achieve its longer-term goals. You can follow our progress throughout the year on Pall's website (www.pall.com), a rich resource to help you stay abreast of Company activities.
We welcome Pall’s newest director. Dr. Amy Alving, chief technology officer and a senior vice president at Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), joined Pall’s board of directors this past spring. We look forward to her contributions. The caliber and experience of Pall’s board underscores our ongoing commitment to excellence in every aspect of the business.
Your continued interest in Pall Corporation is appreciated. Sincerely,
Eric Krasnoff
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President
 