8
Perspectives from Pall’s NewCEO I arrived at Pall shortly before this annual report went to press and want to share
some initial observations. First, it is a privilege to be here.
I’ve taken the reins of a company whose namesake and founder won the National Medal of Technology and Innovation, the highest honor for technological achievement in the U.S. Pall’s history of developing enabling technology affords us terrific opportunities to build a high-performance company.
Our core competence in filtration, separation and purification science positions us well to address complex fluid management challenges and opportunities. Our breadth of customer applications knowledge and engineering capabilities are perhaps our greatest strengths. These will serve us well as we expand Pall’s global reach and develop our business model.
Pall products truly make the world safer, greener and better. As societies modernize and standards of living improve, Pall’s capabilities become more important. As stakeholders in our company, you should be proud to be associated with a business that fundamentally enables people to live healthier, longer lives in a world that’s a better place.
We have done a good job of positioning ourselves to take advantage of global growth markets. However, we need to build a more robust business model to better address our customers’ needs and drive consistent shareholder return. That business model involves a strong commitment to acquire and develop new technologies and accelerate innovation on many fronts. It also needs to better integrate people, processes and systems to seamlessly connect us both internally and with our suppliers, customers and other business partners.

In this turbulent economic environment, it’s comforting to have a sales profile that incorporates a strong consumable products revenue stream. While we clearly corre- late with capital spend trends, we always benefit from the strong liquidity that our annuity revenue stream brings. Additionally, we serve very diverse end markets that are either early or late cycle, or are different relative lengths of cycle in nature. This too allows us to remain confident that we can perform in almost any environment.
I want to thank retiring CEO Eric Krasnoff for all he’s done to nurture Pall over the past 17 years. On behalf of the board of directors and all of our employees, we congratulate him and wish him well. We know that Eric will always be part of Pall’s extended family.
I also want to thank the board for their confidence and for providing me with the opportunity to lead your company into the future. I believe that we have the poten- tial to be one of the world’s best technology companies and to deliver strong, sus- tainable results. I look forward to meeting many of you in the future.
Sincerely,
Lawrence D. Kingsley
Chief Executive Officer & President
“Pall products truly make the world safer, greener and better. As societies modernize and standards of living improve, Pall’s c”apabilities become more important.
9
   