                 8
Message to our
Stakeholders
Dear Pall Stakeholders,
Our deep filtration, separation science and purification knowledge, and our engineering expertise continue to differentiate Pall. However, we are working through a defining time in our company’s history. We’re realigning our strategy, structure and operating model to enable growth in a dynamic market.
With the wide array of applications that we serve and a strong consumable products revenue stream, we have the right business profile to deliver value in the current environment. This past year, we delivered solid returns despite challenging conditions in many of our markets.
Sales increased approximately 6% over last year and we also delivered pro forma EPS and free cash flow growth of 15% and 17% respectively.(1) Our full-year results met the midpoint of our guidance from the beginning of the year despite the economic environment and adverse foreign currency impact during the second half of the year.
During fiscal 2012, Pall also completed several important transactions that better position us to capitalize on future growth opportunities in businesses and markets where our competitive advantages are greatest. To strengthen our capabilities to support customers in the Latin American markets, we acquired Engefiltro, our long-time Brazilian channel partner; and we acquired ForteBio, Inc., a leading provider of advanced analytical systems that accelerate the discovery and development of biotech drugs, a logical extension of our current life science process filtration capabilities. We also divested the business assets of our blood collection, filtration and processing product lines to focus our team and our investment toward growth for the future.
In FY 2013, we are increasing our internal investment in research and development, and we intend to acquire strategic technologies and businesses to improve our position in higher growth segments. We have a clear strategy that defines what we will do over the next three years.

                We are positioning ourselves for future growth by investing in businesses and markets where our competitive advantages are greatest.
To ensure we are properly structured for our next phase of growth, we also strengthened the company’s foundation—our people, processes and technology. We added significant strength to our management team in FY 2012, we intensified our focus on operational improvement and implemented the last phase of our global enterprise information system. Our Pall Enterprise System (PES) is now beginning to define how we do, what we do and is a key component to advancing our performance-minded culture and for objectively mea- suring how well we are doing.
Delighting our customer is the driving force behind all of our activities and priorities. Our employees understand that we must be the most customer-focused and service-capable company in our marketplace—we will be.
This is a defining time and a busy time for Pall. In a turbulent global economy, we are deter- mined to thrive, not just survive in a stagnant economy. During the past year, we began the critical process of solidifying our foundation for future success. It is our commitment to con- tinue building on this base to realize the full potential of our company and continue delivering the results and returns you deserve.
Sincerely,
Lawrence D. Kingsley
President & Chief Executive Officer
  (1) For reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, please see Appendix B in the Proxy statement for the Pall 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
9
