 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
    In my 30 years with PNC, I can’t remember a year as unique and challenging as 2002.
Yet, despite this difficult environment, I am tremendously proud of what our team of 24,000 employees accomplished.
• We reported earnings of $1.2
billion and generated a 19% return on equity in 2002.
• Our employees continued
to win the confidence of our customers, as customer satisfac- tion neared all-time highs in several areas, and more employ- ees referred new business than ever before.
• We also continued to strength- en our balance sheet, build a more valuable mix of business- es, and make strides in other areas critical to enhancing our competitive position.
In short, what we accom- plished in 2002 reflects our team’s commitment to achieving our goal of growing PNC and delivering premium returns for the risk we’re willing to take.
Clearly, though, the economic pressures facing our industry had an impact.
In a year marked by declin- ing equity markets, record bankruptcies, lower capital investment, and weak credit quality, revenue softened in a number of our businesses.
In addition, we also had to work to regain shareholder confidence after restating our 2001 earnings.
As you’ll read, we’ve taken a number of steps to address these issues, and I believe we enter 2003 better positioned to create value for all the constituencies we serve.
1
Strengthening Critical Areas
For a variety of reasons, issues related to risk management
and corporate governance drew additional national attention last year. These issues can dramatically affect a company’s integrity and performance — and we take them very seriously.
Our efforts to enhance our risk management and corporate governance practices intensified after restating our 2001 earnings. In order to settle a related inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission, we consented to an SEC cease and desist order. We also entered into written agreements that focused on risk, management and finan- cial controls with the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland and the Office of the Comptroller of Currency following examinations by those regulatory agencies. I’m pleased to say that we have worked closely with our regulators to aggressively address these issues.
We also engaged highly regarded consultants McKinsey & Company, Promontory Financial Group, and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz to assist us in developing a broad risk manage- ment and corporate governance plan. Throughout the year, we made tremendous progress.
• We named a senior executive,
Tom Whitford, to the newly- created position of Chief Risk Officer to help implement an enterprise-wide approach to risk management.
• We created management commit- tees to address risks associated with significant transactions, products, services, and capital commitments.
• We worked to dramatically improve regulatory relations, and recruited Jack Wixted from the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago to serve as Chief Regulatory Officer.
 
    processing, and lending each contributed roughly equal por- tions of total business revenue.
I believe we’ve been succes- ful in building a strong balance sheet and enhancing risk management and corporate governance. Moving forward, we’re working to harness the energy we’ve focused on these issues to help improve perform- ance business by business.
This happens to be a partic- ular strength of Joe Guyaux, the 30-year PNC veteran we named president of PNC in August 2002. In his new role, Joe heads all of our banking businesses, including Wholesale Banking and PNC Advisors. He is working to build on the remarkable success Regional Community Banking achieved under his leadership.
 • We added Vice Chairman
and CFO Bill Demchak and Vice Chairmen Bill Mutterperl and Joe Whiteside, who
bring additional talent and experience to our senior leadership team.
• We also added new board members — J. Gary Cooper, Richard Kelson, Anthony Massaro, and Stephen Thieke — who provide significant financial and industry expertise.
In addition, to further enhance corporate governance, our employees adopted a Statement of Principles and we strengthened our Code of Ethics.
I believe the extensive amount of time and energy we spent on risk management and corporate governance in 2002 will serve to reinforce our company’s strong foundation.
d Balance Sheet
In this economy, we also contin- ued to strengthen critical ele- ments of our balance sheet,
such as our liquidity and capital positions. Our loan-to-deposit ratio is 79%, down from 106% at the end of 2000, and our
Tier I capital ratio is 8.8%. Each is the strongest in our company’s recent history and among the best in our peer group.
We expect to proactively manage our capital in 2003. Our top priorities include investing in our businesses and resuming our share repurchase program.
We also continued an exten- sive effort to reduce credit risk in 2002, removing roughly $2.8 billion in higher-risk, low-return assets from our balance sheet.
In addition, our business mix continues to fuel a diverse revenue stream. In 2002, deposits, asset management,
 Well-Positione
James E. Rohr
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 2
 
    A Valuable Mix of Businesses
Some of our businesses have performed well through this challenging economy. Our deposit-driven Regional Community Banking (RCB) franchise contributed 55% of total business earnings in 2002. Through developing a culture that fosters sales and customer satisfaction, the RCB grew its checking account base by 7%.
We believe our premier technology platform and high- quality customer service should enable us to make these relation- ships more beneficial to both the customer and PNC.
Another of our businesses, BlackRock, once again delivered strong results. It grew earnings 24% in 2002 to $133 million by leveraging its expertise and solid track record in fixed income and liquidity performance.
Since 1996, BlackRock has fueled extraordinary growth in earnings and assets under manage- ment. I believe its investment management expertise, combined with strengths in risk management, should enable BlackRock to con- tinue delivering premium growth.
In a number of our other businesses, the environment has been more challenging.
In Wholesale Banking, which includes Corporate Banking, PNC Real Estate Finance, and PNC Business Credit, we’ve worked to reduce risk and improve asset quality. Because we made a strategic decision to exit many lower- return credit relationships, rev- enue has been pressured. We’re largely done with that work now.
We’re looking to drive future growth in this business by focus- ing on middle market clients in the regions we serve. We have a
significant opportunity to deepen relationships by selling fee-based treasury management and capital markets products. In addition, eliminating redundancies
should help Wholesale Banking reduce expenses.
At PNC Advisors and PFPC, our wealth management and global fund servicing businesses, the declin- ing equity markets and client attri- tion have adversely affected revenue.
We had built up these busi- nesses in past years to compete
in what many anticipated would be a robust and rapidly growing equity market. As that is no longer the case, we’re implementing strate- gies to improve operating efficiency while also emphasizing client retention and growth.
The team at PNC Advisors is focused on its investment perform- ance and high-touch service as keys to attract and sustain a strong customer base. PFPC’s sales team has been restructured to better leverage the company’s leading technology-based solutions.
Differentiating PNC
Along with our balance sheet
and diverse mix of businesses,
we believe two other factors differ- entiate PNC — our technology capabilities and our people.
Driven by Chief Information Officer Tim Shack, who is also now leveraging this expertise as Chief Executive Officer of PFPC, we’re using technology to make business easier for our customers, improve processes for our employees, and create value for our shareholders. This success has been widely recognized by industry experts.
Information Week ranked PNC 35th overall and the second highest bank in its annual list of the nation’s top 500 technology innovators.
In addition, an initiative that helped
3
 
   us increase retention in Regional Community Banking was recognized by technology consultant Peppers and Rogers as one of the ten best customer relationship management pro- grams in the country.
Technology alone does not get the job done.
I’ve always believed that our team of 24,000 employees is our best advantage. They’ve demon- strated an unwavering commit- ment to this company, and each day they live the values that grace the cover of this report. Our employees don’t simply dif- ferentiate PNC — they define it.
Even with the challenging environment, their sense of teamwork and community spirit stood out this year. Through a program called the Chairman’s Challenge, more than 80% of non-sales employees in the regions we serve referred new business to our sales staff, which closed on 57% of these leads.
Our employees also reached their goal of contributing 1 mil- lion volunteer hours to local community groups. I can’t thank them enough for their contribu- tions. In addition, community- related funding from The
PNC Foundation totaled more than $12 million last year.
Our entire management team recognizes the importance of attracting and retaining talented people and strengthen- ing the fabric of our community. That’s why I’m proud of the diverse array of programs we’ve implemented to accomplish those goals.
In fact, in 2002 we were rec- ognized by Money® magazine for having one of the nation’s top 25 benefits plans, and we earned a
 place in Business Ethics magazine’s list of top 100 corporate citizens. I’m also tremendously
indebted to our senior leadership team and our board of directors. They have put in countless hours as we’ve worked to implement PNC’s strategic vision. Their sup- port, commitment, and contribu- tions have been extraordinary.
I believe the company I’ve described for you has the ability to perform well for all of our con- stituencies in 2003, although we realize there are challenges ahead.
Many of these challenges are shared by others across our indus- try. Prospects for economic growth remain uncertain, and we’re one of a large number of companies that will be adversely impacted by additional costs to fund pensions and expense stock options.
With that said, our strong balance sheet, capital manage- ment, and efficiency initiatives should help our returns even if the environment does not improve. If the economy does recover, our diverse business mix and targeted marketing campaigns should enable us to post even better results.
Finally, I’d like to thank our shareholders and customers for your confidence in PNC. I couldn’t be more excited about our company. We have devel- oped an unwavering commit- ment to creating value for you, and we look forward to earning your continued faith.
Sincerely,
  4
James E. Rohr Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 