  RANDALL J. HOGAN Chairman and CEO
 Letter to Our Shareholders.
 On behalf of Pentair’s 16,000 employees worldwide, I am pleased to report that
Pentair’s 2007 performance produced record results. By setting aggressive yet realistic
goals and applying Pentair’s Integrated Management System to achieve them,
Pentair’s performance resulted in total return to shareholders of 11 percent. We
accomplished this and more by improving, every day. This focus, highlighted on the
cover of this report, embodies the foundation of our operating culture. It begins with our customers, and extends to developing innovative, quality products, delivering them effectively, and managing our portfolio for long-term benefit. Stated simply, it embodies our commitment to our customers and our shareholders every day.
Record Success in 2007
Pentair produced tremendous results in 2007, an especially significant achievement in a year of challenging and volatile markets. Highlights include:
· Record sales of $3.4 billion, an 8 percent increase over 2006.
· Record global reach, with sales outside of the United States exceeding $1billion for the first time in the
company’s history. This milestone reflects our commitment to flow resources to our most attractive
opportunities through key initiatives in the global commercial, industrial and municipal markets.
· Improved operating income to $378 million, an increase of 22 percent, and improved operating margins
to 11.1 percent, up 130 basis points as compared to 2006.
· Record free cash flow of $285 million, while investing $62 million—an $11 million increase year-over-
year—in new products and strategic growth initiatives. Improved efficiency in the use of working capital was a key goal for the year, and I’m pleased we accomplished it with a year-over-year improvement of $95 million in working capital from 2006 to 2007.
· Earnings per share of $2.10, an increase of 16 percent year-over-year to top the $2 mark for the first time. At Pentair, we’re focused on shareholder value and are determined to outperform the markets again in 2008.
Since the end of fiscal year 2007, we increased our dividend 13 percent to $0.68 per share marking the 32nd consecutive annual increase. In addition, we enter 2008 with a lower sustainable corporate tax rate reflecting successful structural changes in Europe and Asia as well as solid productivity momentum.
Improving Our Customers’ Performance Every Day
Pentair’s 2007 sales results demonstrate our renewed focus on the voice of our customers. While productivity was a key driver to our success last year, we knew we had to invest strategically to drive growth and we did.
· By combining our leading product innovations to address market needs more effectively, Pentair’s integrated flow and filtration systems will supply the drinking and food processing water for the new Beijing International Airport. When complete, this airport will be the largest in the world.
1

 2
· Further distinguishing Pentair’s leadership position in pool, the new Eco SelectTM line of products offer best-in-class energy-efficient and environmentally sound solutions. For example, the MasterTemp® pool heater is certified for low nitrogen oxide emissions, making it an industry-leading eco-friendly choice. The IntelliFlow® pool pump can slash pool energy consumption by as much as 70 percent. This dramatically successful line of products is changing the industry, and represents one way Pool drove a 4 percent sales increase in 2007 despite the challenging implications of the North American residential market slowdown.
· With a disciplined vertical market focus, Technical Products continues to grow. For example, Hoffman launched Zonex enclosures in 2007 to further penetrate the petrochemical market. Designed to conform to the strictest international standards for use in hazardous locations, Zonex helps Hoffman serve an even broader array of customer applications in the global, fast-growing oil and gas industry.
Our focus on the customer translates not only to product innovation but also to our continued commitment to superior quality and customer service. To understand how we outperform our competition, consider New Orleans. When the United States Army Corps of Engineers needed to strengthen the city’s water infrastructure before the quickly approaching 2007 hurricane season, it turned to Pentair’s Fairbanks Morse. The New Orleans project called for 11 pumps, each weighing 85,000 pounds with a pumping capacity of approximately 172,000 gallons per minute. Exceeding the Corps’ already aggressive timeline, Fairbanks Morse successfully designed, delivered, installed and started the pumps in 6 months, record time versus a norm of 18 months for a project of this magnitude. Once installed, Fairbanks Morse pumps strengthened the city’s water infrastructure. This is just one of thousands of examples of how Pentair exceeds our customers’ expectations.
Improving Our Productivity Every Day
We entered last year with operational improvement as a priority. The value of Pentair’s Integrated Management System is reflected in our 2007 performance: we achieved record operating income and expanded operating margins. These new standards serve as the basis from which we’ll judge our operating performance in 2008.
· For the year, Technical Products’ generated 14.6 percent operating margins, reflecting world-class Lean discipline to more than compensate for the impact of market weakness in the first half of the year. Exiting the year, Technical Products’ focus on continuous improvement created margin expansion, and the business enters 2008 with strong momentum.
· For the year, Water drove significant productivity improvements resulting in margin expansion of 160 basis points to 11.6 percent. This performance validates the potential of our water businesses and reflects the beginning of more effective Lean discipline and targeted reductions in our cost structure.
Best yet, we have even more opportunity. That’s why we’re focused on improving, every day.

 Improving Our Communities Every Day
Our commitment to continuous improvement extends to our employees and our communities. As reflected in Pentair’s Code of Conduct and in the Pentair Foundation’s mission, we know that people are the key to our success. That’s why we continue to invest in our employees through Pentair’s Executive Development Program and other career enhancements. It is also why more than 200 employees volunteer to serve on Pentair’s Community Councils, which help strengthen the communities in which we operate through charitable support. Since its inception in 1998, the Pentair Foundation has granted more than $20 million to support our communities; we remain committed to improving our communities every day.
This past year, we also made a new commitment. Through a multi-year grant to Water Missions International, a non-profit organization, the Pentair Foundation is improving access to safe, clean water for the quarter of a million people in Colon, Honduras. The goal of this project is to establish credible and scientifically-defensible data to demonstrate it’s possible to solve the world’s water crisis cost-effectively. In partnership with Water Missions and the Center for Disease Control, we will do so.
Improving Our Performance Every Day
Pentair’s future is bright. Global growth opportunities abound, as reflected in the 30 percent growth in international sales achieved last year through our key global growth initiatives such as food service and industrial filtration. Through our recent transition to a global business and regional leadership structure, we expect to more effectively deploy our best resources to our most attractive markets to accelerate growth in 2008.
Productivity opportunities also abound. Last year, we not only increased margins but revealed opportunities for additional improvements. In 2008, we expect to deploy Pentair’s Integrated Management System more deeply in all of our businesses to reap additional margin expansion, and more effectively meet or ex- ceed our customers’ high expectations.
We are confident in our 2008 prospects. The markets we serve – water and technology – are attractive, and the need for our products and solutions continues to grow. The commitment of our employees continues to grow as well, and we are energized not only by our opportunities but by our collective ability to realize them. We are, indeed, improving every day. On behalf of all Pentair employees, thank you for your support and confidence in us.
Sincerely,
RANDALL J. HOGAN
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 3
