 RANDALL J. HOGAN CHAIRMAN & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDER,
2014 was an exceptional year in Pentair’s history. It marked the second anniversary of our merger with Tyco’s Flow Control business, the signal event that began the next chapter in Pentair’s nearly 50-year history.
The past two years have been focused on integrating the Flow Control business, positioning the company for growth, applying our proven operating disciplines and establishing a unified One Pentair culture. The results of the past two years demonstrated the power of the Pentair Integrated Management System (PIMS) as a differentiating management tool. While we have accomplished much in terms of growing our business and positioning our portfolio to better serve customers for the long-term value we intend to create, we know the best is yet to come.
     OUR STRATEGY
HAS DRIVEN TREMENDOUS VALUE
While the merger has given us the opportunity to serve more customers with a broader set of products and services, it has already positively impacted our financial performance, creating tremendous value for our shareholders. Over the last two years, Pentair returned $2.3 billion to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases and 2014 marked the 38th consecutive year that we raised our dividend. Our cash flow generating capabilities have more than tripled since the merger
to nearly $900 million in 2014, and for the foreseeable future we expect to generate approximately $1 billion a year in free cash.
With our strong free cash flow, we
will continue to focus on the best
ways to deploy our capital. Our capital allocation philosophy remains certain and unchanged. We have the resources to fully fund our customer first growth strategies. We remain committed to our investment grade rating and dividend. We are building the acquisition pipeline across our portfolio while we continue to invest in our core businesses. We believe this balanced approach provides the highest return for our shareholders.
WE HAVE A CLEAR PATH TO VALUE CREATION
FOR OUR SHAREHOLDERS
The dramatic demographic shifts taking place in the growing global middle class are increasingly forcing tremendous stress on the world’s supply of food,
water, and energy. All three are interdependent: We need water to
grow food and generate energy and we need energy to move and treat water and process food. These undeniable global trends continue to inform our strategy, and today seventy-five percent of what we do is related to serving customers in food, water, and energy. This interconnectivity was the strategic insight that led us to the merger with Flow Control, extending our global scale, our breadth of offerings, and allowing us to pursue new opportunities to provide innovative solutions to our customers.
  4 Pentair Annual Report 2014
 
WE HAVE A STRONG PORTFOLIO TO DRIVE GROWTH AND PRODUCTIVITY
At the beginning of last year, we realigned into growth platforms providing a better mechanism to deploy investments effectively across the enterprise. Our platform focus allows us the ability to fund and track growth actions at more granular levels of our business. While we cannot control the external economic environment, we are focused on driving differentiated growth within the most attractive businesses in
our portfolio.
We have diversity in end markets, diversity in customer offerings, and diversity in geographies, allowing
us to better handle uncertainties
that may occur in one particular industry or one particular region. This is one of the most strategic advantages we have today. This level of diversity is narrow enough for us to manage, yet broad enough to handle market cycles. This provides us the opportunity to drive growth despite fluctuations in individual markets,
as we saw throughout last year in
oil and gas. We continued to deliver differentiated growth in both our Residential & Commercial and Food & Beverage verticals, helping drive the company to another successful year.
Coming together as One Pentair is how we achieve our purpose and vision — and how we drive high performance.
ALIGNED AND PRIORITIZED TO EXECUTE
The Pentair Integrated Management System has long been a foundation of the Pentair culture and we believe the success we have had the past two years demonstrates the power of our proven operating processes as a differentiating integration tool.
Alignment around PIMS provides
a common language and set of approaches to ensure we are building sustainable higher performance across our company globally. These include lean enterprise and standardization, growth processes, and talent management. PIMS allows us to expand operating margins while also improving delivery and quality to customers. Over the past two years, PIMS drove double- digit yearly operating income growth and increased on-time deliveries and quality rates in virtually all of our businesses. We also benefited from
our standardization tools, significantly reducing the complexity of the company and rationalizing our footprint.
We improved our global logistics.
We drove operational efficiencies and over delivered on our cost and growth synergies. And we positioned our talent to bring capability and experience to our greatest opportunities to solve our customers’ challenges.
COMING TOGETHER AS ONE PENTAIR
We worked hard this past year to
align our 30,000 employees around our purpose, vision, strategic and operating principles — defining “what” we do, “why” we do it, and “how”
each employee executes every day to accomplish it. Our vision to become the next great industrial company means we intend to become the destination company for customers, shareholders, and great talent. Our values are the heartbeat that drives our company to “Win Right” and PIMS is the playbook that delivers sustained excellence.
Coming together as One Pentair is how we achieve our purpose and vision — and how we drive high performance. We made great progress this year.
We have the resources, the solutions, and the people to fulfill our purpose and realize our vision — our future looks bright.
RANDALL J. HOGAN
CHAIRMAN &
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
             Pentair Annual Report 2014 5
 Celebrating one million hours without a loss time incident at our Manchester UK facility.
  