Letter to Our Shareholders:
2010 was a tremendous year for Pentair. Clear focus and execution on our growth initiatives drove robust top-line growth, and our lower cost structure, along with Lean Enterprise disciplines, enabled meaningful margin expansion. We continued to invest in innovation, fast growth markets and capabilities to build our sustainable future.
 Sales exceeded $3 billion in 2010, up 13 percent on an organic basis as all businesses and geographies contributed. The investments we maintained through the global recession in new product development and fast growth regions, along with a strengthening global economy and a return in business spending, helped
fuel top-line growth. Pentair Water sales grew 10 percent for the year, even though U.S. residential markets have yet to show a meaningful recovery. In Pentair Technical Products, sales increased 17 percent in 2010, reflecting broad-based strength across all the markets we serve.
In 2009, we made tough but necessary decisions to reduce our cost structure while we remained committed to key growth investments to ensure we emerged stronger. We believe our performance in 2010 demonstrates this strength.
Our relentless focus on operational excellence using Lean Enterprise disciplines, along with a lower cost structure, drove total operating profits up over 30 percent. We achieved diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (EPS) of $2.00, up 71 percent when compared to 2009 EPS of $1.17. Adjusting 2009 to exclude restructuring and impairment items and the impact from the early redemption of bonds, 2010 EPS increased 36 percent.
Pentair has a long history of generating strong cash flow—consistently converting greater than 100 percent of net income to free cash flow. We generated $211 million in free cash flow and effectively managed capital spending to $60 million, or approximately 2 percent of sales. This strong cash flow performance enables us to return cash to shareholders, as evidenced by our 35th consecutive year of dividend increases, resulting in an annual dividend of $0.80 in 2011. With our balance sheet flexibility we can pursue acquisitions to augment our organic growth strategy while maintaining our capital-to-shareholder-first approach.
More Global
Today, we are a stronger, more global company—expanding our presence in key growth markets. In 2010, we doubled our water manufacturing capacity in Suzhou, China; added localized innovation capabilities and design teams; and expanded distribution, including rolling out our residential filtration systems in over 100 retail stores in China. While sales were up 26 percent in China, we believe we are just beginning to see the benefits of these actions. We are also investing to expand our capabilities in Latin America, where sales grew 18 percent, and India, where sales nearly doubled. Fast growth regions remain a key priority for us, and I am confident we will continue to see strong sales in each of these regions.
In Water, we are focused on serving the growing need for access to clean, safe water supply across the globe with the utmost attention to water conservation and efficiency. We supplied a hospital in Yemen, for example, with containerized water treatment systems that now provide the water it needs each day, marking our first-ever sale of this new containerized solution. We also expanded in Brazil with the recent acquisition of Hidro Filtros, which strengthens our share of the residential filtration market and provides a platform for future growth through an expanded product portfolio and an established sales and distribution network.
In Technical Products, we are leveraging our global manufacturing capabilities and strong brands to build our position in key growth markets and strengthen our global customer relationships. We have doubled our number of distributors in China, for example, helping to grow China sales in Technical Products over 45 percent in 2010. We also added key distributors in the Middle East, Turkey and Russia.
Today, our combined sales in fast growth regions are over $425 million and in position to grow strong double digits in 2011.
Rapid Growth
2010 was a breakthrough year in new product innovation. Most of our businesses doubled new product launches from 2009. We introduced a wall-mounted point-of-use filtration
 Randall J. Hogan, Chairman & CEO
Pentair Annual Report 2010 | 1

                    system for India; expanded our agriculture portfolio to include a high efficiency irrigation pump; and launched a new cooling management system integrated with our industry-leading cabinets used in data
centers—to name a few. We also rolled out over 15 new filtrationsystemdesigns, building the foundation for our global systems business.
We have established stronger
innovation capabilities, driven by the voice of the customer, to build further momentum.
We’ve made a firm commitment to develop and offer environmentally responsible products. This commitment is part of our value system and it is what our customers want. We introduced a new rainwater reuse pump in Australia with an innovative remote monitoring device called H2O Informer that tracks the quantity of rainwater captured and percentage of water savings. Our Eco Select pool products—the “greenest” and most efficient in the marketplace—are another great example.
We continued to innovate in channel and distribution.
In Technical Products, for example, we are leveraging our brand strength in enclosures to expand in high growth vertical markets including global data communications, railway infrastructure and parking stations for electric vehicles.
In 2010, we also completed delivery of some of the largest pumps in the world as we supplied the Gulf Intracoastal Water Way (GIWW) project in New Orleans, adding $56 million in sales. This demonstrates the type of massive infrastructure project that Pentair can support.
With a stronger and differentiated product portfolio, we continue to expand our reach and post strong sales gains.
 SALES EXCEEDED $3 BILLION IN 2010, UP 13% ON AN ORGANIC
BASIS AS ALL BUSINESSES AND GEOGRAPHIES CONTRIBUTED.
Core Belief
Around the world, our employees are driving a sustainable culture. It begins with the belief in ‘improving every day’ through the application of our Pentair Integrated
Management System (PIMS). PIMS drives performance improvement and accelerates growth through systematic processes, including Lean Enterprise. We continue to advance our already strong workplace safety levels and we remain committed to improving our customer service experiences around product quality and on-time delivery. With improvements in these areas as well as product cost and cash flow management—the hallmarks of Lean Enterprise—we will continue to serve our global customers better every day.
In 2010, we expanded these tools to include a new growth capability—the Rapid Growth Process. By developing a standard methodology to fuel product and market innovation, we are better positioned to rapidly test and implement growth programs. We are excited about the Rapid Growth Process and how it can provide a differentiated capability for Pentair.
Whether it’s Lean Enterprise or our Rapid Growth Process, everything we do begins with our “Win Right” culture. These two words embody both our drive for success and dedication to doing business with the highest ethical standards. We are committed to building success by following practices of candor, integrity, trust and respect embraced by every employee.
                                                                                            Net Sales
($ IN BILLIONS)
3.4 2.7 3.0
Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations($)
2.59 1.17 2.00
Free Cash Flow
($ IN MILLIONS)
164 207 211
Annual Dividend
($ PER SHARE)
0.68 0.72 0.76
                 ’08 ’09 ’10
’08 ’09 ’10
’08 ’09 ’10
’08 ’09 ’10
Pentair Annual Report 2010 | 2

    MAKING AN IMPACT
Every year we help thousands of people and organizations around the world with our commitment to charitable giving led by The Pentair Foundation. The Foundation is funded through our commitment to dedicate two percent of our annual pre-tax income to charitable efforts.
The Foundation acted quickly after the devastating earthquake in Haiti in 2010. With the critical need for clean, safe drinking water, the Foundation donated tanks, pressure pumps, pre-filters and submersible pumps for the production of solar-powered water purification systems, removing harmful elements from the water and providing 5,000 gallons of purified drinking water per day with each system.
Additionally, the Foundation donated portable water treatment systems and related operating supplies to Haiti through its charitable partner, Water Missions International. These Living WaterTM Treatment Systems (LWTS) provide clean, safe drinking water to approximately 100,000 people daily.
In 2010, the over 14,000 employees of Pentair were inspired to help make a direct impact in their communities through the Global Impact Fund. This fund is designed to encourage employees worldwide to act as “employee sponsors” of charitable efforts that address either sustainability issues related to water, workforce development or education programs.
Providing sustainable solutions to meet the world’s growing need for clean, safe water and a better environment is a high priority for Pentair and the Foundation.
              Our Sustainable Future
The tremendous progress we’ve made in 2010 positions us for another strong year.
And while it’s great to be back above $3 billion in sales and $2.00 of EPS, we are constructively dissatisfied. We rebounded nicely and our new cost structure and profitability provide confidence that new earnings records will be in our near future but we are not yet back to 2008 sales and EPS levels. We are rapidly moving forward in 2011—finding ways to improve in everything we do. We know there will be challenges. Material inflation is already proving to be a global issue, which is why we are driving pricing actions and accelerating productivity initiatives to ensure we maintain our growth and earnings momentum. We believe, by focusing on what we can control and driving our Lean Enterprise and Rapid Growth Processes, we can move with speed to create an even stronger sustainable company.
The organization is aligned with clear priorities and a focus on delivering sustainable, profitable growth today and in the future through:
· Leveraging the investments in fast growth regions that we’ve seeded over the past several years, adding scale and accelerating growth.
· Drivinganotherrobustnewproductlaunchcalendarto build on the significant momentum from 2010 and aligning with the growing, global needs of our customers.
· Expanding our systems capabilities and product offerings to accelerate growth through the broad reach that our global distributor channels provide.
· Serving the significant installed base in the U.S. residential market, with roughly 100 million houses and over 8 million pools in the U.S.
We have a terrific foundation for growth. As a leader in both Water and Technical Products, our businesses are well positioned to serve the critical needs of our customers across the globe.
Our sustainable future is bright.
Thank you for your support and I look forward to reporting on our continued progress.
Randall J. Hogan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 Pentair Annual Report 2010 | 3
