 Randall J. Hogan
 Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
DEAR FELLOW
SHAREHOLDER,
It was an outstanding year for Pentair. This was the first year of what is a “new Pentair,” a company with more potential and with more opportunities than we have ever had before.
It was a year in which we began to prove the value of our 2012 merger and a year that demonstrated the power of our people and culture. Pentair’s employees performed remarkably, our customers were well served, and our shareholders in turn, were rewarded.
In 2013 we met or exceeded all of our performance goals, despite some unexpected softness in a number of our key end markets. The merger with Tyco’s Flow Control businesses doubled the size of the company, and vastly increased our global presence. This new Pentair embraced the powerful processes of our Pentair Integrated Management System (PIMS), and executed against our strategic plan to drive our 2013 results.
4 Pentair Annual Report 2013

 The transformative power of PIMS was key to overdriving our integration results this past year.
In 2013 we produced $130 million in integration synergies against an original first-year target of $90 million. PIMS provides the language and tools to ensure we are building sustainable performance across our entire global enterprise. We have spent years building our performance methodologies in Lean Enterprise, Growth, and Talent Management, and we remain committed to improving our processes every day. It is this commitment to continuous improvement that is the hallmark of PIMS, our culture, and all that we do.
“The transformative power of PIMS was key to overdriving our integration results this past year.”
PIMS: LEAN ENTERPRISE
Facilities new to our organization this year embraced Lean Enterprise. They focused on the elimination of waste and variability in all its forms to help ensure top quality and on-time delivery while minimizing costs. The results were powerful. In just one year
of utilizing PIMS and Lean Enterprise, our Valves
& Controls business improved its on-time deliveries by more than 10 percent. Additionally, for the second year in a row, the prestigious Shingo Silver Medallion was awarded to yet another Pentair manufacturing facility, this one in Moorpark, California. This is proof that continuous improvement, one of the core tenets of Lean Enterprise, is alive and well.
While we have made tremendous progress embracing Lean Enterprise, we see endless opportunities going forward. Not only in our manufacturing facilities, but outside their four walls and into areas where we have the potential to make doing business with us even more productive for our customers.
“PIMS provides the language and tools to ensure we are building sustainable performance across our entire global enterprise.”
 5 Pentair Annual Report 2013
PENTAIR’S MOORPARK, CALIFORNIA, EMPLOYEES CELEBRATE WINNING THE PRESTIGIOUS SHINGO SILVER MEDALLION AWARD.
PIMS: GROWTH
Our PIMS Growth tools are the Rapid Growth
Process (RGP) and our 3D Process for Innovation. RGP drives faster initiative development time and better deployment of resources by quickly identifying those ideas with the most potential, and eliminating those with critical flaws early in the process. This year we had over 100 RGP projects in our growth pipeline with more than 30 percent of them in our fast growth regions. RGP processes enabled our strategic move into Aquaculture — which is a $50 million business for Pentair today. Across our businesses, we estimate approximately one percent of organic growth last year was attributable to RGP initiatives, and we expect it to yield even more.
Similarly, our 3D Process for Innovation builds
on market insights to rapidly develop and launch innovative products. In 2013 we launched 162 new products, a 30 percent increase over the previous year. These new products, coupled with innovations for 2014, are expected to drive over $400 million of growth over the next five years.

This ability to deliver on growth and innovation
was recognized by Forbes, in naming Pentair to its list of “The World’s Most Innovative Companies.” Additionally, at the 2013 Aquatech World Water Event, one of the largest industry trade shows, Pentair won the highly competitive Innovation Award with the MemthaneTM Anaerobic Membrane Bio-Reactor, a joint innovation between Pentair and Veolia Biothane. This continues the track record of innovation to which Pentair is committed.
PIMS: TALENT MANAGEMENT
The ability to attract, develop, and deploy top talent is critical to our success, and we believe Pentair’s talent is among the best in the industry. In 2013, we made investments to strengthen our team and to deploy
top talent to key growth areas. Our development programs and coaching processes ensure our teams are fully leveraging PIMS and the Pentair Values to achieve high performance. We are confident in the ability of our talent to compete at the highest levels, deliver on commitments, and ‘Win Right.’
At the end of 2013, our President and Chief Operating Officer, Michael Schrock, retired after 15 years of distinguished service. I thank him for his enormous contributions; his partnership will be missed. Our leadership bench is strong, and our business and function leaders are prepared to maximize the opportunities ahead.
WELL POSITIONED FOR GROWTH
The opportunities ahead of us are exciting. Over
the past few years we highlighted the global trends that informed our strategy. The world’s population
is growing, and with it, a global middle class that
will soon surpass four billion people. This shift in demographics puts tremendous stress on the world’s supply of water, food, and energy. All three are interdependent — we need water to grow food and generate energy, and we need energy to move and treat water and process food. All three are needed
to support the living standards the world’s population wants and deserves.
Pentair is well positioned to provide advanced solutions to a changing world. In the coming pages of this annual report we highlight just a few of
the many ways we are innovating to serve our global customers.
“Over the past few years we highlighted the global trends that informed our strategy. The world’s population is growing, and with it, a global middle class that will soon surpass four billion people. This shift in demographics puts tremendous stress on the world’s supply of water, food, and energy.”
To deliver these solutions to our customers, we
are organized as five global business units which lead the growth and productivity efforts around
19 core product technology platforms. These technologies deliver value across five global verticals through which we go to market: Energy, Industrial, Residential & Commercial, Infrastructure and Food & Beverage. We are deploying our talent and resources to the best opportunities in each of these five verticals to drive differentiated growth.
 TRACKING LEAN METRICS AT PENTAIR’S BREDA FACILITY IN THE NETHERLANDS.
6 Pentair Annual Report 2013

We continue to invest in opportunities in our fast growth regions — which now account for about 25 percent of our revenue. These fast growth regions continue to be an important part of our current
and future strategy, as that is where the middle classes are growing and the opportunities are most promising long term.
While the three percent organic sales growth
we produced in 2013 was a good start in our first full year after the Flow Control merger, we are committed to targeting higher sustained growth rates. By utilizing PIMS and continuing to invest in exciting new technologies and markets, we expect to deliver even higher levels of organic growth.
DRIVING HIGH PERFORMANCE AS ONE PENTAIR
While PIMS is our standard work process that delivers sustained excellence, our values are the heartbeat that drives our company to ‘Win Right.’ Our purpose — improving the quality of life of people around the world — allows each and every employee to make a difference when they come to work
each day. Over the past 12 months we invested substantial time and energy to align and engage
our 30,000 employees to come together as One Pentair. This approach to driving high performance makes us confident about our vision of becoming the next great industrial company — the destination company for customers, shareholders and talent.
“Our values are the heartbeat that drive our company to
‘Win Right’ and PIMS is the standard work that delivers sustained excellence.”
As we enter 2014 one thing is clear: while the world will remain as unpredictable as ever, we remain confident that our strategies, processes, and people are aligned to maintain momentum and deliver results. As a global company, we are in the right markets, we have a proven set of tools with the Pentair Integrated Management System, and we are well positioned and aligned to deliver solutions tied to the trends impacting our customers.
This creates a strong position for us as we move forward, and tremendous opportunity to create sustaining shareholder value.
Thanks for all your support,
Randall J. Hogan
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
 7 Pentair Annual Report 2013
