DEAR FELLOW
SHAREHOLDER
2012 was a tremendous year for Pentair. By seizing the unique opportunity to merge with Tyco’s Flow Control business (“Flow Control”), we transformed our already strong portfolio, creating a more global and more balanced industrial leader.
This is consistent with our strategy of
moving our portfolio toward businesses with better growth characteristics and operating in a way that allows us to better control our destiny. We are off-and-running as a newly combined company — aggressively pursuing exciting growth opportunities and moving quickly to deliver high performance.
 Randall J. Hogan
Chairman &
Chief Executive Officer
4 Pentair Annual Report 2012

 2012 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS: DELIVERED ON FINANCIAL COMMITMENTS
• Delivered record sales of $4.4 billion, with revenue growth of 28%.
• Adjusted operating income grew over 20% to nearly $500 million1, a record level for Pentair.
• Generated adjusted free cash flow of
$318 million,4 once again representing greater than 100 percent net income conversion.
• Returned approximately $450 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. If approved by the shareholders, the proposed 2013 dividend will mark the 37th consecutive year in which Pentair has increased its dividend.
1 2012 adjusted operating income excludes an inventory step-up and customer backlog charge of approximately $180 million, a pension “mark to market” charge of approximately $142 million, deal-related costs of approximately $83 million, restructuring costs of approximately $67 million, and trade name impairment charge of approximately $61 million.
2 Diluted EPS from continuing operations has been restated due to change in accounting for pension and other post-retirement benefits.
3 2012 adjusted EPS exclude deal-related costs of $1.41, pension “mark to market” charge of $0.75, a bond redemption charge of $0.40, a restructuring charge of $0.35, and a trade name impairment charge of $0.32; 2011 adjusted EPS exclude a goodwill impairment charge of $1.82, a pension “mark to market” charge of $0.42, deal-related costs of $0.15, and a restructuring charge of $0.10; 2010 adjusted EPS excludes a pension “mark to market” charge of $0.13.
4 2012 adjusted free cash flow excludes accelerated pension funding of $193 million, deal-related payments of $126 million, and repositioning payments of $20 million.
4,416 3,457
3,031
’10 ’11 ’12
    NET SALES ($ IN MILLIONS)
2.413
’10 ’11
DILUTED EPS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS ($)
reported adjusted
318.04
  2.003
2.393
       5 Pentair Annual Report 2012
1.872
248.2 211.2
(0.082)
(0.84)
’12
    ’10 ’11 ’12
FREE CASH FLOW ($ IN MILLIONS)
0.88
’10 ’11 ’12
ANNUAL DIVIDEND ($ PER SHARE)
0.76 0.80
    
 TRANSFORMATION
During the integration process, we reflected on our company’s compelling history of change and how we have created shareholder value. Throughout our first 35 years, the company moved in and out of several industries, continually improving our businesses to deliver value to customers, employees, and our investors. Over the past 10 years, we have focused on becoming a true operating company. By implementing performance discipline with our Lean Enterprise, Talent Management, and Growth processes, we were able to expand globally into attractive new markets, improve our operating results, and deliver strong financial performance. These disciplines are the pillars of the Pentair Integrated Management System, or PIMS. The proven operating disciplines of PIMS allowed for our leadership and the boards of Tyco and Pentair to have confidence in our ability to maximize on the opportunities afforded by the merger.
To ensure we were in position to pursue our strategy, we first had to make certain we would have a successful “day one” integration. Our dedicated integration team — along with the support of our entire organization — delivered! We maintained our high customer service focus and ensured minimal disruption to our base business. We delivered on our commitments and completed the Flow Control merger on September 28, 2012.
WELL POSITIONED FOR GROWTH
With well over $7 billion in sales (pro forma for the Flow Control merger) and 30,000 energized employees, we enter 2013 with a clear vision and strategy to drive growth and strong profitability. After all, integrating seamlessly was rewarding, but it was just “job one.”
Over the past few years we have outlined our investments in technology and geographic expansion to position our company for key global mega trends.
Our strategy remains consistent and focused. The merger with Flow Control compliments and bolsters our ability to pursue the opportunities in these trends more efficiently. Today, as a leader in Water & Fluid Solutions, Valves & Controls, and Technical Solutions, we are uniquely positioned to address the growing demands for food, water, energy, and infrastructure growth. These mega trends are undeniable and our global reach allows us to pursue a range of opportunities.
 THE PROVEN OPERATING DISCIPLINES OF PIMS ALLOWED FOR OUR LEADERSHIP AND
THE BOARDS OF TYCO AND PENTAIR TO HAVE CONFIDENCE IN OUR ABILITY TO MAXIMIZE ON THE OPPORTUNITIES AFFORDED BY THE MERGER.
6 Pentair Annual Report 2012

  To effectively position us for these long-term mega trends while also addressing opportunities that arise every day, we are aligning our solutions to focus on five key verticals: Energy, Industrial, Residential & Commercial, Infrastructure, and Food & Beverage. We have strong positions across multiple channels and within each vertical, and our business segments are leveraging our global operations to position us for stronger future growth. With nearly 25 percent of our sales now in Fast Growth Regions (China, India, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Middle East, and Southeast Asia), we have the resources, scale, and breadth of offerings to address local customer needs and global market demands. We also have gained a global footprint with more than 90 service centers that will allow us to accelerate our aftermarket capabilities and expand our presence in attractive new growth markets.
With our business portfolio and focus on key verticals, our sights are set on fully maximizing the potential of the new organization to deliver both sales growth and strong productivity. We remain committed to delivering strong sales,
earnings, and cash flow, and the merger has allowed us to identify
more than $230 million in growth and cost synergies. To ensure we deliver these anticipated synergies by 2015, we will rely on our core operating discipline — driving PIMS.
PIMS AND STANDARDIZATION
The Pentair Integrated Management System has been the foundation of how we impact results in Pentair for years. It is our common language and our common methodology to drive results.
PIMS was originally built on the foundation of Lean Enterprise. Our
capabilities in this discipline continue to grow. This was validated
by the 2012 award of the prestigious Shingo Silver Medallion to a Pentair manufacturing facility in Reynosa, Mexico, one of our largest facilities. Each
of our now over 100 facilities around the world is aggressively deploying our Lean Enterprise “playbook” to deliver consistency and success. Our team of professionals, internally known as “Lean Rangers,” are highly expert in our approach to Lean Enterprise and are deployed into key operations, new and old, to embed these practices as well as conduct training to take Lean Enterprise to a new level within Pentair.
 THE PENTAIR INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT SYSTEM HAS BEEN THE FOUNDATION OF HOW
WE IMPACT RESULTS IN PENTAIR FOR YEARS.
IT IS OUR COMMON LANGUAGE AND OUR COMMON METHODOLOGY TO DRIVE RESULTS.
7 Pentair Annual Report 2012

Through Lean Enterprise, we have created a common language around standard work. This is evident when visiting any of our facilities around the globe. We are aggressively extending this approach to address complexity and waste across a range of functions and business processes. We call
this “standardization” — but ultimately it is implementing standard work in administrative functions and systems. Our customers do not benefit from internal complexity that causes waste of company resources, so we must eliminate it! This will greatly improve how customers do business with us and allow us to deliver bottom line savings. It will also enable future integrations to be quicker and less costly.
While we advance our capabilities around Lean Enterprise and standardization across our functions and processes, we continue
to establish common methodologies for growth. Several years ago, we introduced these methodologies to build growth into a game of skill versus a game of chance. The Rapid Growth Process (RGP) and our 3D Process for Innovation are based on common languages, standard work, and enable us to quickly advance our strategies and execute against our priorities.
RGP is centered on market experimentation (to test and learn how to win in new verticals, channels, and geographies, or with new business models) and on rapidly scaling proven initiatives. In the past two years, we have conducted over 100 Alpha Tests that allow us to point with confidence towards $400 million in future growth opportunities. Our 3D Process for Innovation builds on our market insights and is aimed at rapidly developing and launching innovative products that win in their respective markets. With more than
$1 billion in new product development opportunities in the 3D funnel, we are moving quickly toward more innovation as a company.
RGP and 3D have already been introduced across our entire enterprise.
With over 1,500 leaders trained, we are building scale and have a number of exciting projects in progress. The merger has created numerous cross-selling and joint-selling opportunities and we are using our growth processes to ensure we deliver over $135 million in anticipated growth synergies by 2015.
Process and tools are only as good as the people driving them. Across our company, we utilize PIMS to ensure we have a common and repeatable process to attract, develop, reward, and promote our people. This talent management process is critical to reach, mobilize, and strengthen our talent across a global organization where 60 percent of our employees are outside the United States. We have made significant investments in our “people management” systems and processes, which have yielded world class expertise, a stronger talent bench, and a common set of values and standards.
 WHILE WE ADVANCE OUR CAPABILITIES AROUND LEAN ENTERPRISE AND STANDARDIZATION ACROSS OUR FUNCTIONS AND PROCESSES,
WE CONTINUE TO ESTABLISH COMMON METHODOLOGIES FOR GROWTH.
8 Pentair Annual Report 2012

A BRIGHT FUTURE
We are proud of our unique history and our accomplishments in 2012.
More importantly, we are excited about the future and our position to deliver significant value to our customers and shareholders.
While the global economy continues to be a challenging landscape, we are seeing improving trends in energy and North American residential. Fast Growth Regions are growing and we are even more excited about areas, such as the Middle East, where our presence has grown as a result of bringing these two organizations together. We remain focused on productivity and will continue to prioritize our investments to deliver growth.
As we enter 2013, our focus and goals are clear. We are utilizing PIMS and standardization to deliver on our financial commitments, which are highlighted by driving $90 million in anticipated synergies in 2013 and $230 million in anticipated synergies by 2015. Our expectation continues to be that we will meet or exceed our goal of achieving $5.00 in EPS in 2015.
Our balance sheet and cash flow remain strong and we will continue to invest in our future while also returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. The Pentair portfolio is well positioned to create strong, sustaining shareholder value. We know that we must deliver both now, and tomorrow, and that it is time to lead and not just manage. We will stay true to our values and principles, and we are going to win and Win Right.
Randall J. Hogan
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
 9 Pentair Annual Report 2012
