 Randall J. Hogan
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Dear fellow shareholders
2011 was a good year for Pentair. I’m pleased with
our strong operating performance, with record sales, margin improvement and good cash flow yield. Amid market uncertainties and challenges, we sustained a clear growth agenda through disciplined investments, focused resource allocation and prioritized initiatives. We continued to make good progress on strategic priorities—setting the stage for future success and sustainable growth.
Seeing the Big Picture
The increasing wealth of populations in fast growing markets is putting incredible pressure and demands on food, water, energy and industrial infrastructure today. These global mega trends present opportunities for Pentair. We continue to evolve into a more
global, technology-driven company to better serve these growing needs, and to create long-term shareholder value.
A year ago, I reported to you on the progress we’ve made in expanding our presence in key growth markets, strengthening our innovation capabilities and driving operational excellence.
In 2011, we continued to make great strides on these strategic imperatives and it was evident in our results.
2011 Financial Highlights
• We delivered record revenues of $3.5 billion, with revenue growth of 14 percent.
• We generated free cash flow of $248 million, representing another year of greater than 100 percent net income conversion.
The growing population and wealth of the developing economies create a tremendous opportunity for Pentair.
• We returned approximately $80 million to shareholders through dividends and raised our quarterly dividend for the 36th consecutive year for 2012, up 10 percent.
• Adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations (EPS) increased 21 percent to $2.41, while reported EPS was $0.34 after a non-cash goodwill impairment charge and restructuring and acquisition related costs totaling $2.07 per share.
Sustained Growth
The investments we have made are paying off, and we continue to strengthen Pentair at the core every day.
We are increasingly global. Fast growth regions now total approximately 18 percent of our annual sales, roughly double that of five years ago. We’ve invested over $60 million over the past three years with localized manufacturing, engineering and Lean Enterprise capabilities supporting our in-region, for-region strategy. In 2011, we doubled our product launches in fast growth regions from two years ago and have more than 30 percent of our engineering resources now located in these regions. China,
Latin America, the Middle East and India all provide tremendous growth opportunities for Pentair.
In 2011, we meaningfully advanced our global water and fluid process capabilities through acquisitions, most notably, Clean Process Technologies (CPT). With over 90 percent of revenues outside of the U.S., CPT provides advanced separation technologies, systems and application know-how, deepening our global water filtration platform and expanding our position in the attractive food and beverage markets.
We continue to invest more in research and development (R&D) initiatives to ensure that we deliver to customers what they need around efficiency,
reliability and performance. 2011 marked another year of robust product launches, from broadening our Eco-Select pool offerings to entering waste-to-energy with the anaerobic membrane bioreactor.
We continue to grow beyond current markets by identifying new, adjacent opportunities. In Technical Products, for example, our global thermal platform was up 40 percent outside the U.S. in 2011 as we designed, developed and manufactured new products in China, for China. In Water & Fluid Solutions, we extended our separation technology know-how beyond oil refineries to natural gas production and transport and continue to find new ways to grow.
Realigning for Growth
In a step towards advancing our global growth strategies and execution, we introduced our new Water & Fluid Solutions alignment that focuses on three key platforms: Flow, Treatment and Process, and Aquatic. Within this framework, we will prioritize technology platforms, leverage scale and implement cross-business, fast growth region strategies. This will help ensure that we are working as one Pentair on opportunities in key growth markets.
The Right Way
We believe the Pentair Integrated Management System (PIMS) is the right way to create value for customers, grow our business and improve performance. From Lean Enterprise to the Rapid Growth Process — we
are continuously improving everything we do. In 2011, we drove meaningful improvements in product
quality, on-time delivery, and workplace safety.
One year into our Rapid Growth Process, we have trained over 800 global leaders in this new, disciplined growth process and deepened our market-back view of the opportunities. We also have over a decade of
generating strong cash flow, consistently converting greater than 100 percent of net income to free cash flow while investing for future growth — a testament to our lean disciplines.
The foundation of everything we do is our “Win Right” culture. A bold projection of “Win Right” is Project Safewater-Colón. This multi-year initiative, funded by the Pentair Foundation, demonstrated that it’s possible to provide people in developing countries with affordable and sustainable sources of safe drinking water, and we are focused on sharing these protocols to provide safe water to those in need all around the world.
Opportunities Ahead
Excellent execution of our strategic priorities in 2011 provides a solid position for us as we move forward. Our presence in fast growth regions has never
been stronger, and we will continue to leverage the investments in new product development and selling and marketing that we have seeded over the past several years. Amid the continuing challenges of the global economy, we are ramping up productivity initiatives, further prioritizing investments and repositioning the company to best serve the growing, global needs of our customers. As we gain increasing control of our own destiny, our portfolio provides tremendous opportunity to create strong, sustaining shareholder value.
Randall J. Hogan
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
 4 Pentair Annual Report 2011
5 Pentair Annual Report 2011
      2.7
3.5 3.0
2.00
’10
2.41* 248 207 211
’11 ’09 ’10 ’11
Free cash flow
0.76 0.80 0.72
’09 ’10 ’11
Annual dividend
($ per share)
       1.17
 0.34
    ’09 ’10 ’11
Net sales
($ in billions)
1.47*
’09
Diluted EPS
from continuing operations ($) ($ in millions) reported adjusted
  * 2011 adjusted EPS excluded a restructuring charge of $0.10, acquisition related costs of $0.15 and a goodwill impairment charge of $1.82; 2009 adjusted EPS excluded a restructuring and bond redemption charge of $0.16, and an asset impairment charge of $0.14.
 