 DEAR FELLOW
SHAREHOLDER
Pentair celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2016, a milestone that we marked not only with celebrations in more than 120 locations around the world, but also with moments of reflection. The anniversary was a reminder that our people, our processes and our Win Right values have been—and still are—crucial to our growth, serving as the thread that links our past with our future.
Those attributes were tested in 2016, however we did make progress on several fronts during the year. I’m particularly proud of the strong integration effort on ERICO— a large, strategic acquisition in 2015 that’s a great fit for Pentair—as well as our improved cash flow performance, which exceeded our target.
19,000 EMPLOYEES
IN 40 COUNTRIES ON SIX CONTINENTS everyone at Pentair to keep the value of “Accountability for
But we also faced multiple external challenges. We had continued weakness in the energy and industrial sectors, as well as challenges from an uncertain global economic environment. As a result, we underperformed in 2016.
While all companies face peaks and valleys in performance, we know that we can do better. We spent considerable time in 2016 putting changes in place we believe will help return Pentair to the consistent performer that our shareholders have come to expect.
We made good progress on aligning our cost structure with the reality of a slower growth world, as well as repositioning the company with an agreement to divest Valves & Controls. We expect the $3.15 billion divestiture to significantly strengthen our balance sheet, opening up new opportunities for growth.
ALIGNING FOR HIGH PERFORMANCE
Our repositioning centered on combining our two water businesses into one Water segment. Our Technical Solutions business is being named the more appropriate Electrical segment.
This isn’t about shuffling chairs. It’s about streamlining the organization, making it simpler, leaner and better aligned for high performance.
We’re focusing on big opportunities. As one of the largest players in the water industry, we have developed a more coherent strategy that we believe will allow us to improve execution, particularly in water quality and availability, and food and beverage processing. Our Electrical segment features attractive niches where we protect critical processes, and keep people and equipment safe. Both segments are strong on profitability, with plenty of opportunity for additional gains.
Within those two segments are our new six Strategic Business Groups, where we create value for our customers and our shareholders by providing winning products and solutions, increasing revenue and driving profitable growth.
As the company rolls out the new organizational structure, it’s also driving the Pentair Integrated Management System (PIMS) deeper into the organization. PIMS has been the cornerstone of how we do business for over 15 years. As we expand these time-tested tools and break-through processes, we expect to improve the consistency of our performance.
OUR WIN RIGHT VALUES
As we work to continually improve, our dedication to our Win Right Values remains steadfast. All six of our values reflect who we are and how we do business. Each of the values is crucial to our success, but this year I am calling on
Performance” front and center. All of us, no matter what position we hold, need to be accountable for results.
OUR PEOPLE
In this time of change, I also want to publicly acknowledge and thank all of our 19,000 employees, many of whom are shareholders, too. These employees bring their best to work each day; they embrace our processes and live our values... people who are working together to build a safer, more sustainable world.
As we look to the beginning of our second half-century, I’m optimistic about the changes we’re making and our ability to deliver for you, our shareholder.
EXECUTIVE OFFICER RANDALL J. HOGAN CHAIRMAN & CHIEF
Thank you for all your support,
PENTAIR 2016 ANNUAL REPORT 03

 PENTAIR IS AT THE HEART OF BUILDING A SAFER, MORE SUSTAINABLE WORLD. WHILE OUR PRODUCTS WORK BEHIND THE SCENES, THEIR IMPACT IS VAST.
SUSTAINABILITY
We maximize the use of the resources people rely on most:
1 We improve water quality and availability by reducing, recovering and reusing water, while requiring less energy
2 We help food and beverage businesses maximize quality, flavor and efficiency, while minimizing cost, waste and water consumption
3 We help industry reduce emissions with technologies that capture waste for reuse
PROTECTION
1 We protect the environment, sensitive equipment, buildings and
critical processes, and help keep people safe
2 We support efficient industrial processes by improving utilization, lowering costs, and minimizing customer downtime
75%
OF THE WORLD’S
                                                                                                                       RAILWAYS
 PROTECTED BY SURGE & GROUNDING
 TECHNOLOGY
PENTAIR 2016 ANNUAL REPORT 04
