 letter to our shareholders
Pentair delivered in 2005 one of the best years in our 40-year history. We are proud of our results and even more excited about the future. Today, with our powerful combination of talented employees, clear strategic initiatives, and Pentair’s Integrated Management System (PIMS), we are better situated than ever to drive high performance.
2005 Results: Win Right We measure winning through performance, and assess right by how we do what we do. For 2005, we decisively met our double-digit earnings-per-share (EPS) growth goal, delivering $1.92 (excluding the impact of the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) 123R), a 42 percent increase over 2004. Thus, we not only met our strategic and financial goals of replacing our
former Tools Group and its earnings, but also added an additional 14 percent of EPS. Simultaneously, we accomplished the key elements of our comprehensive integration plan for the Company’s largest acquisition ever.
Highlights of our 2005 success include:
· Revenues of $2.95 billion, an increase of 29 percent or 6 percent on a pro forma basis assuming we had acquired the
WICOR businesses at the beginning of 2004 and excluding the recent Thermal Management acquisition and effects of foreign currency translation. The 6 percent growth was within our 5-8 percent organic growth goal.
· Earnings quality improvement, with increased operating margins of 60 basis points as compared to 2004 even with higher raw material costs and the investments we have made for growth.
· Free cash flow of $211 million, excluding the impact of the adoption of SFAS 123R, which exceeded our $200 million goal and represented 107 percent conversion of net income, exceeding our goal of 100 percent.
· Return on invested capital of 15.3 percent, our highest level since mid-2000.
· The completion of two acquisitions and an increase in dividends, for the 30th year in a row, with no increase in net debt. At the end of 2005, Pentair’s debt-to-total-capital ratio was 32.6 percent,
110 basis points lower than what it was at the end of 2004.
Pentair’s 2005 performance reflect the commitment to customers and dedication to quality of our 15,000 employees worldwide. I thank them for their efforts and results.
   Pentair is a diversified operating company headquartered in Minnesota. Its Water Group is a global leader in providing innovative products and systems used worldwide in the movement, treatment, storage and enjoyment of water. Pentair’s Technical Products Group is a leader in global enclosures and thermal management markets, designing and manufacturing thermal management products and standard, modified, and custom enclosures that house and protect sensitive electronics and electrical components. With 2005 revenues of $2.95 billion, Pentair employs approximately 15,000 people worldwide.
1

  2
letter to our shareholders [ C O N T I N U E D ]
We win right by adhering to Pentair’s values. Last year, Pentair employees demonstrated their allegiance to our values by responding to the needs of our customers with commitment (as evidenced by our sales growth), and their communities with compassion. In the course of the year, employees donated more than $230,000 to tsunami relief efforts in Asia and hurricane relief efforts in the United States. Pentair and The Pentair Foundation matched these gifts; equally important, Pentair businesses donated products and technical expertise to assist relief agencies providing safe, clean water for the disasters’ victims. It was for extraordinary efforts such as these, as well as our daily commitment to our customers and communities, that Pentair was honored with Minnesota’s 2005 Business Ethics Award. This annual recognition is given to companies which exemplify and promote ethical conduct for the benefit of the workplace, the marketplace, the environment, and the community.
Pentair’s 2005 results are the culmination of our transformation to a water-led company with a leadership position in two attractive business segments. Just five years ago, we faced two critical questions: where will we compete, and how will we compete? To address the strategic question of where we compete, we considered whether our businesses had attractive growth prospects, and whether we could control our destiny in them. Our answers to these fundamental questions led us to the strategic repositioning of our business portfolio. Today, we have two attractive businesses — Water and Technical Products — where we can control our destiny.
Focus: 2006 Strategic Initiatives While we are proud of our 2005 accomplishments, we are not resting on our laurels. Now, our task is to achieve the attractive growth prospects in our businesses and drive higher profitability. We will do so by focusing on three strategic initiatives:
· Excellence in operations. Pentair must be a truly excellent operating company, as measured against the best performing companies in the world.
· International success. Pentair must be as successful in other geographic markets as we have been in North America.
· Growth. We must achieve sustainable growth at a consistent level above market growth rates.
Our ability to execute against these strategic initiatives will determine our future success; our action plans for each are elaborated upon in the pages that follow.

 Sustainable Success: Pentair’s Integrated Management System How we compete, the second critical question we faced only five years ago, demanded that we operate more effectively. To meet this challenge, we began by implementing Pentair’s first cash flow initiative, then added supply management and lean manufacturing disciplines to our approach.
Today, these efforts have evolved into PIMS to drive high performance. The first element of PIMS is Strategy Deployment. This system aligns our actions at the operating level with our business strategies to more effectively realize our targets. It also enables common processes and metrics throughout the Company. The second element of PIMS is Lean Enterprise, which we believe is the most powerful operating philosophy in existence today. Lean eliminates waste and variability from every aspect of our business, and has become the real cultural lever for us to achieve excellence in operations. The third element of PIMS is IGNITE, our process to drive growth at a pace faster than the market. It focuses on getting customer insights and expanding what we do and where we do it, beyond the tried and true. PIMS is the center of Pentair’s sustainable success: it drives high performance; high performance helps us attract top
talent, and that top talent will continue to employ PIMS to drive even higher performance.
Talent: Ahead of Results Talent must come before results. That’s why we are committed to attracting, developing, and retaining top talent. In 2005, we strengthened our talent base and our global infrastructure. Now, more than ever, Pentair is focused on talent management programming to provide employees new challenges and opportunities worldwide.
Appreciation In 2006, we will mark Pentair’s 40th anniversary. For the past five years, you have entrusted me to lead your Company. Each day, I have been energized and motivated by our 15,000 employees, and I would like to thank them. Our strong heritage of employees dedicated to winning right is the foundation of our success, and it endures. I am confident that the powerful combination of our talented employees, our strong portfolio of businesses, and PIMS will result in a future even more successful than that which we’ve already achieved.
Sincerely,
Randall J. Hogan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  3
