letter to our shareholders
After four years of solid earnings growth, Pentair’s 2006 performance resulted in flat earnings. Breakthrough performance in the Technical Products Group in sales, operating income, return on sales and acquisition integration was negated by setbacks in the
Water Group. There, strong global growth and improvements in pump did not overcome investments for growth, inefficiencies,
and softness in the North American residential market — our largest
We took action to manage the impact of this challenging market, including specific steps manage costs. Importantly, we also strengthened our core technical competencies in flow and filtration, expanded our thermal management capabilities to more effectively serve our Technical Products markets, and streamlined our leadership structure in 2006. These actions were designed to help address short-term economic conditions affecting our businesses while simultaneously improving our long-term prospects. For these reasons, we are confident in our roadmap to drive
Pentair’s performance higher in 2007 and beyond.
served market.
to
1 \ pnr

2 \ pnr
letter to our shareholders continued
2006 Results
In 2006, Pentair delivered earnings per share of $1.81. Details of the Company’s 2006 performance include:
· Revenues increased 7 percent compared to the year earlier, reaching $3.15 billion. Growth in North America was modest,
due to the weakness in the residential water equipment market. Growth in Europe, the Middle East and Africa was solid as overall economic conditions
were strong and growth investments paid off.
an increase of 23 percent year-over-year.
the operating performance of the Water Group.
· Free cash flow for the year was $181 million, which represented 99 percent conversion of net income, just shy
of the Company’s goal of 100 percent.
· Six acquisitions were signed in 2006. Approximately 85 percent
of the acquired revenue is based outside of North America, reflecting the Company’s growth strategy.
· Dividends increased for the 30th year in a row with no increase in net debt during 2006. At the end of 2006, Pentair’s debt-to-total-capital ratio was
30.8 percent, 180 basis points lower than what it was at the end of 2005.
Growth in Asia was strong, and reflected our investments in this attractive region. Technical Products 2006 revenues surpassed the $1 billion threshold,
· Operating margins decreased year-over-year. Strong operating performance in Technical Products led to the 17th consecutive quarter of year- over-year operating margin improvement for the Group, though these results were offset by

Leading Positions
in Attractive Markets
Water
Pentair continues to deliver innovative
solutions to address water quality and
scarcity demands. Today, approximately 300
million people live in areas of severe water
shortages; by some estimates, that number is
expected to increase to 3 billion over the next two
decades. Beyond meeting basic human needs for
health and sanitation, water contributes to sustainable
development: it is required for agricultural development
and many industrial purposes, it is an untapped source of
power in some regions of the world, and it is increasingly
critical to the safety of communities when natural disasters
strike. A leader in flow and filtration, Pentair expanded the solutions available to address water needs in 2006. In markets outside of North America, we improved our ability to provide regional solutions to regional needs through acquisitions in China and Germany.
Technical Products
Pentair continues to serve a broad range of industries — from general manufacturing, medical and security to telecommunications — with a broad product range of products including enclosures, racks, heat exchangers and air
Pentair is a diversified operating company head- quartered in Minnesota. Its Water Group is a global leader in providing innovative products and systems used worldwide in the movement, storage, treatment and enjoyment of water. Pentair’s Technical Products Group is a leader in the global enclosures and thermal management markets, designing and manufacturing standard, modified and custom enclo- sures, and thermal management products and accessories that house and protect sensitive electronics and electrical components. With 2006 revenues of $3.15 billion, Pentair employs approximately 14,800 employees worldwide.
3 \ pnr

4 \ pnr
letter to our shareholders continued
conditioners that protect and house electronic and electrical equipment. For example, Pentair cabinets house medical equipment controls, and industrial controls in auto factories, food production facilities, and even border security installations. In 2006, the Group fully integrated its thermal management acquisition. Through the effective deployment of Pentair’s Integrated Management System, these new businesses exceeded
productivity and sales goals in their first full year.
Maintaining our Strategic Direction
Though Pentair faced significant challenges last year, we have reaffirmed that our strategic initiatives — operations excellence, global expansion and differentiated growth — are correct. Pentair’s 2006 performance reflects market weakness and execution shortfalls, which we have already begun to remedy. To do this, we streamlined our leadership organization, appointing Michael V. Schrock as Chief Operating Officer of the Water and Technical Products Groups. We reduced costs to better position Pentair for the difficult markets we are facing. We increased our investment in technology; most notably, we hired a new leader in Water technology to drive global product development and innovation. We also staffed seven global initiatives to drive growth. With me, Pentair’s leadership team has reaffirmed our

John L. Stauch joined Pentair as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) in February 2007. He brings a breadth of experience in finance and investor relations, a proven understanding of operations, and strong leadership in complex global business environments to the Company. Prior to Pentair, Mr. Stauch held wide ranging finance leadership roles including investor relations, financial planning and analysis, and division Company’s founding. Since 1966, Pentair has CFO positions across a number of global industries in ten years at Honeywell International and its
strategic initiatives and committed to each one. Together, we are focused on improving performance to deliver the quality our customers expect and the value our shareholders deserve.
Winning Right for Forty Years
consisted of varied businesses in varied industries —
paper, lubrication, ammunition, and power tools, to
name a few. Today, Pentair is focused on Water and
Technical Products, two arenas in which we control our
destiny. Throughout our history, one thing has remained constant: a strong commitment to Pentair’s values. Integrity
and high performance — or Win Right — remains at the core of
all that we do. We believe this cultural focus is an enormous advantage for Pentair. Of course, it is only through the dedication of every Pentair employee that we earn our reputation for Winning Right, and I thank all Pentair employees for their efforts.
Clear Roadmap for 2007
We face some uncertain market segments in 2007, particularly in the North American residential and telecommunication markets. Our task, then, is to more effectively drive growth and higher performance to yield strong long-term shareholder value. By rigorously applying Pentair’s Integrated
In 2006, Pentair marked the 40th anniversary of the
predecessor, Allied Signal.
John L. Stauch
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 5 \ pnr

letter to our shareholders continued
Management System, we expect to make real operating performance progress and to deliver on the promise of our Water business with a step up in operating margins while sustaining the excellent performance of Technical Products; to drive growth in all businesses through an intensified, global approach to vertical markets; and to accelerate the
leverage of our increasingly global businesses.
We remain optimistic about Pentair’s prospects. Energized by the challenges we face, Pentair employees demonstrate their commitment to our customers and our shareholders daily. Their purposeful enthusiasm inspires me and my confidence in our continued ability to Win Right. I’d like to acknowledge and express appreciation for the continued commitment of Pentair’s employees, customers
and shareholders. Thank you. Sincerely,
Randall J. Hogan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  6 \ pnr
