                 2 PNW_ AR13
FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
Your company in 2013 delivered another year of excellent customer satisfaction, strong operating results and sound financial management, while successfully navigating a period of regulatory uncertainty.
Our principal subsidiary, Arizona Public
Service (APS), continues to be among the best- performing utilities in the nation. We rank in the top 10 percent of investor-owned utilities for customer satisfaction. Our electric reliability ranksinthetop25percentnationally,despite record-setting heat and an active monsoon season in 2013. Our 1.2 million APS customers experienced an average of 0.78 outages in 2013, which stands as the second-best performance
in company history.
APS-owned power plants provide our customers with 6,394 megawatts of generation that is
high performing and diverse. Of particular note, Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station notched a year of significant achievements in 2013, including a simultaneous continuous run of
160 days for all three of the plant’s units. Our fleet of natural gas-fired generating plants provided outstanding start-up reliability.
We continued to grow our portfolio of solar generation, helping Arizona lead the nation in solar power per capita.
No improvement trend has been more dramatic, or more important to me, than our safety performance. The 177 employee injuries we recorded in 2007 marked the turning point. Since then, our emphasis on safety has steadily reduced the number of accidents each year.
In 2013, we recorded 35 injuries – still too many, but good enough to place us in the safest
10 percent of utilities nationally.
DELIVERING SUPERIOR SHAREHOLDER VALUE
Pinnacle West recorded net income of $406 million, or $3.66 per share in 2013, compared with net income of $382 million, or $3.45 per share,
in 2012. Ongoing earnings were $3.66 per share, up 4.6 percent from last year.
After attaining several all-time highs earlier
in the year, our share price ended 2013 up
3.8 percent. Total shareholder return – a combi- nation of stock price appreciation and dividends – was 8.0 percent, slightly trailing the 9.6 percent return of the S&P 1500 Electric Utility Index. The overall stock market, as measured by the S&P 500 Index, had a strong recovery in 2013 with a total return of 32.3 percent.
  
                     DONALD E. BRANDT
chairman, president and chief executive officer
   
                    APS ranked among the top performing utilities in customer satisfaction, service reliability and employee safety.
Pinnacle West was recognized as a sustainable leader for the third consecutive year by both Corporate Responsibility Magazine and Target Rock Advisors.
APS was named one
of America’s Top 100 Military-Friendly Employers by G.I. Jobs magazine.
2013 highlights
a future in focus
       
                 OUR PERFORMANCE OVER THE LAST FIVE YEARS CONTINUES TO OUTPACE OUR INDUSTRY AND THE BROADER MARKET. WE HAVE INCREASED TOTAL SHAREHOLDER VALUE BY $3.7 BILLION OVER THAT TIME PERIOD.
Our performance over the last five years contin- ues to outpace our industry and the broader market. We have increased total shareholder value by $3.7 billion over that time period.
As a result of our successful 2009 rate settlement, we have been able to raise our earned return
on equity, delivering 9.9 percent in both 2012
and 2013. During the four-year base rate freeze established in our similarly constructive 2012 rate case settlement, our goal is to earn a return ofatleast9.5percentannually.
Our Board of Directors increased the annual dividend in 2013 to $2.27 per share. This was the second year in a row the dividend was increased, each time by 4 percent. Our goal is to continue increasing the dividend at a similar rate going forward.
For the third time in as many years, the three major credit agencies upgraded our corporate and unsecured debt ratings to A- or the equivalent. These are the strongest credit ratings we have had in 30 years.
Our Sustainable Cost Management Initiative continued to deliver value in 2013. We now operate with a more robust set of tiered metrics and performance targets, a rigorous business planning process and an embedded process improvement model. These initiatives, along with management attention, have helped keep our operations and maintenance costs in line with retail sales growth over the last several years.
A FUTURE IN FOCUS
Our strategy to deliver long-term shareholder value remains on course and our prospects for growth are bright.
Our value proposition begins with the communi- ties we serve. Arizona offers stunning landscapes, sunny skies, low costs and myriad recreational and cultural attractions. These are enduring assets that should continue to attract new residents and businesses, driving our state’s long-term growth.
5
  
                 6 PNW_ AR13
Between 1970 and 2001, Arizona’s economy joined the U.S. economy in recession five times. Each time, Arizona’s economy rebounded at rates two to three times faster than the national average. Although the recovery cycle is taking longer this time, we expect this growth pattern to repeat.
Today, prices on existing home sales are
17 percent higher than a year ago and up
45 percent from the bottom of the market in mid-2011. Rising prices are providing more support to new housing construction; permits for new housing increased 12 percent over 2012. This activity, plus business investment in the region, has led to an 8 percent gain in construction jobs in the last year. True to form, Arizona’s population is growing at double the national average rate.
Our job at APS is to power our state’s bright future with safe, reliable and affordable electricity. Our management team remains focused on performing that core business well. Our plan includes:
· Continued investments in the neighborhood- level power grid to ensure reliability in communities across Arizona.
· Targeted investments in smart-grid technologies that enhance customer satisfaction, improve power quality and enable the continued growth of distributed generation and other advances.
· New state-of-the-art generation, such as our planned modernization of Ocotillo Power Plant in Tempe, to provide reliable, affordable power that serves our customers day or night, rain or shine.
· Additional environmental controls for
Four Corners Power Plant and certain other generating plants, to comply with increasingly strict emissions requirements.
· A 10-year plan for the construction of
275 miles of new high-voltage transmission lines to support reliability and deliver energy from renewable energy projects
to population centers.
· The continuation of our AZ Sun program of large-scale solar generation, providing more solar to more customers at a lower cost.
RECORD-BREAKING SOLAR YEAR
APS in 2013 added more than 400 megawatts (MW) of solar capacity, a company record, bringing its system total to 755 MW. That came from large-scale APS-owned plants (two new AZ Sun plants came on line), purchase agreements (including the 250-MW Solana Generating Station, which uses thermal energy storage to produce electricity at night) and distributed generation (more than 300 schools now participate in APS renewable energy programs, totaling more than 100 MW of solar).
 
                     WE NOW OPERATE WITH A MORE ROBUST SET OF TIERED METRICS AND PERFORMANCE TARGETS, A RIGOROUS BUSINESS PLANNING PROCESS AND AN EMBEDDED PROCESS IMPROVEMENT MODEL.
  
                    All 25 members —
100 percent — of the 2013 Licensed Operator Initial Training class passed their exam, compared with a 2013 industry pass rate of 88.5 percent.
Employees at Palo Verde completed a refueling outage at Unit 1 in less than 30 days — the shortest
in plant history.
All three Palo Verde units ran continuously for 160 days without an interruption, the second-longest simultaneous run in plant history.
PALO VERDE
employee efforts have resulted in a number of notable achievements
                                                         
                 In total, we plan to invest $3.3 billion in Arizona’s electricity infrastructure through 2016. Looking even further ahead, we currently expect to grow our rate base from $7.2 billion in 2013
to $9.9 billion in 2018, for compound annual growth of approximately 7 percent.
CONSTRUCTIVE REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT
Two controversial regulatory issues in 2013 were resolved in ways that support sound long-range energy policy.
The Arizona Corporation Commission initiated a proceeding to reconsider electricity dereg- ulation, which Arizona adopted in 1999 but then abandoned in 2004 after the state’s Supreme Court ruled that key provisions of the plan were unconstitutional.
With ample evidence from other states, we and other stakeholders demonstrated that such an experiment would be expensive, risky and
Reactor operators in Palo Verde’s Nuclear Power Plant Control Room monitor instrumentation to ensure nuclear safety.
unnecessary for customers who already enjoy reliable and affordable electricity. The ACC ultimately decided not to move forward with deregulation, citing the same constitutional hurdles identified in 2004.
The other major regulatory issue of 2013 was
the ACC’s consideration of net metering, an issue previously so obscure that only an experienced ratemaking analyst would have recognized
the term. Put simply, net metering policies determine how customers who supply part of their energy from rooftop solar systems pay for their continued use of the power grid, and how they are credited for the energy they generate.
9
   
                 10 PNW_ AR13
WE HAVE A SOLID FOUNDATION OF RELIABLE OPERATIONS, GOOD CUSTOMER SERVICE AND DEEP COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENT. WE HAVE A FORWARD-LOOKING STRATEGY FOR RENEWABLE ENERGY, SMART-GRID TECHNOLOGY AND THE OTHER INNOVATIONS THAT WILL DEFINE OUR FUTURE. AND WE HAVE GREAT PEOPLE.
APS has been a leader in the development of solar generation for more than 50 years. Our three-pronged approach includes developing large-scale solar generating facilities, signing power purchase agreements with independent renewable power producers, and enabling our customers to install solar.
Our purpose in bringing the net metering issue to the attention of the ACC was to ensure that Arizona has the right policies in place to enable the rooftop solar market to grow, supported by a reliable power grid.
Setting an important national precedent, the ACC determined that Arizona’s net metering policy was causing non-solar customers to pay higher rates to cover the costs of maintaining the electricity grid. In a 3-2 vote, the ACC took a first step toward reform by instituting a monthly $0.70 per kilowatt charge on new rooftop solar customers. The two dissenting Commissioners argued for a larger initial charge.
The decision has no impact on APS revenues
but does move Arizona in the direction of a more sustainable policy to support the continued growth of solar energy and distributed generation.
The debates over deregulation and net metering stimulated conversations about potential new technologies and new options for customers. We look forward to working with the ACC to plan thoughtfully for Arizona’s energy future.
Although these issues certainly captured the headlines, they do not define Arizona’s regulatory climate, which continues to be constructive. With the ACC’s approval of several cost recovery mechanisms in 2012, our state now has a set
of tools that allow APS to receive more timely recovery of our investments and provide
APS customers with more predictability in their utility bills.

                     TRUE TO FORM, ARIZONA’S POPULATION IS GROWING AT DOUBLE THE NATIONAL AVERAGE RATE.
  
                    Our objective is to achieve an earned return on equity of at least 9.5 percent annually during our base rate freeze.
Our goal is to continue to increase the dividend by 4 percent annually going forward.
We currently expect to grow our rate base from $7.2 billion in 2013 to $9.9 billion in 2018, for compound annual growth of approximately 7 percent.
FINANCIAL outlook
a future in focus
       
                  OUR PEOPLE
The next several years will be interesting and important for our industry. Technology advances in the areas of distributed generation, battery storage, electric transportation and smart devices, to name a few, will increasingly allow our customers to power their lives in new ways. What will not change is the responsibility of the local electric utility to enable those options for customers, and integrate those innovations into a safe, reliable and affordable electricity system that provides good service to customers.
I believe APS and utilities like us are positioned well to succeed in that environment. We have
a solid foundation of reliable operations,
good customer service and deep community involvement. We have a forward-looking strategy for renewable energy, smart-grid technology
and the other innovations that will define our future. And we have great people. Our senior management team is skilled and experienced. Our bench of talented young executives is
getting stronger and deeper through job rotations and other developmental assignments. Our employees make it all work, performing with excellence year after year. I could not be prouder of our team.
We added two members to that team in 2014 when we welcomed David Wagener and Richard Fox to our outstanding Board of Directors. They will bring tremendous insight and experience, especially in the areas of finance, accounting and utility regulation. In closing, I would like to once again thank our directors for their guidance throughout the year. Their engagement with our leadership team makes us a stronger company.
Sincerely,
DONALD E. BRANDT
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
13
  