Dear Fellow Shareholders:
Our company experienced extraordinary change in 2009 and made important progress toward building
a financially secure and sound future. The improving prospects for Pinnacle West and APS in the years ahead should excite and inspire all of us. We will continue to drive the company forward by successfully implementing well-considered strategies based on our core strengths and corporate mission.
IMPROVING FINANCIAL OUTLOOk
At the top of the list of our 2009 accomplishments sits the total return earned for our shareholders, comprised of increases in our stock price and cash dividends paid. This return of nearly 22 percent clearly outperformed the electric utility industry average of 5 percent and approached the S&P 500 Index’s overall return of 26 percent. The return to shareholders reflected both our company’s improving financial condition and a rising stock market.
Our consolidated on-going earnings for 2009 totaled $236 million, or $2.33 per share, compared with
$238 million, or $2.36 per share, for 2008. As reported in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, our consolidated earnings amounted to
$68 million, or $0.67 per share, for 2009 versus $242 million, or $2.40 per share, for the prior year. Our real estate subsidiary, currently undergoing divestiture, largely accounted for the difference between on-going and reported earnings.
Although on-going earnings for 2009 remained relatively flat compared with 2008, we see a more promising future. We estimate our consolidated on-going earnings in 2010 will range from $2.95 per share to $3.10 per share – about 30 percent higher than in 2009. In 2011, we expect our earnings will reach, and might modestly exceed, the guidance range established for 2010.
A comprehensive regulatory settlement that became effective in January 2010 in combination with our keen focus on operational excellence and cost management should drive the increase in on-going earnings.
We recognize the importance of our dividend to our shareholders. Our indicated annual dividend of $2.10 per share provides an attractive cash return with a current dividend yield in the range of 5.5 to 6 percent and an expected payout ratio of about 70 percent based on our 2010 earnings outlook.
Disciplined financial management provides the basis for our financial health. In combination with constructive regulatory treatment, our cost management efforts
will improve our financial posture. Our unrelenting focus on cost control helped us come in under budget for both operating expenses and capital expenditures in 2009. I believe our 2009 efforts have set the bar for future performance. As we look to 2010, we expect operating expenses, less the cost of programs specifically recovered through regulatory surcharges,
to approximate those of 2009.
SERVING DIVERSE COMMUNITIES AND STAkEHOLDERS
Arizona provides an economically dynamic foundation for our business. Over the past 20 years, our state has ranked among the top five states in population growth and has rebounded strongly after each national economic downturn. While we have shared in the nation’s pain during the recent recession, Arizona’s historic resilience will prevail once again because of our state’s attractive quality of life. The number of Arizona households should increase by approximately 50 percent by 2025, or 2.6 percent per year on average, doubling the annual growth for the United States as a whole.
Although we look for economic recovery to take hold in 2010, the overbuilt construction in Arizona will slow the rebound’s pace. Our current outlook predicts APS average annual customer growth through 2012 at about 1 percent with relatively flat retail electricity sales over the same timeframe. If Arizona’s economy improves more quickly, we are positioned to benefit.
P.3

P.4
APS PROdUcTIVIT y gROWTH
104 retaiL CustOmers served Per emPLOYee 1989 199 1999 236   2009
     Our company has not only constructed an electric system in Arizona, but has also worked to build lasting relationships with our customers and their communities. Our customers rely on us to provide first-class service and to invest wisely to meet their future needs. We,
in turn, look to our regulators to allow us an appropriate return on the vast amounts of capital we invest in critical electric infrastructure. Our company, commu- nities, customers, regulators and shareholders exist symbiotically. The comprehensive regulatory accord reached in 2009 among APS, the Arizona Corporation Commission and 21 stakeholders demonstrates the nature and importance of this relationship.
The regulatory settlement strengthens APS financially by improving our ability to maintain investment-grade credit ratings and support our common dividend. Further, we now have a meaningful opportunity to earn a return on equity comparable with the average for other electric utilities. The settlement will help support APS’s earnings until the next rate case and will play
a crucial role in our ability to access capital markets on favorable terms in order to serve Arizona’s growing energy needs. We also count price stability for customers and the substantial expansion of APS’s renewable resources and energy efficiency programs among the significant benefits of the settlement.
Looking ahead, we believe the cooperative regulatory model demonstrated through the settlement provides a foundation for reducing regulatory lag, streamlining future ratemaking processes, and improving recovery of our costs.
MAINTAINING OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE – ENVISION, EXECUTE, ENHANCE
To meet the energy needs of existing and new customers, we need to maintain, expand and, where necessary, replace our electric generation and delivery facilities. We foresee the need to invest one billion dollars each year in electric infrastructure. Our capital
allocation process will ensure these expenditures are essential to meet customers’ needs, are cost effective, and will qualify for regulatory recovery.
Our focus on creating a sustainable energy future
for Arizona has gained wide recognition. For example, in 2010, for the sixth consecutive year, Pinnacle West joined the ranks of the Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations in the World as determined by the investment research firm Innovest Strategic Value Advisors and Corporate Knights, a social responsibility magazine. Only 12 U.S. corporations made the most recent list. Our leadership in this vital area has also earned Pinnacle West a spot on the Dow Jones North America Sustainability Index in each of the past five years.
A substantial component of our resource plan relies on renewable energy and energy efficiency programs. By the end of 2015, we expect renewable energy to supply about 10 percent of our retail customers’ electricity needs, an increase from the 2 percent today. Arizona’s ample sunshine provides optimal conditions for solar energy. Over the next five years, we plan to invest up to $500 million to develop and own 100 megawatts of photovoltaic solar projects in Arizona under our AZ Sun Program. Beyond the obvious environmental benefits, investing in solar will provide an economic boost for our state. Furthermore, our investment in renewable generation should hedge the costs of potential climate legislation and increasingly stringent environmental regulation of fossil-fueled generation.
Energy efficiency programs enhance affordability for our customers while mitigating APS’s financial burden with an offset to the cost of new resources. Our efforts in this area recently earned APS the prestigious 2010 ENERGY STAR Sustained Excellence Award from the U.S. Department of Energy and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. This coveted award follows APS being named ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year by

POWERFUL RELATIONSHIPS 09AR
these same agencies for the past three years, recognizing APS as a national leader in promoting energy efficiency and reducing greenhouse gases.
In 2009, our coal-fired plants continued their run
of top-quartile performance, posting a fleet average capacity factor of 82 percent, while the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station operated at a capacity factor of 89 percent, in line with industry averages. Notably, Palo Verde stands as the only U.S. generating facility of any type ever to exceed 30 million megawatt- hours of production in a single year, and it did so last year for the fifth time in its history.
Strong energy delivery operations and customer satisfaction remain central to our success. Our customer satisfaction ratings as measured by J.D. Power and Associates continue to place APS in the top tier nationally. Most recently, the J.D. Power 2010 business customer survey placed APS in the top 10 nationally among
47 large electric utilities.
While 2009 included Phoenix’s hottest July in memory, our delivery business had its most reliable year on record. We set a company standard for reliability by keeping the power flowing 99.99 percent of the time. When outages did occur, our retail customers experienced the shortest average outage time in our history – only 76 minutes – placing APS’s performance well in the
top quartile of our industry.
The dedicated men and women throughout our company deserve the credit for our performance in 2009. They continually set new standards for excellence, demonstrating their depth of skills and talents for innovation. As always, we rely on them for our future success.
TRANSITIONS AND LOOkING AHEAD
Changing customer expectations, emerging tech- nologies and legislative policies all act to transform our industry. We cannot rest on past accomplishments. We will continue cultivating our skilled, dedicated workforce and employing new technologies to enhance our performance and cost management. Importantly, we have strengthened our executive team with several
new officers. Some of them have ascended through our ranks, while others came to us from positions outside the company.
I am pleased Denis Cortese joined our Board of Directors earlier this year. Denis, the emeritus president and chief executive officer of Mayo Clinic, is director of the Arizona State University Health Care Delivery and Policy Program. His extensive experience leading complex organizations with multiple constituencies fits exceptionally well with Pinnacle West.
Three directors are retiring in 2010 from their service on the Pinnacle West Board: Bill Jamieson, Bill Post and Bill Stewart. Each brought unique
skills, strengths and wisdom to our Board. We extend our deep appreciation and best wishes to these gentlemen for their service.
I want to extend my own personal appreciation to Bill Post. As you know, Bill retired in 2009 as chairman and chief executive officer of Pinnacle West and APS after providing more than a decade of superior leadership, and he graciously agreed to continue on the board for a year to ensure continuity. Bill, thank you for your years of devotion to our company.
As I complete my first year leading the company,
I take pride in what we all have accomplished. I appreciate the trust you place in me and regard leading this great company as a rare privilege. With an outstanding leadership team and a stellar work- force, I have confidence we will successfully address the complex opportunities and challenges facing our company and industry now and in the future for the benefit of our shareholders, customers, employees and other stakeholders.
DONALD E. BRANDT
Chairman, President and Chief exeCutive OffiCer marCh 18, 2010
 