           RUNNINg IT
In 2007, we ran it well. Our operations were stellar
 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
As you likely noticed, the theme for this year’s Summary Annual Report is “Why We Build It.”
Of course, there are many reasons why we build
it, including a few specific ones explored elsewhere
in this report. However, to put this in simple terms, we build it because we are Arizona’s largest and longest–serving electric company. It’s our job to build it.
The “it” I’m referring to is the infrastructure necessary to power Arizona’s expanding energy future.
The “it” won’t be easy.
The integrated, instantaneous electric system ranks as the most important infrastructure element of a modern economy. Without plentiful and affordable electric power, our economy simply cannot grow. Unlike the need for a new road or public park, the demand for electricity cannot be deferred.
Our state’s growth makes our need for infrastructure unique and pressing. Arizona is the second fastest growing state in the nation, and our electric subsidiary, APS, continues to grow at a rapid rate. It took nearly 120 years for our company to add its millionth customer. It will take a little more than 25 years to double that number. As a result, growth and the need to plan for growth drive our strategies.
How we build it is tougher to tackle, but we soon must make decisions that will affect Arizona’s energy future for decades to come. Also, as we build it, we must continue to improve reliability and control costs for today’s customers. How we build it implies not only what resources we use, but how we run it, whether we build or buy new generation, how we plan for
it and finally how we pay for it and sustain it. Let’s address these one at a time.
in nearly every area. Our coal units set performance records again with an 88 percent capacity factor,
well above the latest national average of 71 percent. Cholla, one of our large coal plants, exceeded its previous all–time production record by nearly 5 percent.
We connected 34,000 new customers even as we set new records for reliability. Distribution outages are down 67 percent from a decade ago. Our Web site, aps.com, ranked sixth out of 111 utilities in a national survey and continues to reduce our costs and increase productivity while providing customers with superior levels of convenience and interactivity.
We continue to add value by giving customers more choices, more control and more ways to save money. APS recently expanded the options for our time–of–use rates, further enhancing this program which is already the nation’s largest in both number and percentage
of customers. Our award–winning program to promote and subsidize energy–efficient compact fluorescent light bulbs continues to reduce energy demand and save customers money. We also offer a variety of rebates and incentives for customers to purchase more efficient homes and air conditioning units.
We earned recognition for our environmental and sustainability efforts. For the fourth year in a row,
we were named to the Global 100—a list of the world’s most sustainable corporations. Pinnacle West was the only Arizona company, one of only two U.S. utilities and one of 16 U.S. companies to make the list.
In 2006, the performance at the Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station dropped to disappointing levels, well below its previous world-class standards. Working closely with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, last year we implemented a performance improvement program to restore the plant’s operations to previous levels of excellence.
  Global Reports LLC
WHY WE BUILD IT 3

In 2007, we saw operational improvements at Palo Verde —an eight percentage point improvement in capacity factor compared with 2006 and a 12 percent increase in production. These improvements came despite an extended planned outage to replace the steam generators at Palo Verde’s Unit 3. With Executive Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer Randy Edington’s leadership, Palo Verde employees have adopted an enhanced focus on safety, equipment reliability and training. Perhaps most important, they have made a personal commitment to the kind of cultural change that will eventually restore Palo Verde to its place among the nation’s—and the world’s— top-performing nuclear plants.
Because APS is an integrated, regulated utility, “running it” means working closely with Arizona
and federal regulators to ensure we are capable
of continuing to invest in the future. In 2007, we concluded one of the most complex rate cases in company history. This case, originally filed in 2005, also triggered an emergency rate request that led to expedited fuel cost recovery in 2006 to manage soaring natural gas costs. When the rate case was concluded, we were granted an additional 6.8 percent base-rate increase in 2007. Also, last year our fuel adjustor was enhanced by tying it to projected fuel costs, better aligning our costs and revenues and improving our cash flow position going forward.
BUILDINg AND BUYINg IT
Last year, we kept pace with Arizona’s growth by investing $900 million in infrastructure, and we expect that amount to rise and remain around $1 billion annually. On the wires side, we built a major transmission sub- station and four distribution substations, completing them in time for the summer peak season.
We also installed our 100,000th “smart” meter last year. These smart meters will allow us to create even more innovative rate programs and provide customers with unprecedented flexibility—such as the ability
to remotely control their power usage.
Thanks to a timely purchase of wind and geothermal power at the end of 2006, APS customers are able to participate in our new Green Choice plan, which allows them to pay a small premium to choose how much
of their power they wish to be supplied by renewable energy sources. Compared with 2006, our overall renewable energy production in 2008 will increase six–fold. But that’s just the beginning.
In one of the most promising developments in our company’s history, we announced in February 2008 plans to buy 280 megawatts of power from a “con- centrating” solar plant to be built 70 miles southwest of Phoenix. We are partnering on this large-scale project with Spanish company Abengoa, a proven builder and operator of solar technologies. When completed in 2011, the Solana Generating Station will be one of the largest solar plants in the world and will give APS more solar energy per customer than any other utility nationwide.
This past December, we finished the Herculean task
of replacing the steam generators in all three units at Palo Verde. Planning and executing this $720 million replacement took about 10 years. The new steam generators not only position Palo Verde for life extension; their higher efficiency allows Palo Verde to generate an additional 70 megawatts per unit.
During its 20th anniversary year, SunCor Development Company, Pinnacle West’s real estate subsidiary, achieved solid results, recording net income of about $24 million. As a diversified real estate company with commercial and residential properties and with man- ageable land debt, SunCor is somewhat insulated during a time of turmoil in the housing and mortgage industries. Last year, SunCor contributed $10 million to the parent company, and during the past five years has provided more than $260 million to Pinnacle West, bolstering our financial situation.
 “Reliable and affordable electric power is the key energy cornerstone for a dynamic modern economy.”
4 PNW 2007 ANNUAL REPORT

 CUSTOMERS 300
250 200 150 100 50
OUTAGES 3.0
2.5
2
1.5
1
0.5
Retail Customers Served Per Employee
Distribution Outages Per Customer
00
1987 1997 2007 2017
1998 2001 2004 2007
New technology and increasingly efficient processes allow each of our employees to serve more customers. Despite our steady customer growth, APS has significantly improved the reliability of our electric system.

 PLANNINg FOR IT
APS is adding customers as fast as any utility in the country, and our customers are steadily increasing average energy usage. We expect customer demand to increase 50 percent by 2020, requiring us to build or buy 4,500 megawatts of new, mostly natural gas peaking and renewable generating capacity. About 1,000 megawatts of that additional demand can be met most economically with baseload capacity—large generating units that run continuously. Because most baseload resources have long lead times, we expect to make a decision about the preferred path within the next year or two.
6 PNW 2007 ANNUAL REPORT Global Reports LLC
To facilitate that decision, we are pursuing an open, collaborative process involving the Arizona Corporation Commission (ACC), our customers and other stake- holders to address issues such as fuel price volatility, increasing construction costs, transmission constraints and regulatory treatment of investments. There is clearly more interest than ever before among policy- makers and our customers about the alternatives and the preferred choices for meeting future demand.
We are seeking their input and guidance.
The overall goal is to devise a strategy to ensure Arizona has an energy supply that is reliable, stable
   STRATEGIC OBJECTIVES
Provide Arizona electricity customers with outstanding service and reliable energy at fair prices.
Focus on superior long-term total returns for shareholders.
Implement business practices that support
a strong economy, a healthy environment and prosperous communities for Arizona.
Actively manage our costs and business risks.
Work with regulators to achieve positive regulatory outcomes that benefit both customers and shareholders.
Maximize the long-term value of our assets.
Capture growth opportunities in our electricity markets.
Increase our resource portfolio consistent with our native load, environ- mental factors, cash flow and market conditions.
 
 Global Reports LLC
“We connected 34,000 new customers even as we set new records for reliability.”
and affordable. With large resource needs and equally large uncertainties attributable to every resource,
APS must manage the risk of major new generation, thereby reducing costs to customers. No matter which options we choose, we’ll need the strong support of customers and regulators to finance them.
PAYINg FOR IT
Over the last few years we have seen fuel and basic materials prices—including the key building blocks
of our industry—increase at rapid levels. Since 2004, steel is up 60 percent and copper is up 185 percent.
A 230/69–kilovolt transformer costs over 200 percent more. All these increases, as well as fuel cost increases, have occurred during a period of continued rapid growth for APS. As a result, we are under–collecting our costs of infrastructure on a per–customer basis by more than 50 percent.
With improved processes, better technology and
an outstanding workforce, we’ve been able to buffer the effect of this unprecedented combination of cost increases. We build a new substation in half the time it took a decade ago. That’s one way we’ve kept the full force of equipment and raw material cost increases from crippling our customers and shareholders.
On the other hand, there was little anyone could do in the short term about fuel cost increases. The ACC recognized this and put in place a forward–looking fuel adjustor that, combined with our hedging program, reduces our exposure to volatile gas and purchased power prices. But to provide further protection for customers, we’re looking to stretch our fuel cost hedg- ing program from three to five years. In the last five years, we’ve saved customers $120 million with this sophisticated risk management tool, and we want to extend that protection further into the future.
In 2007, we completed a comprehensive review of our operations and planned expenditures. The result is a streamlined organization that facilitates better
decision–making, generates annual operating savings
of $7 million and better aligns our structure with our strategies. This review also allowed us to reduce our planned five–year capital expenditures by $200 million—about two–thirds of this amount from factoring in slower growth and a third, mostly on the wires side, from improved processes and scheduling. These reductions help to mitigate material and equipment price increases.
Nevertheless, our gross investment to serve the energy future of Arizona over the next 10 years will
be $10 billion, and we will need substantial support from the capital markets—debt and equity—to pay for this crucial infrastructure. Not only will this investment allow us to meet new demand, it will improve reliability and allow us to place emphasis on environmental improvements, alternative energy and new baseload facilities that will reduce our exposure to volatile natural gas prices.
This said, investors will want to know that we can provide a fair and competitive risk–adjusted return on their investment. Right now, our return on equity is far too low even for a rust–belt utility, much less one with our rapid customer growth. We have a three-part plan for improving this situation in the near– and long–term:
First, the ACC has encouraged us to find ways to allow growth to “pay for itself.” An ACC decision in February 2008 will allow APS to more directly recover the costs of system expansion. Through this decision and further enhancements, future rate increases to all customers would be reduced. Although not common for private companies, nearly 60 percent of U.S. municipalities with a population greater than 25,000 mitigate the costs of growth with some form of up–front impact fee.
Second, when necessary we will continue to file state and federal rate requests that better align costs with revenues, reduce regulatory lag and accelerate capital cost recovery. In March 2008, we filed a retail rate case that seeks a net increase in rates of $266 million, and
WHY WE BUILD IT 7

 kWh 16,000
14,000 12,000 10,000
8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000
0
$30,000 $25,000 $20,000 $15,000 $10,000
$5,000 $0
1987 1997
2007 2017
Energy Use Per Customer
APS Investment Per New Customer
1987 1997
2007 2017
While our number of customers continues to grow rapidly, APS customers also continue to use more electricity. To meet this added demand, we will invest $10 billion in energy resources over the next decade.

  “No matter which options we choose,
we’ll need the strong support of customers and regulators to finance them.”
proposes ways to reduce regulatory lag. We must assure our investors that they will be fairly compensated over the long run, and we believe the ACC will continue to work with us through this challenging period.
We also recently received decisions from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the ACC that will allow us to recover transmission–related costs much more quickly. The new “formula–based” rates went into effect on March 1, 2008 and are expected to increase revenues by $37 million on an annual basis.
Third, to address longer–term needs, we will achieve broad-based support on the preferred path for the next baseload plant. This process would include agreement on regulatory approaches to recover development as well as investment costs. A successful result would both reduce the risk of longer–term projects and reduce overall financing costs.
SUSTAININg IT
We continue to secure new generation and site new power lines, improve reliability and expand customer choice. We’re also holding down costs and increasing productivity, planning for the future and seeking fair returns for investors for one clear, indispensable purpose—to create a sustainable energy future
for Arizona.
Reliable and affordable electric power is the key energy cornerstone for a dynamic modern economy. New investments now can lower long–run costs, ensure high levels of service quality, facilitate competi- tive markets and promote environmental goals.
Because sustainability is becoming ingrained in our corporate culture, our employees understand the positive impact they can have on the environment, our com- munities and Arizona’s economy. They embrace this kind of responsibility and accountability. They realize the importance of their roles, and the ownership they feel in building Arizona’s future motivates them to be more productive, more efficient and more focused.
I truly believe they are the best employees of any company, anywhere.
Their commitment makes me increasingly confident in the future of our company and the future of Arizona.
WILLIAM J. POST, CHAIRMAN AND CEO
  Global Reports LLC
WHY WE BUILD IT 9
