                DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS...
Pinnacle West achieved another year of outstanding results in 2016 by consistently delivering on our commitments to the customers who depend on us, the communities we serve, our dedicated employees and the shareholders who trust us with their investments.
Through efficient operations and prudent financial management, your company recorded net income of $442 million, or $3.95 per share, in 2016. That compares favorably with net income of
$437 million in 2015. The company’s strong performance earned a consolidated return on average common equity of 9.44 percent.
For the fifth consecutive year, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the dividend, raising it by 5 percent to $2.62 per share annually. Our goal remains to provide investors with steady dividend growth of approximately 5 percent per year.
Pinnacle West stock hit new 52-week highs 27 times in 2016, and on July 5 reached what was then an all-time closing high of $82.56—a record that was eclipsed in early 2017. Total shareholder value increased $1.8 billion in 2016. Although general market conditions have contributed to our stock’s record-setting performance, the real credit for this accomplishment goes to our dedicated employees who have worked hard for many years to position the company for success.
The appreciation of Pinnacle West stock, together with our
dividend payout, provided shareholders with a total return of 25 percent in 2016. This significantly outpaced the return of the S&P 1500 Electric Utilities Index (16 percent) and the S&P 500 Index
(12 percent). Pinnacle West shareholders have earned a total return of 65 percent over the last three years and 97 percent over the last five.
Our balance sheet remains strong, allowing us to earn A- ratings
or better from each of the major credit rating agencies, a distinction that exceeds the majority of other electricity companies.
PINNACLEWESTANNUALREPORT |3

                 Reclaimed water accounted for 74 percent of the water used in our generating facilities in 2016.
 COMMITTED TO ARIZONA »
Arizona’s economy continued to grow in
2016 and remains an integral part of our value proposition. Our home state offers desirable places to live, competitive low costs and
an attractive business climate that combine
to promise sustained long-term growth. The important positive economic factors include:
The metropolitan Phoenix area, which represents two-thirds of our customer base, has placed third among the country’s top 15 metro areas for growth.
Construction, financial services and healthcare, among other sectors, are all producing job growth at above-average rates.
Vacancy rates in office and retail
space have fallen to pre-recession levels, and housing construction in 2016 reached levels not seen since 2007.
Our primary subsidiary, Arizona Public Service (APS), benefits from the state’s growing economy while helping to power that growth. We provide the clean, reliable and affordable electricity an expanding economy requires, and we partner closely with economic development organizations to attract new businesses to
the state. In 2016, those efforts brought more than 20 new companies to our service area, adding an estimated 5,000 new jobs.
Should the Arizona Corporation Commission (ACC) act favorably on our pending rate request, our planned investment of $3.5 billion in the energy grid over the next three years will further stimulate the economy, create opportunities for suppliers and generate tax revenue for local governments. And, we have proposed new economic development rate options to encourage more businesses to relocate or expand in our service territory.
COMMITTED TO OUR CUSTOMERS »
APS consistently ranks among the best- performing electricity companies in America for dependable service, and in 2016 we continued to make investments that expand, maintain and modernize Arizona’s energy grid. Through these efforts, we anticipate growth
in rate base of 6 to 7 percent through 2019.
Through investments in the high-voltage transmission system, we strive to improve reliability and redundancy, increase access to power markets, and support the continued development of renewable energy. APS completed three transmission projects in 2016,
   4 | PINNACLE WEST ANNUAL REPORT

                 
                  ELECTRIC
 UTILITIES
 INDEX
  S&P 500
16% 12%
TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURN
  25%
  PINN
 ACLE
 WEST
   27
phoenix is the
twenty- seven
third
  TIMES PINNACLE WEST STOCK HIT A 52-WEEK HIGH IN 2016
fastest growing
AMONG AMERICA’S TOP 15 METRO AREAS
  6 | PINNACLE WEST ANNUAL REPORT

                at a total investment of $147 million, enhancing reliability and encouraging customer growth in the thriving areas west of Phoenix. We anticipate capital expenditures of approximately $500 million in the transmission system through
the end of 2019.
APS continues to build a stronger, smarter energy infrastructure for Arizona through thoughtful investments in advanced and effective grid technologies. In one instance, we deployed more than 200 advanced devices across the grid in 2016 that enable our employees to detect problems earlier and restore power faster, resulting in a 6-percent decrease in outage durations. We anticipate capital expenditures
of approximately $1.3 billion in the distribution system through the end of 2019.
Modernization of our grid also includes industry-leading work on microgrids. Working in partnership with the Department of the Navy and the U.S. Marine Corps, APS in 2016 completed a 25-megawatt microgrid
that provides enhanced energy security to the Marine Corps Air Station in Yuma, Arizona. The microgrid provides reliable backup power for base operations and, at other times, allows APS operators to call on the generation
to serve Yuma customers when needed,
thus improving regional reliability as well.
One noteworthy research initiative that is attracting national attention and shaping our grid modernization strategies is the APS Solar Partner Program, which is evaluating how smart inverters and battery storage can help maintain power reliability in communities with high levels of intermittent private rooftop solar generation. The $36 million initiative was named 2017 Project of the Year for Renewables Integration by the industry organization DistribuTECH.
Recognizing that our customers want more choices and control over their energy use, APS in 2016 launched a number of customer service enhancements including an upgraded mobile- friendly outage map and a new mobile app that allows customers to use their smartphones to view usage and pay bills. In the first quarter of 2017, we launched one of the largest information technology projects in company history—a new $106 million customer information system that will provide a stronger, more nimble platform
to support continued innovations in the way we serve our customers.
COMMITTED TO A CLEANER ENERGY MIX »
Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station continues to break records, and Unit 2 produced the highest electricity output of any nuclear unit in the country in 2016—all of it clean, carbon-free energy.
When complete in 2019, our $500 million Ocotillo Modernization Project’s cleaner, quick-starting natural gas power plants will provide reliable and flexible generation to serve the Valley of the Sun, supporting the continued growth of renewable energy while making more efficient use of fuel and water.
At Four Corners Power Plant, our investment of $400 million in Selective Catalytic Reduction environmental technology is expected to
be complete in 2018. The new environmental controls are designed to reduce emissions
of nitrogen oxide by more than 90 percent.
We celebrated a major milestone in May 2016 when APS surpassed one gigawatt of solar in the energy mix we provide to customers. Prior to last year, no other electricity company outside of California had achieved that distinction.
PINNACLEWESTANNUALREPORT |7

                 ONE
 50% gigawatt
  AMOUNT OF SOLAR IN THE ENERGY OF ELECTRICITY WE DELIVER COMES MIX WE PROVIDE TO CUSTOMERS FROM CARBON-FREE SOURCES
  
                 Our solar leadership continued in December with the startup of our innovative Red Rock Solar Plant. The plant demonstrates how electricity companies can help commercial customers realize their clean-energy goals. APS developed and owns the 40-megawatt plant, and entered into an agreement with
two customers—Arizona State University
and PayPal—that have committed to purchase renewable energy from APS over the next
20 years equivalent to the amount we estimate Red Rock will generate.
After signing an agreement with the California Independent System Operator in 2015 to
join the Energy Imbalance Market, APS
began participation with a smooth transition
in October 2016. APS saved $6 million in its first three months in the market, all of which
is passed along to customers. The market
will also allow us to respond more quickly to variable renewable energy production and better incorporate renewable resources such as solar.
With Palo Verde’s reliable nuclear generation and our company’s solar leadership as the anchors, 50 percent of the electricity APS delivered to customers in 2016 came from carbon-free sources.
One final note on our efforts to reduce the environmental impact of our operations: conditions in Arizona require that sustainable
and efficient usage of water ranks as a top priority.
PINNACLEWESTANNUALREPORT |9

                Accordingly, each APS power plant has a unique water strategy—including Palo Verde, which remains the only nuclear plant in the world
not located near a large body of water. Instead, it uses treated effluent from several area municipalities, recycling approximately 20 billion gallons of wastewater each year. Our 2016 water efficiency initiatives succeeded in reducing our total groundwater consumption
by 28 percent below 2014 levels, far surpassing our goal of an 8-percent reduction.
COMMITTED TO ARIZONA’S ENERGY FUTURE »
On March 1, 2017, we reached agreement on resolution of the company’s first rate review in five years. The consensus group included ACC staff, consumer advocates, merchant generators, seniors, industrial groups, environmental groups, limited-income advocates, rural municipalities, schools, federal agencies, the business community, and solar groups—most notably, representatives of the national private solar leasing industry.
The agreement will now go to the ACC for review, including opportunities for public comment and a vote by commissioners, which we expect to occur this summer.
If approved, the agreement will provide a blueprint that will bring about more solar,
a smarter energy infrastructure, a cleaner energy mix and more options for customers.
The agreement provides for an overall revenue increase of 3.3 percent, translating into an additional $95 million annually to support
our operations and investments. Residential customers would experience a 4.5-percent
bill increase, or about $6 per month. Under
our previous request, customers would have seen a 7.96-percent, or $11 per month, increase.
10 | PINNACLE WEST ANNUAL REPORT
 25
 twenty- five megawatt
 MICROGRID BUILT IN PARTNERSHIP WITH THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY
 renewables integration
project
of the
year
 SOLAR PARTNER PROGRAM AWARD FROM DistribuTECH
50,000
downloads
SINCE THE LAUNCH OF THE NEW APS MOBILE APP
   
                We also agreed to refund customers $15 million of surplus energy efficiency program funds over the first year that new rates are in effect.
Recognizing that many Arizona customers still struggle with the effects of the previous economic downturn, we have requested increased program funding for limited-income customers from $35 million to $48 million,
a simplified monthly bill discount, and a $1.25 million annual emergency bill assistance fund.
Under this agreement, we would not begin another request for a comprehensive review of our rates before June 1, 2019, meaning three years between rate reviews.
value-of-solar decision, the ACC established
a mechanism for that rate to decline gradually over time. Banking energy—the “netting” part of net metering—has ended; any power sent to the grid from a rooftop solar system will receive compensation at this new export rate.
The agreement also allows private rooftop solar customers to choose from updated rate options that include a time-of-use plan with a grid access charge, or a demand-based plan without the grid access charge.
Through this agreement, Arizona’s solar leadership is sustained with smart policies that should enable the continued growth of
 32.2 million megawatt-hours of carbon-free energy produced at Palo Verde—the only U.S. generating facility to ever produce more than 30 million megawatt-hours in a year.
 The agreement builds on the ACC’s December decision regarding value and cost of solar. That decision ensures private rooftop solar customers are fairly compensated when they send electricity back to the grid, while reducing the generous subsidies paid by our non-solar customers.
We have proposed to protect our existing solar customers by grandfathering them under their current agreement, while future private solar customers would be compensated for their excess electricity at a credit starting
at 12.9 cents/kilowatt-hour. In the December
solar and other new consumer technologies, while strengthening protections for non-solar customers. We have agreed to invest $10 million to $15 million per year in an AZ Sun rooftop program in which customers would receive a monthly credit to allow the company to install rooftop solar systems on their homes. This innovative program would expand access to solar for limited- and moderate-income customers throughout
the APS service area.
PINNACLEWESTANNUALREPORT |11

                 
                 Through a separate agreement, APS, industry representatives and solar advocates commit to stand by the settlement agreement and refrain from seeking to undermine it through ballot initiatives, legislation or advocacy at the ACC.
Under our proposal, customers will have more choices and control through a menu of new rate options that include incentives for more efficient use of energy, and additional opportunities to save money. Time-of-use plans will become the standard for all customers, who will also have the option of choosing from two demand rates or
a special demand pilot for customers with certain types of technology at their homes.
COMMITTED TO OUR COMMUNITY »
The communities we serve know of APS and its employees’ dedication to community service. Economically thriving and culturally vibrant communities translate into long-term success for our company, and investing in the growth, health and well-being of Arizona helps all our customers, too.
According to 2016 rankings calculated by the Phoenix Business Journal, APS was the top corporate philanthropist
in Arizona and second on the list of the state’s top volunteer programs. Last year, we gave more than $10 million to Arizona communities, $1.4 million of which funded STEM education programs across the state.
Our incredible employees contributed more than 120,000 volunteer hours to causes for which they have a passion
and our annual Community Services Fund campaign yielded pledges of $2.5 million for deserving nonprofit organizations.
Time and again, I feel extraordinarily grateful for the work our employees do every day, at work and in their private lives helping others. Beyond their other accomplishments,
I appreciate their commitment to safety. In 2016, APS employees recorded the fewest OSHA recordable incidents in the company’s history. That performance placed us at
the top of our industry peer group. We will continue to keep safety at the top of our priority list so that all APS employees go home without injury.
PINNACLEWESTANNUALREPORT |13

                Before I close, I want to welcome our newest Board member, Paula Sims. Paula joined the Board in October, and is a valuable addition to the Pinnacle West and
APS Boards of Directors. Her talent and perspective, deep industry experience and expertise in business development, operations and change management will benefit the company and its customers as we continue to focus on delivering long-term value for all we serve.
The coming year will certainly bring more changes in technology, the political arena and customer expectations. Your company will stay ahead of these changes, evolving and investing to ensure sustainable success in the years to come.
Our commitment to the relationships that matter most—our customers, our employees, our communities, and you, our shareholders—will not waver.
Thank you for your investment.
DONALD E. BRANDT
chairman, president and chief executive officer
    14 | PINNACLE WEST ANNUAL REPORT
