                 PNW AR 2
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS...
Pinnacle West delivered superior value for our shareholders in 2015 by providing our customers with excellent service, managing our operations well and exercising financial discipline.
The company produced net income of $437 million, or $3.92 per share, which constituted a 9.5 percent increase over the previous year. Our consolidated earned return on average common equity was 9.77 percent.
Significantly, we continued to provide our investors with the steady dividend growth which makes our equity attractive in uncertain times. Our Board of Directors approved an increase for the fourth straight year, raising our annual dividend by 5 percent to $2.50 per share.
In difficult market conditions for electric utility equities, the price of Pinnacle West shares declined during 2015 from record highs at the beginning of the year. The company delivered a total return to our shareholders – a combination of share price movement and dividends paid – of (2.0) percent, 42.1 percent and 91.3 percent over the last one, three and five years ending December 31. These results compare favorably with the S&P 1500 Electric Utility Index returns of (5.2) percent, 35.1 percent and 64.0 percent for the same periods.
Pinnacle West shares have performed well thus far in 2016, rising 6.7 percent in value since the beginning of the year to $68.83 per share as of February 29.
Our efforts to strengthen the company’s balance sheet continue to produce positive results. Credit rating agencies Fitch and Moody’s both upgraded the company in 2015. All three major agencies now rate Pinnacle West the equivalent of A-, the best our credit ratings have been in 30 years.
Looking ahead, we anticipate 2016 earnings per share in the range of $3.90 to $4.10, assuming normal weather. We aim to achieve a return on equity of more than 9.5 percent and, subject to the Board’s discretion, to increase the dividend at an annual rate of 5 percent.

                 DONALD E. BRANDT CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
ECONOMIC GROWTH
Arizona’s improving economic conditions, coupled with higher retail customer sales, enhanced our ability to deliver superior results for Pinnacle West shareholders in 2015.
Despite the economic downturn that hit toward the end of the previous decade, Arizona’s enduring long-term growth potential has always played an important role in our value proposition. In 2015, we saw further signs of healthy economic recovery.
$437 $398
2014 2015
NET INCOME IN MILLIONS
     EARNINGS PER SHARE INCREASE IN 2015
  
                 
                 1,278 MW OF RENEWABLE ENERGY ON OUR SYSTEM
 2008
Job growth in the Phoenix metropolitan area has outpaced the national average for 18 consecutive quarters. This broad-based trend encompasses construction, healthcare, tourism, finance, business services and consumer services, with each adding jobs at a rate above 3 percent. Notably, the construction sector exceeded the other sectors
by adding jobs in the last two quarters of 2015 at a rate of more than 7 percent.
In 2015, the Phoenix housing market recorded its best year since 2007 with nearly 22,000 new permits. Single-family permit activity increased almost 50 percent over the prior year.
Reflecting these improving economic conditions, our customer base grew 1.2 percent in 2015. Weather-adjusted sales increased 0.7 percent, demonstrating that customer and usage growth has overcome the effects of energy efficiency and distributed generation initiatives. 2015 saw the strongest year for sales growth since 2008.
OUR STRONGEST YEAR FOR SALES GROWTH SINCE

                  PNW AR 6
SUPERIOR RELIABILITY AND SERVICE
Arizona Public Service has powered the recovery with service ranked among the industry’s leaders in reliability, customer satisfaction and workplace safety. We produce electricity from a diverse, high- performing and increasingly clean portfolio of generation. We have deep roots in our community, giving back more than $10 million in 2015 to charitable causes across Arizona.
We invested $1 billion in 2015 to enhance the Arizona power grid and improve our ability to serve customers, and we plan to invest an additional $3.6 billion in infrastructure enhancements over the next three years. These investments will create value for our customers, benefit Arizona’s economy, and drive projected annual rate base growth of
6 to 7 percent through 2018.
BILLION
INVESTED IN 2015 TO ENHANCE THE ARIZONA POWER GRID
PROJECTED ANNUAL RATE BASE GROWTH THROUGH 2018
1.025
   APS has three essential elements to its business model, directed at both customers and shareholders. These include:
OUTSTANDING RELIABILITY FOR OUR CUSTOMERS.
 APS’s electric reliability remained near the top
of our industry in 2015, despite one of the most
challenging summer storm seasons in recent Arizona 0.82 history. Our average customer experienced less than
one outage – 0.82 per customer – compared to an
industry median of 1.025 interruptions.
 One of our important reliability investments in 2015 was a 110-mile transmission line from the Phoenix metropolitan area to Yuma.
 INDUSTRY APS
OUTAGES PER CUSTOMER

                The 500-kilovolt line, energized in May 2015, will improve reliability for Yuma customers and strengthen the high-voltage power grid. The transmission construction project was one of the largest in the West, and the largest completed by APS in more than 25 years. Over the next three years we plan to invest $450 million enhancing Arizona’s transmission system.
SUPERIOR AND IMPROVING CUSTOMER SATISFACTION. APS ranked in the top 10 for customer satisfaction again in 2015 among large investor-owned utilities, according to J.D. Power and Associates. Satisfaction ratings improved for the third consecutive year.
We introduced new programs and initiatives in 2015 that respond directly to the requests and needs of our customers. Our new APS Notification Center, which provides our customers with information via their smartphones about their electricity usage, billing, and restoration times during power outages, meets these new technological demands.
FORWARD-THINKING GRID MODERNIZATION. We have invested in advanced technologies that enhance system reliability and resilience, and enable future innovations in customer service. These projects, along with our fully deployed advanced meter program, will ensure APS stays at the forefront of grid modernization and can adapt to future requirements more easily.
In November, we announced a partnership with the Department of the Navy to develop a 25- megawatt microgrid project at Marine Corps Air Station Yuma. A microgrid is a term used to describe a small-scale power grid that can operate independently or in conjunction with the area’s main electrical grid. This is APS’s first microgrid project and the first military base to secure 100 percent backup power. We also plan to install a 40-megawatt solar facility this year to serve some of our large customers.
Technology advances also create new opportunities for utilities to interact with each other for the benefit of our customers. In 2015, we announced plans to join the California Independent System Operator’s Energy Imbalance Market. When we begin participation later this year, it will give us more flexibility to manage our energy resources, producing an estimated savings for our customers of between $7 million and $18 million per year.
RANKED IN TOP 10 FOR CUSTOMER SATISFACTION
PNW AR 7

                PNW AR 8
  HIGH-PERFORMING, CLEANER ENERGY MIX
The electricity we provided our customers in 2015 came from a diverse mix of high-performing and increasingly clean generation. Approximately 47 percent of our energy mix comes from carbon-free resources.
The four main components of our generation capacity include:
NUCLEAR. A vital part of our clean, carbon-free power is generated at the focal point of our fleet: Palo Verde Nuclear Generating Station. The nation’s largest producer of power of any kind for 24 years running, Palo Verde had a stellar 2015, achieving its highest-ever net generation, a record 32.5 million megawatt-hours of electricity.
Our team at Palo Verde has taken a leading role in the industry response to the severe natural disaster in Japan
in 2011 and the resulting accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant. We completed a significant number of enhancements in 2015, investing $125 million in new equipment and modifications to existing facilities to make a safe plant even safer.
COAL. A large number of factors have made us re-examine the role of our coal plants. While federal environmental policy tops the list, economic conditions strongly affect our generation mix. Sustained low gas prices allow us to save money for our customers by reducing coal generation in favor of natural gas. And, America’s growing reliance on renewable energy requires the support of flexible generation capable of ramping up and down frequently – something base-load coal facilities do inefficiently.
We must make prudent decisions for our customers and shareholders, while also recognizing the community impacts.
OF THE WATER USED BY ALL OUR GENERATING FACILITIES COMES FROM RECLAIMED WATER
   24years
AS NATION’S LARGEST POWER PRODUCER
47
OF ELECTRICITY WE PROVIDE COMES FROM CARBON-FREE RESOURCES
PALO VERDE
  
                WE HAVE INVESTED IN ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES THAT ENHANCE SYSTEM RELIABILITY AND RESILIENCE,
AND ENABLE FUTURE INNOVATIONS IN CUSTOMER SERVICE.
In 2015 we made the decision to close one of three units we own at the Cholla Power Plant. This followed our 2013 closure of the three oldest, least efficient units at our Four Corners Power Plant. These two actions retired 820 megawatts of coal generation, resulting in a
29 percent reduction in carbon emissions from the plants. We also anticipate reductions in mercury emissions of 63 percent, particulates by 43 percent, NOX by 36 percent and SO2 by 29 percent.
To meet federal environmental standards, we plan to spend $400 million through 2018 to install selective catalytic reduction pollution controls on the two remaining units at Four Corners, reducing regional haze.
RENEWABLES. Although nuclear power accounts for most of our carbon-free generation, our growing renewable portfolio contributes 1,278 megawatts to that mix. We completed two utility-scale solar plants in 2015: one at Arizona’s Luke Air Force Base, and the other an innovative partnership with the City of Phoenix to build a solar plant on top of a former landfill.
These projects concluded our AZ Sun program, which now generates 170 megawatts from nine solar installations across Arizona and brings our overall solar portfolio to 950 megawatts. The program has advanced Arizona’s solar leadership, evidenced by the state’s number two spot in the nation for overall solar growth as measured by the Solar Electric Power Association.
To advance our leadership in sustainable solar power, APS launched innovative research
and development programs in 2015, including our Solar Partner Program, which is installing solar panels on 1,500 customer homes across the Phoenix metro area. The program, the first and largest of its kind in the country, studies solar production in late afternoons as the sun sets, but when customer energy use peaks.
PNW AR 9
 
                 NATURAL GAS. Many people assume in our sunny climate that solar will dependably supply a major portion of our customers’ electricity needs. Unfortunately, the sun does not shine to suit our schedule, nor does it necessarily coincide with our customers’ electricity demands.
In fact, on the peak customer electricity demand day of 2015, rooftop solar generation did not correspond optimally to customer demand by any measure. Rather, rooftop solar generation peaked at about the noon hour, well before customer demand surged. Our customers’ thirst for electricity peaked at 5 p.m., a striking five-hour imbalance. At exactly the same time, rooftop solar generation had declined to only 38 percent of its capacity, and continued falling to zero by 7 p.m., while customer demand remained intense, exceeding the level at noon. That’s right, zero! Even in Arizona, the sun does not shine on cue.
This example demonstrates why we need to back up renewable energy with reliable power sources. And, today, that means natural gas.
We are investing $500 million through 2019 to modernize our Ocotillo Power Plant in Tempe, replacing two 1960s-era units with five efficient combustion turbines that can start up and reach full power in less than 10 minutes.
WE ARE INVESTING
    TO MODERNIZE OUR OCOTILLO POWER PLANT
The Ocotillo project will enable and support the continued growth
of renewable resources. The units will also be smaller and quieter and, thanks to an innovative cooling approach, will use 80 percent less water per megawatt-hour.
Recognizing the importance of being good stewards of the state’s precious water resources, we added water usage to our top corporate metrics in 2015. We are already a leader in water conservation, with more than two-thirds of the water used by our generating fleet coming from reclaimed water. Palo Verde alone recycles nearly 20 billion gallons of wastewater each year, using no groundwater for its operations.
MILLION
 
                An important part of our request will be a suggested change in the design of electricity rates. We want to align prices more closely with costs, and to create clear price signals that support cost-reducing customer technologies.
We were the first in the country to raise the issue of rate reform in a serious way. We take pride
in that leadership. Now, others in our industry have joined the effort to address rate restructuring. In 2015, the Nevada Public Utilities Commission ruled unanimously to pass a new rate structure that removes much of the unfairness from that state’s net metering rules. The Nevada decision follows last year’s ruling in Hawaii that closed the state’s net metering program to new solar customers.
COMMUNITY UPDATE
I see our employees as the company’s greatest asset. They possess incomparable work expertise and a time-proven commitment to improving the communities where we live and do business. They have demonstrated great generosity with their time, resources and skills, volunteering 127,000 hours during the year – valued at $2.9 million – and contributing $3.9 million to Arizona non-profits through our community services fund. We must add this marvelous effort on the part of our employees to the more than $10 million APS gave back to the community through corporate giving and the APS Foundation.
The future of APS lies in good hands. We have a history of developing the leaders of tomorrow, and unlocking potential in people and places that sometimes get overlooked.
For example, our commitment to veteran support underlines our philosophy of hiring the best and the brightest. When employers know how to translate the leadership and experience these men and women gain in the military into their own businesses, they open up opportunities not only for those they hire, but for the future of their companies. At APS, veterans make up 20 percent of our workforce. They come to us ready to work, grow and shoulder responsibility.
We have a stronger future and company because of them.
PNW AR 13
    127,000
hours
VOLUNTEERED BY APS EMPLOYEES
MILLION
GIVEN BACK TO THE COMMUNITY IN 2015

                PNW AR 14
Beyond our employee base, our business relies on partnerships with vendors and suppliers from across Arizona and around the world. We see great value in creating opportunities that promote an equal chance for success, and in 2015 the Edison Electric Institute’s Supplier Diversity Executive Council recognized our program’s innovation and excellence. Last year, we spent more than $395 million with diverse suppliers – the highest total in our program’s 23-year history.
The years ahead promise to bring change to the way
we do business, from the way our company generates electricity, to how it flows to and from our customers, and to the way our rates are structured to ensure fairness.
I have great optimism about these future changes
and challenges. Your company has the resources
and strengths to address them and flourish. We will continue to be a driving force in the communities
we serve, nurture constructive relationships with
our regulators, and ensure a solid future for APS and Pinnacle West by developing our leaders of tomorrow.
Thank you for your investment.
DONALD E. BRANDT
CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
  