 2
To Our Shareholders
 After more than 30 years in the chemical industry, 2008 was unlike any period I have ever experienced. PolyOne was challenged to add value in a year that consisted of two completely distinct and radically different halves; for that reason, our annual report is about the value we strive to create for all of our stakeholders.
Our value formula for success is straightforward and it is defined by PolyOne’s commitment to our customers, share- holders, employees and communities. Our ability to execute our strategy is on the rise, even if our stock price is not following the same trajectory. Although I am disappointed that the returns we have delivered to our shareholders falls below our potential, I remain steadfast in my belief that our strategy provides a strong foundation for long-term value creation.
In the first half of the year, we experienced numer- ous triumphs that clearly demonstrated the effectiveness of our transformational strategy. During the second half, the severity and scope of the economic downturn caused a dramatic drop in order volume.
Regardless of the global economic conditions, our overall success and accomplishments in 2008 benefitted from improved execution of our specialization, globalization, operational excellence and commercial excellence initia- tives. I am proud that we delivered year-end results, before special items, that equaled our prior-year performance, an outcome made possible by our four-pillar strategy and the determination and first-rate work of PolyOne’s people.
Early in the year, we made two significant additions to PolyOne. On January 2, 2008, we acquired GLS Corporation, the leading North American provider of specialty thermo- plastic elastomer compounds (TPEs) for consumer and medical applications. Days later, we announced our acquisition of Ngai Hing PlastChem Company Ltd.,
Stephen D. Newlin Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
POLYONE CORPORATION

 a vinyl compounding business based in Dongguan, China. In the early part of the year, we also established a color development center in China to serve northern China and Korea, and a business development office in Japan. In addition, we initiated construction of a production and lab facility in Mumbai, India. With these new facilities, our expanded footprint demonstrated our commitment to globalization.
We will remember 2008 as the year that our Specialty business became the largest por tion of our operating income. In 2005, it was just 2 percent of our total operating income; now it comprises 34 percent. The significance of this occurrence is twofold. First, it demonstrates PolyOne’s movement away from commodity-driven markets and into specialty markets. Second, the profitability of our Specialty business helped to offset the lower earnings associated with our Performance Products and Solutions business, which is experiencing depressed demand in key markets such as housing and automotive.
Our Specialty platform expanded as we recognized that we have a unique and important role to play in help- ing our customers meet the growing consumer demand for environmentally responsible products. PolyOne Sustainable Solutions includes numerous products that meet the high standards we set for sustainability, and we are partnering with industry leaders such as Archer Daniels Midland Company, Battelle and Eastman Chemical Company to de- velop new products in markets that are poised for growth. Leaner and More Efficient
Throughout the year, we remained agile as we adapted to the unprecedented changes in the economic environ- ment. First, we shifted toward leaner and more efficient operations in July 2008 when we began to realign our manufacturing assets to improve product delivery systems and inventory management. By removing excess capacity
and inefficiencies in our U.S. supply chain, we streamlined our Company. By the end of 2008, we recognized further opportunities to produce immediate cost savings as we began planning for a company-wide global restructuring announced in Januar y 2009.
In 2008, we also reorganized our reporting structure to better reflect the specialty company we aspire to be. Our three strategic platforms became Specialty, Performance Products and Solutions, and PolyOne Distribution. The Specialty platform is comprised of the reportable segments International Color and Engineered Materials; Specialty Engineered Materials; and Specialty Color, Additives and Inks. An added benefit to this reorganization of our report- ing structure is that it provides greater transparency to our shareholders.
On the commercial front, we continued to upgrade, train, and equip our sales and marketing teams to suc- cessfully operate and win in an increasingly competitive environment. We have the strongest commitment to our customers and are obligated to help them build a com- petitive advantage through our value-added and innovative solutions. This level of customer service builds loyalty with our customers. Whether a PolyOne associate interacts with customers on a daily basis or not, every one of us knows that customers are our reason for being in business. Every level of our organization is laser-focused on providing exceptional customer care.
This heightened level of customer service is paying off. I am proud that two of our three platforms – Distribution and Specialty – had record years in 2008. In this increasingly difficult environment, Performance Products and Solutions struggled because of plummeting demand in some of its key end markets. However, deployment of Lean initiatives and an aggressive commercial strategy helped to offset the blows it was dealt throughout the year.
  3
POLYONE CORPORATION

  Strong People, Strong Future
We have the people and the skills that will help our company outperform the competition and seize the growth opportunities that are available in a $30 billion market. With a few recent additions to our already strong global management team – we recruited Robert M. Patterson as senior vice president and chief financial officer, and we re- cruited and promoted several new general managers to fill positions around the world – I am confident we have assem- bled one of the best management teams in our industry.
As skilled as our management team is, none of us had experience with the type of rapid economic decline we saw in 2008. During the recent global financial crisis, we have seen some of the world’s most historically strong compa- nies stumble and we have seen some giants fall. While PolyOne did not get itself into this crisis, we do not intend to suffer the same fate. Our adherence to a proven strat- egy, strong execution skills, effective debt management, business turnarounds and company-wide restructuring initiatives will secure our future.
The economic downturn has altered the foundation of the global economy as it influences current and future consumption habits, changing both our Company and the markets we serve. For that reason, late last year we began to expand on our previously successful Lean initiatives to include Lean Six Sigma. We are focusing on improving both our internal and customer-facing processes to ensure that we emerge stronger, leaner, and more specialized.
The momentum we were building as our strategy was taking hold was abruptly interrupted by falling demand last year. As I write this letter, our Company continues to make adjustments in response to the changing economic
tide. To add long-term value for our shareholders, our current focus is on conserving cash, liquidity, and working capital. Fortifying PolyOne now will ensure that when times are better, we will be positioned to resume the significant progress we were making toward delivering our full value.
Although the timeline for realizing our vision will length- en, the goals remain the same. In fact, our commitment to them has grown stronger. I am certain that our strategy is the right one because it has been tested in both good times and bad, proving its soundness and ability to drive us toward our vision of becoming the world’s premier provider of specialty polymer materials, services and solutions.
If last year was a story of two halves, we are prepared for 2009 to be a continuation of the second half of 2008. PolyOne is tackling head-on the challenge of building on our successes and demonstrating our value. Led by our skilled management team and fueled by unflinching determination, a fresh perspective and relentless energy, we are up to the task and we appreciate your support. You can count on us to be prudent and firm in our commitment to create value.
Stephen D. Newlin
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 18, 2009
  4
  POLYONE CORPORATION
