       tO Our SHAreHOlDerS
  Since the beginning of PolyOne’s transformation in 2006, we have made significant progress each year toward becoming a leading specialty company that delivers unique solutions to our customers around the world. During our journey, and as a result of our success along the way, we have generated exceptional value for our shareholders.
At no other point in our history was this more evident than in 2012.
It was the year in which we were ultimately measured against the long-term performance targets we established in 2007. In each key metric, I’m extremely proud of our performance, having met or exceeded the majority of our targets. What made our performance particularly rewarding was that we delivered in the midst of an unforeseen U.S. recession, a 50-year low in housing starts, and an extremely challenging economic environment throughout much of Europe. Here are some noteworthy examples and record- setting performances from 2012:
FinAnciAl HigHligHtS
Our adjusted EPS of $1.20 for 2012 represented a new record for PolyOne and an 18 percent increase over 2011, extending our consecutive streak of double-digit adjusted EPS expansion to 13 quarters. Our ability to deliver that level of consistent growth clearly demonstrates that our strategy remains on-target and we are relentless in our focus and execution. As we performed, the market took notice. PolyOne shares reached an all-time intra-day high stock price of $21.00, and for the year, our share price appreciation
of 77% was nearly six times that of the S&P 500. Over the last three years, PolyOne has outperformed each company in the S&P Mid Cap Chemicals index, in terms of cumulative total return to shareholders.
Each of our three strategic platforms achieved records and performance milestones. Our mix shift strategy continues to accelerate, and in 2012, 45 percent of our operating income was generated from Specialty, versus a mere two percent in 2005. Distribution exceeded $1 billion in revenue for the first time, and more importantly, improved profitability in the process, achieving a new record return on sales of 6.4%. Performance Products & Solutions (PP&S) also achieved a record return on sales of 9.0%. In addition, PP&S led the company in working capital efficiency at 4.6% of sales and did so while maintaining leading levels of customer service, as evidenced by a 96% on- time delivery rate, an all-time high.
inveStmentS, innOvAtiOn AnD
integrAtiOn
We continued to invest strategically in opportunities for innovation, profitable growth, globalization and commercial excellence. These investments included opening new Color facilities in South Korea and South Africa, as well as a Distribution operation in Costa Rica. We also doubled the size of our Innovation Center in Shanghai, China to serve our customers in Asia even more effectively.
As we go to market, it is done with unmatched professionalism and preparation that clearly demonstrates our role as subject matter experts who customers value and trust. We enable this by investing in the best talent, tools, training and resources within our industry, and by collaborating within our commercial team as a natural course of business. For example, we held our first ever Global Sales Meeting in February, bringing together more than 500 PolyOne sales professionals from 34 countries to train, strategize and collaborate with a goal of serving our customers more holistically, across borders and across business units.
With a demonstrated commitment to continuous improvement, our operational performance reached new levels of excellence, largely due to the Lean Six Sigma principles deeply embedded in our culture. The resulting improvements in our operating metrics also
  3

  ANNUAL REPORT 2012
 received prominent recognition by leading institutions and publications, including being named “Best Process Excellence Program” from the International Quality and Productivity Center and ranked 28th in IndustryWeek magazine’s “Top 50 Manufacturing Companies” report. We were also listed among three companies in the chemical sector as “Best in Industry” for working capital performance in the CFO Magazine “2012 CFO/REL Working Capital Scorecard.”
These awards were made possible through our outstanding team of global associates, the force behind all we do at PolyOne. Our exceptional team grew even stronger in 2012, by both developing our bench strength internally and attracting top talent externally. Most notable was the promotion of Bob Patterson from chief financial officer to chief operating officer, where he successfully led the strong performances of our three business platforms, and the hiring of Rich Diemer to replace him as chief financial officer.
Associate talent development and recruiting effectiveness now permeates our organization. Our ability to attract, foster and retain people with the skill sets needed to propel our strategy has never been stronger. Whether we are staffing our leadership development programs with recent college graduates or developing succession plans for executive management positions, we do so with a diligence and rigor that ensures our team is committed to PolyOne’s core values and driven to excel.
2012 was also another significant year in terms of specialty acquisitions. For our ColorMatrix business, which we acquired in December 2011, we focused on effectively integrating its specialty solutions and approach to innovation, while globalizing our footprint with existing resources at PolyOne. As this process continues, there remains additional opportunity to leverage our strengths to further innovate and expand our presence in the marketplace.
In October, we announced an agreement to acquire Spartech Corporation, a leading producer of plastic sheet and rollstock, compounds and packaging solutions. The acquisition represents an exciting expansion in adjacent technologies that serve customers with specialty solutions. To our new associates and shareholders joining PolyOne through Spartech, we welcome you to our growing
and innovative company. As we progress with the integration process, we expect the application of our proven four-pillar strategy will ultimately deliver tremendous value to our stakeholders.
And capping off the year, in December we announced the acquisition of Glasforms, Inc., a leading producer of advanced composite materials. Glasforms provides PolyOne entry into this fast growing and adjacent market with a strong position that we will leverage.
Whether organically growing our existing businesses, integrating prior investments, or broadening our portfolio with new innovations and acquisitions, more than any other year, 2012 exemplified the power of PolyOne’s specialty strategy and its diverse applications from which we derive growth.
A lOOk AHeAD
Even with the breakthrough successes we achieved last year, 2012 was also a year of renewed and bolder goals for PolyOne. In May, we announced aggressive performance targets for 2015, highlighted by a vision to generate $5 billion in revenue and earnings per share of $2.50.
We will progress with the same, proven four-pillar strategy that has been our roadmap for success thus far : Specialization, Globalization, Commercial Excellence and Operational Excellence. These foundational tenets are more than a basis for our decision making; they have become the fabric of who we are...and all that we will become in the future.
On behalf of everyone at PolyOne, thank you for your continued trust in our transformational and proven strategy, and more importantly, in our ability to execute it effectively. I would also like to thank our global associates, management team and Board of Directors. Through our collective efforts, we remain enthusiastic and eager to provide unique solutions that our customers value and that will continue to deliver distinguished performance for our shareholders.
Stephen D. Newlin
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 11, 2013
 4
