  TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Last month marked my first year at PolyOne’s helm. On my first earnings conference call in May 2006, I affirmed what I believed then, and believe even more strongly now: This
company has tremendous opportunities to generate profitable growth in the long term.
Our challenge is to capture these opportunities. We charted our course in the fall of 2006, with a clear vision and focused strategy. Our vision is to be the world’s premier provider of specialized polymer materi- als, services and solutions. We intend to pursue this vision relentlessly and achieve our strategic goals by 2010 – earlier, if possible – with scrupulous attention to the needs of our customers. Growing with them, we anticipate delivering the shareholder value that you expect.
PolyOne is a changing company, as this annual re- port attests. Paging through it, you will see how our businesses are executing our strategy every day. An anonymous sage wrote, “There is no elevator to suc- cess. You have to take the stairs.” I would like to share with you the steps we are taking.
2006 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
We posted record financial results this past year, though we have more to accomplish. In addition to sub- stantial year-over-year gains in sales and earnings, we reached other noteworthy financial milestones.
Including divestment of the Engineered Films busi- ness, we generated more than $100 million in cash for the first time in our history, due largely to more robust earnings and continuing efficiency in our management of working capital, a core competency of PolyOne. The majority of this cash went to pay down our high-cost debt, which we have reduced by approximately $320 million since mid-2003.
Higher earnings and lower debt drove our debt-to- EBITDA leverage ratio down to 2.6, the lowest and best since PolyOne’s formation. We are gratified, but not sat- isfied; our long-term target is 2.0 to 2.5. With a healthy cash position and assured liquidity, we are financially stable and strong.
LAYING THE GROUNDWORK FOR GROWTH
Toward the end of 2006, weaker earnings from our equity joint ventures underscored a fact of which we are keenly aware: We must wean PolyOne from dependence on these cyclical businesses and improve the mix of our earnings.
Our focus is consistent earnings growth in our core operating businesses – those that can create sustain- able value for our shareholders. Delivering on this prom- ise should boost the market value of our stock, ensure that future multiples are based on the performance of these businesses and greatly reduce our exposure to the inherent volatility of the chlor-vinyl commodity cycle.
This mandate reinforces the importance of the new strategy we rolled out companywide last fall, which comprises four core components: specialization, commercial excellence, globalization and operational excellence. This strategy is powering the drive to up- grade the mix of our earnings base.
We didn’t wait for the rollout to commit to ongoing investments and initiatives that align with our strategic goals.
• We added talent and relevant experience to our leadership team. Michael Kahler joined us in the newly created position of senior vice president, commercial development, with responsibility for coordinating plans and integrating strategies for the sales, marketing and technology functions. Working closely with Mike is another highly qualified newcomer, Randy Fortin, vice president of marketing.
Two of our core operating businesses gained new general managers. Joining us were John Van Hulle in North American Color and Additives and Craig Nikrant in North American Engineered Materials. Both are in- dustry veterans with proven leadership skills.
Early in 2007, we welcomed Dr. Cecil Chappelow as our new vice president of research and innovation and chief innovation officer. Cecil will accelerate global innovation of a differentiated, value-creating offering for PolyOne’s customers.
• We began upgrading our sales, marketing and technical talent. Placing good people in critical jobs is essential to driving sustainable growth. We are on track toward our goal of a minimum 100 commercial additions
POLYONE CORPORATION 1

 OUR STRATEGIC GOALS FOR 2010
• Consistent, double-digit income growth in our
core businesses
• Gross margins of 25 percent to
35 percent for specialty business
• 30 percent of revenue from outside North America
• A vitality index of
25 percent – the percentage of total sales attributable
to new products, services or markets developed in the last five years
in 18 months. Beyond recruitment, we are equipping all our commercial employees with the tools to suc- ceed through value-based sales training and coaching programs. With our much-improved financial profile, we have the capability to fund this commitment to human capital. We expect to achieve double-digit earnings growth net of these investments.
• We listened and responded to customers – and captured an early win. Customers told us we had to do better with on-time delivery. We heard them and, as a result, we raised our delivery performance by 7 percent- age points from March 2006 to year’s end, to a level where we are distinguishing PolyOne from competitors. And we’re still improving as we strive to excel in this area of primary importance to our customers.
• We launched Lean Six Sigma across PolyOne, after a successful implementation in our Vinyl Busi- ness unit. With proven processes, our employees are addressing long-standing problems on the spot, and are energized about helping our customers succeed. The voice of our customers is guiding us to focus our initia- tives on the areas of greatest value to them.
• The pace of our global expansion quickened. Nowhere has our global growth strategy been more con- vincingly validated than in Asia, where revenues grew 29 percent and earnings doubled in 2006 compared with the prior year.
We announced our intent to begin producing vinyl compounds in China by agreeing to acquire the assets and operations of Ngai Hing PlastChem Company Ltd., including a vinyl compound plant in Guangdong prov- ince. This facility will be our fourth manufacturing site in China, where our Shenzhen plant is an unqualified success. In 2007, we will add two lines in Shenzhen and two more lines at our color compounding plant in Thailand.
In another move to support our global customers and explore opportunities in high-growth markets, we opened a business development office in Mumbai, India. We also signed an agreement with a strong partner in South Korea who will distribute high-value engineered materials products and services for us.
In Kutno, Poland, we broke ground for a color manu- facturing plant to meet burgeoning customer demand in the Eastern European market. We expect this facility will commence operations in the summer of 2007.
As we enlarged our global footprint outside North America, we opened a state-of-the-art engineered mate- rials facility in Avon Lake, Ohio, to formulate and produce primarily specialty products for our customers.
CLEAR VISION, FOCUSED STRATEGY
Underpinning these tactics is a transformational strategy comprising four key strategic pillars:
Specialization shifts the basis of competition to dif- ferentiation from cost/commodity. PolyOne has the will and capability to become a differentiated, high value- added solutions provider to existing and prospective customers. We possess an in-depth knowledge of poly- mers, formulations and polymer processing that we can leverage to create a unique value proposition based on a clear understanding of how we can help our customers become more competitive.
By innovating and redirecting our strategic focus to the most attractive market segments, we will earn a premium for the value we provide. Success will trans- late to margin, profit and earnings improvements and drive sustainable, profitable growth.
Commercial excellence makes us more competitive in the marketplace. It covers a full spectrum of market- focused activities: adding sales, marketing and innova- tion resources; developing their skills with the proper training; revamping our internal process to develop and bring to market value-added products and services that provide unique benefits to our customers.
At its heart, commercial excellence is a game changer that positions us to offer our customers the value and solutions that will help them achieve their growth and profit improvement objectives. We will not rest until we have the most satisfied customers in our industr y.
Globalization positions us to benefit from our geo- graphic reach, a clear competitive advantage. Demand for our products and knowledge is growing rapidly in many regions of the world. As our customers migrate to new geographies, they want leading global partners who can ensure them a consistent standard of perform- ance. PolyOne is uniquely positioned to capture the globalization of its customer base.
We have proved that we know how to manage global expansion. Our Shenzhen, China, facility turned a profit in its first year, and we anticipate continuing
2 POLYONE CORPORATION

double-digit sales and earnings increases from our in- ternational business. As we seize new opportunities in high-growth global markets, we are prioritizing our focus on Asia and Eastern Europe.
Operational excellence is a never-ending quest for improvement to answer the voice of our customers. Although it sounds internally focused, operational ex- cellence is all about strengthening our capabilities to deliver value flawlessly to our customers. It challenges us to enhance productivity, profitability and efficiency in all phases of our business, from safety to quality to waste elimination to environmental stewardship.
It also assumes action: As soon as a flawed pro- cess is identified, it is fixed. Our improved delivery performance and effective management of working capital are successful outcomes of the pursuit of operational excellence. Through this initiative, we are shaping a results-oriented culture in which everyone at every level is empowered to make positive changes to improve our business and serve customers better.
Linking all four of our strategic components is a common theme: our steadfast commitment to understanding what customers value, then tirelessly deploying our resources to deliver advantage to them.
A Japanese proverb holds that “Vision without action is a dream. Action without vision is a nightmare.” I believe we have combined the best of both spheres: Our strategy is straightforward and logical, and our vision is attainable. We expect to generate long-term, profitable growth because we will deliver value to our customers and out-hustle our competitors as we execute our strategy and pursue our aspiration to be the world’s premier provider of specialized polymer materials, services and solutions.
PROFITABLE GROWTH THROUGH CUSTOMER FOCUS
With a clear new direction, we are transforming PolyOne. It will take time, but already we have achieved some early wins. Our progress will become increas- ingly evident as higher-value new business growth rates escalate and stronger earnings translate into increased shareholder value. We are excited about our future and the opportunity we are creating for PolyOne shareholders.
We have experienced people and a strengthened management group that is leading this team as we execute our strategy.
And, we have something beyond the requisite skill sets: We have our hearts in this mission of profitable growth through customer focus. Such intensity can’t be taught – but it can make all the difference.
In closing, I wish to acknowledge our Board of Directors, whose counsel and encouragement have been vital to me. I also want to thank you, our share- holders, and invite you to continue with us on this journey. We look forward to sharing the rewards with you as we take those steps toward success.
Stephen D. Newlin
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 12, 2007
  POLYONE CORPORATION 3
