 Dear Fellow Shareholders,
I am pleased to report that PHI’s strategy of focusing on a low-risk, stable, power delivery business, complemented by our growing competitive energy business is creating value for shareholders. Executing on our strategy has enabled us to deliver steady cash flow, a stronger balance sheet and an improved total return. Significantly, in January, for the first time since Pepco Holdings’ creation, our Board of Directors declared a dividend increase. Since the merger, we’ve delivered on our commitment to create value by:
• Paying down over $1 billion in debt, leading to an improved equity ratio of 41.8 percent at the end of 2005;
• Divesting non-strategic businesses and assets;
• Managing our way through the Mirant bankruptcy;
• Investing nearly $1.3 billion in our utility infrastructure;
• Integrating our operating utilities to increase efficiency and lower costs;
• Developing an expanding and profitable commercial and industrial energy commodity business; and
• Successfully managing our wholesale energy business through a cyclical downturn and positioning it for market recovery.
I will provide further details on our progress in this letter.
2005 Results of Operations Improve
PHI had a successful year in 2005 with consolidated earnings of $371.2 million, or $1.96 per share, compared to $260.6 million, or $1.48 per share, in 2004.
Our power delivery business continues to achieve consistent results and, as planned, generates the majority of our earnings. In 2005, these earnings were boosted by warmer summer weather. Pepco Energy Services, our competitive retail arm, saw very favorable results driven primarily by an increase in retail electric load, and Conectiv Energy, our wholesale energy business, performed well despite a difficult market.
Lower interest expense and a number of special items in 2005 helped our earnings performance. Pepco, our Washington, D.C.-based utility, sold excess non-utility land located in the District of Columbia in August 2005 with an after-tax gain of about $40 million. In addition, Pepco sold its allowed claim in the Mirant Corporation bankruptcy proceeding for a cash payment of $112.4 million in December 2005. We
Proxy Statement and
2005 Annual Report to Shareholders
 LettertoShareholders .......... CoverPage
Notice of 2006 Annual Meeting andProxyStatement ......... 1
Policy on the Approval of Services
Provided by the Independent
Auditor .................... A-1
2005 Annual Report to
Shareholders ............... B-1
• Business of the Company B-8
 • Management’s Discussion and
Analysis .................... B-18
• Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures.................. B-76
• Consolidated Financial
Statements .................. B-80
Board of Directors and Officers . . . . B-148 InvestorInformation ............ B-149

anticipate that customers under existing gain- sharing arrangements will receive slightly more than $40 million of that amount. The remaining after-tax proceeds of about $42 million were recorded as earnings in 2005.
Excluding all special items, earnings would have been $287.8 million or $1.52 per share in 2005, compared to $273.6 million, or $1.56 per share in 2004. The 2005 per-share amount is diluted by 14 cents as a result of equity we issued in September 2004.
Forbes magazine affirmed our progress in January 2006 by naming PHI to Forbes Platinum 400, an exclusive list of America’s “Best Big Companies.” PHI was ranked against its industry peers in the areas of sales and earnings growth, stock market returns, debt to total capital and forecasts for continued earnings growth.
We are Meeting Industry Challenges
During 2005, we saw the continued evolution of the utility industry, shaped by events such as the passage of the Energy Policy Act and rising fuel prices.
The Energy Policy Act, enacted in August 2005, was the most comprehensive energy legislation in more than a decade. The Act mandated standards for electric reliability that are enforceable by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) through a national Electric Reliability Organization, a move which we have been actively supporting. It also contained provisions designed to provide incentives for transmission investment and to expedite siting of transmission lines. This is central to PHI as we have a number of key transmission projects either under way or planned over the next several years. Overall, the Energy Policy Act was a good step forward, but how far forward won’t be known until all the additional regulations to implement the Act are fully developed.
Rising Energy Prices Present Challenges
In the forefront of our customers’ and regulators’ minds are rising energy prices. In 2006,
PHI’s Delaware customers will become the final PHI customer group to complete the transition to market pricing of electricity supply as rate caps expire in that state.
Since 1999, when deregulation laws were passed and rates were frozen, the cost of the primary fuels used to produce electricity has increased dramatically—delivered coal prices have almost doubled; crude oil prices have almost tripled; and natural gas prices have quadrupled. In Delaware, according to rules established by the Delaware Public Service Commission, in 2006 we bid out 100 percent of Delmarva Power’s Delaware default supply load. Because of the increase in fuel prices, the average residential bill is expected to increase by 59 percent.
Customers in other PHI jurisdictions have moved to market-priced electricity supply over the past two years. Because we have been competitively bidding multiple contracts with staggered expiration dates, the impact of rising energy prices has been somewhat diffused in these jurisdictions.
We recognize that significant increases in energy bills can cause hardship for our customers. As a result, we presented a wide-ranging proposal to the Delaware regulatory commission to help ease the impact of rising energy prices, which includes a three step phase-in of rates for residential and small commercial customers over a 13-month period. Similarly, in Maryland, we have proposed programs to help stabilize rates. We also are launching a comprehensive energy conservation program in all our jurisdictions to help customers reduce their energy usage.
Expiration of Delivery Rate Caps is Drawing Near
In our Maryland and District of Columbia service areas, we are preparing rate cases in anticipation of delivery rate caps being lifted in December 2006 and August 2007, respectively. In Delaware, we have a base-rate case pending. Because of these cases, we foresee a period of continued high regulatory activity, as we seek to
ii

include in rates the costs associated with doing business and a reasonable rate of return for building a reliable infrastructure to serve our customers.
The regulatory process will not be devoid of hurdles, but I believe PHI’s history of constructive regulatory relationships, strengthened by our return to the heritage utility brands, will result in a balanced outcome for our customers and shareholders.
We had several successful regulatory outcomes in 2005. Our Atlantic City Electric utility settled a New Jersey rate case, which resulted in an annual pre-tax earnings increase of $20 million. We also reached a settlement that clears the way for us to proceed with the auction of the B.L. England generating station which, if not sold, we plan to retire in 2007.
Stock Performance and Equity Ratio Improve
As I noted earlier, we have made real progress in strengthening our balance sheet and executing on the operational front. As you may recall, the Mirant bankruptcy issues have been a concern to both equity and debt analysts. Now that most of the issues associated with Mirant’s bankruptcy are being resolved in our favor, our stock price is improving and in 2005 tracked higher than other Standard & Poor’s Midcap Utilities. In addition, at the end of 2005 we were in the top 10 of our peer group for stock yield.
I am particularly pleased with the pace with which we have paid down our debt. Our goal has been to improve our equity ratio by reducing debt by $1.3 billion during the 2003-2007 period. Through 2005, we paid down over $1.1 billion of debt and expect to reach our 2007 goal. As a result of these actions, the issuance of common equity in 2004, and earnings growth in 2005, our equity ratio has been steadily rising and we’re on target to achieve a ratio in the mid 40 percent range by the end of 2007.
During 2005, we significantly improved our investor relations efforts, meeting more routinely with investors and providing more transparency to
PHI. We believe Wall Street and our rating agencies now have a much better understanding of PHI’s strategy, and these efforts, along with delivering good financial results, have been reflected in our stock price.
Prudent Investments Drive Expansion of Utility Rate Base
We believe our balance sheet progress is sustainable, even with higher capital expenditures. That’s because our investments are prudent and focused—aimed to improve reliability, meet load growth and enhance customer service. Over the next five years, we plan to invest $2.4 billion in our utility infrastructure. About $540 million of this investment will be in transmission, including projects to replace electricity supply from B.L. England, and enhance reliability of electric service in the District of Columbia. In addition, we are building a 230 kilovolt line in Delaware which spans most of the length of the state. These investments lay the groundwork for the future and build our utility rate base.
Increased Dividend Reflects Strengthened Performance
I have said consistently that we would raise the dividend when appropriate to reflect improvement in our financial performance. Our growth in earnings, steady pay down of debt, and ability to manage costs while funding new investments, among other measures, have all combined to improve the balance sheet significantly and enabled your Board to declare in January 2006 a 4 percent increase in the annual dividend rate. Importantly, progress in all these areas is a testament to our strong and predictable cash flow.
A Look to the Future
I am encouraged by the future of our businesses. Utility sales are growing at a steady rate. The higher electrical system load, paired with record summer heat, produced all-time peak demand for electricity in each of our service areas in July 2005. The system performed well,
iii

demonstrating our infrastructure planning, investment and maintenance are on track. In addition, we held a comprehensive emergency preparedness drill that tested our Incident Command System for handling large-scale outages, potential threats to the Company’s reputation and other crisis situations.
In the face of escalating energy prices and consumer expectations, customer satisfaction remained steady. To serve our customers better, we are pursuing a strategy of operational excellence that focuses on enhancing information to customers; improving the accuracy of estimated restoration times and increasing community involvement which is so pivotal to our success.
Our utility business also is ramping up its productivity improvement efforts to enhance operational efficiencies and reduce costs. Extended labor agreements successfully negotiated over the past 18 months support our cost containment and productivity goals.
In our competitive energy businesses, I expect enhanced growth and value as well. Our wholesale energy business performed well through a cyclical downturn and is competitively positioned as the regional wholesale market begins to recover. We managed the challenges by engaging in a successful hedging strategy, reducing risk, increasing fuel storage capacity and leveraging our unique generation assets and our expertise.
In the retail arena, our commercial and industrial load continues to grow and the business is expanding into a number of new regions outside of the mid-Atlantic area. Performance continues to improve. The business now ranks sixth nationally in electric retail competitive energy supply.
Our Employees and Directors Make the Difference
None of our successes could have been accomplished without our valued employees, who often go the extra mile in the community serving
customers and helping the environment, the homeless or other admirable causes. I am particularly proud of our crews’ safe and selfless performance in the Gulf Coast region, where many employees traveled to restore electricity to hurricane victims. In addition, many of our employees made monetary, material and other contributions to those affected by the hurricanes.
I am pleased by the continued recognition by outside entities of our diversity focus. In 2005, PHI was recognized by Fortune and Black Enterprise magazines as a top employer for minorities; by AARP for employing individuals age 50 and older; by the Veteran’s Business Journal as one of the “Top 10 Corporate Supplier Diversity Programs” for veteran-owned businesses and by Asian American Business Roundtable as the “2005 Corporate Small Business Advocate.”
I would like to acknowledge your Board of Directors who in 2005 took a very active role in assessing PHI’s strategy. Your Board provides strong oversight in governance and performance management, and I applaud their talent and commitment.
Overall, 2005 was a good year. Our total return to investors, balance sheet and cash flow each improved and I expect continued improvement in the future. PHI remains a very good value with a stable, regulated delivery business focus supported by a profitable and growing competitive business segment. We look forward to embracing this future and providing our shareholders with enhanced value.
Sincerely,
Dennis R. Wraase
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer March 30, 2006
 iv
