 Dear Fellow Shareholders,
I am pleased to report that in 2007 Pepco Holdings, Inc. (PHI) continued to make significant progress executing its strategic plan. We received approval to move forward with a $1 billion transmission project, completed four distribution base rate cases, implemented a revenue decoupling mechanism in Maryland, advanced our Blueprint for the Future programs in all jurisdictions we serve, and commenced expansion of our state-of-the-art generation fleet.
Financially, we had a solid year with earnings amounting to $334.2 million, or $1.72 per share, compared to $248.3 million, or $1.30 per share, in 2006. PHI stock significantly outperformed the average of its peers, and over the past three years the company has provided shareholders a 56 percent total return. In addition, in January 2008 our Board of Directors declared a 4 percent increase in the annual dividend rate, increasing the dividend to $1.08 on an annual basis.
These results reflect strong performances from all of our businesses, continued confidence in our long- term outlook, and execution of our carefully developed strategic plan, which is focused on delivering steady long-term earnings and dividend growth.
Focusing on Energy Efficiency
About a year ago, I announced a new focus on creating a greener energy future based on advanced digital technologies and customer-focused energy- efficiency programs. We call it our “Blueprint for the Future,” and it serves as our guide for partnering with
customers and addressing their concerns around high energy costs, power reliability, customer service and a clean environment.
The Blueprint plan includes simple conservation steps we can offer now, and others that will require time and investment, including installing advanced metering, communication systems and distribution automation technologies. All are needed if we are to meet customers’ energy needs and do our part to mitigate climate change, a critical issue that has significantly changed our strategic operating environment.
Our commitment to the environment goes beyond our customer focus. For example, we are working to reduce the environmental impact of company operations by transforming our fleet to environmentally friendly alternative vehicles and fuels such as hybrids and bio-diesel; placing solar panels atop substations to help supply conventional station service; and installing energy-efficiency measures in selected company facilities. We also are monitoring and supporting next-generation technologies, such as fuel cells and vehicle-to-grid capabilities, which hold promise for longer-term solutions to our country’s energy efficiency and conservation needs.
In September, I joined seven of my colleagues in New York City to announce PHI’s partnership with the Clinton Global Initiative, and earlier in the year, while addressing industry and government leaders at GridWeek, I announced that PHI had joined IBM’s Intelligent Utility Network Coalition. Both efforts are focused on solving national energy problems—the Clinton Initiative by reducing
Proxy Statement and
2007 Annual Report to Shareholders
 LettertoShareholders ........... CoverPage
Notice of 2008 Annual Meeting and ProxyStatement .............. 1
Policy on the Approval of Services
Provided by the Independent
Auditor .................... A-1
2007 Annual Report to
Shareholders ................. B-1
 •BusinessoftheCompany .............. B-8
• Management’s Discussion and Analysis . . . B-19
• Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures aboutMarketRisk ................... B-78
• Consolidated Financial Statements . . . . . . . B-84 BoardofDirectorsandOfficers ........... B-157
InvestorInformation ................... B-158

greenhouse gas emissions through energy efficiency, and the IBM Coalition by accelerating the adoption of advanced utility technologies to modernize the electric grid.
In addition, we are taking the lead in the Environmental Protection Agency’s National Action Plan for Energy Efficiency, a broad-based group that is making plans and recommendations to meet the challenges of high energy prices, energy security and independence, air pollution and global climate change.
Preparing for the Future
Engaging in national energy policy efforts is essential because government actions will have a great impact on the utility industry. Climate change legislation is moving through Congress that will likely establish a carbon cap and trade regime. States we serve are joining the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, which sets carbon limits and aggressive goals to reduce energy use. Increased costs associated with pollution controls may lead to the retirement of some older coal-fired power plants, and legislators are beginning to mandate ever higher renewable generation portfolios.
According to the Electric Power Research Institute, if every U.S. utility implemented its energy efficiency programs, carbon emissions could be reduced nine percent by 2030. This falls short of what experts agree is needed. Energy efficiency measures must be supplemented by renewable generating sources, nuclear power, advanced coal technologies, increased transmission capacity, carbon capture and distributed generation strategies.
While governments seek to reduce energy use, consumers—reliant on an increasingly digital world— are demanding more power and service reliability. Globally, utility investment in plant and equipment is rapidly expanding. This has led to increasing cost pressures as material and human resources become constrained. It also has led to utility consolidation in Europe and the possibility of increased mergers in the U.S. as utilities seek to leverage access to scarce resources.
With this background, we developed strategies to position PHI to be successful no matter what the future holds. Investment in the transmission and delivery infrastructure is required under any future scenario, and that supports our low-risk, stable return utility business. We strive to maintain constructive regulatory relationships; provide a high degree of reliability for the robust service area that we serve; and we continue to improve our balance sheet. Our fleet of power plants is among the cleanest in the
nation. We have a solid plan for continued growth in all our businesses and for playing a role in helping to solve the energy challenges before us.
Growing our Core Investments
Over the next five years, we plan to invest substantially in utility infrastructure, which will drive our power delivery business and likely double our rate base. Investment in our Blueprint for the Future alone will exceed $500 million.
A major part of our infrastructure plan is our 500-kilovolt Mid-Atlantic Power Pathway (MAPP) transmission project, which PJM, our regional independent grid operator, approved in October 2007. MAPP is designed to relieve congestion in southern Maryland and on the Delmarva Peninsula. The line will originate in Virginia, cross the Potomac River into southern Maryland, then go under the Chesapeake Bay to the Delmarva Peninsula and extend north through the Peninsula to southern New Jersey.
MAPP constitutes a significant $1 billion investment, but even so, over the next five years more than 70 percent of our utility construction expenditures will be driven by reliability investments in transmission and distribution assets needed because of load growth, aging equipment and retiring power plants.
Adding Value Through Competitive Energy
Our strategic wholesale and retail energy businesses provide important complementary value to the transmission and distribution companies that comprise PHI’s core business. In 2007, Conectiv Energy’s gross margin increased $64 million and played a key role in supplementing utility earnings. Near-term business risks have been significantly reduced as plant output has been substantially hedged for the next two years.
The wholesale business holds a sustainable competitive advantage in PJM due to its favorable plant locations, flexible and dual-fueled combined cycle plants, intimate knowledge of the market and ability to economically expand its fleet.
To that point, we are modestly growing our generation business at Conectiv Energy, with two projects currently under way. In New Jersey, we are building the Cumberland Project, a 100-megawatt, dual-fuel combustion turbine that will begin commercial operation in early 2009. This is a flexible and efficient unit that will help meet growing peak demand in the Atlantic City area.
ii

Our Delta Project, a 545-megawatt combined cycle plant that will be located at a new site in Delta, Pennsylvania, will be the first new combined cycle generation project in Eastern PJM in over five years. Conectiv Energy has substantial recent design and construction experience building similar plants on schedule and within budget. The business risk associated with this project has been significantly reduced by a “tolling agreement” with a third party that has agreed to purchase the plant’s output over its first six years of operation.
I am proud to say that Pepco Energy Services, PHI’s retail energy business, is now the fourth largest electricity retail marketer in the U.S. Contract signings in 2007 remained strong, coming off a record 2006 level. The business serves almost 4,300 megawatts of load, an increase of 21 percent over 2006, as it continues to expand in markets such as Illinois, New York, and Massachusetts.
Pepco Energy Services also is active in the energy-efficiency business and renewable energy supply. For example, the company is partnering with Virginia Tech to form the Energy Efficiency Partnership of Greater Washington with the goal of conducting energy audits and infrastructure retrofits for commercial facilities throughout the Washington area. This effort combines efficiency and renewable energy sources to offset between 20 to 50 percent of a facility’s load.
Management Transition
On September 1, 2007, Thomas S. Shaw retired as PHI’s Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer after more than 36 years of service. Tom was instrumental in implementing the Conectiv/ Pepco merger in 2002, and subsequently led integration efforts to forge common values, systems and processes. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I thank Tom for his dedicated and outstanding service.
Succeeding Tom as President and Chief Operating Officer of PHI is Joseph M. Rigby. In his new role, Joe has responsibility for the regulated utility subsidiaries, the competitive energy businesses, and PHI’s information technology and corporate communications groups. Joe has strong operating experience having served as Vice President of Gas and Electric Delivery at Conectiv, and President of Conectiv Power Delivery. He most recently served for three years as PHI’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, during which time he led the
development of our strategic plan and greatly enhanced PHI’s outreach to the financial community.
Succeeding Joe as Chief Financial Officer is Paul H. Barry, who previously was Senior Vice President and Chief Development Officer of Duke Energy, where he was responsible for corporate development including mergers and acquisitions. Paul also gained experience at General Electric, CBS (formerly Westinghouse), and Amoco, and is an alumnus of GE’s highly regarded Financial Management Program and Corporate Audit Staff.
These executive changes provide for continued focus on delivering excellent service to our customers and solid return to our shareholders.
An Attractive Investment
Over the past year, PHI reached many important milestones: inclusion in the S&P 500; completion of rate cases in the District of Columbia, Delaware and Maryland; approval of our new Mid-Atlantic Power Pathway project; the filing of our Blueprint for the Future plans in all the jurisdictions we serve and initiation of our generation fleet expansion.
This progress, along with our strong fundamentals, makes PHI an attractive investment. Our core regulated transmission and distribution utility business provides a stable earnings base, our earnings growth potential is expanding across all of our businesses, and we offer a secure and growing dividend.
I want to thank PHI’s Board of Directors, which has provided expert leadership and support, as the company executes its plan to provide premier energy delivery and competitive energy services in the mid-Atlantic region.
On December 4, 2007, PHI rang the closing bell at the New York Stock Exchange celebrating 60 years on the Exchange. PHI’s future looks bright, and I want to thank PHI’s shareholders for their continued confidence in our company, strategic direction and ability to deliver long-term earnings and dividend growth.
Sincerely,
Dennis R. Wraase Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer March 27, 2008
 iii
