               LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS1
PPG delivered a strong performance in 2005. We reported record sales of $10.2 billion,
plus 10 of our 15 businesses posted annual sales records. We generated strong cash flow, with more than $1 billion in cash from operations. We maintained our tradition of rewarding shareholders, increasing dividend payments for the 34th consecutive year, now at an annual rate of $1.88 per share. Also, we repurchased approximately $600 million of PPG stock. And we continued to invest in our company, with capital spending of $379 million, including $91 million in acquisitions.
We recorded net income of $596 million, or $3.49 per share, including aftertax charges totaling $180 million, or $1.05 a share, as described in the financial highlights. Our results benefited from a strong chlor-alkali market as well as continued growth in optical products and aerospace, architectural and Asian coatings. In 2004 we recorded net income of $683 million, or $3.95 a share, including aftertax charges totaling
$19 million, or 11 cents a share. Sales were $9.5 billion.
Our accomplishments in 2005 were noteworthy given the substantial increases in energy and raw material costs throughout the company as well as the impact the U.S. hurricanes had on our chemicals businesses.
In 2005 my predecessor, Ray LeBoeuf, retired after nearly 25 years with the company, the last eight as chairman and chief executive officer. Under Ray’s leadership, PPG grew in size and strength. Also in 2005 we welcomed to our board of directors Hugh Grant, chairman, president and chief executive officer of Monsanto.
Worthy of special recognition in 2005 are the employees of our Lake Charles, La., chemicals complex. They worked tirelessly and under difficult circumstances to restore our largest chemicals site after being hit by Hurricane Rita in September. Their dedication and spirit were truly inspirational.
Looking to the future, our continued ability to meet the challenges facing our company relies on success in accelerating the growth of sales and earnings, and strengthening our businesses through leadership and innovation. We are committed to leading in the markets and technologies in which we compete, with an emphasis on providing innovative products and services. We believe this combination of growth, leadership and innovation creates an environment that fosters growth for shareholders as well as employees, customers and suppliers.
In 2006, we expect energy and raw material costs will continue to challenge us. So will demanding conditions in some of the markets we serve. As a result, we will supplement ongoing initiatives to reduce manufacturing and overhead costs through continuous improvement with additional actions, such as the restructuring plans we are now finalizing that are expected to result in a first quarter 2006 charge in the range of $50 million to $70 million pretax.
However, we are well-positioned for both organic growth and acquisitions in 2006, taking advantage of our strong balance sheet and consistently strong cash flow. With a focus on growth, leadership, innovation and, of course, your ongoing support, I’m confident our company has the ability to continue reaching new heights.
CHARLES E. BUNCH
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
We are committed to leading in the markets and technologies in which we compete, with an emphasis on providing innovative products and services. CHARLES E. BUNCH
            5 | 2005 PPG ANNUAL REPORT AND FORM 10-K
At left, PPG’s executive committee, clockwise from top: Charles E. Bunch, chairman and chief executive officer; William H. Hernandez, senior vice president, finance; and James C. Diggs, senior vice president, general counsel and secretary.
               054006.qxd  3/20/06  10:53 AM  Page 5
