      Letter fIrom the Chairman
n 2011, PPG delivered record full-year earnings per share
of $6.87. This represents an increase of 48 percent over 2010 and easily establishes a new record for the company. Net income also was a record at $1.1 billion, an increase of 42 percent over last year. Earnings per share in each quarter of the year eclipsed prior quarter records by an average of about 20 percent. And sales for the year were $14.9 billion, an increase of 11 percent over 2010.
This strong performance was achieved despite global growth rates that were uneven by region and varied by industry. More importantly, these results demonstrate that our mission to continue to be the world’s leading coatings and specialty products company, supported by our strategic initiatives to pursue profitable growth and drive operational excellence, is clearly yielding results.
Our actions to extend PPG’s geographic footprint and broaden end-use market exposure contributed greatly to our performance in 2011. We delivered double-digit percentage sales increases in each major global region. PPG also posted higher earnings in each region on the strength of improved results in each of the company’s six reporting segments, including excellent performance in our businesses serving the aerospace, automotive and general industrial market segments.
During the year, PPG made progress toward many of our strategic initiatives. As a result, PPG’s segment margins improved to 13.6 percent, up from 12.8 percent in 2010, and we maintained our margin leadership in the coatings industry. Each of our 13 business units delivered higher pricing, and we gained market share in several end- use markets by leveraging our leading technologies and customer service. This enabled us to counter the impact of persistent inflation in raw materials costs. We also reduced our manufacturing costs during the year beyond the already low cost structure we achieved by implementing our 2008 and 2009 restructuring programs.
We continued to strengthen our business both organically and through acquisitions. Among other projects, we completed construction of a new resin manufacturing facility in Zhangjiagang, China, and expanded our waterborne
coatings manufacturing facility in Tianjin, China. We also announced four acquisitions: Equa-Chlor, a chlor-alkali producer in the western United States; Dyrup, a European architectural coatings and wood care business; Ducol, a South African automotive refinish company; and Colpisa, a Colombian automotive coatings producer.
PPG maintained its long tradition of rewarding shareholders in 2011 by returning $1.2 billion, or about 85 percent of the cash we generated from operations, in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We are proud to have paid uninterrupted annual dividends since 1899, and 2011 marked the 40th consecutive year that we increased our annual dividend payout. Additionally, the 10.2 million shares of PPG stock we repurchased for about $850 million marked the highest annual level in the company’s history. Notwithstanding this amplified level of cash deployment, we still ended the year with about $1.5 billion of cash and short-term investments that will provide us with the strength and flexibility to fund growth initiatives in 2012.
In addition to our record financial performance, 2011 was an excellent year for PPG by nearly every other measure. True to our “Blueprint” values, we made significant progress on many of our ethics; environment, health and safety; and community engagement programs. In 2011, we revised our Global Code of Ethics to make it even stronger. For the second consecutive year, we reduced our spill and release rate and maintained our low level of injuries and illnesses across the corporation. And, we expanded our community and social responsibility initiatives on a global scale. You can read more about this work in our Corporate Sustainability Report Update, which will be published this April.
Looking ahead, we anticipate a mixed economic backdrop in 2012. We expect moderate strengthening in the U.S. economy supported by an enhanced global cost position in the industrial sector due to lower regional natural gas prices. The European region will likely remain very challenging. In the aggregate, growth in the emerging regions is expected to remain high compared to developed regions but more moderate and erratic than it has been in the past.
As we deal with these uncertainties, we intend to manage our businesses in the same proactive and disciplined manner we always have. We will continue to emphasize our principles of operational excellence and our legacy of ensuring that our cost structure is appropriate for end-market demand levels. We plan to implement price increases in many of our businesses to offset the cost inflation we have already absorbed in 2011. Finally, we aim to continue to prudently deploy our strong cash position toward earnings accretion and rewarding shareholders, and we are targeting to end 2012 with a cash balance of less than $1 billion.
Like most years, 2012 will present unanticipated challenges. However, given our strong performance over the past several years, I’m confident that our strategy and execution remain sound and will enable us not only to overcome these obstacles but to continue to create value for our shareholders.
Charles E. Bunch
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  2
        2011 PPG INDUSTRIES ANNUAL REPORT
 