LETTER FROM THE CHAIRMAN
By most measures, 2006 was an outstanding year for PPG. We reached many new heights, and worked to position the company for even greater achievements in the coming years.
Our sales this year grew 8 percent, reaching a level the company has never seen before, topping
$11 billion. This is the fourth consecutive year we delivered sales growth between 7 and 9 percent.
Earnings in 2006 were $711 million, or $4.27 per share. Our earnings in the previous year were $596 million, or $3.49 per share.
In 2006, PPG demonstrated solid execution of its growth strategy. In fact, we realized organic sales growth in many of our businesses and in all regions. In addition, this was one of the most acquisitive years in the company’s history. The acquisitions we made this year represented approximately half of our sales growth. In 2007, we expect these acquisitions to add between $700 and $800 million in sales annually and to return meaningful operating earnings.
All of which is well and good. But what is, and will remain, critical for PPG is not so much our ability to acquire businesses, but more our ability to integrate them in a manner that furthers our profitable growth and enhances the value we provide to customers and shareholders. Leveraging our acquisitions to further drive growth is a top priority for PPG in 2007.
2006 presented us with some significant challenges. Energy costs continued to be stubbornly high and volatile, and coatings raw material costs continued to escalate. In addition, we continue to manage legacy issues common to companies of our age and heritage. I’m proud to say, however, that PPG continues to be successful in spite of these obstacles through our strong tradition of operational excellence, combined with decisive steps we have taken in many of our businesses.
PPG’s 2006 financial results demonstrate our ability to consistently deliver profitable growth. In addition, our pursuit of growth is laying the foundation for accelerated earnings and, most importantly, increased shareholder value in the future. What’s more, beginning with this report, PPG is providing its results in five business segments, as opposed to our traditional three, in order to provide enhanced clarity about our performance.
The coming year will no doubt present us with even more challenges. Change, fluctuation and inconsistency will likely continue to be the hallmarks of the dynamic global economy in which we compete.
Yet, what will certainly remain constant is the work ethic, dedication and ingenuity of PPG’s people.
A small representation of their recent achievements is featured in the pages that follow. For the employees spotlighted in this report — and for all of PPG’s nearly 33,000 employees around the world — growth, leadership and innovation are not management “buzzwords.” They are goals and values that our employees take to heart as they go about their work each day. And it is through their collective efforts that PPG is delivering on its commitments.
They are why I believe, and I hope you agree, that PPG’s strategy is sound, our execution remains solid, and our company continues to be worthy of your interest and investment.
CHARLES E. BUNCH
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 3
