INNOVATION

SUSTAINABILITY

Letter from the Chairman
Thanks to our customers and employees throughout the world, 2013 was one of the most successful years in our company's 130-year history, both financially and strategically.
PPG achieved record full-year results with each major region delivering earnings records. Our sales from continuing operations of $15.1 billion were up 12 percent from the prior year and adjusted earnings per diluted share from continuing operations were an all-time high of $8.28. Our continued strong operating performance and earnings growth from our cash deployment were major contributors to our year-over-year earnings growth. We delivered record cash flow from continuing operations of about $1.8 billion, up 15 percent versus the prior year, and received $900 million in cash proceeds from the separation of our commodity chemicals business. Our cash deployment in 2013 remained balanced with a total of $1.5 billion utilized to grow the company through acquisitions and capital spending. Additionally, we returned $1.35 billion to our shareholders with $1.0 billion in stock repurchases and $345 million in dividends, including an increase in our annual per-share dividend payout for the 42nd consecutive year. PPG also took several significant strategic actions during 2013 to further focus our business portfolio on coatings and specialty materials and create additional value for PPG shareholders, including: We've entered 2014 as the world's largest coatings company, and are well positioned to maintain our leadership in this growing global market. As we look forward, a key focus is to achieve further growth in each of our businesses and regions. To help drive our growth, we are continuing to evaluate potential acquisitions, are expanding our organic capital funding, including several key projects like a new coatings manufacturing facility in Russia, are emphasizing our new product development pipeline, and are investing more in PPG's brands. Over the next 18 -to- 24 months, we anticipate deploying between $3.0 billion and $4.0 billion of cash in a disciplined manner on incremental earnings growth initiatives, including returning cash to our shareholders. As PPG continues to transform and grow, we will maintain our commitments to safety and ethical behavior, our focus on diversity and inclusion, and our dedication to sustainable business practices. PPG's reputation for honesty, fairness and integrity is one of our most important and valuable assets, and we continue to make these values a priority in our day-to-day operations. Thank you for your continued interest in PPG, and I believe the future looks bright as we continue to grow our businesses around the world.

· · · ·

Successfully separated our former commodity chemicals business; Completed the purchase and integration of AkzoNobel's North American architectural coatings business; Acquired the Deft aerospace coatings business; and Reached an agreement to divest PPG's 51 percent ownership interest in the Transitions Optical joint venture.

These strategic actions and our record financial performance in 2013 were rewarded by the equity market with an all-time record stock price. PPG's year-end stock price increased more than 40 percent versus the prior year-end, appreciating significantly above our peers and the U.S. market indices.

Charles E. Bunch Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

2013 PPG Annual Report and Form 10-K

1

