                Letter from the Chairman
Clearly, the state of the global economy in 2009 created uncertainty and posed significant challenges for many companies. PPG was not immune to the global recession, which was both steep and broad. What’s more, many of our end-use markets, such as automotive and construction, were significantly and adversely affected by the deterioration of the economy and the global financial crisis that began at the end of 2008 and continued through the year in 2009.
At PPG, we responded to this heavy turbulence quickly and decisively. And, as our 2009 financial results confirm, we responded correctly.
First, we shifted our priorities to respond to the difficult economic conditions. We placed greater emphasis on operating discipline. We worked to leverage our global technological and manufacturing capabilities to the most efficient use of the entire company. And, we keyed in on costs, margins, working capital and cash flow.
Second, we embarked on several aggressive restructuring initiatives
to reshape our business to be more aligned with fundamental structural changes occurring in the marketplace. PPG announced two programs – one in September 2008 and one in March 2009 – that combined are expected to result in approximately $250 million in annual cost savings. These initiatives included the closure of several PPG manufacturing and distribution facilities and the elimination of approximately 3,800 positions. We also accelerated some of the integration activities identified upon the acquisition of SigmaKalon in 2008.
Third, PPG implemented other interim cost-saving measures to cope with the downturn. We traveled less, made temporary reductions in certain compensation and benefits costs and focused only on essential spending in our businesses and staff functions. In addition, we reined in capital spending for 2009 across all of our businesses, while ensuring that projects critical to sustaining production capability were funded.
In all, by implementing these steps, PPG is now a leaner, more efficient company that is not only better able to weather difficult circumstances, but is also positioned to succeed in more favorable conditions. As such, we are poised to benefit from recoveries – regardless of how large or small – in world economies.
In 2009, PPG posted sales of $12.2 billion and net income of $336 million. And while both sales and earnings were down versus the prior year, I believe these results are admirable given the circumstances. In addition, these results exceeded our early year expectations. More importantly, this performance validates the soundness of our strategic direction and the quality of our execution.
PPG benefitted from actions it has taken over the past several years to broaden the geographic reach of our business and grow the coatings and optical and specialty materials components of our portfolio. These businesses saw continuously improving positive momentum throughout the year, and
by the end of 2009 were delivering higher year-over-year earnings. This performance was aided by our expanding footprint in the Asia / Pacific region, which posted record earnings for the year and now represents about 18 percent of our coatings portfolio. Overall, our efforts to transform our company have served us well in this downturn.
We entered 2009 with just over $1 billion of cash, and we delivered near- record cash flow from operations in 2009 of over $1.3 billion. As a result,
we ended the year with a strong cash position of just over $1 billion to support future earnings growth opportunities, which could include bolt-on acquisitions or share repurchases.
PPG paid down about $650 million of debt in 2009. More importantly, we again raised our annual dividend payout for the 38th consecutive year, even in these challenging times. This increase not only demonstrates the confidence we have in PPG’s business portfolio to consistently generate cash, but it also underscores the value we place on returning cash to our shareholders.
Going into 2010, we know that this year will not provide us with a quick return to more favorable economic conditions. But at PPG, we will remain vigilant in maintaining the operating discipline we displayed in 2009 in order to capitalize on gradual demand improvements as they occur this year. That said, we will also stay the course and continue to implement key strategies to transform our company into a more focused enterprise with strong geographic and end-use market diversity. Supported by PPG’s longstanding fiscal prudence and proven track record of cash generation, I believe that PPG remains well-positioned for success in 2010 and the years to follow.
Charles E. Bunch
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 2009 Annual Report | 2
   