Chairman's Letter
Dear Shareowners,
First, let me thank you for your continued investment in PPL. I can assure you that your long-term best interests are foremost in the decisions we make every day. This focus has never been more evident than in the last 12 months, during which we have fundamentally transformed PPL Corporation into a significantly larger, more financially robust company. We accomplished this transformation through two compelling acquisitions that not only have grown the company but also vastly improved our business mix. As a result, we have accomplished our strategic objective to substantially grow our regulated operations, materially improving our risk profile. We now expect that regulated operations will provide a significant majority of PPL's annual earnings and operating cash flows by 2013. It's not an exaggeration to say that the past year has been the most transformational in the company's history. The numbers speak for themselves: By the time you receive this report, when compared with the end of 2009, we will have increased our total assets by about 80 percent to about $40 billion; boosted our anticipated annual revenues by about 58 percent to more than $12 billion; and more than doubled our regulated customers to 10 million. These acquisitions were pursued and executed in a bold, yet deliberate, fashion. In our sector, acquisition opportunities that clearly enhance shareowner value are few and far between. They also are difficult to bring across the finish line. We knew, however, that there were opportunities out there to grow value for you, and we pursued investments that met our strategic criteria and rigorous valuation. Our two additions over the past year have particular attributes that make each a great fit for PPL. In acquiring Louisville Gas and Electric and Kentucky Utilities, we have added one of the best-performing utility operations in the country. The employees of LG&E and KU provide world-class customer service, producing and delivering electricity to nearly 1 million customers at prices that are among the lowest in the nation. LG&E also provides high-quality natural gas delivery service to 320,000 customers. LG&E and KU's proven management team will continue to run the operation, which is now part of the PPL family after a very smooth ­ and swift ­ integration process. The LG&E and KU companies are expected to be accretive to PPL earnings in 2013, and the earnings contribution is expected to grow over time. The acquisition of Central Networks, which we announced March 1, triples our regulated asset value in the United Kingdom and makes us the largest network electricity operator in the country. We expect this transaction to be immediately accretive to earnings per share, growing from about 10

James H. Miller Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

PPL Corporation 2010 Annual Report

1

to 15 cents in 2011 to 32 to 38 cents by 2013. We are confident that our best-in-class management team at Western Power Distribution will implement operational improvements and other efficiencies that will enable earnings accretion and will benefit customers. With the addition of Central Networks, which serves the Midlands region of the U.K., our U.K. operations will be providing electricity delivery service to 7.6 million customers. At PPL, we believe the most effective business strategy is one that is flexible enough to succeed in a wide variety of future scenarios. The one thing we know for certain about the future is that we can't be sure what it will bring. Our new business mix strengthens our business risk profile and improves flexibility for our dividend as we move forward. We also anticipate earnings growth in all our regulated businesses based on needed infrastructure investments. The combined compound annual growth in the rate base of these regulated businesses is expected to be more than 8 percent over the next five years. We are confident in our ability to earn reasonable returns on these infrastructure investments because these companies are best-in-class performers, operating in regions with constructive regulatory systems. And, of course, we still operate superb generating assets in the mid-Atlantic region and in Montana ­ assets that are very competitive in their markets and will be increasingly valuable as energy prices rebound and environmental compliance becomes more stringent. In fact, our competitive-market Supply business led the way in a record-setting 2010, in which we increased our earnings per share from ongoing operations by more than 60 percent versus 2009. Our earnings from ongoing operations for 2010 were $1.36 billion, breaking the previous PPL record by more than 35 percent. This record performance was enabled by our strategic decision to lock in prices for a significant

majority of our 2010 to 2012 generating output when prices were much higher than today's market prices. As a result, we captured billions of dollars in value for shareowners. Clearly, we have excellent assets that are well-positioned to grow value for our shareowners ­ both in the regulated and competitive portions of our business. We also have significant strengths that differentiate us from others in our sector. We have strong regulatory relationships in the U.S. and the U.K. We are a respected, credible voice in the state and national policymaking processes. Our regulated companies rank among the best in reliability and customer service. We have a well-deserved reputation for operational excellence, including a cost-management approach that ensures we are getting the biggest bang for the buck. And, most importantly, we now have 17,000 highly trained, dedicated employees in our family of companies. It is these experts who ensure that we deliver on the promises we make to our customers, regulators and shareowners. I can assure you that all of us remain committed to delivering strong returns to our shareowners and to maintaining a strong dividend, clearly an important ingredient in total shareowner return. We believe that our recent acquisitions position us well to do exactly that. Again, thanks for your confidence in PPL. We know you have a wide variety of investment choices, and we appreciate your continued support. Sincerely,

James H. Miller Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

April 4, 2011

2

PPL Corporation 2010 Annual Report

