Message to Shareowners
Dear Shareowners,
In my fi rst Chairman’s
letter to you, I’m very
pleased to report that
PPL has successfully
accomplished
an exceptional
transformation, which
provides an expanded,
more stable foundation
for future growth.
As the result of two
signifi cant acquisitions,
we nearly doubled our
asset base, increased
our annual revenues by
70 percent and grew
our market capitalization
by 40 percent from the
end of 2009 to the end
of 2011. We are now
among the dozen largest
investor-owned utilities in
the United States.
We have changed our business mix so that about 70
percent of our 2012 forecasted earnings per share will come
from our rate-regulated businesses, a signifi cant change from
just two years ago, when that same percentage of earnings
came from our competitive supply business segment. In the
near term, we expect continued increases in the portion of
our earnings from regulated businesses.
Such transformation, of course, doesn’t happen by
accident. It takes insightful, bold leadership and a talented,
dedicated workforce.
An abundance of both elements allowed PPL to do more
than just weather the challenges of the past several years. It
has allowed us to take advantage of opportunities even in a
turbulent economic climate.
During this challenging time, we were fortunate to have had
the leadership of Jim Miller, who retired as PPL’s chairman
April 1. As I told our employees earlier this spring, Jim has
been the right leader at the right time for PPL. He provided
decisive, calm leadership at a time of tumultuous change
for our sector and our company. Jim is leaving PPL a much
stronger, much larger company that is very well-positioned for
success, no matter what challenges the future holds for us.
One of Jim’s most enduring legacies will be his untiring
efforts to develop a collaborative, action-oriented and savvy
executive team. We have top-fl ight, very experienced people
serving as presidents of our business segments and as
leaders of our fi nancial, legal and other service functions.
Jim has provided exceptional counsel to me as I have
tackled the operational challenges of PPL over the past six
years and in the transition to my new duties over the past
several months.
On behalf of all the shareowners and employees of PPL, I
thank Jim for his extraordinary leadership. We wish him all the
best in his retirement.
In addition to an outstanding leadership team, our company
has one of the most knowledgeable, results-focused
workforces in our sector. The integrations of new operations
in Kentucky and the United Kingdom were handled with speed
and sensitivity – on time and on budget. And, as a result, we
now have 17,000 employees who are focused on world-class
delivery, generation and marketing of energy.
As we look to the future, the company’s business mix –
weighted heavily toward rate-regulated earnings – provides
stability and security to our earnings forecasts, our dividend
and our credit ratings.
Importantly, we are expecting compound annual rate base
growth in our regulated businesses of nearly 8 percent over
the next fi ve years. That growth would result in an $8 billion
increase in our regulated asset base by 2016 – the equivalent
of adding another large regulated utility to our portfolio. And,
much of this asset base growth comes from spending on
infrastructure and environmental improvements that already
have been reviewed by various regulators.
I know that you, as an investor in these market conditions,
are concerned about risk. So, I’m very pleased to tell you that
the business mix improvements we’ve made over the past two
years have resulted in an “excellent” Business Risk Profi le rating
from Standard & Poor’s, putting us in a category with only a
handful of other companies in our sector.
And, we’ve signifi cantly improved our risk profi le while
retaining our high-quality competitive generating facilities,
which provide us with important growth potential when energy
markets eventually recover. In the meantime, the diverse fuel
mix of our generation fl eet differentiates us from many other
competitive power producers in the sector, providing us with
advantages in a range of market conditions that generators
concentrated around a single fuel source do not have.
Our more stable earnings mix also makes our dividend more
secure and gives us a platform for continued growth. As a
result, in early February we announced a 2.9 percent increase
in our common stock dividend, the seventh increase in the past
eight years. Since 2005, we have increased our dividend by
44 percent.
We believe that our new business mix is beginning to
resonate with investors. Despite issuing approximately
200 million shares of common stock and $2 billion of equity
units to fi nance the two major acquisitions, our total return to
shareowners was 17.5 percent for the year, in line with that of
the EEI Index of Investor-owned Utilities. Also, we signifi cantly
outperformed the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index for 2011.
We’re continuing to communicate proactively with the
investment community about the solid, transparent growth
potential for PPL. We’re hopeful that these efforts, combined
with a crisp execution of business plans by our four business
segments, will result in continued strong returns for you, our
shareowners.
I’ll also be emphasizing continued companywide improve-
ments in safety, reliability and customer service so that our
day-to-day performance and customer experience are second
to none in our sector.
I am honored to have the opportunity to lead this
organization. You have my pledge that we will be laser-focused
on excellent operational performance and very competitive
returns for you, including a strong dividend.
On behalf of all our employees, I thank you for your continued
investment and confi dence in PPL.
Sincerely,
William H. Spence
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer