MESSAGE TO SHAREOWNERS

Our focus, from the top executives in our company to our linemen in the field, is delivering today for a brighter tomorrow.

DEAR SHAREOWNERS,
Few things are as essential to our quality of life as electricity. At PPL, we understand that and recognize the responsibility we have to provide safe, reliable and affordable power to our customers, while growing value for our shareowners. It's that understanding that drives us every day. Our focus, from the top executives in our company to our linemen in the field, is delivering today for a brighter tomorrow. Our strategy for growth is simple: Deliver industry-leading customer service and reliability. Invest responsibly in a sustainable energy future. Execute flawlessly. Maintain a strong financial foundation. And engage and develop our people. In each of these areas, your company excelled in 2016. Delivering industry-leading customer service and reliability All three of PPL's U.S. utilities received J.D. Power awards for residential customer satisfaction, achieving the highest overall marks by class and region based on customer surveys. In addition, PPL's four Western Power Distribution utilities (WPD) remained the top four performers in the United Kingdom for customer satisfaction. U.K. regulator Ofgem rated WPD best at engaging stakeholders and addressing vulnerable customers. And in terms of overall performance, WPD earned the highest performance incentive payments of any U.K. distribution network operator. PPL's U.K. segment also delivered its best year for network reliability, while PPL Electric Utilities' reliability performance was among the nation's best. Investing responsibly in a sustainable energy future Across PPL, we invested $3 billion to make the grid smarter, more reliable and more secure, and to advance a cleaner energy future. In the U.K., we continued to expand and reinforce our distribution networks and to "lead the way," according to the U.K.'s regulator, in developing innovative solutions to connect solar power to local networks. Our U.K. utilities have already connected 200,000 private solar installations. In addition, WPD launched the world's largest electric vehicle pilot of its kind in 2016. In Pennsylvania, we remained focused on transmission expansion to reinforce the grid. As a result of our continued efforts, sustained transmission outages have declined by nearly 75 percent over five years. In addition, we continued to modernize our distribution system. Today, we have one of the most robust and advanced distribution automation systems in the country. Smart grid enhancements in 2016 prevented more than 100,000 customer interruptions. Additional smart grid enhancements are planned for 2017, including our Keystone Solar Project, a pilot project supported by the U.S. Department of Energy and aimed at integrating more solar on the grid.

PPL Corporation 2016 Annual Report

I

In Kentucky, we completed a multi-year, nearly $3 billion project to cut air emissions from our coal-fired power plants, finished construction of the state's largest universal solar facility, and introduced new solar subscription and onsite solar development options for customers. Executing flawlessly In 2016, we also upheld our unwavering commitment to executing our business plans. Flawless execution, in fact, is at the heart of PPL's success. We exceeded the high end of our 2016 reported earnings forecast range, with all of our U.S. and U.K. companies either delivering or exceeding expected results. At the same time, we grew per-share earnings from ongoing operations by 11 percent, exceeding the midpoint of our ongoing earnings forecast for the seventh straight year. We delivered as planned on $3 billion in capital spending that benefits customers and shareowners. We energized our $350 million Northeast-Pocono transmission expansion project in Pennsylvania a year ahead of schedule. And in Kentucky, we completed our multi-year emissions improvement projects on schedule, nearly $300 million under original cost estimates and with a safety incident rate one-fifth the industry average for similar work ­ all while operating the affected power plants 24/7 for our customers. Lastly, we committed in 2016 to begin growing our dividend more meaningfully in 2017. In February of this year, we delivered on that commitment, increasing our dividend by 4 percent, PPL's 15th increase in 16 years. Our 2016 dividend yield continued to be among the highest in our sector. Maintaining a strong financial foundation In addition to a competitive dividend, in 2016 we maintained a strong balance sheet, investment-grade credit ratings and strong cash flow, fundamentals we are committed to keeping strong going forward. In the process, we rose to the challenge posed by the U.K.'s June 23 Brexit vote ­ which had no effect on PPL's U.K. operations, but weakened British pound sterling exchange rates. We acted decisively to monetize hedges and capture $310 million in hedge gains. The gains, which resulted from our effective and disciplined foreign currency risk management program, will be used to offset lower expected repatriation amounts from the U.K. and to support future dividend growth.

We established a new 2017 baseline for future earnings growth, one that reflects lower exchange rates; set a new projection of 5 to 6 percent annual earnings-per-share growth from 2017 to 2020; and solidified PPL's dividend growth strategy, with a target to increase the dividend about 4 percent a year through 2020. We took additional steps in the weeks and months following the Brexit vote to manage future foreign currency risk and greatly improve our risk profile. As a result, we are very confident in our ability to deliver the earnings and dividend growth we have projected. Engaging and developing our people Finally, from apprentices to lineman trainees to leaders at all levels throughout the business, we continued to invest in and develop our team of nearly 13,000 strong. We recognize that our employees drive our success, and we understand that a diverse, inclusive workforce only makes PPL stronger. In closing, I would offer that to be a great company requires more than delivering great earnings results. It's about making the world a little better each day. At PPL, we plan to invest nearly $16 billion in the next five years to do just that ­ making the grid smarter, tougher and more resilient; advancing a cleaner energy future; putting people to work in family-sustaining jobs; and powering progress and prosperity in the communities we serve. To us, delivering today for a brighter tomorrow is more than just a line on an Annual Report cover. It's a calling, one that generations of PPL employees have answered. On behalf of all of our employees, I thank you for your continued investment in PPL. We are committed to growing value for you today and tomorrow, and we are excited about the future for your company. Sincerely,

William H. Spence Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

II

PPL Corporation 2016 Annual Report

