MESSAGE TO SHAREOWNERS

DEAR SHAREOWNERS,
Each day, as the sun rises across cities, suburbs and rolling hills both east and west of the Atlantic Ocean, customers of PPL companies awaken ­ renewed, reinvigorated and ready to tackle the challenges that await. They are people that understand full well the value of a hard day's work, of making a difference, of family and of community. Here at PPL, we share their values. We are driven each day by a quiet determination to ensure that every single one of our customers has the electricity they count on to power their lives. We are driven to deliver on our commitment not only to them, but to you ­ our shareowners. That's precisely what 2014 was all about. A watershed moment for PPL. In June, we announced an agreement to spin off our Energy Supply business and combine it with the competitive generation business of Riverstone Holdings LLC. This unique transaction will create a new, stand-alone, publicly traded independent power producer named Talen Energy Corporation. We feel confident that the spinoff of our Energy Supply business offers the best path forward for both PPL's regulated and supply businesses. Both will emerge as stronger companies. At the same time, the spinoff will give investors clear choices and, we believe, unlock the full value of both businesses for you, our shareowners.

As a result of the spinoff, PPL shareowners will receive a fraction of a share in Talen Energy for every share of PPL Corporation that they own. Collectively, our shareowners will own 65 percent of Talen Energy upon closing, which we expect will occur in the second quarter of 2015. The new company will emerge from the gates as a strong and lean competitor with the financial agility, cost structure and scale to grow and succeed. It will own and operate a diverse mix of generation in key U.S. competitive energy markets, including those in the Mid-Atlantic region and in Texas. Talen Energy will be led by an executive management team that will come from PPL Corporation. And many of its plants will be run by many of the same dedicated people who have run them successfully for years. In short, Talen Energy will be poised to succeed in the competitive generation sector. And just as it will grow stronger, so too will PPL. A bright past. An even brighter future. Emerging from the spinoff, PPL Corporation will be composed solely of high-performing, award-winning regulated utilities in the United Kingdom and the United States and will be poised to add value for both customers and shareowners. We expect to maintain a strong balance sheet, investmentgrade credit ratings, strong cash flow and a competitive dividend. With nearly $18 billion in projected infrastructure investment over five years and businesses located in constructive regulatory environments with near-real time
PPL Corporation 2014 Annual Report I

recovery available for about 70 percent of our capital expenditures, we project compound annual growth of 7 percent in the combined rate base of our regulated businesses. The net result of that growth is roughly equivalent to adding another major utility to our portfolio of companies. That growth ­ combined with the continued excellent performance of our utilities and $75 million in targeted annual corporate support cost savings as part of our restructuring ­ gives us great confidence that we will achieve compound annual earnings growth of 4 to 6 percent through at least 2017. Another reason to feel confident about the future is our performance in 2014. Another strong year for PPL. Our businesses continued to perform well in 2014, with results at PPL's regulated utility and competitive supply segments enabling PPL to achieve earnings from ongoing operations that were at the top of our forecast range. Our stock price rose 21 percent for the year, and we executed capital investment of about $4 billion across our business segments. In the United Kingdom, we secured "fast-track" approval for the business plans that will guide our four Western Power Distribution (WPD) subsidiaries through the new 8-year price control period that began April 1, 2015. U.K. regulators ranked our companies as the top four performers in the U.K. based on customer service and satisfaction. In addition, we were the top achievers in reliability performance and stakeholder engagement. Based on WPD's continued strong performance, it was named "Utility of the Year" by the international edition of Utility Week, marking back-to-back years that a PPL company was named Utility of the Year and underscoring the value we see in our U.K. business. Meanwhile, in Kentucky we continued to make progress on major capital projects, investing more than $ 1 billion in capital improvements. Construction of our new combinedcycle natural gas-fired generating unit at Cane Run proceeded on schedule. We completed several major environmental upgrades at our Ghent and Mill Creek power plants. We requested a rate increase as a result of the continued infrastructure investment we're making and anticipate new rates taking effect July 1. And in late December, our Kentucky subsidiaries received state approval to build a 10-megawatt solar energy facility, the state's first major solar facility.

In Pennsylvania, PPL Electric Utilities forged ahead with major infrastructure investments of its own to strengthen reliability and reduce congestion on the regional transmission grid. We neared completion of the Pennsylvania portion of the 150-mile Susquehanna-Roseland transmission line and progressed more than halfway on another large transmission project that includes 58 miles of power lines and three substations. The two projects combined represent a nearly $1 billion investment in the region's electric grid. At the same time, PPL Electric Utilities continued to make major investments in its distribution system, including the installation of smart grid technology that improves reliability and provides powerful new capabilities to monitor system operations. Finally, our supply business executed well despite significant market challenges, aggressively taking steps to control costs and to prepare the business to stand on its own upon completion of the spinoff. In November, we also completed the sale of our 11 Montana hydroelectric facilities to NorthWestern Energy for $900 million ­ proceeds that will remain with PPL and be used to support continued infrastructure investment. Forward with confidence. Clearly, it was an eventful year, one that only enhances my confidence in the future of our company as we seek to grow the value of your investment. Just as our customers are renewed and reinvigorated by the dawn of a new day, we are renewed and reinvigorated with the opportunities ahead for both PPL and the new business our spinoff will create. I am blessed to work each day with some of the best in our industry ­ employees who don't seek the limelight but focus, instead, on achieving results for our customers and for you, our shareowners. We appreciate the trust you've placed in us. We thank you for your continued investment in PPL. Sincerely,

William H. Spence Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

II

PPL Corporation 2014 Annual Report

