Message to Stockholders
Dear Stockholders: Since 1977, Primerica has helped millions of middle-income families with their financial needs by providing them with a strategy and means to gain financial independence. In 2010, we took an important step in our company's independence and financial future. Our historic initial public offering (IPO) on April 1, 2010 reinforced Primerica's entrepreneurial spirit and instilled a great deal of pride among our sales force and employees. For these reasons, the IPO represented a new beginning--the re-founding of our company. We believe the concept of a re-founding is appropriate because it not only signals a fresh start, but pays homage to our proud 34-year history and track record. Our IPO gave us the opportunity to fold our years of experience, expertise and innovation into an organization with a more streamlined balance sheet. More importantly, the IPO has allowed us to focus on building Primerica for the long term. Today, having successfully completed our re-founding, we are an independent company with a capital structure that positions us to pursue opportunities to grow our existing businesses, while also seeking additional opportunities that we believe will build shareholder value over time. We are especially proud of what we have been able to accomplish in an environment where millions of underserved middle-income families are facing unprecedented financial challenges. We have made great strides in our first year as a public company, and we continue to be optimistic and excited about the future of our business. WHO WE ARE Beginning in 1977, Primerica transformed the life insurance industry with a philosophy that has encouraged families to purchase affordable term life insurance and have more money to invest in their family's future. "Buy Term and Invest the Difference" is the cornerstone of the financial game plan of millions of North American families that we have served over the years. Even as we expand our products and services, this concept remains a foundation of our philosophy, enabling us to deliver over $939 million of death claims to families in 2010. Primerica representatives assist clients in meeting their needs for term life insurance, mutual funds, variable annuities, loans and other financial products. We insure more than 4.3 million lives and more than 2 million clients maintain their investment accounts with us, making us a leading distributor of financial products to middle-income households in North America.

North America's vast middle-income market has long been underserved by traditional financial services firms. Our unique educational approach and face-to-face distribution model allow us to meet the needs of middleincome families in a costeffective manner. Our unique approach has proven itself in both favorable and challenging economic environments, as evidenced by our results this past year. In addition, Primerica provides an entrepreneurial business opportunity for individuals seeking to distribute our financial products. Low entry costs and the ability to begin on a part-time basis allow our recruits to supplement their existing income by starting an independent business without leaving their current jobs. OUR SALES FORCE IS VITAL TO OUR SUCCESS Our ability to successfully navigate a challenging economic environment is a testament to the skill, professionalism and longevity of our sales force. More than 20,000 of our field leaders have been with Primerica for at least 10 years and 7,000 have been with the Company for at least 20 years. Becoming a public company provided us with an opportunity to align the interests of our sales force, stockholders and the Company. Our key field leaders--our Regional Vice Presidents--were so enthusiastic about owning Primerica stock that our IPO-directed share program was more than two times oversubscribed. Providing a significant equity stake for our sales force has created a unique ownership structure in the financial services industry. We are proud of our equity incentive programs, which help build both short- and long-term alignment for all of our stakeholders. Most importantly for our business, the sales force's reaction to becoming a public company exceeded our expectations. The IPO removed uncertainty about our future and helped reinforce our position as a stable, trusted advisor to middle-income families. Ultimately, our capacity to grow Primerica rests on our ability to constantly improve the opportunity for our independent sales representatives. Whether it is through new innovative incentives or improved product offerings, we recognize the need to continually improve our opportunity. We believe that being re-founded as the largest independent financial services distribution company in North America opens new vistas for us. We are committed to using this freedom to continually improve our business opportunity.

2010 PERFORMANCE We are extremely proud of what we have been able to accomplish during a challenging economic environment for our target market. Our Term Life business outperformed the industry. Our policies issued were down only 4% in 2010 compared to 2009, while the term life policies issued in the industry declined 12%, according to LIMRA. Our recruiting growth also outpaced the direct selling industry in 2010. Primerica's recruiting increased 4% while the direct selling industry experienced an 8% decline in recruiting compared to 2009. The size of our life-licensed insurance sales force declined 5% at year-end 2010 compared to year-end 2009 as licensing and non-renewals experienced downward pressure in the difficult economic environment. Investment and savings products sales grew 21% in 2010 compared to 2009 while annuity sales significantly outpaced the industry increasing 27% in 2010 compared to 2009. The difficult market conditions affected our investment portfolio. However, with prudent expense management and growth in our investment and savings products sales and asset values, we were able to deliver strong financial results for the year. $25 Net income was $257.8 million for 2010 compared to $494.6 million for 2009. Net income for 2009 as well as the first quarter of 2010 was higher because it did not reflect the impact of the Citi reinsurance and reorganiza$20 tion transactions executed in March and April of 2010. As adjusted to reflect these transactions as well as other operating adjustments, net operating income was $161.5 million for 2010 compared to $158.4 million for 2009.   $15 Dec 31 April 1 June 30 Sept 30 Our performance this year was well re(IPO) ceived by investors. Common stock ended the year at $24.25, up 62% from the IPO offering price of $15.00 and up 27% from the opening price of $19.15 on April 1, 2010. That compares with an increase of 8% by the S&P 500 Index over the same time period. Throughout 2010, we maintained a conservative balance sheet and strong capital position. As of December 31, 2010, our investments and cash totaled $2.28 billion and our debt-to-capital ratio remained low at 17.3%. Our statutory risk-based capital ratio (RBC) was estimated to be in excess of 570% as of December 31, 2010, positioning us well for future growth while remaining significantly above our long-term RBC target. OUR VALUE PROPOSITION Traditional financial services companies have long focused on a different segment of the market--specifically higher net-worth clients--for their investment and wealth management service offerings. Further, recent statistics show that these companies are moving an increasing portion of their life insurance businesses to wealthier North Americans. At Primerica, we take a much different approach. We are a Main Street company that caters to the needs of Main Street consumers. More importantly, we recognize that the middle market is vast and largely underserved.

More than 50 percent of U.S. households fall in the middle-income market, and we believe our educational approach and unparalleled distribution model allow us to meet the financial needs of these consumers more profitably than any other company. A recent study indicated that 35 million American households have no life insurance and, of those who are covered, most have far less coverage than experts recommend. In addition, most consumers prefer to work with an agent, rather than over the Internet or via toll-free numbers, when purchasing something as important and personal as life insurance. We believe Primerica's licensed life insurance sales force, approximately 95,000 strong, is uniquely equipped to serve the middle market. The size and local presence of our sales force allow them to sit across the kitchen table from their clients and provide the education they need face-to-face. In short, we have a vast market to grow our business in and the business model to do it effectively. We are focused on building Primerica for the future and are working diligently to improve all areas of our business. From product improvements and technology innovations to creating a better business opportunity, we are totally focused on building Primerica for the long term. We strongly believe in the long-term growth prospects of Primerica and are encouraged by the attitude, perseverance and commitment of our sales force. Our long-standing management team--a 14-member executive team averaging 26 years with Primerica--remains committed to improving offerings for our clients, enhancing the business opportunity for our sales representatives, and delivering on the promises we made at our re-founding. Our solid track record, attractive products, capital strength and strong distribution capabilities will enable us to capture the substantial growth opportunity before us. We had an extraordinary first year as a public company and are excited to have taken important steps in the future of Primerica.

Sincerely,

D. Richard Williams Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer

John A. Addison, Jr. Chairman of Primerica Distribution, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director

