Message to Stockholders
Primerica is a Main Street company driven by a mission to help Main Street families become financially independent. As the largest independent financial services marketing organization in North America, we are uniquely positioned to effectively reach and assist Main Street families with their personal finances. There has never been a bigger need for what Primerica does to help underserved middle-income families become properly protected, debt free and financially independent through our product offerings and entrepreneurial business opportunity. 2011 Distribution Accomplishments In 2011, we enhanced our product offerings and the sales process for our clients while expanding the business opportunity for our independent representatives. We focused on developing incentives, new technology and product enhancements that would create energy and enthusiasm in our representatives and drive momentum and growth in the future. In our Term Life Insurance Segment, we launched TermNow -- a new rapid issue term life insurance product for clients purchasing face amounts of $250,000 and below. The new TermNow online application process includes database queries as part of the underwriting process, replacing the previous, longer and more invasive underwriting process. We also moved our online sales tools from a device-specific system to an Internet-based system, allowing representatives to use their current web-based devices to give sales presentations and take online applications. These initiatives created a fundamental change in how our representatives transact business. Now more than 80% of life insurance applications are submitted electronically, up significantly from 55% prior to the TermNow product launch. In 2011, our Term Life business outperformed the life insurance industry as our life insurance policies issued increased 6% from 2010, while the MIB Life Index reported the industry's life application activity was flat in 2011 over the prior year. And, according to LIMRA, term life policies issued in 2011 compared to 2010 declined 4% compared with Primerica's 6% increase in issued term life policies.
Co-CEOs Rick Williams and John Addison

Investment and Savings Products (ISP) sales were very strong in 2011, up 18% driven by a 43% year-over-year increase in variable annuity sales. During the year, we continued to execute on our strategy of expanding our ISP product portfolio by adding managed accounts and indexed annuities to our product offerings. Managed accounts provide our clients the opportunity to have an actively managed investment while rewarding our representatives for developing lasting client relationships. We believe long-term, indexed annuities are a good fit for our business because they expand our offerings for conservative-minded investors and work well with our sales force structure. In June, our convention provided the environment and platform to launch new products, technology initiatives and incentive programs that led to significant activity during the second half of the year. The last time we held a convention was in 2007, when Primerica and the U.S. economy were in a fundamentally different place. Four years later, as a public company, this convention was another celebration of our independence with approximately

In 2011, Primerica's life insurance companies paid more than $1 billion in death claims.

tial public offering (IPO). The two Citi secondary offerings during the year allowed us to attract new investors, provide additional float in the stock and more fully consider open market share repurchases as part of our long-term capital strategy. In addition to providing shareholder value with the stock repurchase in 2011, we increased our quarterly cash dividend as we took the first step in our long-term goal to align our dividend return with our peers. We also completed most of the administrative work needed for a triple X reserve financing solution and continue to work diligently with our regulators to obtain approval. A triple X transaction would allow us to deploy approximately $150 million of capital for share repurchases.
Primerica's new TermNow product, launched in 2011, is a rapid-issue term life insurance product. Representatives can take an application on an iPad and a policy is issued within an average of less than 60 seconds.

During the year, S&P affirmed Primerica Life Insurance Company's (PLIC) stable AA- financial strength rating and assigned Primerica, Inc. (PRI) an A- counterparty credit rating for senior unsecured debt. Moody's assigned an A2 insurance financial strength rating to PLIC and a Baa2 senior unsecured debt rating to PRI. A.M. Best affirmed PLIC's A+ financial strength rating,

40,000 people from the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico in attendance. Our conventions have historically increased the energy level, excitement and sense of team within the sales force but this convention truly surpassed our expectations. The energetic environment paired with the revolutionary announcements created excitement that led to a post-convention recruiting record. Recruiting finished the year up 6%, outpacing the direct sales industry that was down 1% in recruiting in 2011 from 2010, according to the Direct Selling Association. We continue to build on the business enhancements announced at the convention to generate distribution and sales growth.

2011 Capital Strategy Accomplishments Significant strides were made on our capital management strategy in 2011. The $200 million share repurchase we completed in November allowed us to cancel approximately 12% of total shares outstanding, was accretive to earnings per share and brought us closer to our longer-term Risk Based Capital (RBC) objective of 300%-350%. This capital deployment also enabled Citi to completely divest its Primerica shares in a secondary offering in December, less than two years after completion of our iniPrimerica broke ground on its new international headquarters in 2011. The majority of our employees will move to the state-of-the-art 345,000 square-foot facility beginning April 2013. This new facility will allow us to maximize business efficiencies and enhance our services to our sales force as well as our clients.

Agency  Standard & Poor's  Moody's A.M. Best Company

Financial Strength (PLIC)  AA-, stable outlook  A2, stable outlook A+, stable outlook

Senior Unsecured Debt (PRI) A-, stable outlook Baa2, stable outlook a-, stable outlook

improved our outlook to stable and assigned PRI a senior unsecured debt rating of a-. With these ratings, we are well-positioned to approach the debt market at an opportune time. The ability to access the debt market would enable us to increase our low 17.4% debt to capital ratio to the 20-25% range to help maximize capital efficiency.

$1.10 Billion of Revenue in 2011 (by Segment) Investment & Savings Products 36% Corporate & Other 14%

2011 Performance We are proud of what we were able to accomplish in 2011 as we focused on building Primerica for the future by pursuing opportunities to grow our existing businesses while seeking to enhance shareholder value over time. Our business continued to perform well in 2011, driven primarily by a 27% increase in Term Life net premium revenue on an operating basis and an 18% increase in ISP sales compared with 2010. Net income was $178.3 million in 2011, compared with $257.8 million for 2010. Note that net income for the first quarter of 2010 did not reflect the impact of the Citi reinsurance and reorganization transactions. Adjusted to reflect the impact of these transactions as well as other operating adjustments, net operating income was up 10% to $177.1 million for 2011, compared with $161.5 million for 2010. Our net operating income growth demonstrates the flexibility and resilience of our unique business model as our predominantly cash generative ISP fee-based income complemented the growth in our capital intensive New Term Life business. Our capital structure remained solid during the year as our adjusted book value per share increased 12% to $20.46 from $18.33 in 2010. At the end of the year, Primerica Life Insurance Company's statutory RBC ratio was 426%, showing that the company remains well positioned to support existing operations and fund future growth. Our invested asset to adjusted equity ratio of 1.6x remains beneficially low in this low interest rate environment. We are less reliant on investment income as a source of earnings and our capital position is less sensitive to asset risk than companies that underwrite interest-sensitive products. Looking Ahead As we move forward, our continued financial strength and conservative balance sheet position us well to improve returns on capital through continued execution of the capital strategy we began in 2011. Our unique distribution model provides the opportunity to grow our business by catering to the needs of vastly underserved Main Street families. We are focused on supporting and building our sales force to drive continued performance and positive financial results going forward. We plan to follow through on the business enhancements delivered in 2011 and focus on growing distribution through refined sales force incentives and sales tools to help more Main Street families, like the ones highlighted in this report, navigate their financial situations. We believe every family in North America deserves a chance to be financially independent. As stewards of this business for more than 30 years now, we remain committed to building Primerica for the future to create value and enhance the return for our sales force, employees, clients, and stockholders. Sincerely,
Term Life Insurance 50%

Rick Williams John Addison Chairman of the Board and Chairman of Primerica Distribution and Co-Chief Executive Officer Co-Chief Executive Officer

