Message from the Chairman Dear fellow shareholders:
In 1875, The Prudential Friendly Society was founded in Newark, New Jersey, with one objective: to make life insurance available to working families across America. That goal reflected the
firm belief that everyone should have the opportunity to achieve financial security and the peace of mind it brings.
More than 140 years later, that belief has given rise to one of the world’s largest financial institutions. Prudential Financial comprises three interrelated and
complementary businesses – Financial
shareholders and investing in strategic, long-term growth opportunities. In 2016, we again delivered on our strategy of returning capital to shareholders in a highly disciplined manner, amounting to $3.2 billion through $2 billion of share repurchases and $1.2 billion of Common Stock dividends. Since the beginning of 2011, we have returned more than $12 billion to shareholders in the form of share buybacks and dividends. In December 2016, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of shares up to a total of $1.25 billion for 2017.
 Protection, Retirement and Asset Management – in pursuit of one single uniting purpose: to power the ambitions of people, organizations and communities.
Supporting that pursuit are the extraordinary talent and technical expertise of our employees, a culture of strategic collaboration and a business system that drives outstanding execution. This compelling combination and our financial strength, built and demonstrated over our history, enable us to create and deliver innovative solutions for customers, produce differentiated performance and drive long-term value for our shareholders.
Underpinning all of our work is our commitment to sustainability. We use “sustainability” to describe how we anticipate and manage future risks and opportunities to meet our long-term obligations. As we plan for Prudential’s long-term vitality, we take a broad view of the factors that may challenge us and those that may offer opportunities. For many years, we have considered environmental, governance and societal issues important to Prudential’s long-term success, and in 2016, we continued our progress in key areas. Sustainability remains crucial to our ability to deliver on our purpose and our promises to all of our stakeholders.
Delivering distinctive results
“We demonstrated the earnings power of our businesses
again in 2016, delivering
solid results despite a number of challenging economic conditions and headwinds.”
– John Strangfeld
At the same time, we are also investing in strategies to capitalize on long-term growth opportunities across our differentiated businesses. These include data, digital
and technology initiatives to leverage our broad skill sets across businesses as well as strategic investments in growth markets, such as Chile and Brazil.
Based on U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), net income attributable to Prudential Financial was $4.368 billion, or $9.71 per Common share, for 2016, compared to $5.642 billion, or $12.71 per Common share,
in 2015.
For 2016, on an after-tax adjusted operating income (AOI)* basis, Prudential Financial earned $4.107 billion, or $9.13 per Common share, compared to $4.649 billion, or $10.04 per Common share
in 2015.
Our operating return on equity based
on adjusted operating income* for the full year was 12.0 percent, modestly below our long-term objective. For the past three years leading into 2016, our operating fundamentals have enabled
us to consistently achieve or exceed our long-term operating return on equity objective. After reviewing the current operating environment, including the impact of sustained low interest rates, market volatility and other factors, as well as the multiyear strategic investment in our businesses, we announced in
We demonstrated the earnings power of
our businesses again in 2016, delivering
solid results despite a number of challenging economic conditions and headwinds. Our fundamentals remain strong and overall growth in sales and client net flows underscores the marketplace appeal of our brand and solutions.
The strong cash generation by our businesses enables us to deliver on two important objectives: enhancing the value we provide to
December 2016 a moderate reduction of our near- to mid-term operating return on equity objective to between 12 and 13 percent. Achieving that level of performance will continue to distinguish us in the marketplace, while ensuring that we continue to have the flexibility to invest in our businesses, capitalize on opportunities and deliver value to our shareholders.
Prudential Financial, Inc. 2016 Annual Report 1

In 2016, our adjusted book value* per share grew by more than
7 percent to $78.95 at year-end, compared to $73.59 a year earlier, after paying $1.2 billion in Common Stock dividends.
Our worldwide assets under management also continued to increase, reaching approximately $1.26 trillion by year-end 2016, compared to $1.18 trillion at December 31, 2015. This growth, which includes substantial client net inflows contributing to account values and assets under management, is an important indicator of our clients’ confidence in our company.
Our solid performance is an outcome of our commitment to maintaining our differentiated mix of high-quality businesses, managing risk appropriately, deploying capital effectively and pursuing profitable, long-term growth. These priorities are fundamental to the strength of our operations and enable us to deliver distinctive performance.
Driving business performance
Our complementary businesses provide diversity in sources of earnings, helping us weather the normal variability of business results and fluctuations in market conditions, while also providing solid growth opportunities. In 2016, our businesses continued to perform well, despite significant market headwinds.
Our International Insurance segment delivered another year of strong performance, and the fundamentals and earnings power of its underlying businesses remain strong. We have adapted
our product portfolio in response to the challenging interest rate environment and have leveraged our broad U.S. dollar product portfolio. For the year, U.S. dollar products comprised more than half of our sales in Japan.
We continue to look for opportunities to expand our presence in the countries where we operate, as well as other select markets where we see potential for long-term growth. In 2016, we made further progress in expanding our presence in Latin America,
a region where we continue to see opportunity. In March, we completed the acquisition of a stake in a leading provider of retirement services in Chile, enabling us to participate in the growing pension market there. And in September, we agreed to purchase a group life insurance business in Brazil, garnering a market-leading distribution network and an attractive product portfolio that complements our already-strong position in Brazil’s individual life insurance market.
In January 2016, we also launched an investment partnership in Africa with the objective of making strategic investments in life insurance companies in leading economies where we see long- term growth potential.
In our U.S. Businesses, we continue to see good momentum across notable areas, reflecting the earnings power of our business model.
Despite the challenging environment for active investment managers, during 2016 our Asset Management segment generated unaffiliated third-party net flows of $5.7 billion, including its
14th consecutive year of positive net institutional flows. Our net flows are benefiting from our initiatives to expand distribution and product offerings, as well as our solid overall investment performance. In addition, we are continuing to build out our multi-manager model and invest in the business.
Through our Retirement segment, we serve retail and institutional clients in multiple capacities, including through our plan servicing, stable value, pension risk transfer and payout annuity platforms. This segment had another strong year in 2016, with net flows of $5.8 billion and 5 percent account value growth,
year over year. We continued to lead in the pension risk transfer market, closing approximately $8 billion of significant case wins during the year. Looking ahead, we see strong opportunity to continue to expand our pension risk transfer business, as well
as favorable long-term growth prospects across the retirement landscape.
Our Individual Annuities segment remains a core product in our global platform of businesses, with solid return and cash flow prospects. We remain disciplined in our pricing and are achieving our diversification objectives, while improving our risk profile and meeting clients’ need for guaranteed income through ongoing product innovation.
Our Individual Life segment showed positive sales and top-line growth trends in 2016. We continue to diversify our product strategy, targeting a prudent mix of sales of guaranteed universal life, term life and other products, including variable life.
Our Group insurance segment produced a significant increase in sales for the year, mainly driven by greater sales of group life. This segment is benefiting from a multiyear underwriting initiative, especially in disability, and a more concentrated focus on the larger client segment. We expect to build on the revenue growth we began to achieve in 2016, while maintaining pricing discipline.
Managing capital prudently while reducing complexity and volatility
One of our key strategic priorities over the past few years has been to better reflect the strength of Prudential by reducing complexity and volatility and increasing transparency in our financial results. To that end, we have taken several significant steps over the past three years to simplify our operations and reduce sources of volatility in our financial results.
Most recently, in 2016, we completed the recapture of the variable annuity living benefit riders that were managed in a captive insurer. We now house all of our product risks together in our statutory insurance entities. This step substantially simplifies our annuities operation, reduces our capital volatility and increases the certainty around cash flows from the annuities business. In addition, due to synergies that occur with all of the product risks being managed together, we were able to release about $1 billion of capital from our annuities business, of which we deployed $500 million to share repurchases. Our annuities-
2 Prudential Financial, Inc. 2016 Annual Report

focused statutory insurance entity also paid a dividend of $1 billion to the parent company, reflecting earnings from the annuities business during the year.
As our actions in 2016 demonstrate, we remain dedicated to balancing financial strength and flexibility with our commitment to returning capital to our shareholders through dividends
and share repurchases. From the commencement of share repurchases in July 2011 through December 31, 2016, the company acquired 90.1 million shares of its Common Stock, at a total cost of $6.4 billion. In February 2017, we were pleased to announce a 7 percent increase in our quarterly dividend. Our annualized dividend has nearly doubled over the past five years, growing at an annual rate of 13 percent, reflecting our stronger and more consistent cash generation. Over the same time, we have also reduced our leverage ratios.
Contributing to effective regulation
As a result of our designation as a non-bank systemically important financial institution in September 2013, Prudential has been supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and is subject to additional regulatory standards, many of which are still under development. Since our designation, we have been working with the staff of the Federal Reserve Board to help them build a deeper understanding of
our businesses and the important differences between insurance companies and banks.
We continue to engage in discussions with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as well as our group supervisor, the New Jersey Department of Banking
and Insurance, and other state and international regulatory authorities, on the development of supervisory standards tailored for insurance companies. We believe Prudential will remain well capitalized under any reasonable capital standard.
With the new U.S. presidential administration in place, there is uncertainty about the course the regulatory environment will take. We support effective regulations and the protections they provide for customers and clients, while also avoiding unintended consequences, and will continue to work with our regulators to achieve those outcomes.
Nurturing our talent and culture
Our talent and our culture remain our most important competitive advantages over the long term. They define us as a company
and make it possible for us to deliver on our promises to all of our stakeholders. Our unique culture, with its focus on purpose, strategic collaboration, innovation and execution, propels our ability to produce distinctive results and stand out in a crowded global market, helping us attract new customers and new talent. Our unwavering commitment to integrity remains the bedrock
of our culture and fundamental to how we operate. We know that only by doing business the right way, every day, will we maintain the trust of our customers and other stakeholders.
Our commitment to embracing diversity and creating a culture of inclusion reflects our founding purpose and is a key element of our culture and our talent initiatives. We recognize that the diversity of experiences, opinions and backgrounds of our Board of Directors and our employees enables us to meet the needs of our customers and help the millions of people we serve become more financially secure. In 2016, we were gratified to receive the Corporate Award from the Executive Leadership Council,
in recognition of our enduring commitment to diversity and inclusion.
 External recognition of Prudential’s commitment to integrity, diversity and to providing a supportive workplace
Recognition Prudential’sRecord
Working Mother
“100 Best Companies”
LATINA Style
“50 Best Companies for Latinas in the U.S.”
National Association for Female Executives “Top 50 Companies for Executive Women”
DiversityInc
“Top 50 Companies for Diversity”
Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index
Dave Thomas Foundation
“Best Adoption-Friendly Workplaces”
Computerworld
“Best Places to Work in IT”
GI Jobs
“Top 100 Military Friendly Employers”
Military Times EDGE
“Best for Vets Employers”
Points of Light & Bloomberg “The Civic 50”
Ethisphere
“World’s Most Ethical Companies®”
27 years 19 years 17 years 16 years 14 years 10 years
8 years 7 years 7 years 2 years 2 years
Our work to enhance the lives of U.S. Veterans and military families remains an important element of our talent management strategy. At our growing Business and Technology Solutions Center in El Paso, Texas, which we established in 2014, nearly half of the employees are Veterans or military spouses. We are pleased that our focus on training and support is enhancing the quality of life for these valuable yet often overlooked sources of talent. For military spouses, in particular, we have provided an opportunity for remote work, enabling them to keep their jobs despite the frequent relocations that come with military service. As a result, they have the chance to build meaningful careers and much-needed financial security for their families.
Prudential Financial, Inc. 2016 Annual Report 3

In 2016, our ongoing efforts to promote diversity and inclusion, enhance the lives of Veterans and military families and be
an employer of choice were recognized by a wide variety of external organizations. In February 2017, we were also pleased to be named by FORTUNE® as the No. 1 world’s most admired company in the life and health insurance category for the fourth time since 2010.
Driving social progress
Our commitment to spurring progress and financial inclusion
is evident in everything we do, particularly our work to support underserved markets. We believe that one effective way to create opportunities for financial and social mobility is through thriving cities. To that end, we work with government offices, nonprofits and other business partners to invest in initiatives that help
cities transform their infrastructure, educational systems and employment opportunities.
Nowhere is our work more apparent than in our hometown
of Newark, New Jersey, where we have concentrated both on revitalizing physical spaces and enhancing programs that bring opportunities to people within the community. Since 1976, Prudential’s total investment in Newark has been nearly $1.175 billion, including $500 million for Prudential Tower, the new office building we opened in 2015.
During 2016, we worked toward another exciting step in Newark’s ongoing revitalization – the reopening of the landmark Hahne
& Co. building, which once housed one of the country’s largest retail stores, but was abandoned when Hahne’s closed in 1987. Thanks to a $50 million investment from Prudential and backing from other partners, the Hahne’s building reopened to the public in early 2017 as a multi-use facility, after years of meticulous remodeling and refurbishing. Located in Newark’s downtown and one block from our newest office building, Prudential Tower, the 400,000-square-foot structure includes up to 100,000 square feet of retail space as well as 160 loft apartments, 64 of which are set aside as affordable homes for low-income and working families.
In 2016, we also partnered to support the opening of a new USO Center at Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey. The first of its kind at this location, the center provides active military service members and their families a place to relax and refresh while traveling.
We were also proud to be a founding donor and corporate sponsor of the grand opening in September 2016 of the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture. The museum’s opening helped spur an important national dialogue about the rich and complex heritage of the African American community and how, together, our diverse perspectives and backgrounds contribute to our shared success.
Looking ahead with confidence
One of our greatest assets remains the strength and independence of our Board of Directors. The varied expertise of our Board
of Directors is a crucial element of our program of corporate governance and an important competitive advantage for our company. The Board incorporates diverse perspectives, with a complementary mix of skills, experience and backgrounds, which we believe are key to understanding and representing the interests of our diverse stakeholders. Our Board strives to govern Prudential in a prudent and transparent manner that helps the company achieve sustainable performance and deliver long-term value to our customers and shareholders. The guidance and support our Board provides are key factors behind our strong history of performance and our confidence about the future.
While 2016 brought many challenges, we are pleased that we delivered solid results, thanks to our strategy and business mix, our strong capital position and our talent and culture. We are confident that our business mix and solid fundamentals will continue to produce attractive financial results, driving solid earnings per share growth, strong cash flows and attractive returns to our shareholders. We will continue to bring our diverse resources – our financial expertise, our employees’ talents and our capital – together to deliver on our purpose and ensure financial security is within reach for more people around the world.
Thank you for your continued confidence and interest in our company. I look forward to sharing news of our achievements in the future.
John Strangfeld
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer and President
 *AOI, adjusted book value, as well as operating return on equity, which is based on AOI and adjusted book value, are non-GAAP measures. See footnote (1) on page 5 and footnote (A) on page 8 for further description of AOI. See footnote (1) on page 5 and footnote (C) on page 8 for further description of adjusted book value and operating return on equity.
4 Prudential Financial, Inc. 2016 Annual Report
