Message from the Chairman
Dear fellow shareholders: 2015 marked a significant and exciting year in Prudential's history. In October, we celebrated our 140th anniversary, commemorating our founding in 1875 as The Prudential Friendly Society. One highlight of this anniversary year was the grand opening of Prudential Tower, which is featured on the cover of this report. This newly constructed building in our hometown of Newark, N.J., is the headquarters of our global investment management business, known as PGIM. The construction of Prudential Tower represents much more than just the opening of a new office building. It is a reaffirmation of our long-time dedication to Newark, which Prudential has called home since our founding, and of our commitment to the success of this vibrant community. It is also a commitment to our dedicated employees in Newark and further enhancing our pool of talent to support our growth. As part of our efforts to support Newark's revitalization, we have made a series of investments in the neighborhood around our new building. We view Prudential Tower as a symbol of the promising future that lies ahead for both our company and our headquarters city. We delivered solid performance in challenging conditions In 2015, despite challenging economic conditions and headwinds, we met our earnings per share guidance and achieved a return on equity (ROE)* that exceeded our objective of 13 to 14 percent. For the year, we reported solid core growth in many of our businesses and continued to invest in future opportunities. Our fundamentals remain strong and customers continue to see value in the solutions we offer, as demonstrated by the robust flows of client assets into our businesses. Our superior financial strength and capital flexibility, supported by our unique mix of complementary businesses and strong execution, have enabled us to deliver returns on equity that have trended above our peer group. At the same time, we continue to return capital to shareholders in a highly disciplined manner. In 2015, we returned about $2 billion of capital to shareholders through $1 billion of share repurchases and just over $1 billion of common stock dividends. In addition, in December 2015, our Board of Directors authorized a 21 percent increase in our quarterly dividend and a 50 percent increase in our 2016 share repurchase authorization, raising it to $1.5 billion. Both of these actions reflect an increasing level of capital generation in our businesses. For 2015, on an after-tax adjusted operating income (AOI)* basis, Prudential earned $4.649 billion, or $10.04 per Common share, compared to $4.355 billion, or $9.21 per Common share, for the company's Financial Services Businesses in 2014. Based on U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), net income attributable to Prudential Financial was $5.642 billion, or $12.17 per Common share, for 2015, compared to $1.533 billion, or $3.23 per Common share, for the company's Financial Services Businesses in 2014. Net income is affected by items that are volatile in nature and that do not necessarily reflect our economic results. In 2014, net income included volatility from foreign currency exchange rate remeasurement, which was largely offset by changes in the unrealized gains/ losses on assets in our balance sheet that were not included in net income. In 2015, we took steps to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate remeasurement on reported results, demonstrating our commitment to simplify our operations and reduce sources of volatility in our earnings. In addition, our book value per share (excluding accumulated other comprehensive income and foreign currency exchange rate remeasurement) as of December 31, 2015, grew nearly 14 percent compared to 2014. This strength reflects more consistency between our operating income and net income, one of our key priorities. Our worldwide assets under management continued to increase, reaching approximately $1.184 trillion by year-end 2015. This growth is an important indicator of the confidence our clients have in our company. Our solid performance and actions during the year reflect our continued commitment to maintaining our strategic mix of highquality businesses, managing risk appropriately, deploying capital effectively and pursuing profitable growth over the long term.

"Our superior financial strength and capital flexibility, supported by our unique mix of complementary businesses and strong execution, have enabled us to deliver returns on equity that have trended above our peer group."
-- John Strangfeld

*AOI is a non-GAAP financial measure we use to analyze the operating performance of our company. See footnote (1) on page 5 and footnote (A) on page 7 for a further description of AOI. ROE is based on after-tax AOI and excludes accumulated other comprehensive income and amounts included for foreign currency exchange rate remeasurement on attributed equity.

Prudential Financial, Inc. 2015 Annual Report

1

We remain committed to four primary priorities that are fundamental to the strength of our operations: 1. Our strategic business mix, purposefully focused on Protection, Retirement and Asset Management, which drives our performance and differentiates us as a company. Our focus on these three areas is the result of numerous actions taken over several years, including acquisitions in key markets and the divesture of businesses that were not core to our mission. 2. Our high-quality businesses, which have leading positions in the markets in which we operate, as well as outstanding leadership, strong fundamentals and high rates of customer satisfaction. 3. Our financial strength and brand, which remain integral to our ability to deliver on our long-term promises to our customers. 4. The talent of our people and the culture of our company, which remain our most important competitive advantage and drive the performance of our businesses. We are confident in our earnings power Our performance over the past few years reinforces our confidence that our diversified and balanced business mix positions us well for sustainable long-term performance consistent with our goals. Our complementary business mix, combined with our strong execution and opportunistic approach to markets, has enabled us to grow our earnings per share, based on after-tax AOI, at a pace well above industry averages ­ about 12 percent annually over the last five years. This growth has contributed to our ability to deploy increasing amounts of capital to shareholders through dividends and buybacks, amounting to about $9 billion since the beginning of 2011. Our ability to exceed an ROE of 13 to 14 percent, our long-term objective, for each of the past three years confirms our confidence in our earnings power. We continue to believe that this ROE objective is appropriate, given our mix of businesses and ongoing investments to support longer-term growth, and one that we can achieve throughout a market cycle. Achieving that level of performance differentiates us in the marketplace, while ensuring we have the flexibility to invest in our businesses, capitalize on opportunities and deliver value to our shareholders. We execute effectively In 2015, our businesses continued to perform well, despite significant market headwinds. Our International Insurance segment delivered another year of solid performance, and the fundamentals and earnings power of its underlying businesses remain strong. We continue to look for opportunities to expand our presence in the countries in which we currently operate, as well as select other markets where we see long-term growth potential. In March 2016, we completed the acquisition of a stake in a leading provider of retirement services in Chile. This strategic partnership expands our presence in Latin
2
Prudential Financial, Inc. 2015 Annual Report

America, a region where we see potential for long-term growth, and enables us to participate in the growing Chilean pension market. In our U.S. businesses, we are seeing fundamental growth drivers in several areas. In 2015, our Asset Management segment generated unaffiliated third-party net flows of $22 billion for the year, including its 13th consecutive year of positive net institutional flows. In addition, sales within our Individual Life insurance segment grew 31 percent across products, while meeting our targeted product mix. We also continue to see significant opportunity in the retirement arena. We serve retail and institutional clients in multiple capacities, including through our defined contribution, stable value, pension risk transfer and annuity platforms, and we bring exceptional execution skills and asset management capabilities. We believe the growth and margin opportunity through the longer-term theme of retirement puts us in position to deliver significant value to our shareholders. We continued to show leadership in the pension risk transfer market, closing approximately $9 billion of significant funded and unfunded case wins during the year. Our success reflects the impact of our strategic investments in our retirement business over the past decade. Pension risk transfer is an area of specialty for which we believe we are uniquely suited and where we continue to see exciting growth opportunities. We also view annuities as a key part of the broader retirement theme and a core product in our global platform of businesses, with solid return and cash flow prospects. In our Individual Annuities segment, we remain disciplined in our pricing and are achieving our diversification objectives. We generate good risk-adjusted returns from variable annuities, particularly as competitors have exited the market and we have improved the risk profile of our products. In 2015, our U.S. businesses also produced attractive underwriting margins. Most notably, our Retirement segment delivered significant positive case experience in pension risk transfer for the year. Our Individual Life segment delivered solid underwriting results, reflecting growth of our universal life and term insurance business. Our Group Insurance segment also produced solid underwriting results, particularly in disability, which has benefited from its multiyear pricing efforts. We are confident that our Group Insurance segment is positioned for controlled growth, with ongoing pricing and underwriting discipline, reflecting the substantial completion of underwriting and repricing actions we have taken over the last few years. We manage capital prudently and seek to reduce complexity and volatility in results Effective capital management remains a hallmark of our company and an essential element of our overall strategy. Maintaining robust capital and liquidity positions enables us to retain the capital strength and flexibility we need to pursue new opportunities while providing a source of insulation from market volatility.

We balance financial strength and flexibility with our commitment to shareholder returns through dividends and share repurchases. In addition, one of our key strategic priorities is to reduce the complexity and volatility in our business and increase transparency in our earnings, to ensure the full picture of our fundamental strength is clear. To that end, we have taken several significant steps over the past two years to simplify our operations and reduce sources of volatility in our earnings. As we previously reported, in December 2014 and January 2015, we completed the redemption of the Intermediate Holding Company (IHC) debt and repurchased and canceled the Class B Stock related to our Closed Block Business, which was created at the time we converted from a mutual life insurance company to a stock life insurance company in December 2001. These transactions simplified our operating structure and enhanced our financial flexibility. In addition, we took steps to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate remeasurement on our reported results. The effectiveness of this initiative was reflected in the greater consistency and transparency of our reported earnings throughout 2015. Finally, in December 2015, we announced the planned recapture of our living benefit riders from our variable annuity captive to manage this risk in our statutory insurance entities. The planned recapture will be implemented in 2016, and we expect that it will reduce volatility and increase our financial flexibility. As our actions in 2015 demonstrate, we remain committed to delivering additional value to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. From the commencement of share repurchases in July 2011 through December 31, 2015, the company has acquired 65.0 million shares of its Common Stock, at a total cost of $4.4 billion. In addition, during the same period, we paid shareholder dividends of approximately $4.4 billion. We contribute to the creation of effective regulation Since receiving notice in September 2013 that the Financial Stability Oversight Council had designated the company for supervision by the Federal Reserve, Prudential has been supervised by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and is subject to additional regulatory standards, many of which have not been developed. Since our designation, we have been working with the staff of the Federal Reserve Board to help them build a deeper understanding of our businesses. In December 2015, we submitted our second Resolution Plan to the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. We continue to engage in constructive discussions with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, as well as other regulatory authorities, regarding appropriate supervision of insurers, especially given the important differences between insurance companies and banks. In particular, we remain in discussions with our regulators on the development of capital

standards tailored for insurance companies. While the final standards are still under development, we believe that Prudential will be well capitalized under any reasonable standard. We will remain engaged at both the global and domestic levels in the development of standards that are beneficial to consumers and preserve competition within the insurance industry. We are proud of our work as a corporate citizen A commitment to strong corporate governance is a fundamental tenet at Prudential. It supports our ability to create long-term value and to meet our obligations to all of our stakeholders, including our shareholders, our customers, our regulators and our employees. The expertise and independence of our Board of Directors is a key element of our program of corporate governance and a competitive advantage for our company. We regularly evaluate our directors' skills, and identify new candidates based on the insights and knowledge they could bring. Between May 2015 and February 2016, we appointed four new Board members, who, like our other directors, represent diverse viewpoints, with a wide array of experiences, professions, skills and backgrounds. These qualities enable the Board to best fulfill its responsibilities for the long-term interests of our shareholders. In addition, a steadfast commitment to integrity remains our solemn promise in every aspect of how we operate. We were pleased that our long-standing commitment to placing our customers' needs first and to doing business the right way was recognized in 2015 when we were named among the World's Most Ethical Companies® by the Ethisphere Institute, a global leader in defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices. This recognition is bestowed on organizations that promote ethical business standards and practices, enabling managers and employees to make good choices. Sustainability is another key focus, and our efforts are continuously evolving and informed by proactive, broad and deep stakeholder engagement. In 2015, we continued our progress in sustainability, with particular focus on four areas that underlie our company's future well-being: · Financial assets that deliver value to shareholders; · Intellectual assets that allow us to innovate to meet customer needs; · Human assets that form talented teams who produce enduring results; · Social assets that help build a shared and lasting prosperity. Our commitment to social responsibility is another key aspect of our identity as a company. We were pleased to have our long-term commitment to serving and supporting underserved communities acknowledged in 2015 by the Civic 50, an initiative that recognizes America's most community-minded companies. We continue to bring together our diverse resources ­ financial expertise, human and financial capital ­ to drive our efforts to help the underserved achieve economic security.

Prudential Financial, Inc. 2015 Annual Report

3

With this purpose in mind, we continue our efforts to support the revitalization of our hometown of Newark. In 2015, as we proudly opened the new Prudential Tower, our strategic investments to help Newark become a stronger and more vibrant city took on special meaning. To further support urban renewal in the neighborhood around the tower, Prudential has made more than $150 million in investments in downtown revitalization projects, such as the redevelopment of the landmark Hahne & Co. Building, the restoration of the historic Military Park and the conversion of a former bank building into a boutique hotel. These projects, along with other investments, are helping revive Newark's downtown. We continue to look for innovative ways to reinforce our mission to promote financial security and our commitment to social responsibility. We value our talent and our culture We continue to believe that our talent and our culture will be the most important factors in our long-term success. They define us as a company, drive our performance and are highly valued by our stakeholders. I describe our culture as characterized by no drama, low ego, high professionalism and high impact. It helps us identify both challenges and opportunities, and shapes our ability to collaborate and innovate. Our culture also helps us stand out in a crowded competitive field and enhances our ability to attract both new customers and promising new talent. The expertise, creativity and integrity of our people continue to differentiate us in the marketplace. Diversity and inclusion are a key focus in every aspect of our operations. They shape and enhance our talent initiatives, our work in the community and our efforts to address the needs of the multicultural marketplace in which we operate. Our ongoing efforts to help U.S. military Veterans transition from success in the military to success in the corporate environment remain an important part of our talent management efforts. With the 2014 opening of our Business and Technology Solutions Center in El Paso, Texas, we have broadened these efforts to encompass training and support for military spouses and other family members of active military members, particularly through our partnership with Workforce Opportunity Services, a nonprofit organization with a proven track record of creating work/study programs. In 2015, as part of our commitment to the city and residents of El Paso, Prudential announced $870,000 in grants to create a skilled math and technology workforce, specifically targeting Latino students, Veterans and military spouses.

External recognition of Prudential's commitment to diversity and to providing a supportive workplace
Recognition Working Mother "100 Best Companies" LATINA Style "50 Best Companies for Latinas in the U.S." National Association for Female Executives "Top 50 Companies for Executive Women" DiversityInc "Top 50 Companies for Diversity" Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index Dave Thomas Foundation "Best Adoption-Friendly Workplaces" GI Jobs "Top 100 Military Friendly Employers" Military Times EDGE "Best for Vets Employers" Computerworld "Best Places to Work in IT" Points of Light & Bloomberg "The Civic 50" Prudential's Record

26 years 18 years 16 years 15 years 14 years 9 years 6 years 6 years 7 years 1 year

In 2015, our efforts to promote diversity and inclusion, support Veterans and their families and be an employer of choice were again recognized by a wide variety of external organizations. In February 2016, we were also pleased to be named by FORTUNE® as the No. 1 world's most admired company in the life and health insurance category for the third time since 2010. We are proud of our history and excited about the future While 2015 brought significant challenges, our solid performance for the year confirmed our confidence in our business mix, our strategy, our market positioning and our talent and culture. We believe that we can continue to achieve performance that distinguishes us from our peers and enables us to invest in our businesses, while preparing for future growth and delivering value to our stakeholders. Thank you for your continued confidence and interest in Prudential. I look forward to sharing news of our growth and accomplishments in the future.

John Strangfeld

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President

4

Prudential Financial, Inc. 2015 Annual Report

