 Global Reports LLC
Michael Flannery
Chairman, President and CEO
Pope & Talbot, Inc.
To Our Shareholders:
For the year ended December 31, 2006, Pope & Talbot, Inc. reported net income of $45.3 million, or $2.79 per share, compared to a net loss of $50.0 million or $3.09 per share in 2005. This dramatic change is attributable to several factors, the largest of which is the non-recurring receipt in the fourth quarter of a total of $127.5 million of duty refunds and interest from the settlement of the softwood lumber dispute. Other factors included improved pulp pricing and lower lumber import duties. These factors were offset in part by lower realizations in wood products driven by lower shipments and reduced pricing, year over year strength in the average daily Canadian dollar exchange rate and increases in environmental reserves.
The pulp market showed strength through 2006. Revenues in our pulp business improved 5% due entirely to net realizations for the Company’s product mix increasing by $66 per ton or 12%. Lumber markets reflected weakness in the housing sector with Company wood product revenues falling 8% from 2005 levels and net realizations falling 7% or $28 per thousand board feet for the same period. The year was challenging from an operating perspective. In pulp the Company produced 20,000 fewer tons than in 2005 and shipped 52,000 fewer tons. Production was impacted by available wood chip supply resulting from poor lumber markets in the fourth quarter. The shipment differential was caused by lower production, higher than normal shipment levels in December 2005 and inventory building stemming from transportation issues over the year end. The lumber business matched production levels with the previous year at 883 million board feet made possible by the Company enjoying a full year of operations of the Fort St. James mill that was acquired in April 2005. This was offset by reduced production from the Midway sawmill due in part to the planned reduction in its operations related to the Grand Forks sawmill expansion and in part to downtime taken at Midway in the second and third quarters due to lack of logs and a start up curve of a new planer at the Grand Forks mill. Shipments were 14 million board feet lower in 2006 reflecting adverse market conditions and inventory building.
Through 2006, the strengthening of the daily average exchange rate between the Canadian dollar and the US dollar reduced operating income by an estimated $34.2 million. At the end of the third quarter the Company embarked upon a strategy to reduce earnings volatility from exchange rate changes and to hedge against the short-term economic impact of these changes. While the Canadian dollar weakened in the fourth quarter, the Company believes the objectives of the hedging program are being met.
SG&A expenses were higher in 2006 by $5.9 million. Excluding the year to year change in environmental reserve accruals for two former sawmill locations of $5.3 million and an increase in incentive compensation accruals triggered by the return of the duty refund of $3.2 million, SG&A expenses were $2.6 million or 7% lower than those incurred in 2005.
In 2006, the Company adopted a new accounting pronouncement, SFAS 158, which had a great impact on the financial statements. SFAS No. 158 concerns the funded status and recognition provisions of defined benefit and other postretirement plans. The result of the adoption of this new standard was a net charge to other comprehensive income, and resultant reduction in equity, of $37.2 million.

In June 2006, the Company successfully refinanced a significant portion of its outstanding debt with a new six year $250 million term loan and a $75 million revolving credit facility. With the receipt of the duty refund in November, the Company prepaid $63 million of term debt and reduced revolver cash borrowings to zero. This provided both capital structure and liquidity improvement as of the end of the year. Further liquidity enhancement was achieved with an amendment to the credit agreement signed in December 2006. The Company remained in full compliance with its credit agreement at
December 31, 2006.
The credit agreement contains financial covenants including one based on defined EBITDA, which is tested on a quarterly basis. Compliance with this covenant cannot be assured because the Company’s results of operations are highly dependent on price fluctuations in pulp and lumber markets and in the Canadian to US dollar exchange rate. The Company’s independent auditors cited uncertainty over the Company’s ability to comply in future periods with the EBITDA covenant contained in the credit agreement. As a result, their report included in the 2006 Annual Report on Form 10-K contained an explanatory paragraph that this factor raises substantial doubt with the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. In its evaluation of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, the Company concluded that such control over financial reporting was effective thereby eliminating the material weakness noted in prior years.
We are currently addressing options to improve our balance sheet and position the company to improve long term shareholder value. These options include asset sales and equity recapitalizations alone or in combination. The management team is cognizant of the opportunity currently presented by our improved balance sheet, a healthy pulp market and renewed interest in our industry sectors as manifested by recent M&A activity, and is working diligently to meet our objectives.
 Global Reports LLC
