LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
  Dear Shareholder,
While fiscal 2001 was a challenging year for The Pantry, we remained focused on our long- term goal of being the best convenience store chain in the Southeastern United States. Despite unfavorable market conditions during the year, we took significant steps to streamline our processes, enhance our efficiency and direct our resources toward strengthening our oper- ations across the board.
These actions have not only allowed us to maintain our leadership position in our primary markets, they have also positioned us to make even greater strides as we go forward. In short, throughout fiscal 2001, our focus was to implement “Strategic Moves,” which we are confident will result in a “Stronger Future” for our Company.
Financial Performance
For fiscal 2001, the Company reported net income before restructuring and unusual charges of $2.9 million compared to net earnings of $14.0 million in fiscal year 2000. Before restructuring and unusual charges, earnings per diluted share were $0.16 versus $0.74 in fiscal year 2000. Including these charges, net loss was $2.7 million, or a loss per share of $0.15. Total revenues for the year were $2.6 billion, up 8.7% from fiscal year 2000. Merchandise revenues and gasoline revenues increased 6.7% and 10.4%, respectively. Fiscal year 2001 EBITDA was $123.5 million compared to $131.2 million recorded in fiscal year 2000.
 In fiscal 2001, we took significant steps to streamline our processes, enhance our efficiency and direct our resources toward strengthening our operations across the board. We are certain that these strategic moves will result in a stronger future for our Company.
        1
Honing Our Strategy
     Our results for the year were impacted by several factors including the ongoing and often dra- matic increase in the wholesale price of gasoline and increased competition in selected markets. In addition, the economic downturn in fiscal 2001 led to a significant decline in tourism at resort locations in the Southeast such as Myrtle Beach, Hilton Head, Jacksonville and the greater Orlando area, all markets in which we have a strong presence. Travel to these, and other destinations throughout the Southeast, was further aggravated by the tragic events of September 11. While these factors were clearly out of our control, we did all we could to effectively manage our operations and are proud of the progress we did make in several key areas.
A Focused Strategy
In fiscal 2001, we focused our attention on honing our strategy and implementing initiatives that corresponded to the changes that we have witnessed in our industry and in the economy. As a result, we made important adjustments aimed at optimizing our resources and streamlining our operations throughout our existing store network.
One significant shift was in our acquisition plan. While we still view our selective acquisition program to be a core component of our longer-term growth strategy, we greatly curtailed our acquisitions in fiscal 2001, given prevailing economic and market conditions.

LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS continued
  During the year, we focused on increasing efficiency throughout our business. These efforts centered on the reduc- tion of operating expenses and the implementation of significant technology initiatives that have helped the Company to enhance performance in our stores and at our pumps.
 a sophisticated tool for market mapping and competitor analysis. This system allows us to improve our understanding of the markets we serve and is an important tool for helping us determine where best to apply our resources in order to better meet the needs of our customers.
In addition, we rolled out several in-store systems aimed at growing our merchandise sales and margins. These included enhancing our store reporting and accounting system, a cigarette inventory and ordering system, Orion, and a fast-food menu costing and margin calculation system, Quick Servant. These systems have allowed us to better monitor sales levels, significantly reduce reporting errors at the store level, ensure our stores are well stocked, and help us to strengthen our margins, especially in the area of food service.
In our gasoline operations, we developed a more effective pricing and reporting strategy through the introduction of two state-of-the-art systems. During the year, we completed the implementation of our gasoline reporting, pricing and competitive retail tracking system, GPS, and introduced Telafuel, a comprehensive gasoline monitoring and inventory system. In addition to achieving enhanced efficiency in this area, through these initiatives, during the second half of the year, we also reported significant comparable store gallon improvements, even in light of ongoing economic challenges and volatility in the gasoline market.
         For the year, we acquired 45 new stores, ending the year with 1,324 stores. These acquisitions were in line with our goal of enhancing our position in existing markets and extending our reach into fast-growing contiguous markets. Not only did the addition of these locations strengthen our position in Mississippi, North Carolina and Virginia, they established a presence for The Pantry in the state of Louisiana, an important achievement.
In fiscal 2001, we also focused on increasing efficiency throughout our business. These efforts centered on the reduction of operating expenses and the implementation of significant technology enhancements.
At the corporate level, we completed our restructuring plan, centralizing and strengthening our administrative capabilities at our Sanford, North Carolina headquarters. As part of this effort, we consolidated our Florida support center, reducing existing overlaps and duplicative functions. These actions are expected to lower operating expenses by approximately $5 million on an annualized basis. In addition, we instituted other cost-cutting initiatives aimed at further strengthening the bottom line. Important among these was the introduction of an automated repair and maintenance system as well as a program for tracking requests, status and completion. These measures already allowed us to reduce costs by more than $400,000 for this year to date when measured against the expenditures of the last fiscal year. We anticipate they will result in even greater costs savings going forward.
The technology initiatives we implemented during the year also enabled us to enhance our operating performance. In fiscal 2001, we introduced the MPSI 95 Retail Explorer system,
    Strong Focus On Efficiency State-of-the-Art Fueling Stations

Peter J. Sodini
President and Chief Executive Officer
Looking to the future, The Pantry will continue to focus on streaming its operations and leveraging its technology investments to more closely monitor performance, further enhance operating efficiency, and ensure that the Company is well positioned to deliver even stronger results in the years ahead.
     Outlook for the Future
 As we look ahead to fiscal 2002, there is uncertainly as to when we will see an upturn or to what degree the geopolitical realities of today will impact our economy. What we are confi- dent of, however, is that the actions we have taken during the year position us to enhance our performance and strengthen our results once operating conditions improve.
Going forward, we will continue our focus on streamlining our business and leveraging our technology investments in order to more closely monitor performance throughout all of our locations. While we do not expect that market conditions will allow us to pursue an aggres- sive acquisition strategy in the year ahead, we do anticipate that these actions will make us more competitive than ever and allow us to grow our business through increased traffic at our pumps and in our stores.
In closing, we would like to thank our employees for their continued hard work and com- mitment to providing the best service in the industry. It is their dedication that has enabled us to meet the challenges of the past year. We would also like to acknowledge the ongoing sup- port of our shareholders and customers as we reaffirm our resolve to provide you with greater value in the future. We look forward to the year ahead and will update you on our progress.
  2
&
 3
       Fueling up at The Pantry’s Pumps
