 In fiscal 2004, we delivered record operating results—by a wide margin. We achieved these results in the face of remarkable volatility in gasoline prices, as well as four major hurricanes that struck Florida and the Southeast during our fourth fiscal quarter. In addition, we made significant progress during the year toward a number of key strategic objec- tives. Overall, we believe our efforts have positioned us well for future growth, organically and through acquisition.
Total revenues for the year were $3.5 billion, a 27% increase from fiscal 2003. Excluding financing-related charges, net income was $33.6 million, double the previous year. On the same basis, diluted earnings per share were $1.63, up 79% from $0.91 in fiscal 2003; for a recon- ciliation to net income as reported, see page 54. Adjusted EBITDA for the year was $154.5 million, an 18% increase. We believe these impressive results reflect the continued strong performance of our core stores, benefits from the acquisition of 138 Golden Gallon® stores, and the refinancing of virtually all our debt at significantly lower interest rates.
The Golden Gallon® acquisition, com- pleted in October 2003, has many of the characteristics we will be looking for in potential purchases as we go forward. The Golden Gallon® stores are located in eastern Tennessee and northwest Georgia, fitting nicely into our existing geographic distribution. They are high-volume stores that are well established in their local
markets. There were a number of readily identifiable synergy opportunities, rang- ing from reducing corporate overhead to integrating the chain with The Pantry’s favorable vendor agreements.
At the outset, we projected that Golden Gallon® would be accretive to earnings per share by $0.40 to $0.45 in fiscal 2004. We met that objective. The initial integration was virtually seamless, and we completed a merchandise reset of the Golden Gallon® stores less than two months after the closing. Additional ben- efits, including the full consolidation of the chain into our gasoline supply agree- ments and the rollout of additional quick service restaurants, are still to come.
Building Our Merchandise Momentum
Our core convenience stores turned
in another solid performance in fiscal 2004. Merchandise, the most profitable part of the business, accounted for 34% of our revenue for the year, but a full 72% of our gross profit. Taken together, our merchandise initiatives produced
a 3.4% increase in comparable store sales, while total merchandise gross profit rose 16.4%. Our gross margin
for the year was 36.3%, a 10 basis- point improvement over fiscal 2003.
For The Pantry, merchandising is truly a science, and our size and resources provide us with important advantages relative to many of our smaller competi- tors. We are continually fine-tuning our product assortment, presentation and
store layout to optimize merchandise revenues and profitability. Technology plays an important role; during fiscal 2004, we aggressively expanded our installations of checkout scanners to 939 stores, from 319 a year earlier. Scanners help us make faster and better decisions about inventory levels and product mix—customized for particular regions and even individual stores.
Our private label strategy is an important
source of sales and profit growth. It allows
us to offer high-margin products at an
attractive price for value-conscious con-
sumers. This year, we added Red Celeste®
Energy Drinks, Sugar-Free Red Celeste®
Energy Drinks, Diet Celeste® Cola, and
Big Valley Beef Jerky to a line-up of pri-
vate label and control label products
that includes Celeste® spring water and
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
soft drinks, and Kangaroo® motor oil. In ®
2005, we plan to roll out Cellestte StSatrasrTMs candy and more beverages, including Celeste® Sports Drinks. The potential
of our private label products is under- scored by the fact that in 2004, we sold 850,000 cases of Celeste® spring water and another 820,000 cases of Celeste® soft drinks at very attractive profit margins.
We are also enthusiastic about our food service business. Bean Street Coffee Company®, The Chill ZoneSM fountain and frozen drink stations, and the new Deli Express sandwich program are
all examples of our strategy of making
 10
  
        more high-margin choices more acces- sible and appealing to our customers. For instance, we have added our Bean Street Coffee Company® concept in 550 stores, with another 200 planned for 2005. These upgrades have generated consistent 15% increases in category sales, as well as improved profitability.
We believe the popularity of quick ser- vice restaurants (QSRs) represents yet another avenue for growth. QSRs add
to our bottom line in a number of ways. In part because of their “destination” appeal to consumers, they not only gen- erate significant sales and profits in their own right, but tend to stimulate spending in other categories. We have developed a portfolio of relationships with fran- chisors; currently, we have 211 QSR operations, including 64 Subway®s,
as well as Hardee’s®, Church’s® and our proprietary, Aunt M’s®. We continue to pursue new concepts to expand our food service offerings and are adding Quiznos Sub® in 2005.
A Stronger Brand Identity
During the year, we continued to imple- ment the gasoline conversion and reim- aging programs that we launched as part of our comprehensive supply agree- ments with BP® Products and Citgo® Petroleum Corporation in fiscal 2003. Under those agreements, we are consol- idating the gasoline operations at over 1,000 of our stores from 20 suppliers to just three: BP®/Amoco®, Citgo®, and our
own Kangaroo® gas (supplied by Citgo®). With these agreements, we agreed to either convert or reimage the stores under those brands over the subsequent two years. During fiscal 2004, we renegotiated our agreement with BP® to include 70 Golden Gallon® stores, and extended it to December 2009. This brought the total number of planned conversions or remodels to approxi- mately 1,100. At year-end, we had completed work on 575 stores.
The new terms negotiated under our supply agreements—combined with
our sophisticated proprietary pricing system—helped us to maintain our gasoline margin in fiscal 2004 at 12.0 cents per gallon (after deductions for credit card user fees and gas equip- ment maintenance costs). This was in line with our internal objectives and down only slightly from fiscal 2003’s 12.4 cent margin, despite the general uptrend in crude oil prices during the year from $28 per barrel to almost $50 and increased credit card fees. Comparable store gasoline gallons were up 2.0% for the year, and total gasoline gross profit increased 14%.
As we execute the gasoline upgrades store by store, we are also methodically rebranding the merchandise operations at these locations under our Kangaroo ExpressSM banner. We view this initiative as a critical component of our longer-term growth strategy. Two years ago, because
of our history of growth through acquisi- tions, our stores operated under nearly two dozen distinct brand names, which diluted our presence in the marketplace.
When we complete the remodeling and conversion programs at the end of cal- endar 2005, the merchandise operations at about 1,100 of our stores—more than 80% of the total—will be unified under the Kangaroo ExpressSM brand. For the first time, we will be delivering a con- sistent and inviting experience for consumers regardless of store location. At Kangaroo ExpressSM, they can expect high-quality food service, hot and cold beverages, and a variety of merchandise selected to meet the needs of conve- nience shoppers—including both national and private label brands. We believe the emergence of Kangaroo ExpressSM has already raised our profile with customers and increased the impact of our promo- tions. Most importantly, we are seeing positive trends in merchandise sales at the remodeled stores.
Positioned for Future Growth
During the year, we significantly enhanced our capability to complete more acquisi- tions. Thanks to our improved financial performance and the continued low interest rate environment, we were able to achieve a dramatic reduction in our interest expense while stretching out required principal payments and increas- ing our financial flexibility. During the second fiscal quarter, we refinanced
 11
  
 Peter J. Sodini
President and Chief Executive Officer
Joseph A. Krol
Senior Vice President, Operations
David M. Zaborski
Vice President, Marketing
Steven J. Ferreira
Senior Vice President, Administration and Strategic Planning
Daniel J. Kelly
Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer
almost all of the company’s debt. First, we called our outstanding 10.25% senior-subordinated notes and issued new 10 year notes with a coupon of 7.75%. Then we renegotiated our bank facilities, achieving average savings of the same magnitude. Toward the end
of the year, we negotiated another repricing of our bank debt, reducing
our interest rate spread by an additional 50 basis points. Our interest expense savings in the second half of fiscal 2004 amounted to $0.18 per share.
We finished the year with $108 million in cash on the balance sheet, free cash flow on an annualized basis of more than $60 million, and a leverage ratio under four times. We believe we have reduced our exposure in the event of further increases in short-term interest rates by fixing our interest rate on 80% of our debt. Overall, we believe we are very well positioned to complete addi- tional acquisitions, and are continually reviewing a wide variety of potential opportunities. Our biggest challenge is not finding possible deals, but narrowing down the field to those that fit well with our existing store base and meet our economic criteria.
With the progress we have made across many fronts, The Pantry is a stronger, more efficient company as we move into fiscal 2005. We have clearly increased our ability to compete effectively in a dynamic industry that can be demand- ing, but that remains rich with opportu- nity. The opportunities are especially compelling in the Southeast, with its attractive demographics, and we have a strong market position across the region. We look forward to leveraging those strengths in fiscal 2005 and beyond.
With this report, we cordially welcome many new shareholders to The Pantry. In January 2004, we significantly expanded the company’s ownership base and increased the stock’s float with a secondary stock offering of 5.8 million shares. Shortly after the end of the fiscal year, we completed an offering of an additional 3.9 million secondary shares, as well as a forward sale agree- ment covering up to 1.5 million primary shares. This transaction essentially raised $32.8 million of potential equity financing for future acquisitions.
In closing, we would like to thank all our shareholders for their ongoing loyalty and support. In addition, we want to recognize the substantial contributions of our employees and directors throughout a very successful year. Thanks to their dedi- cation and hard work, we have achieved results beyond our expectations, and
set the stage for a bright future.
Sincerely,
Peter J. Sodini
President and Chief Executive Officer
  12
  