 :: letter to oUr stockHolders ::
i am very pleased to be writing my first letter to you, the shareholders of the Pantry. Upon joining the company at the end of september 2009, i visited many of our stores and met with our associates to better understand the Pantry’s culture. i have been impressed with the commitment of our people and energized by their dedication to serving our customers. Before i share my thoughts about the future, i’ll first turn to the fiscal year just ended.
Earnings per share in fiscal 2009 were $2.65, up 85% from fiscal 2008, and the second highest in our history. Our results were influenced by a strong gasoline margin of 15.0 cents per gallon, well above our historical average. The Company also benefitted from a reduction in store operating expenses in the second half of the fiscal year.
The 2009 economic environment was challenging for consumers and businesses alike. The downturn in miles driven pressured our same-store merchandise and gasoline gallon volume performance, yet the Company made meaningful progress in several areas. We bought back $24 million in principal amount of our convertible bonds and $3 million in principal amount of our senior subordinated notes, each at a discount, resulting in a pre-tax gain of $7.2 million. Combined, we retired 6% of our debt. We acquired 41 new stores and built three new ones. We ended 2009 with $170 million in cash and cash equivalents compared to $217 million at the end of fiscal 2008.
Now let’s look to the future of The Pantry. Having spent the past 22 years in consumer packaged goods, I have had the benefit of working extensively across a broad array of retail channels. My attraction to the conve- nience retail channel in general, and The Pantry in particular, stems from a belief that we enjoy significant strategic competitive advantages that can drive sustainable growth over time. The Pantry’s combination of small format and premium locations enables us to capitalize on the growing desire of time-starved consumers to make their purchases as quickly and efficiently as possible. No format is better positioned to help people save time than convenience retail.
We do, of course, face challenges. The economic environment remains difficult in most of our markets and the timing and strength of the recovery remains unclear. However, economic conditions are cyclical, and “time-starvation” is a long-term secular trend that is here to stay. Now more than ever, consumers are clear about what they are looking for when shopping for their on-the-go needs. They want to get in and out quickly. They want a clean store with friendly service. They also want the items they need to be in-stock and competi- tively priced. This presents us with great opportunities.
The Pantry’s executive leadership team and I are committed to working with our Board of Directors to ensure that we continuously improve our ability to meet these customer needs. Our operating strategy has three primary focus areas:
1) On-the-Go Meals and Snacks 2) Fast, Friendly, Clean
3) Information Systems

 on-tHe-go Meals and snacks
“Trip consolidation,” combining a grocery fill-in shopping trip with lunch, for example, is a benefit we are well positioned to provide.
To capitalize on this opportunity, we will focus our meals and snacks strategy against on-the-go occasions, with an emphasis on breakfast, lunch and snack offerings. In 2010, we plan to advance on two fronts:
• First, by adding new nationally branded foodservice concepts to 25 of our existing stores, we will be doubling our 2009 pace. Consistent with recent years, the significant majority will be Subway branded.
• Second, we will pilot a re-imaging concept in a limited number of stores in the first half of 2010. At the core of this effort will be an expansion of our on-the-go food assortment anchored by a broader array of fresh products, in a self-serve format. When satisfied we have a winning formula that meets the needs of our customers and our shareholders, we will move to broader commercialization.
Fast, Friendly, clean
The executive leadership team is actively engaging associates throughout the organization in the development of our Operating Framework. A key goal of this project is to improve our ability to deliver against the following foundation-level expectations: fast, friendly and clean. Further, we are finalizing key store-level standards that will enable us to achieve a more consistent guest experience. Given the Company’s legacy of acquisition- driven growth, this initiative is an important step in developing a culture of execution excellence our customers will recognize and appreciate.
inForMation systeMs
Winning retailers understand the value of mining transactional data to better deliver against the needs of their customers. We believe thoughtful investment in information technology is a prime enabler of key strategic capabilities, including locally tailored assortments in crucial categories, price optimization, category manage- ment, and labor productivity. We believe that performance improvement in these areas will result in improved returns from our existing store base.
We are moving quickly to build our capability and have recently established and filled the position of Chief Information Officer.
We enter 2010 with a solid cash position and are focused on putting it to work in ways that will generate meaningful shareholder returns. Though we are very focused on improving the performance of our existing stores, incremental store growth principally through acquisition will continue to play an important role in our long-term growth plans. Our approach will be disciplined, ensuring that additions to our portfolio have a strategic purpose and/or are accretive to our current returns.
We are in a great and resilient industry. Time and time again, winning convenience retailers have found ways to evolve their business models to meet the changing needs of consumers, and to thrive. I believe The Pantry is very well positioned to drive sustained improvement over time by being disciplined, and executing these few high-impact, customer-centric strategies.
Sincerely,
Terrance M. Marks
President and Chief Executive Officer
 