        Dear Fellow Stockholders:
2014 was a year of action for PVH, which further solidified our position as one of the largest branded lifestyle apparel companies in the world. We followed through with the investments that were initiated in 2013, which centered on our people, products, infrastructure, supply chain and distribution. our teams filled open positions across the organization and focused on developing our talent, enhancing the technologies and platforms used across PVH, elevating our product assortments and upgrading the in-store experience for consumers, while taking steps to improve the efficiency of our supply chain. We remained committed to driving market share gains, preserving and improving operating margins, introducing new products and creating innovative marketing for our brands. We started to see that these investments were taking hold in late 2014, and we believe that these actions will be critical to driving long-term financial growth for PVH.
From a financial perspective, PVH’s 2014 results were characterized by two distinct stories that share one common thread. the first half of the year was marked by continued investments in our Calvin Klein business and an overly promotional retail environment in North America. the second half evidenced the initial stages of a recovery in the Calvin Klein business, as our investments began to yield improvements in performance, and our business
held up despite continued promotional pressures and foreign exchange volatility, which had an impact on our international business results, particularly in tommy Hilfiger. throughout the year, macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges existed, tempering results in all regions. For the year, our earnings per share on a non-GAAP basis grew 4% to $7.30*, including an approximate $0.15 negative impact related to foreign currency exchange rates, as our iconic global designer lifestyle brands, Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, further expanded their operations worldwide and drove our performance. the worldwide consumer appeal of Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger resulted in the continued expansion of sales, market share and the global reach of these two brands, which in 2014 represented over 75% of our business.
While our financial results were below our initial expectations, our diversified business model and solid execution enabled us to manage through the volatile environment and achieve 16%* earnings per share growth on a non-GAAP basis in the second half of 2014. there continued to be positive momentum in our businesses – with particular strength in tommy Hilfiger, Warner’s, Calvin Klein underwear and North America sportswear. We ended 2014 with our Calvin Klein and tommy Hilfiger businesses well positioned to navigate through the uncertain consumer environment and foreign exchange rate volatility expected in 2015.
   02 LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS PVH CoRP. ANNuAl RePoRt
*Non-GAAP financial measures reconciled on pages 30-32.

                                 Emanuel Chirico
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
                             THE PEOPLE OF PVH. THIS COLLAGE CONSISTS OF SELFIES FrOM Our 2014 VALuES CAMPAIGN.
 
total Revenue
2014: ~$8.2BN
By Brand
22%
Calvin Klein
operating Income
2014: ~$921MM*†
  By Brand
39%
  43%
35%
tommy Hilfiger
11%
Heritage Brands
50%
   WE CONTINuED TO MAkE STrATEGIC INVESTMENTS IN Our buSINESSES
TO STrENGTHEN Our OPErATIONS AND ENHANCE THE IMAGE OF EACH OF Our brANDS IN THE MArkETPLACE
Positioning our Businesses
for Long-Term Growth
Despite the challenges to our 2014 earnings, we continued to make strategic investments in our businesses to strengthen our operations and enhance the image of each of our brands in the marketplace. We focused on consumer engagement, with a strong emphasis on our e-commerce operations and digital reach. We invested in our Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger websites to improve the navigation and overall consumer shopping experience, which resulted in double digit growth in our e-commerce sales versus 2013. We also furthered our digital marketing and social media presence across our brands. our investments received many acknowledgements, including Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger both being ranked in the top ten on L2’s Digital IQ Index: Fashion for the second year in a row.
We also focused on succession planning in 2014 to position our businesses for their next phase of global growth. During the second half of 2014, Steven Shiffman was appointed as Chief executive officer, Calvin Klein, replacing tom Murry, who retired, and Daniel Grieder was named Chief executive officer, tommy Hilfiger, PVH europe, replacing Fred Gehring, who remains with us as both Vice Chairman, PVH Corp., and executive Chairman, tommy Hilfiger, serving as a strategic partner for both Daniel and me. Daniel and Steven have long tenures within the businesses they now lead and we believe that they will continue to drive the global growth of these businesses and position them for long-term success.
our February 2013 acquisition of Warnaco significantly expanded our directly owned operations for the Calvin Klein brand and, since then, we have taken steps to unify our brand messaging for a more consistent consumer experience across regions and product lines. We upgraded the design and quality of our products and invested in our shop environments to better convey Calvin Klein’s premium positioning. We improved distribution, significantly reducing our off price and club exposure
*Non-GAAP financial measures reconciled on pages 30-32.
† Figures exclude non-recurring and one-time items. Percentages exclude corporate expenses.
 
 total Revenue
2014: ~$8.2BN
By Region
10%
2%
North America
(U.S., Canada and Mexico)
latin America
(South and Central America and the Caribbean)
operating Income
  28%
60%
2014: ~$921MM*†
By Region
16%
5%
53%
26%
  europe
  (Europe, Middle East and Africa)
Asia / Rest of World
(Asia, Australia and New Zealand)
  and closed approximately 40 Calvin Klein stores in europe to focus on locations that are more brand enhancing. We also launched 360o marketing campaigns to engage consumers across the world, particularly for Calvin Klein Underwear, which continues to deliver strong global performance, and Calvin Klein Jeans, which is embarking on a turnaround in North America and europe.
We continued the integration of the acquired Calvin Klein businesses, including completing systems conversions across North America and europe, and our Asia systems conversion effort will be completed in Spring 2015. We also completed our sourcing integration, which is expected to provide many benefits, including leveraging best practices and partners, faster speed to market capabilities and enhanced quality of our products.
*Non-GAAP financial measures reconciled on pages 30-32. † Figures exclude non-recurring and one-time items.
Calvin Klein Underwear
Shop in Shop; Macy’s Herald Square, New York
one of our largest endeavors was the initiation of the Calvin Klein Jeans turnaround in North America and europe. During Fall 2014, we introduced our updated product lines, which featured enhanced styles, quality, fit and designs. In conjunction with these changes, we opened approximately 225 shop- in-shops in North America and approximately 60 in europe. Initial reads on the new product and shop productivity and profitability were positive, particularly on the men’s side. the Calvin Klein Jeans turnaround is ongoing and we expect continued improvement in 2015. Product upgrades were also a highlight for the Fall 2014 Calvin Klein Underwear collections. We delivered new basic assortments into North America stores that featured enhanced fabrics, waistbands and packaging. to showcase these improvements, we upgraded many existing shops, including Macy’s Herald Square, which is the largest Calvin Klein Underwear shop in the world, and opened new stores in key markets in North America, europe, Asia and Brazil. We also continued to invest in tommy Hilfiger,
 
 which performed well despite the macroeconomic environment. We grew our square footage and gained market share by enhancing our value proposition within our two largest markets, europe and North America. this resulted in gross margin expansion in europe, as our product enhancements were well received and we were able to limit price promotions compared to prior seasons. the Tommy Hilfiger lifestyle continues to resonate with consumers worldwide, and we are capitalizing on this by driving expansion in our growth categories, which include men’s tailored apparel and underwear, as well as womenswear and accessories.
Across many of our Heritage Brands wholesale businesses, including Izod, Van Heusen, Warner’s and Speedo, we reinvested profits to upgrade our shop environments with new fixtures, point of sale marketing and signage. these investments have started to pay dividends, as our new presentations showcase our products more prominently. the Core Intimates and Speedo businesses, which were acquired in the Warnaco acquisition, are now fully integrated into our Heritage Brands platform and are leveraging PVH’s best practices to drive each business.
our commitment to driving long-term financial growth for our stockholders remains strong, and we believe that the actions taken since the Warnaco acquisition will pave the way for future revenue and earnings per share growth. We have paid down over $925 million of the debt incurred at the time of the Warnaco acquisition, including $425 million in 2014, despite the continued investments in our Calvin Klein business. Accordingly, our net leverage ratio has improved to 2.7x* and we plan to pay down at least $425 million of debt in 2015.
Free Cash Flow In Millions
$469
$297
$110
Note: Free cash flow defined as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, contingent purchase price payments to Mr. Klein and dividends.
Tommy Hilfiger
Flagship Store; Paris, France
     2012 2013 2014
   *Non-GAAP financial measures reconciled on pages 30-32.
“PVH is committed to long-term growth and views its balance sheet as a strategic asset
to drive stockholder returns.”
Michael A. Shaffer
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating
& Financial Officer
 
WITH GrEATEr DIrECT CONTrOL OF THE brAND OFFErINGS, WE FOCuSED ON LEVErAGING CAlviN KleiN’S HErITAGE TO GrOW THE TOP AND bOTTOM LINES ACrOSS rEGIONS AND PrODuCT LINES
Calvin Klein
2014 global retail sales of Calvin Klein products were $8.1 billion, as the brand’s provocative, modern design positioning continued to resonate with consumers around the world. Impactful marketing campaigns remained at the core of the Calvin Klein consumer engagement strategy, and with greater direct control of the brand offerings, we focused on leveraging Calvin Klein’s heritage to grow the top and bottom lines across regions and product lines.
During 2014, our Calvin Klein revenues grew 5%* on a constant currency basis (3% growth on a GAAP basis). this was achieved even with the global macroeconomic headwinds and brand-specific actions we took, including transitioning to new Calvin Klein Jeans product in Fall 2014, reducing the brand’s off-price and unattractive account presence and closing underperforming stores in europe. Sales growth was driven by strength in sportswear, men’s and women’s underwear and accessories, which performed well in all key markets. Additionally, we enhanced our existing e-commerce site in the u.S., launched e-commerce platforms in europe and Brazil and introduced a tmall web store in China, which drove outsized online sales growth.
By region, the North American business was strong, achieving 5% revenue growth, driven through healthy comparable store sales growth, market share gains at wholesale and moderate square footage growth. Calvin Klein also posted overall sales gains in Asia, where the brand is positioned well and consumers appreciate its aspirational lifestyle. this helped offset weakness in Calvin Klein’s european operations, which underwent a restructuring beginning in 2013, as management took steps to improve jeanswear performance by upgrading product design and quality, improving distribution and enhancing shop environments. the Calvin Klein repositioning is in its early stages in europe, and with 2014 as a year of investment and rebranding, we believe that Calvin Klein’s performance will begin to improve throughout europe in 2015 and beyond.
We are optimistic about Calvin Klein’s future. the brand position is strong, and we believe that featuring Justin Bieber in the new Calvin Klein Jeans and Calvin Klein Underwear Spring 2015 marketing campaigns will engage consumers, energize the brands and drive business. At the same time, we believe that our investments in Calvin Klein will strengthen our worldwide operations and allow us to grow our global footprint across the retail, wholesale, e-commerce and licensing channels. As we look out further, we will look to operate more businesses directly, which we believe would be additive to the business’s overall growth profile. As we invest in the brand, we believe that Calvin Klein will achieve strong top and bottom line underlying growth in the future.
 *Non-GAAP financial measures reconciled on pages 30-32.

 Tommy HilFiGer’S “PrEPPy WITH A TWIST” DESIGN AESTHETIC CONTINuED TO APPEAL GLObALLy, rESuLTING IN 2014 GLObAL rETAIL SALES OF $6.7 bILLION
Tommy Hilfiger
Tommy Hilfiger’s “preppy with a twist” design aesthetic continued to appeal globally, resulting in 2014 global retail sales of $6.7 billion. During the year, our teams focused on elevating Tommy Hilfiger’s positioning through upgraded product and presentations and enhancing its presence online through digital and e-commerce investments. We focused on expanding in the emerging markets of Asia and latin America, where the brand’s largest growth opportunities are. turning around tommy Hilfiger’s Japanese operations was another effort, and we took steps to reposition this business by upgrading the product to align more closely with Tommy Hilfiger’s premium position globally and closing TOMMY, an unprofitable and brand inconsistent youth-oriented business. While still early, we are starting to see positive signs from our investments and we look forward to seeing further improvement in the underlying business in 2015 and beyond.
Reported revenues for tommy Hilfiger increased 6%* on a constant currency basis, or 4% on a GAAP basis. Growth was driven by tommy Hilfiger’s two largest markets, europe and North America, as our teams delivered on the business strategies, maintained brand integrity and stayed true to Tommy Hilfiger’s premium positioning despite the volatile consumer environment, difficult multi-year comparisons and an aggressively promotional retail backdrop in these regions. In particular, North America had a record year, with revenues growing 6% and operating margins on a non-GAAP basis reaching record levels. International performance, which primarily includes europe, remained strong, with revenues growing 5%* on a constant currency basis (3% on a GAAP basis) and operating margins on a non-GAAP basis expanding 50 basis points*, as our investments to enhance our products and the in-store experience drove results.
We see a healthy path ahead for the Tommy Hilfiger brand. the keys to driving the brand’s future global growth include further elevation of our products, investing in the in-store experience and communicating with consumers in new and creative ways. We believe that bringing on Rafael Nadal as the brand ambassador for Tommy Hilfiger Tailored and Tommy Hilfiger underwear will further engage our existing consumer base and attract new consumers. Additionally, our investments in digital marketing and e-commerce and our expanded presence on social media are positioning us to interact with consumers in a more targeted manner.
08
LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS PVH CoRP. ANNuAl RePoRt
*Non-GAAP financial measures reconciled on pages 30-32.

 Heritage Brands
our Heritage Brands business experienced mixed results during 2014, as healthy performance in the wholesale sportswear, Warner’s and Speedo divisions balanced poor performance within the retail and dress furnishings divisions. even with these significant challenges, revenues for the division decreased only 1% compared to 2013.1
the wholesale sportswear division exhibited solid performance during 2014 and is positioned for further expansion. We continued to interact with and engage consumers through our shop environments in the department store channel and these investments have significantly improved the shopping experience. We were pleased that our two largest sportswear brands, Van Heusen and IZOD, continued to perform strongly within our key department store partners, and the healthy launch of IZOD at Kohl’s in Fall 2014 should bode well for 2015.
Warner’s and Speedo also posted solid results. Across these divisions, we invested in our shop environments, with a particular focus on Speedo within sporting goods retailers and Warner’s at Kohl’s. this proved to be a successful strategy, as consumers were able to view our products and understand their features more easily, resulting in improved conversion rates.
the dress furnishings division underperformed this year, as we did not move quickly to adapt to the changing consumer preferences toward fashion dress
1 excludes $176 million of revenues from the G.H. Bass & Co. business, which we sold on the first day of the fourth quarter of 2013. including Bass revenues, Heritage Brands revenue decreased 9%.
shirts compared to our basic-oriented offerings. this led to markdowns of our excess basic products and overall poor performance. We did, however, maintain our leading position in dress shirts in u.S. department and chain stores and our neckwear and underwear businesses continued to perform and gain share. In 2015, we will focus on better inventory management, as well as innovation and design, as we seek to differentiate our products, improve our dress shirt business and drive healthier performance across the division.
our Heritage Brands Retail division continued to post disappointing performance, which led to our January 2015 decision to close all of our IZOD retail stores, as well as continue to further prune underperforming Van Heusen locations. this decision allows us to focus on our healthy wholesale businesses.
 
 PVH and Our Corporate
Social Responsibility Commitment
Corporate social responsibility (CSR) underpins how we operate and engage with all of our stakeholders – from business partners to factory workers and consumers. our steadfast belief in doing the right thing has been part of PVH’s core values, even as we have experienced rapid growth over the last decade. As an industry leader, we recognize the great responsibility and opportunity to make positive impacts – from source to store – by striving to ensure safe work environments, preserving the environment, empowering people and supporting communities in which we work and live.
CSR at PVH advanced in 2014 as we evolved and introduced new programs, policies and resources to enhance partnerships with key stakeholders, such as our suppliers. We built upon our 20-plus year commitment to human rights by enhancing our CSR monitoring program to better address factory fire and structural safety, starting in Bangladesh. We began to formalize our remediation and capacity building efforts, with a focus on developing long-term solutions to endemic issues. the roll-out of our Chemicals Commitment and Action Plan marked another advancement to create a more robust environmental sustainability program. Additionally, we established a Global Community Relations department to streamline and leverage global strategic programming and philanthropic partnerships through the PVH Foundation, and announced Save the Children as our worldwide philanthropic partner.
these developments reflect initial steps to address the significant social and environmental challenges across our business. We believe the emphasis we
place on CSR today will position PVH for long-term success. to be transparent and generate dialogue with our stakeholders about these topics, we provide updates through our annual CSR reporting on PVHCSR.com. We believe that our dedication to CSR across our brands and businesses is and will continue to be a key competitive advantage as we strive to deliver future growth and stockholder value.
Establishing a Path of Sustainable Long-Term Growth
With 2014 as a crucial year of investments made to strengthen and grow our businesses, we see a sustainable trajectory of long-term financial growth for 2015 and beyond. talent management has been one of PVH’s largest focus areas, as we view our people as a critical asset.
 Van Heusen
Shop in Shop; Sydney City, Australia
“2014 has been a year focused on our people and the values that drive PVH. our values serve as guiding principles for our actions and influence the way we work with
all stakeholders.”
David F. Kozel
Executive Vice President, Human Resources
 
 In this regard, we invested in talent throughout the organization, including promoting key leaders and filling all of the senior positions that were open across our businesses and regions. We also launched our first associate-facing campaign, built on a custom social digital platform designed to connect our associates around the world. PVH takes great pride in being a good corporate citizen, and we believe that engaging our associates across the value chain, along with engaging with our key partners and investing in their futures are the keys to driving superior results and achieving positive stockholder returns.
We believe our businesses are well-positioned to grow across regions and product lines, driven by our iconic global designer lifestyle brands, Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger, although 2015 will be pressured by the uncertain global macroeconomic environment and foreign currency headwinds.
Within our Calvin Klein business, we believe that our largest opportunities for sales and margin expansion entail further expanding our presence and product offerings across Asia and latin America and turning around our Calvin Klein business in europe and our Calvin Klein Jeans business in North America. likewise, we believe our tommy Hilfiger business is well positioned to grow in its underpenetrated markets, such as Asia and latin America, where we hope to leverage the more developed Calvin Klein platforms there, and growth opportunities still exist in the more developed european and North American markets. Beyond the growth opportunities stated above, we believe that, over time, we would benefit from operating more Calvin Klein and tommy Hilfiger businesses directly.
As we complete the last phases of the Warnaco integration in 2015 and leverage the investments we have made across our businesses in 2013 and 2014, we expect to see significant underlying growth in the second half of 2015 and in 2016 and beyond. our teams are world class, and the values that our organization embraces – passion, integrity, individuality, partnership and accountability – position us to drive superior results. Despite the uncertain macroeconomic environment and the significant underperformance of most relevant foreign currencies against the u.S. dollar, we continue to see strong underlying constant currency earnings growth globally and we look forward to delivering solid financial returns to our stockholders.
emanuel Chirico
Chairman and Chief executive officer
Our TEAMS ArE WOrLD CLASS, AND THE VALuES THAT Our OrGANIzATION EMbrACES – PASSION, INTEGrITy, INDIVIDuALITy, PArTNErSHIP AND ACCOuNTAbILITy – POSITION uS TO DrIVE SuPErIOr rESuLTS
 PVH CoRP. ANNuAl RePoRt LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS 11
