 Letter to Stockholders
        Looking back at the second half of 2011 and forward to 2012, we have never been more excited about the momentum Quanta is experiencing in the industries we serve and the future growth opportunities for our company. The long-anticipated electric power transmission build-out is now here. North America’s natural gas liquid-rich shale plays and oil sands are in full development. Long Term Evolution (LTE) and 4G wireless networks are being rolled out and broadband stimulus projects are being deployed across the United States. Quanta is playing a lead role in all of these advancements. We are building the infrastructure for the future, today.
In the first half of 2011, the company faced a challenging economy and a difficult regulatory environment fraught with delays. Despite these obstacles, our business began to improve in the second half of 2011. Throughout the year, we remained steadfast in our focus to safely execute projects across all of our operations.
Well-Planned Management Transition
On May 19, 2011, I transitioned from chief operating officer to president and chief executive officer, while John Colson assumed the role of Quanta’s executive chairman. John remains actively involved with the company, working with the executive team on strategic acquisitions and investments, international expansion and customer relations. This passing of the baton was the final step in a long-planned succession strategy and took place at a time when Quanta was solidly positioned for immediate and future achievement. John’s foresight and leadership has set Quanta on track for many years of continued success.
I am honored to be named to this position and will continue to build upon the foundation that has made our organization successful. We have a strong leadership team – one that I believe to be the best in the industry. We will leverage our strengths to maintain our market-leading position with the goal of delivering sustained profitable growth into the future.
  
 James F. O’Neil, III
President and Chief Executive Officer
  Record Revenues and Backlog
At the end of 2011, our 12-month and total backlog were both at record levels – with 12-month backlog at $3.6 billion, up 24 percent from 2010, and total backlog at $7.2 billion, a 15 percent increase. Much of this growth came from large electric transmission project awards during the year. Quanta also built significant backlog in its telecom segment, driven mainly by new broadband stimulus work. The natural gas and pipeline segment is also gaining momentum. Year-end 2011 backlog increased over 2010, and to date in 2012, we have been awarded more than $400 million in new pipeline projects for shale gathering systems, which we expect to complete this year.
Quanta has maintained a strong balance sheet during these challenging times. We redeemed $143.8 million of convertible subordinated notes in 2010, and as of the end of 2011, Quanta effectively had no debt. In 2011, we used a portion of our cash to buy back $150 million in stock and our cash position remains strong, closing out 2011 with about $824 million in liquidity when combined with available borrowing capacity under our credit facility.
Quanta’s solid balance sheet and liquidity puts our company in a preferred competitive position. We have the working capital to meet our customers’ needs, and we have the financial strength to support our strategic initiatives to profitably grow the company’s revenues in 2012 and beyond.
Momentum in all Operating Segments
ElEctric PowEr
In 2011, our electric power segment achieved record revenues and profits largely due to the number and size of electric transmission projects that moved into construction in the second half of 2011 along with recovery in distribution spending by our customers for the first time since 2008. We anticipate a robust year for our solar EPC and wind construction services business in 2012 despite a disappointing 2011 in our renewable energy business. We believe electric power revenues will see double-digit growth and we expect backlog in this segment to remain strong, as more transmission awards are likely throughout 2012.
 
 Revenues for years ended December 31,
$ in millions
 $5,000
   4,000
      Fiber Optic Licensing
        Telecommunications
3,000
  2,000
   Natural Gas & Pipeline
  Electric Power
1,000
 0
  2008 2009 2010 2011
 Natural Gas aNd PiPEliNE
Last year was very challenging for the natural gas and pipeline segment, with the Keystone XL project representing the epitomeofregulatorydelays.Tomitigatethecyclicalnatureofthelarge-diameterpipelinebusiness,wehaverecentlymade a few important moves to stabilize revenues and profitability in this segment. First, we restructured our gas distribution operations to improve our cost structure and competitiveness. Second, we established local operations in the liquid-rich shale fields and utilized our pipeline construction resources to build gathering system infrastructure. And finally, to help our customers meet more stringent pipeline regulations across the country, we acquired a smart pigging technology to expand our pipeline integrity and rehabilitation services. The results so far have been encouraging, and we believe this segment is now more favorably positioned for profitable growth.
The unconventional shales are an energy game changer for North America. In the United States, there is more than 100 years worth of natural gas supply at today’s usage, and infrastructure development in the shales is robust. The development of Canadian oil sands should also provide significant opportunity to build pipeline infrastructure to U.S. refineries and throughout Canada. We anticipate that demand for these resources will continue to increase and more infrastructure will be needed in both the near and long term.
tElEcommuNicatioNs
Quanta’s telecom segment improved its financial performance in 2011, a trend we expect to continue through 2012 and into 2013. Increases in revenues, margins and backlog during 2011 were driven by engineering and construction of broadband stimulus projects, fiber backhaul projects and wireless-related work. We continue to see growing opportunities as carriers aim to improve 3G wireless networks and upgrade to 4G and LTE networks to keep up with accelerating demand for wireless traffic bandwidth.
FibEr oPtic licENsiNG
We continued to build out our networks and experienced increased sales activity in 2011, as the education sector, traditionally our largest customer base, increased spending for the first time since 2008. We expect to see more opportunities in this segment into 2012 and beyond.
                       
 Total Backlog at December 31,
$ in millions
 $7,500
         Fiber Optic Licensing
6,000
        Telecommunications
4,500
     Natural Gas & Pipeline
3,000
 1,500
 Electric Power
 0
  Safety in Numbers
We closed 2011 with a workforce of more than 17,000 employees, and continue to have industry-leading safety results. Safety excellence and leadership have always been core to Quanta, and in 2011, we augmented our commitment by launching a safety leadership program to further improve our performance.
We would like to recognize and thank our employees for their ongoing commitment to serving our customers, communities and shareholders and for their dedication to safely executing projects during a period of significant ramp-up in all of our operating segments.
2012 and Beyond
As we look ahead, we see continued momentum and growth in all of our operating segments. We have the people, equipment and resources to safely and efficiently execute projects and to exceed customer expectations during this multi- year growth cycle. I believe 2012 will prove to be a banner year for our company.
To our shareholders, I thank you for your continued confidence in our company. Be assured that Quanta will strive to maintain that confidence.
Jim O’Neil
President and Chief Executive Officer
2008 2009 2010 2011
                           