 TO
OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 Our 1998 fiscal year was a time of remarkable accomplishments for Quanta Services. The Company completed the year with $424 million in run-rate revenues, up from $152 million at the time of our initial public offering (IPO). In addition to growth through acquisition, the Company achieved internal revenue growth for the year of 25 percent. The Company successfully increased its highly profitable telecommunications contracting revenues to more than 35 percent of total run-rate revenues.
At the time of our IPO in February of 1998, Quanta consisted of four companies with operations in 18 states. During the year, Quanta’s acquisition program exceeded the planned budget of $60 million in acquired revenues, reaching a total of $217 million. The 1998 acquisition program expanded the Company’s customer base from roughly 60 customers at the time of the IPO to more than 300 by year end and expanded our operations nationwide. Of the 12 companies acquired in fiscal 1998, nine were well established “platform” companies with average revenues of $24 million per year and an average of 34 years in business. Three companies were “tuck-ins,” small local contractors whose skills are typically folded into the larger platform operations to enhance the menu of services we offer. Many tuck-in companies have been special service subcontractors to the acquired platform companies.
We also acquired the patent to the Linemaster Robotic Arm during 1998. The Linemaster Robotic Arm allows Quanta to work safely on high voltage transmission lines while the lines remain energized, thereby reducing costly outages and saving money for utilities and their customers. Quanta is now the only contractor in the United States with access to this technology.
In October, Quanta obtained a $175 million line of credit through a consortium of nine banks. The Company’s ability to obtain this credit facility is particularly noteworthy, as the Asian crisis dominated
Run-Rate Revenues
Combined
  $700
   600
   500
   400
   300
   200
   100
0
the economic scene during this time, and the credit markets became difficult. The credit line will be used for acquisitions and general corporate purposes.
The Company entered into a number of important alliances in 1998, including an alliance with Enron. We believe the Enron alliance will
                12/96 12/97 12/98 3/99
  2
dollars in millions

provide Quanta with many opportunities in the future. Enron is currently in the process of installing several thousand miles of fiber optic cable and is also engaged
Increased Outsourcing
Source: Edison Electric Institute
 550
2,500 2,300 2,100 1,900 1,700
                  500 in a multitude of other projects that could involve the 450
                         Company’s specialty services. In addition, Enron invested approximately $50 million in Quanta Services in the form of convertible subordinated notes.
RECENT ACCOMPLISHMENTS
400 350
 In late January of 1999, the Company completed a secondary offering that raised more than $100 million for ongoing acquisitions. Originally slated to sell 3.5 million shares at $21/share, the secondary offering closed with 4.6 million shares sold at $23.25/share.
Progress in our acquisition program has escalated since the end of the year. In the first quarter of 1999, Quanta Services acquired an additional seven platform companies and two tuck-in companies, bringing us to more than $620 million in total run-rate revenues. The Company’s size and access to skilled labor make it possible to bond and complete projects of virtually any magnitude, a strong competitive advantage. Quanta also enjoys other competitive advantages that help the Company gain customers while maintaining healthy margins: quality equipment, expertise and labor resources can be shared among individual operating companies,
and significant discounts can be obtained on equipment, credit and insurance through volume purchasing.
SUPPORTING THE GROWTH OF QUANTA SERVICES
We believe that the long-term success of Quanta Services is supported by three major industry trends:
The first is deregulation of the electric utility and telecommunications industries. Fourteen states have enacted or ordered electric utility deregulation legislation, and similar legislation is progressing in every other state except Florida and South Dakota. In an effort to become more cost-competitive, utilities are now following general industry trends by outsourcing much of their work to more efficient contractors such as Quanta, thereby converting certain of their fixed costs to variable costs. As the graph above shows,
the number of utility employees has dropped dramatically, even as total kilowatt hours produced have risen.
Increased outsourcing has been a key driver of the 25.6 percent annual internal revenue growth experienced since 1996 by the
86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 Year
Utility Employees
kWh Produced
     3
employees in thousands
kWh in billions

 companies that comprised Quanta Services at year-end. Quanta is a beneficiary of this trend because increasing concerns about safety, quality and reliability have reduced the number of contractors to whom utilities are willing to outsource work. Quanta companies not only have outstanding reputations for safety, quality and reliability, they also share in advanced safety-oriented technology like the Linemaster Robotic Arm. Preparing for deregulation, utilities now offer non-traditional services to their customers, including internet access, telecommunications and even natural gas. As a full-service provider, Quanta can meet virtually all of the changing needs of our customers.
The second industry trend is the aging of the existing transmission and distribution infrastructure in the United States. Much of this infrastructure, collectively valued at $220 billion, was built soon after World War II and is now 40 to 50 years old, near the end of its useful life. In 1997, for example, capital expenditures for transmission and distribution infrastructure by US investor-owned utilities reached $11.4 billion, and similar expenditures should continue for many years.
Finally, the explosive growth of the internet and increased telecommunications traffic have created an enormous demand for increased bandwidth, which is being met by the installation of fiber optic cable. The number of fiber miles installed is projected to increase by 25 percent by the year 2003. At this point, there are a number of technologically viable options for extending bandwidth, including such revolutionary scenarios as combining electric power and telecommunications on the same copper cable. Management feels that Quanta Services is appropriately positioned to benefit, regardless of the way technology evolves.
We believe that the approach we have taken in organizing and operating the Company will be a strong factor for success. Management focuses on acquiring proven companies with many years in the business and reputations for quality and reliability with their customers. We incent both management and key employees of the companies we acquire to stay with Quanta and contribute their expertise. We maintain and capitalize on the brand recognition of acquired firms. We take advantage of “best practices” by making them available to all operating companies, and we promote cross-marketing opportunities that effectively utilize skills from sister companies. We also establish strategic
 North American Fiber Installation
Source: KMI Research 1998 Worldwide Report 14.0
12.0 10.0 8.0 6.0 4.0 2.0
95 96 97 98 99 00 01 02 03 Year
alliances with major utilities and telecommunications companies.
 4
miles in millions

  Diversified Customer Mix
(Revenues)
Telecom
37%
(Proforma as of 3/99)
Transportation
We believe that Quanta will continue to grow rapidly, both internally and through acquisitions. We plan to continue to broaden our geographic footprint, to increase our customer base, and to add specialty services that enhance our ability to be a full-service supplier to all our customers.
Electric Utility
We will also focus strongly on increasing internal revenue growth by taking advantage of cross-selling opportunities, by marketing Quanta’s ability to complete large projects, and by strengthening our marketing efforts for energized services, including the use of the Linemaster Robotic Arm.
At this time, we wish to extend our thanks to the visionary companies that have joined Quanta in its quest, and to all our employees, whose dedication and experience make our goals achievable. We especially want to thank our stockholders, who continue to express their confidence in our company.
Sincerely,
LOOKING TO THE FUTURE
 9%
49%
5%
Other Related
   JOHN R. COLSON
Chief Executive Officer
  5
