 My Fellow Shareholders:
 Jim O’Neil
President and Chief Executive Officer
2012 was the best year in Quanta Services’ history. We established new highs across many areas: record revenues, record operating profit, record backlog and most importantly record safety performance. Our leadership position and our reputation as the specialty contractor of choice for energy infrastructure solutions is stronger than ever. As a result, we have laid
a solid foundation to build upon over the coming years.
Delivering Record Results Despite a year of regulatory, economic and election year uncertainties, Quanta excelled. The growth we experienced in 2012 resulted from Quanta’s strategic positioning, which allowed us to capitalize on opportunities presented by changes in the markets we serve.
Quanta generated record revenues and operating income in 2012. Our revenues increased to $5.9 billion as we achieved 36 percent organic growth.
Significant new awards and efficient project execution provided increased operating margins across the markets we serve, which drove strong growth in diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of more than 140 percent for the year.
In addition to record revenues for the year, we ended 2012 with total backlog at a record $7 billion, which provides a solid foundation for success in the coming years.
                      “Yes, 2012 was Quanta’s best year yet, but we aren’t slowing down – not by any means. The future holds opportunities, and we intend to capitalize on them.”

                 Several factors contributed to our strong results. Quanta played a significant role in the most active transmission market in the history of the electric power industry. As a result, our construction levels were nearly three times what we experienced on average in the prior decade. We advanced our power generation activities, particularly in providing engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) services on utility-scale solar projects. Additionally, we performed record levels of emergency restoration work as we returned power to millions of end users after major hurricanes impacted the Gulf Coast and Eastern Seaboard of the United States. In our natural gas and pipeline segment, our strategic shift to reallocate pipeline construction resources into the U.S. shale plays to construct gathering systems in liquid-rich basins drove robust revenue growth and positive operating results during the year.
We also capitalized on opportunities to enhance our service offerings and geographic presence. We acquired a leading transmission and distribution contractor in Chattanooga, Tennessee, which strengthens our position in the southeastern United States. We also acquired two engineering companies in Canada to expand our EPC capabilities. We enhanced our intellectual footprint as well, acquiring new technologies such as micropile foundation capabilities for environmentally sensitive areas and smart pig capabilities that provide comprehensive pipeline integrity data to our customers. Also in 2012, we divested our domestic telecommunications operations to focus our resources and strategic growth initiatives on the energy infrastructure markets.
Raising the Bar for Safety Excellence Our number one objective is for each and every Quanta employee to return home safely to his or her family at the end of the work day. Quanta is an industry leader in safety performance and, as a result, is the employer of choice in the markets we serve. We had our largest workforce ever, which worked more than 9.4 million additional hours over the prior year, yet we reduced our lost time incident rate by 17 percent. This demonstrates the effectiveness of our strong safety culture and the skill of our highly trained workforce. Our management team is passionate about eliminating accidents and injuries in the workplace and continues to implement industry-leading safety programs that continually improve our performance. For example, in 2012 we instituted a Quanta-wide automated external defibrillator (AED) program, the first of its kind in our industry. The program provided 3,500 AEDs and training to our field operations. As a result, several lives have been saved – including members of the public who happened to be near our crews when they needed assistance.
Building a Strong Foundation for Continued Growth In 1998, Quanta was founded with the belief that our nation’s energy infrastructure would need significant upgrade, expansion and replacement, and that a specialty contractor with national reach would be essential to meeting that need. In 2012, that belief was validated as the energy industry enters what is arguably its most exciting period since its inception.
As we begin 2013, we expect that the forward momentum established in 2012 will continue. We believe that North America is in the early stages of a multi-year energy infrastructure evolution (the most significant since the post-World War II era), and we are seeing this same level of infrastructure activity across many parts of the world.
We believe the electric power industry will continue to invest significant capital expenditures on strengthening grid reliability over the next several years. We also believe the Canadian Oil Sands and the U.S. shale plays are energy game changers for North America. However, the development of infrastructure necessary to make those resources widely available and economically viable is in its early stages.
Over the past 15 years, we have worked hard to establish and maintain our leadership position in the industries we serve while creating shareholder value. As a service provider, we require our operating companies to provide safe, efficient execution and deliver effective solutions, while strategically leveraging our core capabilities and expanding the services we offer our customers.

                 Transitioning to the Future The leadership successions in the past two years have been seamless and carefully planned. In May 2011, I became Quanta’s chief executive officer, while John Colson continued his role as executive chairman of the board. In 2012, Derrick Jensen was promoted to chief financial officer replacing James Haddox, who served in this role since our company’s inception and now serves as the company’s executive vice president. On January 1, 2013, Duke Austin, who is the fourth generation in his family to work in the electric utility business, was named chief operating officer. Derrick and Duke each bring decades of industry experience to their respective positions and have played a major role in our company’s success. I am confident that this executive management team will continue to successfully build on the strong foundation we have established through our past success.
While our 2012 results are an extraordinary accomplishment, we will not stop there. Our long and rewarding journey is just getting started. We have demonstrated that we know what it takes to flourish in this dynamic market. We will keep a steady focus on being the leading energy infrastructure solutions provider and creating value for our customers, employees and shareholders.
I would like to thank our shareholders for your continued support. And to our family of employees who play a critical role in Quanta’s success, thank you for your hard work and dedication. Our people are our strength and will lead our future successes.
Jim O’Neil President and Chief Executive Officer
Executive Derrick Jensen Jim O’Neil Duke Austin Leadership Team Chief Financial Officer President and Chief Operating Officer
Chief Executive Officer
  