 From the Tucci heritage at Potelco in the northwest
to the Spalj family in the northern U.S., the Quanta family is filled with dedicated individuals whose hard work and expertise span generations. Following are just a few of these profiles of leadership.
Like many other Quanta operating units, North Houston Pole Line (NHPL) represents experience that spans virtually the entire history of the industry. Four generations of powerline workers are shown here. (top to bottom) Eugene Austin, in 1937 (front row, second from the right), who dedicated nearly 40 years to Houston Lighting and Power (HL&P). Eugene Austin, Jr. (front row, far right) also spent his career helping build and maintain the power infrastructure in and around Houston for HL&P. Earl Austin, Sr. in 1967 (top of truck, hands outstretched), who became President
of NHPL in 1984. Today, Earl “Duke” Austin, Jr. (bottom photograph), the fourth generation, is President of NHPL and continues the Austins’
legacy of electric powerline work.
To Our Shareholders
The experience and expertise of our people and the clarity and soundness of our vision set Quanta Services apart from the competition.
Many of the companies and families that comprise Quanta today are the same ones that were instrumental in building this country’s power grid and communications infrastructure in the early and middle parts of the twentieth century. That same experience, and in many cases even the same names, remain at work for our customers today. You’ll see the evidence of these vital bloodlines on the pages of this
annual report.
As for our vision, Quanta was designed and built to capitalize on a number of fundamentals that characterize the markets for power, telecommunications, cable and gas infrastructure services. Regulatory factors, cost pressures, market dynamics, overall economic conditions and uncertainty surrounding governmental actions have combined to decrease infrastructure spending by our customers in the last several years. Nothing, however, has compromised the basis of these fundamentals. As business drivers for Quanta, these fundamentals become more and more compelling as we look to the future:
1 The nation’s power grid, and most particularly the transmission system, is old, overloaded and in need of significant upgrade.
2 Electric power, telecommunications, broadband, entertainment and a number of other industries are still converging on the same rights of way to connect people and businesses to energy and communications.
3 The need for companies in these industries to reduce costs, improve efficiencies and optimize operations – especially in light of deregulation, heated competition, and the costs and risks involved in infrastructure creation and maintenance – makes outsourcing an attractive and increasingly cost-effective strategy.
    With more than 33 years of diverse experience in electrical contracting, John Colson has driven the advancement of the specialty contracting industry. Before creating Quanta Services, John spent 27 years as president and owner of
PAR Electrical Contractors, Inc., a provider of electric utility infrastructure services. Today, he guides Quanta,
the premier single-source provider for all network infrastructure contracting services in the electric power, telecommunications, broadband cable and gas pipeline industries.
      
I believe these fundamental observations remain as sound today as they appeared in 1997 when we formed Quanta, and perhaps even more so. Faced with the most challenging operating environment in 30 years, and with virtually no catalyst to stimulate infrastructure spending by our customers, we have remained focused on our own business fundamentals: maintaining a healthy balance sheet, increasing efficiencies and reducing costs. As a result, Quanta is in a strong financial position; we continue to improve our operating efficiencies, and we remain well-positioned to profit from the expenditures required to reliably deliver two of modern society’s most basic needs – power and communications.
A VERY STRONG BALANCE SHEET
At year end, we had a cash balance of $266 million, an increase of more than 47% over 2003. We produced free cash flow of $105 million for the year and have virtually no current debt maturities. Our business demands flexible manpower, a large, diverse and very expensive fleet of vehicles, specialized equipment and a strategic approach to operations. Quanta’s financial strength has enabled us to weather the challenges of the past and positions us for future growth.
STRATEGIC DECISIONS
In 2004, we continued to benefit from the reorganization we completed in 2003. The appointment of Ken Trawick as President of our Telecommunications and Cable Television Operations further strengthened our leadership team. We also continued to consolidate operating units and facilities in a way that recognizes today’s market realities while maintaining our capacity to deploy resources rapidly and strategically to tackle new projects.We continue to strengthen our operations and position the company for new opportunities to expand our business. In short, we’re continuing to get better at making sure that the whole is greater than the sum of the parts.
ENSURING THE SAFETY OF OUR EMPLOYEES
Throughout its history, Quanta and its operating units have maintained the highest commitment to safety excellence. We have created an environment in which the safety of our employees takes priority in all facets of our operations – from the field to our corporate headquarters. From technical training to a company- wide campaign, each and every employee is an integral part of Quanta’s culture of safety.
Cecil (left) and William “Bill” Bradford started Bradford Brothers in the 1950s with a couple of bulldozers they originally used to create farm ponds and grade lots for new subdivisions. The operation is still being managed by the family today, with Cecil D. “Dee” Bradford, III as president. Working in North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia, the company provides construction, consulting, design and testing services to the petroleum and natural gas
pipeline industries.
 
 During 2004, we also took an important step toward protecting the safety of all workers in the electric power industry by joining with six other contractors, two industry trade associations, the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration to form the Strategic Safety Partnership. This organization is leveraging the members’ resources to anticipate, identify, evaluate, and control health and safety hazards associated with electrical transmission and distribution work.
STRONG OPERATIONS
Our industry leadership was further recognized by our peers when we were named in Fortune magazine as one of America’s ten most admired companies in the engineering and construction sector.
In the area of operations, we remained one of the country’s most valuable resources for vital power restoration work, mobilizing more than 1,300 people for up to six weeks in response to the four hurricanes that hit Florida last summer. We’ve recently begun construction of a 90-mile, six-bundled conductor, 765,000-volt transmission line in West Virginia that will be the first of its kind in the country. And our energized services techniques and proprietary equipment remain key assets for utilities to upgrade transmission infrastructure without halting or rerouting the flow of power to homes and businesses. Around the country, our operating units embody a repository of expertise and experience that stretches from the initial creation of the power and communications grids to the implementation of next-generation solutions that will ensure that our customers’ customers have access to the services they need to live their lives and grow their businesses.
POWER AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS
Our two largest markets – power and telecommunications – were hit hard by the economic downturn of the last three to four years. In this environment, capital spending typically takes a back seat to more basic business needs. While I believe we have begun to see the signs of a return to modest capital spending, obstacles remain in the near term.
According to Platts, a leading energy news, research and consulting company, the demand for electricity in the United States is expected to increase by more than 20% within the next ten years. To meet this demand, we estimate that an aggregate of at least $100 billion in investments will need to be made to maintain, expand and upgrade the nation’s power grid. Unfortunately, even the nation’s largest and most spectacular
 Twins Rich and Al Manuel, pictured here in 1940 on a horse pulling their first plow, started R.W. Manuel and Associates to help what is now SBC Communications build out its infrastructure. Today, Manuel Bros., Inc. is a full-service underground utility contractor with more than 225 combined years of management and technical experience. Paul Manuel, Rich’s only son, started working with his father in 1974 and continues to work at the company today.
 In 1954, Robert Payton (pictured above) founded PAR Electrical Contractors, which has become Quanta’s largest electrical contracting unit. Mr. Payton’s influence has contributed to the strength and
success of Quanta today.

 power failure in August of 2003 failed to encourage significant investment in the transmission system. I believe that some form of government incentive will be required for electric power providers to begin making the needed investments.
Telecommunications has been trying for years to recapture the momentum of the late 1990s. Recently, this market has been characterized by intense competition and the blurring of traditional boundaries, as innovations like internet-based telephony, video-on-demand, a continuing expansion of wireless offerings and other new services have emerged. Probably the most obvious place to unlock the promise of emerging bandwidth-intensive services is “the last mile.” Given existing technology, delivery of such services will require significant FTTP initiatives. Ongoing consolidation in the telecommunications and cable industries means that customers contemplating FTTP investments will increasingly rely on partners with the size, geographic reach and financial and technical resources to manage projects on a regional or even national scale.
POSITIONED FOR TODAY’S CLIMATE AND TOMORROW’S GROWTH
The changes we have made, and the initiatives that we are pursuing, have positioned Quanta to thrive and grow, even in this era of reduced capital spending. For our customers to grow significantly, they will need to invest in the services that we provide. No single specialty contracting company in the country offers the combination of financial strength and stability, nationwide footprint and deep expertise that Quanta offers.
Our people and our operating units were instrumental in building large parts of the existing power and communications infrastructures in this country. This involvement has spanned as many as four generations of industry-leading service. No one is better qualified than Quanta to deliver the services needed to increase the reliability of the infrastructures that carry power and communications and to expand their capacity to meet the demands of tomorrow’s electrical and technology services. As the industries we serve return to more normalized conditions, we look forward to continuing our legacy of industry leadership and success.
Sincerely,
JOHN R. COLSON
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
   Trawick Construction Company brings a legacy of industry leadership to Quanta. Founded in 1946 by J. Leslie Trawick, the company quickly earned a reputation for the highest quality standards in outside plant construction. Today, Ken Trawick, (pictured above on the right in 1964) is the president of Quanta’s nationwide Telecommunications and Cable Television Operations while his brother, Doug Trawick, runs the day-to-day operations of this Quanta operating unit. Two fourth-generation Trawicks support the business in operations and business development roles, continuing the family tradition.
