  2006 Review
To Our Fellow Stockholders:
I'm pleased to report that Quanta Services is in the strongest position in its history - the strongest financial position, with the largest and most talented workforce, and the best methods for executing projects safely and efficiently. Our 2006 numbers attest to these advantages. Revenues were $2.13 billion, compared to $1.86 billion in 2005. Our cash flow from operations was $121 million, versus $82 million in 2005. And at year-end, our backlog of work to be performed over the next twelve months was $1.48 billion, a significant increase over $1.30 billion at the end of 2005.
While a gradual increase in spending by our customers was a major factor in our 2006 financial results, where we are today reflects the vision, discipline and talent with which we founded this company. In contrast to 2005, emergency restoration work was not significant to 2006 results; instead our 2006 financial results are an important reflection of the internal growth that we are creating.
Stre
In November we won a contract with Northeast Utilities for transmission infrastructure services spanning a 45-mile stretch in Connecticut. Northeast Utilities operates New England's largest energy delivery system, and the project represents the largest (in dollar value) electric utility transmission contract in Quanta's history. More importantly, this project provides evidence of a much-anticipated return to spending by electric utilities to enhance both the capacity and reliability of the country's electric power transmission network. As this occurs, the size, expertise and mobility of Quanta's workforce will be increasingly important competitive advantages.
In 2006 we continued to make progress on our profit enhancement initiatives. These initiatives form a well-integrated practice to reduce our costs and take greater financial advantage of the unique services we provide. We continue to leverage the management and operational talent, technical skills, and broad capabilities of our more than 12,000-member workforce.
As part of our focus on strategic growth, we continuously evaluate opportunities to enhance our service offerings, expand our geographic reach and strengthen our resources. In late 2006, we saw
More so than ever before, Quanta is one of the strongest resources available to design, install, repair and maintain the network infrastructure that the electric power, natural gas, telecommunications and broadband cable industries rely on to deliver their services.
 From financing to operations, we achieved a number of accomplishments last year which strengthened our company and advanced our position in the market.
In April, we completed the 765,000-volt Wyoming-Jackson's Ferry project for American Electric Power (AEP). This is the first electric power transmission line in the country to use a six-bundled conductor, and showcases our technical, environmental and logistical capabilities.
In the second quarter, we completed several refinancing measures that retired certain debt ahead
of schedule, reduced our interest expense, and enhanced our credit facility. In fact, today we have more
available cash and credit capacity than at any point in our history. Access to capital is a fundamental Quanta strength. It enables us to maintain a large fleet of equipment and vehicles, to attract, train and retain an experienced workforce, to move quickly to respond to customer needs, and to make strategic acquisitions that expand our capabilities, leverage business synergies and extend our geographic reach.
                                        n

  Our Markets
the potential to create additional value for our stakeholders through the acquisition of InfraSource Services Inc., a specialty contractor with strong capabilities in the electric power and natural gas industries, particularly in the North Central and Northeastern United States.
We announced the agreement to aquire InfraSource on March 19, 2007. This is an all-stock transaction; upon closing, which we anticipate will occur in 2007, Quanta and InfraSource stockholders are expected to own, on a fully diluted basis, approximately 75% and 25%, respectively, of the combined company. More importantly, this acquisition is expected to produce a company that, based on 2006 results, would have combined revenues of over $3.1 billion. The transaction is expected to be accretive to Quanta’s earnings per share in 2008.
Empowered by a broad national footprint, flexible workforce, extensive equipment resources and innovative technologies, the combined company will more effectively partner with customers to meet the immediate and growing need for strategic infrastructure solutions.
N A T U R A L G A S Federal legislation passed in 2005 has placed greater emphasis on the safety gth
While each of these was an important event, I believe what they add up to is a clearer picture of the value we're creating for our customers, employees and stockholders.
 Our business serves industries that provide some of the most vital commodities needed today for economic progress – power, gas and communications. The nature of these businesses, and of the networks of wires, lines, cables and pipelines over which their services are delivered, means that we have little ability to affect our customers' spending decisions. However, looking into the future, our most important end-markets show signs of increased spending.
ELECTRIC POWER TheEnergyPolicyActof2005,whichwasaresponsetotheblackoutthat darkened the northeastern U.S. in August of 2003, clarified energy policy and provided for incentives to promote investment in the nation's transmission and generation infrastructure. Transmission and distribution systems are the primary focus. Our AEP and Northeast Utilities projects are emblematic of that growing investment, and we expect a continuing focus on the nation’s power system. Farther out, as the capacity and reliability of the transmission network are gradually improved, we anticipate that investment will broaden to power generation and its associated infrastructure.
and reliability of natural gas distribution pipelines, and issues like pipeline integrity and cathodic protection remain a challenge in this industry. At the same time, with the growing global demand for oil and gas, we are seeing areas of demand for additional transmission capacity to support active exploration and production activity, such as the Barnett Shale in Texas.
TELECOMMUNICATIONS The telecommunications industry remains characterized by competitive pressures, changing regulations, and the ongoing convergence of computing and communications technologies that are spinning off new products and services. The most important common factor among businesses in this market is the need for improved abilities to deliver bandwidth-intensive services over the “last mile” to businesses and homes. The resultant fiber projects remain a significant portion of our business, and they are being driven by the competitive pressure to capitalize on new and more attractive service offerings.
B R O A D B A N D C A B L E The broadband cable industry remains intensely competitive, exaggerated by ongoing merger and acquisition activity. Recent legislation removing the requirement for cable operators to share their lines with Internet service providers has changed the landscape for these companies, and as the M&A climate evolves, we see the potential for renewed attention to network performance.
                                        n

                                         The Future
 As I stated at the outset, I have never been more confident in the value of our company. We remain distinguished by a number of key strengths:
• The people who work here. Our workforce represents the largest and most experienced collection of transmission network infrastructure talent available in the country. Thanks to our reputation and expertise, we're considered an employer of choice by linemen, engineers, and other specialists looking to advance their careers.
• The financial resources we leverage. These enable us to maintain a large fleet of vehicles and equipment ready for speedy deployment, and supply us with the flexibility to make strategic investments to execute projects and grow our business. As an example, the growth in U.S. ethanol production as a means of reducing our dependence on imported fossil fuels is currently creating a boom in ethanol plant construction. Because the demand is likely to be significant, our resources place us in a very strong position to benefit both from the pipelines to be installed and the electric power lines these plants will need.
• The methods we use to deliver services safely and efficiently. From our energized services, which enable the repair and maintenance of electric power lines without interruption of service, to our safety and technological leadership, to our unique and proven outsourcing solutions, to our nationwide reach, we offer a comprehensive portfolio of innovative services.
We will continue to capitalize aggressively on these strengths. And, through internal growth, strategic acquisitions, and an ongoing focus on profit enhancement, we'll strive to continue to deliver compelling value for our customers, our employees and our stockholders.
Sincerely,
John R. Colson
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
This Annual Report to Stockholders, including the letter to stockholders from John R. Colson, Chairman and CEO, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The words “will,” “expect,” “should,” “scheduled,” “plan,” ”aim,” “ensure,” “believe,” “promise,” “anticipate,” “could” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Quanta’s expectations regarding these matters are only its forecasts. These forecasts may be substantially different from actual results, which are affected by many factors, including those listed in “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” contained in items 1A and 7 of the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Quanta Services, Inc. for its year ended December 31, 2006. The use of “Quanta”, “our,” “we” and similar terms are not intended to describe or imply particular corporate organizations or relationships.
  