 Chairman’s Letter
Dear Shareholders:
Praxair turned in a solid performance in 2009 despite the most difficult global economic conditions in decades. As the economy deteriorated toward the end of 2008, we moved swiftly to reduce costs and, during last year, we continued to calibrate our operations with the dynamic business conditions. As a result, while sales were down 17% from the previous year, we were able to hold oper- ating profit to a more modest 9% decline and achieved a record operating margin of 21%. Earnings per share were down only 5%.
Total shareholder return was 38.4% compared to the Standard and Poor’s 500 Index, which was 26.5%. Over the last five years, Praxair stock has returned 15% on an annualized basis compared to a zero return for the Stan- dard and Poor’s 500.
We generated record operating cash flow which al- lowed us, even in the depth of the recession, to invest for future growth. And, we added flexibility to our financing capabilities by refinancing a significant amount of debt at very attractive long-term rates.
Excellent cost management was a key factor in these industry-leading results, but not the only one. A combination of smart procurement practices, Six Sigma and Lean productivity initiatives, and the streamlining of business processes throughout the organization achieved record cost savings of $450 million. We were able to stabilize prices despite difficult market conditions, reflect- ing excellent price management across all of our businesses worldwide. We started up several major projects in South America and China, including China’s largest single- train air separation plant which is supplying oxygen to a chemical customer’s coal-gasification plant. At mid-year, Praxair Surface Technologies purchased Sermatech International, further enhancing our position in the aviation and industrial gas-turbine coatings market. And through all of this activity, our worldwide team stayed focused on safety, reducing personnel injuries and product vehicle accidents.
We moved into 2010 with a robust $2 billion backlog of new projects under contract. These projects are the foundation for continued revenue and earnings growth in the
years ahead. We continue to focus our investments in three areas: energy, environment and emerging economies. Hydrogen is our primary energy growth platform. During the year, we will focus our resources on a wide range of attractive opportunities around the world. Late last year, we signed a contract to supply hydrogen to one of India’s major oil refiners. Our applications technologies, many of which help customers reduce emissions and energy consumption or improve water quality, are attracting cus- tomers in a wide range of industries, including biofuels and photovoltaics. We are a leading supplier in the growing economies of Brazil, India, China and Mexico, and are exploring selected new geographies.
While we see some signs of strengthening in our business, we approach 2010 with cautious optimism. In- dustrial production in the U.S. and Europe is likely to remain anemic for some time, so cost control and pro- ductivity will continue to be important. At the same time, we are expecting growth in emerging and niche markets, particularly in environmental and alternative energy applications. We have already seen stronger economic activity in Asia, South America and Mexico, and Praxair is well positioned to make gains in these markets.
As always, I want to thank the directors of Praxair’s board for their wise counsel and diligence throughout 2009. And particularly I want to recognize the contributions of Mitchell Watson, a director since Praxair’s earliest days as a publicly-traded company, who retired from Praxair’s board this year. We have benefitted from his guidance, and wish him well in his new endeavors.
As tough as 2009 was, I believe it set the stage for stronger performance in 2010 and beyond. I am proud of the resilience and perseverance demonstrated by the Praxair team around the world. They are skilled, enthusiastic and imaginative. And, in the most difficult economic environ- ment, we proved we have the stamina and savvy to further strengthen Praxair’s leadership and competitive position.
Steve Angel
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer February 24, 2010
  Financial comparisons are non-GAAP measures.
page i
