To our shareholders and employees: Despite significant turmoil in the global economic environment during 1998, Praxair was able to deliver steady improvement in its operating results:
• Operating profit increased 4% to $885 million, excluding special charges • Operating profit as a percent of sales topped 18%
• Operating cash flow rose 24% to a record $936 million
• Safety performance improved substantially worldwide
Total return on Praxair stock, after outperforming the S&P 500 in recent years, declined in 1998. The lower stock price reflected primarily the financial community's concerns about Praxair’s exposure in Brazil and the impact of the Asian economic crisis on
key U.S. markets, such as steel. We also weathered a strike at General Motors and power disruptions across the U.S. during the summer, which lowered sales and increased costs.
Through growth programs at key customers and aggressive productivity-improvement initiatives, Praxair was able to offset most — but not all — of the earnings impact from these factors. Since economic conditions in 1999 are not likely to get any easier, we have adjusted our strategies accordingly and are determined to regain momentum toward steady earnings growth.
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
 Year Ended December 31,
FOR THE YEAR:
Sales
Operating profit(a)
Income(a)
Diluted income per share(a)
Return on average shareholders’ equit y (a) Capital expenditures and acquisitions(b)
AT YEAR END:
Debt-to-capital ratio Number of employees
$4,833 885 425 2.60
19% $1,022
53% 24,834
$4,735 848 422 2.57
21% $1,003
55% 25,388
    1998 1997 1996
$4,449 732 335 2.11
22% $3,333
57% 25,271
(Dollar amounts in millions, except per share data)
  (a)Results exclude non-recurring special charges and tax credits and are before the cumulative effect of an accounting change in 1997. (b)1996 acquisitions include $2.2 billion associated with the CBI acquisition.
Making Our Planet More Productive 1

 The focus of our operating model is to continually improve return on capital. While our return on capital is currently above our cost of capital, we must do better. Praxair’s future success is built on successful execution of programs to: provide more and better service to our customers; accelerate earnings growth; and maximize cash flow.
GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES
We intend to increase earnings by accelerating top-line sales growth while relentlessly pursuing continued productivity improvement. We are confident about increasing sales even in slower-growth economies because, more than ever, customers want suppliers that can help them lower costs while at the same time improve productivity and product quality, and achieve environmental benefits. Not only does Praxair provide products
and technology that do this, but increasingly we are offering services that also help cus- tomers compete more effectively. I am excited about the possibilities of new, evolving commercial channels such as electronic commerce. To provide organizational focus for the creation of new service offerings in this and a number of other areas, we created the new position of vice president for service development.
We continue to invest resources in helping our customers improve their operations, quality and efficiency, with special emphasis on those industry segments that represent the highest long-term growth potential for Praxair. Resource allocations are being made in favor of segments such as food and beverage and certain health- care markets, which are less prone to economic swings. We also will invest in Praxair Surface Technologies, which continues to exhibit good growth and earnings potential, and earned top supplier recognition from American Airlines and Delta Air Lines.
At the same time, we are being more selective about geographic markets. We will generate the highest returns where Praxair has a leading market share; a balanced distribution mix (on-site,
merchant, packaged gases); and high operating rates. Our investment program supports growth in already profitable markets in North America, southern Europe and South America. We will continue to consolidate our position in established Asian markets such as Korea and Thailand, while strengthening our presence in China and India where, over time, strong franchise positions can be developed. Where return on capital is not satisfactory, we have plans to exit markets and redeploy resources.
STRONG POSITION IN BRAZIL
Our South American subsidiary, S.A. White Martins, has a consistent record of profit- ability and strong operating performance in Brazil in spite of economic and political uncertainties over the years. The Brazilian business environment was difficult in 1998 with devaluation, high interest rates and a recession late in the year. Despite these challenges, our White Martins team actually improved its operating margin through an aggressive focus on productivity. With the January 1999 floating of the Brazilian
 2
Praxair

  currency, resulting in a major additional devaluation, the business environment will again be a challenging one and will result in lower sales and operating profit due to translating a weaker Brazilian currency into dollars. However, we remain confident that our Brazilian associates are up to the challenge of continuing to perform well during volatile times. We have a strong franchise position in one of the world’s leading growth economies, and Praxair is well positioned to capitalize on the economic recovery when it occurs.
I remain confident in Praxair’s ability to provide very good value to our shareholders in the years ahead.
PRODUCTIVITY IMPROVEMENT
While we grow, continuous productivity improvement will remain a top priority. Global, regional and local productivity initiatives made a substantial contribution to the bottom line during 1998. We have streamlined procurement procedures and radically reduced the number of suppliers, for example. We are optimizing cash flow through reengineering programs in South America, northern Europe, Poland and in our North American packaged gases operations. A team focused on working capital achieved a $97-million reduction in 1998. In addition, some 400 local and regional initiatives contributed
$80 million in savings during 1998. Last July we announced that capital and acquisition expenditures will decline by about 20% from the 1998 $1-billion level, and this budget will be funded without increasing debt. At this level of spending, our goal is to be cash-flow positive in 1999.
I am particularly pleased to report that safety performance improved significantly. New safety programs and focused leadership certainly helped, but this improvement is primarily a tribute to the attention and dedication of Praxair employees around the world. Seventy- three percent of Praxair’s facilities worldwide achieved Praxair’s goal of zero accidents and zero injuries for the year.
Making Our Planet More Productive 3

Praxair began working on year 2000 issues in 1996, and our goal is to prepare our systems so that customers are not affected and business operations continue to
run smoothly through January 1, 2000 and beyond. Under the leadership of a project office, which reports to me, we are implementing standardized, cost-effective solutions for systems around the world.
LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT
As we look forward to the next century, we are paying close attention to developing the next generation of Praxair’s leaders. During 1998 the first class “graduated” from our Global Leaders Program, and a new group will begin in 1999. A more global perspective, stronger leadership skills, greater teamwork and global trend analysis are some of the benefits of this program.
On another management note, Edgar G. Hotard, president of Praxair, retired at the end of 1998. During his 30 years in our industrial gases business, he has made substantial contributions, and I will miss his counsel. Paul J. Bilek has been named executive vice president, with responsibilities for Praxair’s marketing as well as business in North
America and Asia, while John A. Clerico, executive vice president and chief financial officer, has taken on additional responsibilities for our business in South America and Europe. Paul, John and I are working together as the Office of the Chairman.
In conclusion, I remain confident in Praxair’s ability to provide very good value to our shareholders in the years ahead. This confi- dence is based on strong industry fundamentals, a proven track record, a business plan focused on improving the quality of
our sales growth
and operating per-
formance, and a
worldwide team
committed to our
vision of being the best-performing indus- trial gases company. Praxair's dedicated employees represent the company’s fourth- largest shareholder group, so I can assure you they are determined to generate increased value.
H. William Lichtenberger
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 5, 1999
     4
