 Chairman’sPLetter | BOLD ACTION ACHIEVES HIGH LEVELS OF PERFORMANCE
Praxair’s stock price hit a new high in 2006, underscoring another excellent year during which we increased sales and earnings to record levels, outperformed our competition and added substantial new orders to our strong pipeline of future work.
Sales were up 9% to $8.3 billion, the highest
in our history. Net income and earnings per share were both up 24% over 2005 on a comparable basis, taking into account the impact of stock option expense in both years and excluding a one-time income tax charge associated with repatriation of foreign earnings in 2005. We were able to generate $652 million of
free cash flow, reflecting our capital discipline and high return on capital, in addition to capital
2 expenditures of $1.1 billion to support a number of growth projects.
Achieving these results is extraordinarily hard work. It takes a strong team of salespeople, engineers, plant operators and managers, plus employees in many other disciplines to satisfy our customers by delivering superb products and services reliably, safely and at a fair price. In fact, it takes employees who think and act constantly like owners of the business.

   Dennis H. Reilley | CHAIRMAN
Praxair’s stock price hit a new
high in 2006, underscoring 3 another excellent year during
which we increased sales
and earnings to record levels
and outperformed our
competition.

 Underlying this drive for success is an organization made up of people with
some very strong beliefs. Personal integrity is paramount as is internal collaboration. They prefer to strive hard and succeed in difficult business situations rather than
find excuses. And most important, they operate with bi-focals – leading and managing for short- and long-term results.
Praxair people have been doing that for the last 100 years since the original company was founded on January 24, 1907 in Buffalo, New York, primarily as a manu- facturer and supplier of oxygen. Today, we are 27,000 people serving scores of industries in more than 30 countries.
As we celebrate our centenary year, we know only too well that we will continue
to face equally tough issues in the future as we did in the past: growing the company and sustaining a profitable business model while confronting global strife, volatile markets, helpful and not-so-helpful government regulations, natural disasters, fluctuating economic conditions and tough, but invigorating, global competition.
Praxair is extremely well positioned in today’s global growth markets...Yet in each country we have picked our markets and regions carefully and have continued to maintain strict capital discipline as multiple opportunities arise.
 4
Fortunately, these variables are always accompanied by a healthy sprinkling of hard-earned, sometimes brilliant research developments; new booming industries that seem to arise from nowhere; and whole countries rapidly expanding their industrial infrastructures. All this is driven by the constant human desire to improve our existing world whether it is the food we eat, cars we drive or air we breathe.
There is no doubt that winning in the market place is crucial to our enterprise and it takes men and women with ingenuity, bold views of the future and great perseverance to achieve success in this complex world.
This success also comes from working closely with our customers, seeking out
the nuances of market developments, identifying areas of differentiation, and making calculated bets on investments for future growth. Here are a few examples of how our outlook and intense focus has captured business success in our industrial marketplace:
Over the last 18 months, the price of energy, its current availability and future supply have become of increasing concern for industry and governments around the world. In anticipation of this situation as well as the growing demand for reduced emissions into the environment, Praxair has positioned itself to be a major player in specific
—

 segments of the energy market. We are a leader in providing hydrogen to oil refineries to help them produce cleaner fuels. We are also playing an active role in providing gases for enhanced oil recovery from existing fields as well as future sources of oil such as
the tar sands in Canada. And we are exploring new technologies such as gasification
for the oil refining and power generation sectors.
— Praxair is extremely well positioned in today’s global growth markets. We have operated in Brazil for nearly 60 years and have a leading market position and knowledgeable team with excellent understanding of the local business and economic environment. This year, we played a major role in the rapidly developing liquid natural gas market, working with Brazil’s national oil company in the distribution of LNG in areas not served by pipelines. On the other side of the world, Praxair set up operations in both China and India in the early 1990s and continues to benefit today from premier market positions and profitable growth in both countries as their economies outperform most other nations. Yet in each country we have picked our markets and regions carefully and have continued to maintain strict capital discipline as multiple opportunities arise.
— We also continue to maintain our strong position in the global metals market by providing not only gases but also our proprietary applications technologies. Apart from the U.S., we have major long-term contracts and projects in Brazil, India and China. These countries are continuing to expand and modernize their industries and infrastructure in addition to seeking increased productivity and more environmentally friendly processes.
— But perhaps the single most important driver of success is the Praxair management
team that is deeply knowledgeable of every corner of our enterprise. Each senior
manager is intimately involved in the myriad decisions being taken within his or her
business each day. There is a selective, thoughtful and careful approach to deciding 5 on capital expenditures. There are thorough reviews associated with pricing decisions.
Local and regional decisions are considered in a global context. Productivity improve- ment is crucial; maintaining fixed costs is essential; and excellence in executing the business plan is imperative. All these actions and attitudes have become an integral part of the Praxair culture.

 Late last year, I announced my plan to retire from Praxair at the end of April 2007. Steve Angel became chief executive officer on January 1, 2007 and will assume the chairmanship of the company on May 1. Steve has been with Praxair since 2001 and has demonstrated remarkably strong operating skills blended with astute strategic insight. He has been instrumental in shaping business strategies, guiding our global operations and in helping Praxair achieve its strong market positions and financial success. I know the interests of our shareholders, customers and employees will be in excellent hands under his leadership.
Steve and his experienced management team will be strongly supported by our board of directors who will continue to provide guidance and sage counsel as they have done so well for me. I thank them all for their friendship and advice.
Dennis Reilley | CHAIRMAN February 27, 2007
 6
