Chairman’s Letter
Dear Shareholder:
In 2012, Praxair delivered solid results while navigating through a challenging global economic environment. Strong growth in our North American business was offset by recessionary economic conditions in Europe and Brazil and by the negative currency translation impact of a significantly stronger U.S. dollar against most major currencies. Despite these challenges, our team was able to grow sales 5% and EPS 8% over 2011, excluding the effects of foreign currency, and improve our operating profit as a percent of sales to a record level of 22%.
Praxair generated record operating cash flow of $2.8 billion, an increase of 12% over 2011, which enables us to re-invest in our business for growth. We funded record capital expenditures in 2012, and with a robust backlog of projects entering 2013 and promising opportunities on the horizon, we anticipate our project capital spending will remain at strong levels for years to come. Despite this record level of construction activity, we were able to maintain our ROC at 14% – the best in our industry. In addition, we increased dividends and repurchased shares to increase returns to our shareholders. Just after year-end, we announced the 20th consecutive annual increase in Praxair’s dividend which represents a 21% compounded growth rate over the twenty-year period.
Praxair’s North American business generated solid organic sales growth of 5% and impressive operating profit growth of 10%. We are the largest and only fully-integrated industrial gases company in North America. During the year, we strengthened our franchise with the acquisition of 17 industrial and specialty packaged gases businesses in the United States and Canada. We will start up three hydrogen plants in 2013 to supply oil refiners on the Gulf Coast and we expect to capitalize on a number of proposed chemical projects fueled by the abundance of low cost natural gas in the United States.
Overseas, we remained focused on expanding our footprint and building density in key growth regions. We started
up 15 large on-site projects around the world under long-term contracts and signed 13 others. Approximately half of our project backlog today will serve chemical, metal, energy and electronics customers in China, India, Korea, Brazil and Russia. We expect strong project activity in these regions to continue as these economies develop and build out their infrastructures which requires industrial gases.
For the 10th consecutive year, Praxair was selected as a component of the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index. We also marked our fourth consecutive year being named as a top green company by Newsweek, ranking number one in the Standard and Poor’s 500 Materials sector and number four in the worldwide Materials sector. Additionally, our global safety team maintained best-in-class performance in recordable injuries, lost workdays and high severity vehicle accidents – a tribute to the hard work and diligence of our employees around the world.
At Praxair, our employees live our mission of “making our planet more productive.” Our research and development team continues to introduce technologies that help our customers reduce operating costs, increase process efficiencies and improve environmental performance. In 2012, across the globe, our employees contributed more than 85,000 volunteer hours – donating their time to initiatives that promote higher education, support health research and provide resources to disadvantaged families. The efforts of our employees have benefited more than 300,000 people worldwide, affirming that the opportunity to make our planet more productive is both real and inspiring.
2012 was a year of milestones for Praxair. We celebrated two anniversaries – our South American subsidiary, White Martins, celebrated its 100-year anniversary, and we observed the 25th anniversary of our joint venture in Italy with SIAD. We also commemorated our 20th year on the New York Stock Exchange by ringing the closing bell in June.
I am extremely proud of the high-performance culture we have built at Praxair. Our global team remains committed to operational excellence and best-in-class performance, which has served our customers and shareholders well. This dedication, combined with our robust business model which consistently generates strong profits and cash flow, gives me the confidence that our future is indeed promising and secure.
STEVE ANGEL
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer February 2013
 Financial comparisons are non-GAAP measures.
 page i
