During 1997, Praxair turned in a solid business performance and increased earnings per share by 22
percent (excluding special charges and an accounting change). However, it was disappointing to see our
share price decline late in the year to about the same
level it was in the beginning of 1997.
What happened?
Early in the year, Praxair, like many other companies,
experienced the impact of a significant strengthening
of the dollar against the major European currencies.
Strong performance in other geographic markets,
plus significant synergies from the integration
of Liquid Carbonic, helped offset these negative currency translations.
But later in the year, turmoil struck the economies of Asia where we have smaller, but profitable, businesses
in Thailand and Korea. The result was large currency devaluations and the slowing of growth rates which
had been among the world’s highest. As concern
mounted about a potential spillover to Latin America,
and particularly to Brazil where Praxair has a large, successful business, the Brazilian government raised
interest rates to protect its currency, causing a temporary slowdown in its economic growth. All of these
factors, particularly the Brazilian situation, caused investor concern about our ability to continue our
exceptional earnings growth into 1998, resulting in a decline in Praxair’s stock price.
But we believe the long-term potential for growth in Asia and Brazil remains high. We will continue to
invest selectively in China, India and other Asian
economies as they recover, and we will draw on 50 years of profitable experience in Brazil to lead us
through the current economic pressures there. Meanwhile, Praxair’s businesses are performing
well in nine other South American countries where growth rates are twice the world average.
Despite the stock price decline in 1997, business
performance was strong. Volumes worldwide increased six percent in an economic environment that grew
, on average, less than four percent. Our industrial gases business in North America enjoyed outstanding volume
growth, reflecting particularly strong demand from customers in the steel, refining and chemicals industries.
The North American team also was highly successful in
integrating Liquid Carbonic, achieving
productivity goals
and expanding its operating margins.
Praxair Surface Technologies turned in another year of above 20-percent
sales growth and improved margins.
Having exceeded our 15-percent earnings-per-share target in 1997, it's time to prove ourselves again. We
remain committed to this target, but it will be difficultto achieve in 1998 given global economic trends. We
will stay on course with our fundamental strategies,
fine-tuned to reflect economic realities:
Achieve sustainable growth
We can achieve sustainable growth by understanding
and anticipating the evolving needs of our customers,
and meeting those needs with exceptional technology, service, quality and reliability. Our emphasis is on
offering customers new products and technologies that
will help their businesses grow more profitable by improving quality, productivity and environmental 
performance. We are focusing our resources on the most profitable opportunities in the following global markets:
chemicals, refining, steel and metal fabrication, food
and beverage, electronics and healthcare.
Improve productivity and efficiency
To achieve even greater productivity from our base businesses, we are streamlining work processes, with
emphasis on global programs in procurement, plant
design and construction, and transaction processing.
Action also is being taken to increase volumes and margins and lower the cost structure of our North American
packaged gases business. We expect this business to increase earnings by more than 15 percent in 1998.