Praxair performed extremely well in 2005. Our business model and our employees worldwide again demonstrated extraordinary resilience in the face of market volatility, increased energy prices, aberrant weather and an intense competitive environment. The year 2005 presented some mighty challenges for business generally and Praxair in particular.
Our goal is to generate a good return for our shareholders no matter what the circumstances. So I am pleased our total shareholder return increased to 22% for the year, exceeding the performance of many key financial market indicators. This can only be achieved while delivering products, technologies and services of value to our global customers. So we continued to do just that. Our sales grew 16% and our pipeline of new business projects expanded substantially.
Our total shareholder return increased to 22% for the year, exceeding the performance of many key financial market indicators...Our sales grew 16% and our pipeline of new projects expanded substantially.
The results described in this report were not easy to achieve.
They required Praxair’s people to concentrate intensely on serving our customers; to find paths around business obstacles; to think “out-of-the-box” and yet remain grounded in reality. They required ingenuity in finding new, undeveloped markets and astutely applying new technological developments and applications. Mostly, they came from hard, smart, relentless work.
Success also demanded discipline. The discipline to operate safely and ethically; to zero-in on those markets where we can execute crisply and be excellent; to insist on good returns on our capital; to ceaselessly improve productivity and manage costs; and to nurture a long-term business perspective while maximizing short-term results.
So here is a brief, selective, review of some of the ways we served our customers and grew our business during 2005:
To Our Shareholders
3

Higher energy prices don’t have many upsides, but they do make previously uneconomical gas and oil fields more attractive for drilling. As a result, the energy sector accounted for much of Praxair’s growth during the year. Demand increased for our nitrogen and carbon dioxide to pressurize reservoirs of natural gas trapped
in oil sands, shale or coal beds in the U.S. and Canadian Rockies. Existing oil fields are also candidates for enhanced oil recovery (EOR) techniques. In this sector, we signed a major, 15-year contract with the Mexican state oil company, Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex)
to supply nitrogen for EOR in the 33-year-old Samaria oilfields
in southeastern Mexico. Current sales in the oil and gas production market are about $260 million a year, and are expected to grow about 25% per year over the next four or five years.
The energy sector accounted for much of Praxair’s growth during the year. Demand increased for our nitrogen and carbon dioxide used to pressurize reservoirs of oil and natural gas, and demand for Praxair’s hydrogen is expected to grow about 20% per year along the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Praxair’s hydrogen pipeline complex on the U.S. Gulf Coast continues to deliver high reliability for customers and high return on capital for Praxair. Hydrogen enables petroleum refiners to reduce the sulfur content of gasoline and diesel fuel required by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. During the year, we reached agreement to build a new plant to supply two Valero refineries in Texas. Demand for Praxair’s hydrogen in the region is expected to increase by more than 20% per year through 2010.
In fact, it was the strength of our energy-related businesses that enabled Praxair to compensate for lower oxygen sales to steel companies during the year as well as the temporary reduction in demand from customers hit hard by the two severe hurricanes in the Gulf Coast region. Praxair’s facilities suffered relatively minor damage in the storms.
4

 THE OFFICE OF THE CHAIRMAN (FROM RIGHT) DENNIS H. REILLEY, CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER,
RICARDO S. MALFITANO, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, STEPHEN F. ANGEL, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER AND JAMES S. SAWYER, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
To Our Shareholders
5

To Our Shareholders
Healthcare sales worldwide were up 19%, reflecting the increased demand for medical gases as well as respiratory and other services by both hospitals and home care patients. Margins in the U.S. have been reduced by lower government reimbursements, but our business leaders continued to take steps to minimize this impact. Overall, demand in this substantial market is expected to grow as populations age and more healthcare is shifted from the hospital to homes.
In China, Praxair is a leading supplier to petrochemicals, electronics and steel companies in the important industrial corridors around Beijing, Nanjing, Shanghai and Guangzhou.
Asia – particularly China and India – continues to enjoy strong growth rates with the result that many world-class manufacturers are locating plants there to serve both local and global markets. Praxair is well positioned in these countries, as well as in South Korea and Thailand. Currently Praxair has 16 major projects in China, with six scheduled to start up over the next two years. We completed construction of a plant that will supply a giant $4 billion petrochemical complex in Guangdong province, a joint venture between Shell Petrochemicals Company and China National Offshore Oil Corporation. Praxair is
a leading supplier to petrochemicals, electronics and steel companies in the important industrial corridors around Beijing, Nanjing, Shanghai and Guangzhou.
India’s upgrading of its civil and industrial infrastructure continues to gain momentum and Praxair is already participating strongly
in this market. Praxair opened a new oxygen plant to supply Tata Steel in Jamshedpur and signed a new contract with Hospet Steels, further solidifying our position as a leading supplier to steel, glass, petrochemicals and other Indian manufacturers. Late in the year, Praxair also won two major contracts to supply oxygen to steel complexes in northeastern India.
6

European sales for Praxair jumped to more than $1 billion in 2005, fueled largely by the smooth and rapid integration of our acquisition of industrial gases assets in Germany late in 2004. With our well- established business in Spain, Italy and Benelux, we now have a stronger and expanded presence in Western Europe.
In South America, our operations continue to support a high-return, high-growth and strong cash-generating business. Sales increased across all market sectors, and good pricing strategies helped offset cost inflation. In addition, about 40% of our South American contracts are priced to protect us from currency exposure. This year we expect significant growth in Brazil arising from our decision to enter the exciting adjacent market of liquefied natural gas (LNG)
in a joint venture with Brazil’s state-owned oil company, Petrobras. Our first LNG plant will start up in the first quarter, and Praxair will begin distributing LNG by truck to numerous industries and consumers who previously had no access to this clean energy source.
How we conduct our business is just as important as our financial results. Just after year-end, Praxair was named the most “shareholder friendly” among specialty chemical companies in an Institutional Investor magazine survey. This recognition is based on accessibility and forthright communication as well as on stock price appreciation, financial performance and good governance. In addition, we earned a fourth consecutive top governance rating from GovernanceMetrics International in 2005 – one of only four companies out of more than 3,000 worldwide to achieve the top score in four consecutive cycles. We were also chosen as a component of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for the third consecutive year, recognizing Praxair’s leadership in a number of social, environmental and economic activities.
In safety, Praxair turned in a good performance, although we did not match last year’s lowest-ever injury and accident rates. During the year, a Praxair Distribution facility in St. Louis, Missouri, suffered a major fire. Following our rigorous emergency procedures, all of our
7

To Our Shareholders
employees evacuated the site without any injuries. We regret this incident, and have reviewed all of our procedures in order to prevent such an event in the future.
Praxair’s board of directors has provided me and my management team with excellent support and wise counsel throughout the year and I thank each one for their dedication to the company. I also want to welcome our new board member, José Paulo de Oliveira Alves, former chief executive officer of the U.S. operation of one of Brazil’s leading steel producers, Companhia Siderugica Nacional. His international business experience and extensive knowledge of South American markets is already providing valuable insight to the company.
Effective March 1, I have appointed Steve Angel, formerly executive vice president, to the position of president and chief operating officer of the corporation. He will also be nominated to stand for election
to the board. Steve has made an outstanding contribution to Praxair’s success in recent years and possesses exceptional leadership skills.
As I look forward to another year of strong business performance,
I am well aware that our global businesses will constantly face the unexpected. Energy prices will continue to bounce; government and environmental regulations will change; some industries will flounder while others thrive; competition will intensify everywhere; and Nature itself can produce random and dramatic surprises.
But Praxair is resilient. Our business model is robust. Our people are fast and flexible, and able to achieve exceptional results across the globe. Operating safely, ethically and with deep integrity, we will move faster and more boldly in 2006.
DENNIS H. REILLEY, CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER MARCH 1, 2006
 8
