   1
    LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
    Fellow Shareholders
2014 was a challenging, yet rewarding year for Pioneer. Despite a historic drop in oil prices at the end of the year, Pioneer remains well positioned with a world-class onshore U.S. resource base, a strong financial position and the best people in the business.
Last year, we successfully completed the transformation of our extensive Spraberry/Wolfcamp acreage position in the Permian Basin of West Texas from a vertical oil play into a horizontal oil play with a drilling inventory that will last decades. This shift was a major contributor to our 18% growth in production compared to 2013 (excluding discontinued operations). Not only did we continue to deliver impressive horizontal well performance
in this West Texas play, we also delivered industry- leading drilling results in the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas. With Pioneer’s world-class, oil-rich shale plays, the Company’s oil production increased 25% year-over-year.
We added proved reserves from horizontal drilling activities in the Spraberry/Wolfcamp and Eagle
Ford Shale totaling 157 million barrels oil equivalent (MMBOE) during 2014. These proved reserve additions equated to a highly competitive drillbit finding and development cost of $15.51 per barrel
oil equivalent. We also enhanced the strength of our balance sheet by divesting three non-core assets and completing a successful equity offering.
Pioneer’s stock price continued the same strong upward trajectory through the first half of 2014 as it had since 2009, reflecting our track record of delivering strong annual production growth and
Scott D. Sheffield
Chairman and CEO
resource additions coupled with aggressive growth plans for the future. After reaching an all-time
high stock price of $234.60 in July, the stock price declined in response to the precipitous fall in oil prices. Even so, the stock performed in line with the average of our eleven-company peer group during 2014. Looking back over the five-year period covering 2010 through 2014, Pioneer was the top-performing stock in its peer group, recording a stock price increase of 209%. For this same five-year period, Pioneer was the third best-performing energy stock and the 49th best performer overall in the S&P 500.
Prior to the decline in oil prices during the second half of 2014, oil prices had been fairly stable over the past three years despite the significant increase in U.S. oil production from unconventional shale plays, especially in the Permian Basin, the Eagle Ford Shale and the Bakken Shale in North Dakota.
The growth in oil production from these plays was generally offset by reduced oil imports, which kept supply and demand fairly balanced in the U.S. Internationally, supply growth declined due to geopolitical factors, which offset the U.S. supply growth, and resulted in generally stable world oil prices during this time period.
However, as U.S. oil production continued to surge and production was restored by foreign producers, such as Libya, worldwide demand became sluggish, reflecting declining Chinese economic growth, the lingering recession in Europe and weaker economic performance in other regions. This resulted in a worldwide oversupply of oil and oil price weakness.
         2014 Annual Report

      2
WE ARE REDUCING OUR DRILLING ACTIVITY AND RELATED INFRASTRUCTURE SPENDING IN ORDER TO PRESERVE OUR STRONG BALANCE SHEET AND SIGNIFICANT CASH POSITION.
   During the fourth quarter of 2014, members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) decided to maintain production quotas at current high levels to preserve market share. This caused global oil prices, which had already been declining, to decrease significantly in December 2014. We anticipate that oil prices will continue to remain under pressure until the effects of reduced industry drilling activity and a recovery in worldwide economic activity bring oil supply and demand into closer balance.
Over the past few months, we have seen oil prices cut in half from approximately $100 per barrel to $50 per barrel. In response to this dramatic decline in oil prices, we are reducing our drilling activity and related infrastructure spending in order to preserve our strong balance sheet and significant cash position. Even with this slowdown, we will be able
Annual Production from Continuing Operations
to continue to prudently develop and grow our industry-leading positions in the Spraberry/Wolfcamp and Eagle Ford Shale during 2015 by focusing our drilling activity in the best areas of both plays. As a result of our strong balance sheet and derivatives position, Pioneer has the financial flexibility to prudently manage the Company through a protracted oil price downturn or quickly ramp up drilling activity when margins improve.
Operations Review and the Road Ahead
Spraberry/Wolfcamp Shale
From 2011 through 2014, Pioneer successfully appraised six highly prospective stacked intervals in the Spraberry/Wolfcamp using horizontal drilling. As a result, we increased our net recoverable resource potential from 3.1 billion barrels oil equivalent (BBOE) to 9.6 BBOE and identified an inventory of more than 20,000 drilling locations. We also more than doubled Spraberry/Wolfcamp production from 45 thousand barrels oil equivalent per day (MBOEPD) in 2011 to 99 MBOEPD in 2014. By the end of 2014, production from horizontal wells was approaching 50% of our total Spraberry/Wolfcamp production, an outstanding accomplishment considering our first horizontal wells were drilled only four years ago.
The Company placed 210 horizontal wells on production during 2014 in three Wolfcamp Shale intervals and three Spraberry Shale intervals in the Spraberry/Wolfcamp. Production results from these wells continue to be among the best delivered by industry participants across the play.
In 2015, we plan to operate 10 horizontal rigs in the Spraberry/Wolfcamp. Drilling activity is being high-graded to the areas and intervals in the play with the highest estimated ultimate recoveries
            in MBOEPD
155 137
182
          2012 2013 2014
    2014 Annual Report

          3
     (EURs) and net revenue interests. Activity will also be focused in areas where horizontal tank batteries exist. We will continue to drill multiple wells from
a single pad to reduce costs and will drill most of our new wells in the highly prolific Wolfcamp B and Wolfcamp A intervals. The 2015 drilling program is expected to generate average per well EURs ranging from 750 thousand barrels oil equivalent (MBOE)
to 900 MBOE. Since vertical drilling is no longer necessary to hold expiring leases and horizontal drilling generates higher rates of returns, we have shut down our vertical drilling program.
Pioneer’s long-term growth plan is focused on optimizing the development of the Spraberry/Wolfcamp, which includes continuing to improve our completion design and understanding of the subsurface geology. We will also build-out horizontal tank batteries, construct additional gas processing facilities, expand our
Brady, Texas, sand mine and construct a field-wide water supply and distribution network to meet future infrastructure requirements. Construction of this infrastructure is continuing, but at a slower pace than originally anticipated as a result of the decline in oil prices and associated drilling activity.
Eagle Ford Shale
In 2009, Pioneer completed its first horizontal well in the liquids-rich Eagle Ford Shale where the Company currently holds approximately 200,000 gross acres. During 2014, we placed 128 horizontal wells on
production in this play and increased our average Eagle Ford Shale production by 23% to a record 46 MBOEPD.
To maximize the total liquids ultimately recovered from our acreage position, we have continued to optimize the development of the field. This included placing 50 wells on production during 2014 in Upper Eagle Ford Shale targets. The wells completed in these Upper targets displayed similar production to offset wells completed in Lower Eagle Ford Shale targets where most of our wells have been drilled since 2009. Approximately 25% of our acreage is prospective for Upper targets.
We have also improved our liquids recoveries in
the Eagle Ford Shale through enhanced completion design. This has included increasing the amount of white sand proppant pumped per foot, increasing the volume of fracture stimulation fluid pumped per minute in each cluster, reducing cluster spacing and utilizing combinations of the above. This optimization program is increasing EURs by 20% to 30%, which more than offsets the increase in drilling and completion capital.
In 2015, we plan to operate six horizontal rigs in the Eagle Ford Shale and focus our drilling activity in Karnes and Dewitt counties where we have been drilling the most productive wells in the Eagle Ford Shale with EURs of 1.3 MMBOE. We will continue to drill multiple wells from a single pad and utilize a
     2014 Annual Report

     4
     two-string casing design instead of a three-string design in most of our wells to reduce costs.
Other Operations
In order to strategically redeploy capital to higher- return horizontal drilling in the Spraberry/Wolfcamp and enhance our balance sheet, we divested our Alaska, Barnett Shale and Hugoton assets during 2014 for net proceeds of $745 million. Plans
to divest Pioneer’s interest in our Eagle Ford midstream business were also announced. In our Rockies and West Texas Panhandle operations, we are continuing to focus on maximizing production and minimizing costs.
Crude Oil Exports
Oil exports have been banned in the U.S. since the Arab Oil Embargo in the early 1970s. As a result of growing industry shale oil production in the U.S., it became apparent early last year that the potential for a glut of light, sweet oil could occur in the U.S. within the next few years, followed by a delinking of U.S.
oil prices from world prices. As a result, Pioneer has become a leading proponent of having the oil export ban lifted by the U.S. government.
During the first half of 2014, Pioneer received confirmation from the U.S. Department of Commerce that condensate production processed at our Eagle Ford Shale gathering plants is a petroleum product that can be exported without a license. This was a positive first step toward a full lifting of the oil
export ban.
Pioneer exported approximately 10 thousand barrels oil per day (MBOPD) of Eagle Ford Shale condensate during the second half of 2014 to Asia and Europe, with significantly improved pricing compared to domestic condensate sales. Condensate exports are expected to increase to approximately 20 MBOPD
in 2015.
Multiple independent studies were published during 2014 in support of lifting the oil export ban. During 2015, we will continue to be proactive in educating the White House, Congress and the American public regarding the economic and national security benefits that would be gained by lifting the ban.
Focus on Safety and the Environment
Pioneer dedicates substantial resources to ensuring our business and operations are performed in a manner that protects people and respects the environment. During 2014, all of our employees completed extensive safety training, and we implemented new accident investigation and safety observation procedures to reinforce safety as an essential part of Pioneer’s culture. These actions, along with our continuing emphasis on promoting
a culture of safety across the Company, resulted in our Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) recordable injury rate and lost time accident rate being at eight-year lows in 2014.
Pioneer’s flow-line emissions reduction project in the West Texas Panhandle field was the first oil and gas project to ever receive a Texas Environmental
      2014 Annual Report

       WE ARE IN A VERY STRONG FINANCIAL POSITION TO WEATHER THIS CHALLENGING PERIOD OF LOW OIL PRICES. WE HAVE SUCCESSFULLY MANAGED THROUGH THESE PERIODS BEFORE, AND WE ARE WELL PREPARED TO DO SO AGAIN.
5
  Award in the Pollution Prevention category from the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ). We also worked closely with the Environmental Defense Fund (EDF) and the University of Texas
to study methane emissions associated with natural gas production. The results of the study are expected to be used by the Environmental Protection Agency in developing its annual Greenhouse Gas Inventory Report.
Our People
Having great assets isn’t enough. Delivering consistently strong results requires a commitment to excellence from all of our people. Pioneer is built on a foundation of respect and teamwork. Our employees are strong technically, are team players and put Pioneer first. In 2014, we were paid the highest compliment when we were named the number one place to work in the Dallas/Fort Worth area by the Dallas Morning News, based on a survey of
our employees.
I want to personally thank each and every person who works at Pioneer for the tremendous contributions they have made to our continuing success. Year in and year out, they meet, and in many cases exceed, our goals. In early 2015, their work is already delivering significant progress in reducing costs and gaining efficiencies as we face the challenges of a lower oil price environment. Our employees also give back in big ways to the communities where they work and live by volunteering their time and resources. To
sum it up, our people give us a substantial competitive advantage.
In closing, we are in a very strong financial position to weather this challenging period of low oil prices. We have successfully managed through these periods before, and we are well prepared to do so again.
Our 2015 cash flow is protected by attractive oil and
gas derivatives, and we have significant cash on the balance sheet. We will continue our diligent focus on reducing costs and improving efficiencies to prepare for increasing our drilling program when prices and margins recover. When markets improve, we will emerge even better prepared to efficiently develop the world-class resources that underpin Pioneer.
Scott D. Sheffield
Chairman and CEO
2015 Drilling Capital by Asset
$1.6 billion
Northern Spraberry/Wolfcamp Southern Wolfcamp
Eagle Ford Shale
Other
                               2014 Annual Report
