   Pioneer’s 2009 stock price performance far exceeded that of our peer group, and we were the 14th best performer in the entire S&P 500 for the year.
FELLOw ShaREhOLDERS:
We are very pleased with Pioneer’s performance
during 2009 — a year of challenging economic conditions but significant success in reducing costs, optimizing operations, enhancing reserve potential and strengthening our financial position.
Pioneer’s 2009 stock price performance far exceeded that of our peer group, gaining 198% for the year compared
to the peer group which was up an average of 67%. Consequently, Pioneer was the 14th best performer in the entire S&P 500 for the year.
Oil prices strengthened through 2009, but natural gas prices declined and were weak through much of the year. The NYMEX spot price for oil started the year at approximately $45 per barrel. By summer, it had risen to approximately $70 per barrel, and it closed the year at almost $80 per barrel. The NYMEX spot price for natural gas, which started the year at nearly $6 per thousand cubic feet (Mcf), declined in early 2009 to range from
$3 per Mcf to $4 per Mcf through much of the year before temporarily rising during the fourth quarter to again end the year at nearly $6 per Mcf.
2009 RESULTS
Facing low oil and gas prices in early 2009, we severely limited our capital expenditures to preserve capital and ensure free cash flow while we waited for well costs
to adjust to the lower commodity price environment. Pioneer drilled or participated in a total of 78 wells during 2009, down from 614 wells during 2008. Despite this very limited drilling program, production per share rose 5% to approximately 115,000 barrels oil equivalent (BOE) per day, reflecting the strength of our low-decline, long-lived oil and gas assets. Pioneer also added
52 million BOE of proved reserves at an all-in finding and development cost of $9.15 per BOE, excluding price- related revisions.
By limiting our capital spending, we reduced long-term debt by $205 million (excluding $67 million of long-term debt associated with our publicly-traded master limited partnership). Pioneer recorded a net loss attributable to common shareholders for 2009 of $52 million, or $.46 per diluted share. Cash flow from operating activities for the year was $543 million.
The increase in production per share was primarily attributable to oil production growth from three areas.
In the Spraberry field in West Texas, production rose
for the fourth consecutive year despite a limited 2009 drilling program, as the benefits of Pioneer’s larger 2008 Spraberry drilling program carried over into 2009. On
the North Slope of Alaska, oil production from Pioneer’s Oooguruk field more than quadrupled compared to 2008, in response to drilling seven successful wells. Tunisia oil production also increased over prior-year levels.
Across the Company, we focused significant effort on reducing production costs and had considerable success. We achieved substantial reductions in electricity, water disposal, well servicing, facilities and compression
costs. Pioneer also worked with service providers to reduce drilling and completion costs in preparation for reactivating our drilling programs when fundamentals strengthened and prices improved.
LIqUIDS-RICh FOCUS FOR 2010
While oil prices have strengthened, the outlook for natural gas prices is not as clear. Therefore, expected rates of return heavily favor investments in oil or
 
liquids-rich plays, at least in the near-term. Pioneer is one of the most liquids-rich independents in North America, and our strategy of maintaining a balance between oil and gas assets has proven to be a significant advantage in this environment, providing us with the flexibility to direct the majority of our capital investments toward oil and liquids-rich plays. Our long history in these plays also gives us the distinct advantage of established acreage positions, experience, the best technologies and existing infrastructure.
The Spraberry field is the largest onshore oil field in the U.S. lower 48 states, and Pioneer is the largest producer in the field, producing more than the next four companies combined. We hold approximately 900,000 acres, or approximately one-half of the field — the advantage of more than 30 years of Spraberry operating experience. We have had significant success with opening up additional pay from non-traditional organic-rich
shale/silt zones and with extending well depths to include the deeper Wolfcamp zone. We have more than 20,000 drilling locations in the field, and including the potential for incremental reserves and production from these additional pay zones and enhanced recovery from waterflooding, our Spraberry holdings give us exposure to more than 1.1 billion BOE of net resource potential.
We are aggressively ramping up our Spraberry drilling program and plan to be running 19 rigs by mid-year
and 24 rigs by year end. Approximately 425 Spraberry wells are expected to be drilled during 2010, generating quarter-to-quarter production growth. Beyond 2010, we plan to continue adding rigs to reach our targeted drilling pace of approximately 1,000 wells per year. To control costs, we’ve contracted drilling pipe, pumping units and sand supplies at attractive prices to meet our needs over the next few years. We are also expanding our integrated services, making relatively minor investments to enlarge our fracture stimulation fleet and to purchase drilling rigs and other equipment.
The Eagle Ford Shale play in South Texas is getting a great deal of attention for the enhanced value of the liquids-rich gas produced in a large part of the play. As with the Spraberry, Pioneer has a distinct advantage in this play arising from our history of operating in the area. Pioneer has drilled more than 150 wells into the Edwards formation that lies below the Eagle Ford Shale. We hold approximately 310,000 gross acres in the play and have approximately 2,000 square miles of 3-D seismic data, logs from more than 150 operated wells, micro-seismic data and proprietary core samples.
Pioneer has drilled three successful discovery wells which flowed at some of the highest gas and liquids rates reported to date in the play. We are currently operating a two-rig horizontal drilling program, targeting liquids-rich areas. To accelerate development of Pioneer’s substantial acreage position, we are actively pursuing a joint venture partner and expect to receive final bids by mid-year. We have 1,750 potential drilling locations and expect to expand our drilling program with our joint venture partner during the second half of 2010.
Pioneer was the first independent to operate on the North Slope of Alaska, discovering the Oooguruk oil field in 2003 and initiating development drilling in early 2008. The 2010 drilling program will target the Kuparuk and Nuiqsut formations and is expected to again generate significant oil production growth. A third reservoir will also be tested during the first half of 2010.
The Spraberry field is the largest onshore oil field in the U.S. lower 48 states, and Pioneer is the largest producer in the field.
In Tunisia, Pioneer’s oil drilling program resumes during 2010, with plans to drill three new prospects identified from recent 3-D seismic results and to participate in two non-operated wells. The drilling program is expected to generate strong oil production growth in 2010. South Africa natural gas production will also continue and benefit from stronger oil prices as the natural gas price is indexed to oil.
Until natural gas prices strengthen, we will continue to limit natural gas drilling. In the meantime, Pioneer’s Rockies and Mid-Continent teams are maintaining their focus on controlling costs and optimizing production. We can afford to be patient, because these natural gas assets have the advantage of long lives and steady but slow production declines. These two assets generate significant excess cash flow that is essential to our plans to aggressively expand drilling in oil and liquids-rich areas through 2012. Our Barnett Shale team expects
to reinitiate limited drilling later this year to test an
 
 opportunity in a more liquids-rich area of the play. In the Edwards Trend of South Texas, drilling will be curtailed until natural gas prices strengthen on a sustained basis.
The advantage of high- quality oil and gas assets and a disciplined strategy was evident during 2009.
Sustained support for the price of natural gas depends on increasing U.S. demand. The United States stands at an energy crossroad. The advantage of significant new natural gas resources from unconventional domestic sources, primarily shale formations, has been a topic of broad discussion and extensively studied. These new natural gas resources offer our nation a plentiful supply of a cleaner-burning domestic alternative to coal and imported oil. Expanding the use of natural gas provides an immediate opportunity, using existing technology, to reduce emissions and reduce reliance on imported oil. I am optimistic that the expected growth in demand will support higher natural gas prices and allow us to reactivate our natural gas drilling programs.
In 2010, we expect to generate free cash flow with capital spending of $800 million to $900 million (excluding acquisitions, asset retirement obligations, capitalized interest and geological and geophysical general and administrative costs). Our primary objective is increasing net asset value for our shareholders, and approximately
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS:
90% of total capital spending is oil focused. With this capital program and the continued benefit of our stable long-lived assets, we expect to post strong growth in production per share during 2010 and to continue to enhance our financial flexibility. In 2011 through 2015, with the distinct advantage of approximately 22,000 potential oil and liquids-rich drilling locations, we expect to deliver double-digit growth in production per share.
In the year since my last letter to shareholders, much has changed, but our people continue to be Pioneer’s greatest strength. Our employees were essential to our success in weathering the tough times of 2009 and in re-activating and accelerating oil drilling as we headed into 2010. By giving and generously volunteering their time in partnership with Pioneer, they supported their communities and positively impacted the lives of others. Our employees dedicated themselves to protecting the environment and maintaining a safe workplace, taking pride in upholding our corporate values. I thank them for their commitment and support.
The advantage of high-quality oil and gas assets and a disciplined strategy was evident during 2009. Despite
a substantial reduction in drilling activity, we delivered year-over-year production growth, free cash flow and improved financial flexibility. During 2010, with stronger oil prices, higher cash flow and an active drilling program, that advantage should be even more apparent.
We appreciate your support.
Scott D. Sheffield
Chairman and CEO
 Except for historical information contained herein, the statements in this document are forward-looking statements that are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements and the business prospects of Pioneer Natural Resources Company are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause Pioneer’s actual results in future periods to differ materially from the forward- looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are described in Items 1, 1A, 7 and 7A and on page 5 of Pioneer’s Form 10-K included with this report.
Cautionary Note to U.S. Investors — The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) prohibits oil and gas companies, in their filings with the
SEC, from disclosing estimates of oil or gas resources other than “reserves,” as that term is defined by the SEC. In this letter, Pioneer includes estimates
of quantities of oil and gas using certain terms, such as “resource potential” or other descriptions of volumes of reserves, which terms include quantities
of oil and gas that may not meet the SEC’s definitions of proved, probable and possible reserves, and which the SEC’s guidelines strictly prohibit Pioneer from including in filings with the SEC. These estimates are by their nature more speculative than estimates of proved reserves and accordingly are subject to substantially greater risk of being recovered by Pioneer. U.S. investors are urged to consider closely the disclosures in the Company’s periodic filings with the SEC, available from the Company at 5205 N. O’Connor Blvd., Suite 200, Irving, Texas 75039, Attention: Investor Relations, and the Company’s website at www.pxd.com. These filings also can be obtained from the SEC by calling 1-800-SEC-0330.
