  Scott D. Sheffield
Chairman and CEO
1
Fellow Shareholders:
We entered 2013 with high expectations for Pioneer, our industry and U.S. energy growth. To reach Pioneer’s goals, we expected much from our people and from our assets, especially our acreage positions in two of the most prolific plays in the U.S., the Spraberry/Wolfcamp Shale in the Midland Basin of West Texas and the Eagle Ford
Shale in South Texas. We also expected the U.S. energy renaissance to continue—that our industry would continue to support our country’s economic recovery, provide strong job growth and advance U.S. energy security. I’m very pleased to report that results for 2013 were well beyond our expectations.
I consider 2013 to be the best year in Pioneer’s 17-year history. Pioneer’s stock price increased by 73%, and we were once again the top-performing energy stock in the S&P 500 Index. Our successful horizontal drilling programs in West Texas and South Texas contributed to another year of
strong production growth and proved oil and natural gas reserve additions from the drill bit. The drilling program and continued emphasis
on science activities in the Spraberry/Wolfcamp and Eagle Ford Shales significantly advanced our understanding of the resource potential within these two prolific plays, optimized our future development plans and added significant net asset value for our shareholders. These plays offer exceptional returns and tremendous growth opportunities for many years to come.
Drilling results in 2013, combined with geologic data from thousands of existing wells, allowed
our geoscience team to further refine the potential of multiple prospective horizontal targets throughout Pioneer’s approximate 825,000 gross acre Spraberry/Wolfcamp Shale position. The team now estimates that our acreage position has an aggregate estimated resource potential of more
  Annual Production Growth from Continuing Operations in thousands BOEPD
    2013 Annual Report
2011
112
2012
144
2013
161

  than 10 billion barrels oil equivalent (BOE), up almost 50% from the year-ago estimate of 7 billion BOE.
The U.S. upstream oil and natural gas industry
has defied previous forecasts that our country’s energy production had reached its peak and would be in constant decline. The U.S. energy renaissance continues to exceed expectations
for production growth, economic stimulus and
job creation. Oil production in the U.S. rose by a record 992,000 barrels a day, or more than 15%, to average 7.5 million barrels a day in 2013, according to the International Energy Agency, significantly exceeding its initial forecast.
During 2012, the United States overtook Russia as the world’s top natural gas producer, and U.S. natural gas production again increased in 2013, averaging more than 70 billion cubic feet per day, according to the Energy Information Administration. As our industry expands U.S.
oil and natural gas production beyond what is required for U.S. energy security, the discussion is appropriately shifting to the opportunity
for exporting domestic oil and natural gas for the benefit of our international allies, thereby stabilizing and strengthening global energy supply while continuing to create jobs and economic benefits here at home.
Exceptional Progress in 2013
Spraberry/Wolfcamp Shale
Pioneer has a long history in the Midland Basin’s Spraberry field and has been the field’s most active driller for many years. The oil-rich Wolfcamp Shale lies below the Spraberry formation, and
in 2010, Pioneer began successfully utilizing
2
Spraberry/Wolfcamp Shale Intervals
Upper Spraberry Middle Spraberry
Jo Mill
Jo Mill Silt
Lower Spraberry
Dean
Wolfcamp A
Wolfcamp B
Wolfcamp C1
Wolfcamp C2
Wolfcamp D
Strawn Mississippian/Atoka
                                2013 Annual Report

 3
2013 Annual Report
hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling to access the resource potential of multiple stacked unconventional tight-rock zones, first within
the Wolfcamp Shale formations and later within the Spraberry Shale formations. The wells drilled in 2013 continue to exceed expectations, further increasing our estimate of oil-in-place and the percentage of oil that can be recovered from these tight-rock formations.
Pioneer wells hold the record for highest initial production rates in several of the shale intervals, and early production data indicates that some single-interval wells have resource potential of more than 1 million BOE. Wells pay out quickly, many in one year or less.
During 2013, Pioneer closed a $1.8 billion joint interest transaction with a U.S. subsidiary of
the Sinochem Group, which provides funding to accelerate horizontal development in the southern 207,000 acres of the Wolfcamp Shale play.
We utilized an average of seven rigs and drilled approximately 100 horizontal wells on this acreage during 2013, including wells drilled during the second half of the year to test downspacing to optimize ultimate oil recoveries.
To the north, Pioneer’s Spraberry/Wolfcamp Shale horizontal drilling program focused on appraising six shale target zones known to have substantial oil-in-place. The program involved increasing the horizontal rig count from one to five by midyear and included extensive scientific data capture
such as coring, open-hole logging, micro-seismic and 3-D seismic. We placed 21 horizontal wells on production during the year, successfully appraising four of six targeted stacked pay intervals and confirming our geologic maps.
Pioneer also utilized an average of 15 rigs to
drill approximately 380 vertical wells in the Spraberry field during 2013, principally to meet continuous drilling obligations. The Company’s daily production from the Midland Basin increased approximately 19% from the prior year to an average of 79,500 BOE per day (BOEPD) in 2013.
Pioneer has a number of advantages in the Spraberry/Wolfcamp Shale as a result of our long history there. In addition to our geoscience team’s deep understanding of the stacked pay intervals, we have long been the largest employer in Midland among upstream companies and have a strong, experienced workforce. Our existing operations infrastructure, midstream transportation and processing assets, and integrated well and pumping services also contribute to our success and help us reduce costs.
Eagle Ford Shale
In 2009, Pioneer completed its first horizontal
well in the Eagle Ford Shale and was the second company to announce a discovery in this exciting play. We have held leases in South Texas for many years and currently hold approximately 215,000 gross acres, principally in the Eagle Ford Shale play, where we are drilling our most liquids-rich acreage. During 2013, we drilled 132 horizontal Eagle Ford Shale wells, running ten rigs, and increased our average Eagle Ford Shale production by 35% to approximately 37,600 BOEPD.
To maximize the total liquids ultimately recovered from our acreage position, we are focused
on optimizing the spacing between wells and improving our well completion practices.
During 2013, we tested downspacing, reducing the spacing between wells, and added 300

 well locations to our drilling inventory. Further downspacing tests are underway.
Over the past two years, we have worked to improve our well completion practices and have increased recoverable reserves by 20% to 30%
with minimal incremental capital investment. We continue to drill multiple wells from a single pad to reduce costs and improve efficiencies, and our gathering and midstream strategy has also contributed to stronger returns.
4
Once again, we are entering the year with high expectations. Our main objective is to translate the resource growth we delivered in 2013 to strong production and cash flow per share growth in 2014 and beyond, potentially doubling Pioneer’s production over the next five years.
  Proved Reserves and Recoverable Resource Potential
 Proved Reserves
845 million BOE (MMBOE)
70 MMBOE 93 MMBOE
119 MMBOE 131 MMBOE
432 MMBOE
Additional Net Recoverable Resource Potential
10.2 billion BOE (BBOE)
          180 MMBOE 450 MMBOE
        9.6 BBOE
 Spraberry/Wolfcamp Eagle Ford Shale Rockies Mid-Continent
Other
62% of proved reserves are oil and natural gas liquids and 38% are natural gas.
     2013 Annual Report

 5
2013 Annual Report
We drilled our first Upper Eagle Ford Shale well and are very encouraged with production rates that are consistent with offset wells drilled into the Lower Eagle Ford Shale. We believe approximately 25% of our acreage is prospective for the Upper Eagle Ford Shale interval.
Other Operations
Maximizing production and minimizing costs were the focus of our operations in the Rockies and Mid-Continent areas, which produce predominantly dry natural gas. In the Barnett Shale Combo play, a section of the Barnett Shale that holds oil, natural gas liquids and natural
gas, Pioneer drilled 40 wells, running two
rigs and increasing average daily production from 7,300 BOEPD in 2012 to approximately 8,600 BOEPD in 2013.
In order to allocate more capital to higher- return horizontal drilling in the Spraberry/ Wolfcamp Shale, we are divesting our assets in Alaska and the Barnett Shale Combo area. The sale of our Alaska subsidiary for $300 million, subject to normal closing adjustments, plus other consideration, is expected to close during the second quarter of 2014. The sale continues to be subject to certain conditions, including governmental approvals. We also announced our intention to divest our Barnett Shale Combo assets in February 2014.
We continued to be among the top performers in our peer group in total shareholder return in 2013. Over the past five years, Pioneer’s cumulative return to shareholders was 1,046%, significantly ahead of both of our benchmarks—the S&P 500 Index and the S&P E&P Index. For the five-year period, the cumulative returns for the S&P 500
Index and the S&P E&P Index were 128% and
92%, respectively. In addition to being the top- performing energy stock in the S&P 500 Index for 2013, Pioneer was the best-performing energy stock in the index for the past five years.
Companywide, Pioneer drilled 698 wells with
99% success. Average production from continuing operations was up 12% for 2013 compared to 2012, reflecting production from Alaska and the Barnett Shale Combo area as discontinued operations.
Through the drill bit, Pioneer added 141 million BOE (MMBOE) from discoveries, extensions, improved recovery and technical revisions of previous estimates (excludes revisions of previous estimates of 319 MMBOE of proved undeveloped reserves that are no longer expected to be drilled and
30 MMBOE of positive price revisions), replacing 211% of full-year 2013 production at a drill bit finding and development cost of $19.70 per
BOE. As a result of the Company continuing to shift its future drilling activity in the Spraberry/ Wolfcamp area from vertical drilling to more capital-efficient horizontal drilling, we reduced
our proved undeveloped reserves related to future vertical drilling during 2013. We expect to more than replace the vertical reserves removed with horizontal reserves over the next few years as we collect additional production and well control data from our increasing horizontal drilling activity. Pioneer’s year-end 2013 proved reserves totaled 845 million BOE.
Execution is Key for 2014
Once again, we are entering the year with high expectations. Our main objective is to translate the resource growth we delivered in 2013 to strong production and cash flow per share growth in

 2014 and beyond, potentially doubling Pioneer’s production over the next five years.
During 2014, we expect to invest approximately $3.3 billion in drilling and other capital projects, which is almost entirely allocated to Texas-based activities. The capital budget is expected to be funded from forecasted operating cash flow, cash on the balance sheet and proceeds from the planned divestitures.
Across the Spraberry/Wolfcamp Shale area, we plan to drill approximately 250 horizontal wells and 200 vertical wells. We expect our vertical drilling to further decline over the coming years as we continue to ramp up our horizontal drilling program. The vertical well drilling program is
exclusively focused on meeting our continuous drilling obligations in order to maintain our acreage position.
We are increasing our horizontal rig count in the northern Spraberry/Wolfcamp Shale from five rigs at the end of 2013 to 16 rigs by the end of
the first quarter and plan to drill approximately 140 horizontal wells while transitioning from a horizontal appraisal program to a horizontal development program. To maximize efficiency and reduce costs, we will utilize three-well pads to batch drill and complete the wells.
Pioneer plans to drill approximately 115 wells
in the southern joint interest area during 2014.
We are currently testing downspacing and working to optimize completion techniques to maximize resource recovery. Three-well pads and batch drilling and completions will also be used in the south to maximize efficiency and reduce costs.
In the Eagle Ford Shale, Pioneer plans to drill approximately 110 horizontal wells in the liquids- rich area of the play in 2014. Most of these wells will be drilled utilizing three-well and four-well pads. Based on strong results in 2013, the 2014 wells will have longer lateral lengths and larger fracture stimulations. The ability to drill more wells with fewer rigs reflects the success of our efforts to control costs.
In the Rockies and Mid-Continent areas, we plan to continue our activities to control costs and maximize production as we continue to rely on these long-lived natural gas assets to provide significant cash flow to fund our growth plans in higher-returning assets.
  6
2014 Drilling Capital by Asset
$3 billion
 Northern Spraberry/Wolfcamp Southern Wolfcamp
Eagle Ford Shale
Other
    2013 Annual Report

 Delivering consistently strong results in the midst of rapid growth requires talented employees who are committed to excellence. They, too, continue to deliver beyond expectations.
7
 2013 Annual Report
Focus on Safety and the Environment
Pioneer dedicates substantial resources to ensure that our business and operations are performed in a manner that respects the environment and protects people. While we have a solid track record in this regard, considering our rapid growth, we realized that we needed to further enhance our focus.
We now have three separate departments, staffed with top-notch professionals, focusing on our Safety, Environment and Sustainable Development initiatives. We also established multiple committees comprised of our Board of Directors and senior management to provide oversight and leadership for Pioneer’s health, safety and environmental practices and to monitor Pioneer’s efforts to continually promote our culture of safety and environmental stewardship.
But our actions will speak louder than any organizational structure, and I’m proud to say that 2013 was a year of action, which will provide momentum for the future. We are already seeing improvements in safety behaviors as a result
of our Drive to Zero initiative, in which Pioneer’s leadership is creating a workplace that strives
to be free of incidents and injuries. Our new environmental team is kicking off a number
of initiatives, and our sustainable development team is hard at work to reduce fresh water use and to better quantify and minimize methane and other emissions.
Pioneer employees are involved in a number
of collaborative efforts within our industry
and with third parties to evaluate and minimize the environmental impact of oil and natural gas operations, better educate those who
are interested and enhance information we disclose publicly.
Valued Employees
We are very pleased to be able to create jobs and welcome new employees to the Pioneer team. Delivering consistently strong results in the midst of rapid growth requires talented employees who are committed to excellence, and we appreciate their outstanding performance during 2013.
They, too, continue to deliver beyond expectations.
We also appreciate the support of our employees for the communities where we live and work, their commitment to a respect-based corporate culture and upholding our values. Pioneer was again recognized as a top company to work for in the Dallas/Fort Worth area, based on employee survey results. We consider this one of our highest honors.
Pioneer is well positioned with leading acreage holdings in two world-class unconventional plays in Texas. These and other unconventional plays have changed the U.S. energy landscape and offer our country a more secure energy future. We are proud to be a part of what was beyond anyone’s expectations just a few years ago, and as always, we appreciate your support.
Scott D. Sheffield
Chairman and CEO
 