Fellow
investors
I am pleased to report that 2015 was another successful year for our company, Quintiles. We extended our record as a healthcare industry leader while continuing to grow our business and deliver strong financial results. With our differentiated market leadership position, Quintiles is poised
to drive results for our customers, patients, employees, and our shareholders.
In 2015, Quintiles delivered 9.0% constant currency service revenue growth. We won
$5.32 billion of net new business, driving
a 1.23 book-to-bill ratio, our fifth straight year with a consolidated book-to-bill of greater than 1.20. Our diluted adjusted earnings per share was $3.33, representing 23.3% growth over
the prior year. We generated $397 million of free cash flow, and since going public, have returned nearly $1 billion of cash to shareholders through repurchases. (See inside back cover, page 11, for reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP metrics.)
Our leadership was recognized with an impressive array of industry and global awards in 2015. We were proud to be included in Fortune’s “World’s Most Admired Companies” list for the first time,
in addition to being among the Fortune 500.
This recognition is a testament to the decades
of hard work, dedication, and global investments made by our founders, our shareholders, and our 36,000 employees around the world.
Since our 2013 IPO, Quintiles has returned nearly $1 billion of capital
to shareholders through repurchases
9.0%
service revenue growth (at constant currency)
$5.3bn
net new business in 2015
 Tom Pike
CEO
                                   3

                                                                                                                                                                                        >$12bn
backlog as of December 31, 2015
As I write this in early 2016, the world is facing many uncertainties. We feel confident about Quintiles’ prospects. We are a company with a purpose and focus. We are in an industry that presents many opportunities, and are not directly correlated with many of the economic issues plaguing the world today. We are the largest and most diversified company in our industry: diversified by customer with more than 550 biopharmaceutical customers, none of whom comprise more than 10% of our annual service revenue; diversified by geography, operating
in approximately 100 countries; and importantly in our industry, diversified by therapeutic expertise. As a result, we grew our industry-leading backlog to over $12 billion and our average contract can last several years.
A company with a purpose and focus
2015 was our 34th year as a corporation. We have a vision: We bring people
and knowledge together for a healthier world. In January 2016, we assembled key stakeholders from a successful trial for an employee town hall meeting:
a pharmaceutical sponsor, a physician investigator, and a patient. We had recently finished a major trial, and the medicine was approved. Having participated in
a clinical trial, the patient described the positive impact on her health, her family, and her ability to help others. The clinical trial was very challenging, but successful. It was also important as there are few treatments for this particular autoimmune system disorder. Our team used innovative, safe approaches to find investigators and patients, and to conduct the trial. It was a proud moment as our people
were recognized for their commitment and professionalism by the sponsor,
a participating doctor, and an actual patient.
Recently, we also heard from two local teachers here in North Carolina, who happen to be twins. As elementary school teachers to some Quintiles’ families, they had already made a difference in our world. They took this impact to a whole new level by sharing their story as pediatric participants in a potentially life-saving trial that Quintiles helped conduct back in 1989. It was an emotional reminder
of the value of our work and what is at stake day in and day out.
We are successful as a company when we improve our customers’ probability
of success. When we help our customers succeed, we help more patients, we employ more people, and we deliver bottom-line results. Our job is to do both what our customers ask today, and anticipate what they need tomorrow. As the largest biopharmaceutical services provider, we need to lead, and we do.
Last year in this report, I discussed Quintiles’ overall corporate strategy and competitive advantages at some length. I will briefly summarize them again. Suffice to say, we executed on them in 2015. Our strategy remains the same for 2016 – we will work
to maintain a solid track record of revenue growth, earnings growth, and industry leadership. To execute our strategy, our management team drives five imperatives each day throughout our business.
         Our job is to do both what our customers ask today, and anticipate what they need tomorrow
                   4

                                                                                                                                                                             • Profitable growth at above-market rates
• Investing in offerings and assets that leverage our scale
and create value for our customers
• Leading with world-class customer relationship management
• Focus and metrics around quality, productivity, and proactive delivery management
• Investing in our people for leadership development and a high-performance workforce.
In addition to being a “Most Admired” and Fortune 500 Company, Quintiles was named Best CRO at the World Vaccine Congress and Asia-Pacific’s CRO of the Year by Frost and Sullivan, our seventh time winning this award in the past nine years. We were proud to receive the Society for Clinical Research Sites’ (SCRS) 2015 Clinical Research Organization (CRO) Eagle Award for the third straight year. This award honors leadership in working with clinical trial investigator sites, the lifeblood of our industry and vital stakeholders in the conduct of clinical trials. Quintiles was also named to the InformationWeek Elite 100 for our technology innovation in accelerating the clinical trials process.
An industry with opportunity
Our job is to improve our customers’ probability of success, not only in developing the data required for new therapies to be approved for use, but to also help get good medicines into the hands of patients. Our customers today are largely the companies that develop and commercialize pharmaceutical products and medical devices, and our insights and experiences are increasingly sought after by other healthcare industry participants, including providers in particular.
Scientists around the world are making great advances in the understanding
of disease and how medicines work. Increasing and accessible computational capabilities, cloud-based bioinformatics, and declining costs of various genomic sequencing are some of the catalysts for this crescendo of medical discovery. We are seeing a shift toward paradigms based on molecular-based insights. We are seeing shifts from one-size-fits-all to precision medicine and greater sophistication. The use of the immune system for the treatment of cancer or the protection against Ebola is a tantalizing preview of what is possible. While we have come a long way, more advances are desperately needed.
Globally, healthcare spending is increasingly driven by the demographics of an aging population and greater access to healthcare. Industry researchers estimate the growth in total spend on medicines will increase between 4% and 7% through 2018. We believe that spending on therapies will increase in most countries. The mix of branded and generic products will continue to evolve, and as it does, ideally savings will be applied toward greater access to care as well as new, innovative
Quintiles was named “Best CRO” at the World Vaccine Congress
                              5

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          The FDA approved 45 new molecular entities, the most since 1996
therapies. New therapies are needed to treat not only common conditions such as cardiovascular disease, cancer, and Alzheimer’s disease, but also diseases that we either thought were cured, like drug-resistant bacterial infections or tuberculosis; diseases we did not previously recognize, such as the potential link between in utero Zika infection and microcephaly; or curiosities from medical textbooks, such as Ebola and dengue fever.
Because of these innovative approaches and the growing need, biotech funding hit record levels in 2015, according to BioCentury, and exceeded $49 billion. According to industry analysts, the number of compounds in Phase I–III development rose to more than 5,000 in 2015, an increase of nearly 10% versus 2014. The result of this combination of funding and scientific insight is illustrated by the fact that in 2015, the FDA approved 45 new molecular entities, the most since 1996. A total of 93 were recommended for approval by the European Medicines Agency, up from 82 in 2014. Testing these therapies to ensure they are safe and effective, and helping to bring them forward for approval – Quintiles’ core services – has never been more important.
2015 was also a year during which discussion of the economics of pharmaceuticals took center stage in many countries, particularly in the United States. The cost of developing drugs – performing testing in a highly regulated setting, and ensuring the safety of subjects and the efficacy of a therapy – is expensive and is becoming even more so. According to Tufts, this cost is up 34% since 2010. People can argue about the specific costs and the methodology of calculating them, but many new therapies cost billions of dollars to develop and prove safe. Unlike almost
any other industry, there is no residual value in a failed asset. A therapy is either approved and has the possibility of recouping its investment, or it fails and never sees the market. As a result, the pharma industry needs to improve its probability of success. That is where Quintiles is a most valuable partner.
Clinical Development is rapidly getting more sophisticated and complex
Going back to the introduction of antibiotics to combat tuberculosis in the 1940s, randomized clinical trials (RCTs) have been critical to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of drugs. RCTs provide high-quality data for decision making regarding a new medication against comparators, including the current standard of care.
In our business, we go through a well-vetted series of stages demonstrating safety and effectiveness. This is what our Product Development segment does – for each drug trial, it creates a network of physician investigators around the world, recruits a specific type of patients, monitors the safety and progress of the trial, collects and analyzes the evidence, and helps with regulatory submissions for the product.
While there is evidence that the average number of patients enrolled in individual trials has declined, there is also an appreciation that these trials have become more complex. For example, from 2002 to 2012, the number of endpoints in a typical Phase III protocol increased more than 85%, and the number of protocol-
             6

                                                                                                                                                                             related procedures increased 58% while the number of countries involved in each trial more than tripled. These elements have helped fuel the growth of Quintiles’ Product Development business.
At the same time, according to Tufts, the average annual peak sales for an approved drug are down by about half, as is the rate of return, even as the total amount spent on medicines around the world is expected to continue growing. Pharmaceutical companies must respond to these trends by realigning their portfolios and focusing spending with an effectiveness the industry has not yet been able to demonstrate.
More evidence is needed. Our biopharmaceutical customers must have the evidence that medicines work – often with local populations – both from randomized clinical trials, and evidence from “real world” studies. They must
adjust resources quickly based on the opportunity and results in the marketplace to maximize lifecycle benefits. Quintiles’ Integrated Healthcare Services (IHS) segment focuses in this area. We are the leaders in real-world evidence, literally writing the handbook on comparative effectiveness for real-world data. We are the leaders in commercial sales outsourcing, which enables customers to optimize their resources and have a global reach when commercializing a drug. Across both of our segments, Quintiles has top-quality advisory services, helping ensure our customers address the most complex questions ranging from portfolio choices
to market access.
In a changing landscape, Quintiles is well positioned. Thirty-four years old this year, the company has demonstrated an ability to stay a step ahead in the changing marketplace. By our estimates, pharmaceutical companies continue to increasingly outsource clinical development and commercialization support activities. Our analysis, from a number of sources, indicates that overall market growth for
each of our segments is currently estimated to be approximately 6–8% per year (on average) through 2018, with a significant portion of this growth coming from increased outsourcing.
From strategy to execution
I am proud to share a few highlights of our team’s execution last year. 2015 generally played out as we expected. Our 9% constant currency revenue growth is above
our markets’ growth rates. We describe it as a tale of two halves. Within Product Development, growth began modestly. In the fourth quarter, Product Development growth rose to 12.1% at constant currency, for an annual constant currency service revenue growth of 7.2%. Meanwhile, IHS revenue growth began 2015 strong and moderated at the end of the year, resulting in 14.0% revenue growth at constant currency. From a profitability perspective, we grew consolidated adjusted income from operations by 13.4% to $679.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2015.
Our combination of deep therapeutic and scientific expertise, global scale, and integrated technology and data assets continues to differentiate Quintiles.
In a changing landscape, Quintiles is well positioned
                              7

  $4.3bn
overall service revenues in 2015
$3.33
diluted adjusted EPS
23.3%
diluted adjusted EPS growth
This combination makes us a natural choice for sole-source relationships, an area where we saw continued demand in 2015. Across mid-size and smaller biopharma, we now have 10 Product Development sole-source relationships. This was an important contributor to our 1.29 book-to-bill ratio, a healthy sales year for this segment.
Quality, productivity, and delivery remained a focus in 2015. We made investments
in our Global Delivery Network (GDN), which delivers consistent quality from locations around the world where we can recruit top talent, standardize processes, accelerate best practices, and strategically manage supply-and-demand peaks and troughs,
all at lower costs. Leveraging best practices from top service providers in other industries, our GDN is an innovation in our industry and an opportunity for us to flex our global scale in ways that we believe others cannot match. The GDN helps us drive quality, efficiency, and productivity for our customers.
Overall, Quintiles continues to be a leader in talent development, and I believe we have the best management team in the industry. In 2015, we deployed our Leadership Key Talent Initiative, a rigorous, innovative management development program to develop our next generation of senior leaders and deepen our bench strength. As a result of these efforts, Quintiles was awarded the Leadership Excellence Award for Innovation from HR.com in February 2016.
Within Product Development, we generated $4.12 billion of net new business
and, as noted earlier, a 1.29 book-to-bill ratio based on solid performance
across our business lines within the segment. We grew service revenues 7.2%
at constant currency, and as expected, growth accelerated in the second half
of 2015 as projects resulting from our strong new business wins at the end of
2014 progressed through study start-up and into higher revenue burning stages. Product Development’s income from operations margin finished at 22.4% for the year. Additionally, Product Development represented 73.8% of consolidated service revenues and 89.5% of segment income from operations for the year.
In July, Product Development launched a global clinical trials laboratory services business called Q2 Solutions in a joint venture with Quest Diagnostics. As the world’s second-largest clinical trials laboratories business, Q2 Solutions enables biopharmaceutical customers to enhance their drug development processes as well as support precision medicine through genomics, companion diagnostics, and other advanced means. This business builds value through a more efficient, effective organization that leverages the size, scientific expertise, and operational excellence of the parent organizations, and with integration, we target it to generate $40 million to $50 million in annualized savings by 2018.
As detailed earlier, IHS delivered 14.0% constant currency service revenue growth in 2015. IHS income from operations margin finished the year at 7.4%, representing a 160 basis point improvement resulting from a positive service mix change. Our Real-world and Late Phase Research unit had strong growth in 2015, and is well-
  8

positioned to meet the increased need for real-world evidence in 2016. For the year, our IHS segment represented 26.2% of consolidated service revenues and 10.5% of segment income from operations.
These segment-level financial results drove another strong year of earnings per share (EPS) growth, with diluted adjusted EPS of $3.33, an increase of more
than 23.3% over 2014. SG&A, as a percentage of service revenues, was 21.3%, consistent with 21.2% in 2014, while also including costs related to the Q2 Solutions transaction, the addition of expenses related to our 2014 acquisition of Encore,
and investments in our GDN.
We generated $397 million of free cash flow in 2015, a 13.8% increase compared with 2014. This helped grow our cash balance to $977 million as of December 31, 2015, and allowed us to continue to execute on our capital allocation strategy. In 2015, we completed a $2.75 billion debt refinancing that extended maturities and lowered the overall average cost of our debt. We also repurchased $515 million of our common stock, funded with cash on hand.
Our Board of Directors appointed Jack Greenberg to serve as our new Chairman of the Board, effective January 1, 2016. Quintiles co-founder, Dennis Gillings, CBE, retired from his position as Executive Chairman, and remains on the Quintiles Board of Directors. Dr Gillings will continue to provide invaluable counsel to me and our management team as a director. I personally would like to thank him for his past and continuing support.
$397m
free cash flow in 2015
  “A great house in a good neighborhood”
46%
North America/Latin America
34%
EMEA
20%
Asia Pacific
How the regions represent our total consolidated service revenues
 As the industry leader, we are aware that, in uncertain times, some players in
a marketplace will come and go. Quintiles continues its growth at a steady rate, allowing us to work with a diversified base of biopharmaceutical industry leaders. We believe the combination of our leadership, scale, steady execution, and diversification in an attractive market makes Quintiles a compelling story in these times. We are a “great house in a good neighborhood.”
Again, I want to congratulate our 36,000 employees around the world for the work they did in 2015. As a service company, the execution, industry knowledge, and expertise of our employees are the chief attributes that differentiate Quintiles from our competitors.
Tom Pike
Chief Executive Officer
   9
