LETTER TO OuR STOCkHOLDERS
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
We are pleased to present the first stockholder letter from Liberty Interactive as a stand-alone company. It was a long time coming, but in September 2011, we completed the separation of Liberty Interactive from Liberty Media. We were pleased to complete this separation as it brings visibility to the strength of the operating business of QVC and our eCommerce companies and highlights Liberty Interactive as a focused digital commerce company rather than a traditional media company.
To bring further focus, in February 2012 we announced that Liberty Interactive will be recapitalized into two tracking stocks: a new Liberty Interactive and Liberty Ventures. Liberty Interactive will be attributed with our digital commerce businesses (QVC and eCommerce) along with our 34% stake in HSn. Liberty Ventures will be attributed with the remainder of our non-consolidated equity stakes. We believe this new structure will bring added clarity to our digital commerce assets, create stronger acquisition currencies, provide greater access to the capital markets, create improved ability to tailor equity incentives to business performance, and increase stockholder value while maintaining tax efficiency. At Liberty Ventures, we will focus on efficiently monetizing our equity investments and investing that capital in high return projects. A current focus for investing is green energy projects, which can include clean coal, wind power and solar. To date, we have made two investments and are considering a healthy pipeline of additional potential opportunities. For more details on the new tracker, we invite you to review the more extensive documents we have filed with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We anticipate issuing the new tracker in the summer of 2012.
Where We Excel
We believe that we:
• Have a stockholder-centric culture – We think like owners and focus on long-term gains rather than short-term results. The compensation structure of our management team is closely tied to stock price and has a long-term focus, more than is typical for our peers. The senior management team has a significant portion of its net worth tied to Liberty Interactive;
• Are forward-looking – We seek to take advantage of the benefits and minimize the risks associated with the digital transition in our operating businesses;
• Empower management – We invest in strong teams at our operating companies, provide strategic input and capital, and aim to empower them; and
• Demonstrate financial expertise – We have significant experience in mergers, divestitures, investing, tax optimization, capital deployment, and setting creative capital structures.
   Annual Report 2011 1

   The Economic Climate
Although recent signs point to some positive momentum, the challenging uS economic environment persists. Consumers are bombarded with mixed economic signals that impact their views on discretionary spending. The unemployment rate is finally starting to decline, gas prices are volatile and a recovery in the housing market has taken longer than most anticipated. Tax policy for individuals and businesses will remain in limbo until a new Congress and perhaps new administration are in place, creating further instability. The situation in Europe is arguably worse with many European countries with unsustainable national debt levels and increasingly limited access to the capital markets. Many countries’ approach to Europe’s recession has mainly focused on austerity measures which have hindered growth and pushed unemployment rates well into the double-digits. We expect the uncertainty in these markets to continue as some countries double-dip into recession while others will not be able to emerge from the recessions they are already in. As always, our managers will focus on the factors under their control – providing customers with products and services at a good value, while also looking for opportunities that emerge from the uncertainty.
What We Did Well
The most significant accomplishment last year was separating Liberty Interactive from Liberty Media, which we discussed above. We expected to see a more positive reaction in the market to this, but when none came, we took the opportunity to repurchase our stock in meaningful amounts. From August 1, 2011 through April 30, 2012 we repurchased over $750 million in Liberty Interactive shares. During the year, we took advantage of periodic market weakness to increase our stake in HSn from 30% to 34%. Those shares were purchased at an average price of $30.55 compared to HSn’s price on May 24th of $38.89, and we are pleased with the return to date. At QVC, we continued to pay down the company’s revolving credit facility, which resulted in a decreased interest rate and expense.
Where We Could Have Done Better
We would have liked to complete the split-off sooner than the fifteen months that it required. We think this created some uncertainty in the market and impacted our share price last year. While the split-off was a major step in creating focus and clarity for Liberty Interactive, we felt further steps needed to be taken. This is why we announced the creation of the new Liberty Ventures tracking stock.
For many years, we identified Liberty Interactive’s only “strategic” equity stake to be HSn, with the goal of tax-efficiently monetizing non-strategic stakes. We recently made some progress on this front in both our Expedia and TripAdvisor holdings. In March 2012, we entered into a forward sale on twelve million of our higher tax basis Expedia shares. This has the potential to monetize approximately a third of our Expedia stake with minimal tax expense. We also sold eight million of our higher tax basis TripAdvisor shares. Certainly we would like to efficiently monetize more of these investments, and we hope to make additional progress on this in 2012.
  2 Liberty Interactive Corporation

   Stock Performance
Liberty Interactive posted gains of 3% in 2011. While we significantly outperformed market indices and various peer groups in 2011: the S&P Retail Index decreased 4% (down 2% with dividends); and the S&P 500 was about flat (up 2% with dividends), we were not satisfied with the result. The 2012 trend remains positive as well. As of May 24th, 2012, Liberty Interactive was up 6% for 2012. However we believe this equity performance is not commensurate with the strength of our businesses, and is one of the reasons why we announced the recapitalization of Liberty Interactive into two tracking stocks. We will continue to monitor the equity performance and will be opportunistic about repurchases.
QVC
QVC celebrated its 25th anniversary in 2011 and continues to be one of the largest multimedia retailers in the world providing an interactive, entertaining, and high-quality shopping experience for its millions of loyal customers. Mike George and his team again achieved impressive results despite challenging macroeconomic environments in all of the company’s markets. QVC’s focus on relationships with its customers, be it through hosts, celebrities, inventors, designers, exclusive events or online communities, continues to drive QVC as a global brand.
QVC relentlessly pursues new technology and platforms that create the most relevant and immersive experiences for its customers. In 2011, eCommerce represented over $2.6 billion of worldwide sales, and 4% of total orders came from mobile applications. All markets hit record web penetration levels and QVC’s mobile penetration is growing quickly in 2012, fueled by apps for the iPad, iPhone, Android and Blackberry smartphones. In 2011, QVC introduced a Beauty iPhone app, Gift List iPhone app, and a Google TV flagship app, as well as continued technology upgrades to its website, with further enhanced capabilities. QVC provides a great experience across a broad array of mediums including: televisions, computers, smartphones and tablets. We expect the positive trends to continue.
The infusion of big, buzz worthy events into QVC’s programming calendar, from Fashion’s Night Out in new York to The Food & Wine Classic in Aspen, is elevating QVC’s credibility as a force in fashion and pop culture. And by weaving interactive social elements into weekly shows like In The Kitchen with David and The Lisa Robertson Show, QVC is building ‘destination programming’ that is competing head to head with major networks like Food network and E! for a growing share of the broader TV audience.
2011 was an exciting year for QVC’s international businesses. In Japan, QVC celebrated its 10th anniversary. The Japan business rebounded amazingly after the tsunami-related tragedies last March and, in the fourth quarter of 2011 hit an-all-time revenue high. QVC Germany reached $1 billion in revenue in 2011 becoming the third QVC market to do so. Recently, QVC Germany launched a third QVC channel which has a beauty focus and in Germany viewers can now tune into more QVC channels than in any other market. QVC uk has been expanding its brand and product portfolio and diversifying its platforms. In the uk, QVC customers have the option of viewing two broadcast channels and we have given them many buzz-worthy events.
  Annual Report 2011 3

   QVC Italy turned in impressive results in its first full year of operations. Its customer metrics, such as repeat purchase rate and customer satisfaction are extremely encouraging and QVC Italy boasts the lowest return rate of any of our markets. We continue to anticipate that this market will become profitable in its third full year of operations.
QVC recently announced its anticipated entrance into the Chinese market. It plans to partner with one of the leading multimedia retailers in China. We anticipate government approval of this joint venture in the second quarter. QVC also continues to explore additional international markets, and current countries at the top of the list include France, Brazil, Spain and Canada.
eCommerce Companies
under the leadership of our strong group of founders and operating teams, the Liberty eCommerce companies continued to outpace the eCommerce industry posting 20% revenue growth. As a group, they generated $1.3 billion in revenue. Combined with the eCommerce revenue generated by QVC, we again ranked as a top ten e-retailer in the uS. Additionally, adjusted OIBDA margins were over 9%, which is impressive compared to other pure play eCommerce companies. We continued with our strategy of creating strong organic growth and of acquiring eCommerce companies that can be folded into existing operations. Backcountry.com acquired Competitive Cyclist, the leader in high-end cycling bikes and gear. The integration was seamless and Competitive Cyclist has done well as part of the Backcountry.com family. Provide Commerce continues to exploit the strengths of its Personal Creations business through product offerings at Red Envelope and ProFlowers that are very popular with their customers. At Celebrate Interactive, Evite.com has launched postmark, its premium paid invitation service. We expect this offering to be well-received given the strength and pervasiveness of the Evite brand and product.
Paying It Forward
We wanted to inform you of an initiative at Liberty Interactive that we have undertaken in an effort to give back to the community and fulfill our role as responsible corporate citizens. In September of 2011, we launched and sponsored the Women’s eCommerce network. The mission of this network is to unite female leaders in eCommerce and provide an opportunity for promising female entrepreneurs to enhance and improve their businesses. We aim to achieve this mission by assembling a Council of ten women who have tremendous experience and success in the eCommerce space in order to mentor a Class of five early stage eCommerce companies founded by women. Over a six-month period the Council provides mentorship and input on a project defined by the Class members. We just concluded our first mentorship period and the feedback from all participants was overwhelmingly positive. We were honored that the Council members gave their time and that the Class members let us learn more about their businesses.
  4 Liberty Interactive Corporation

   Annual Investor Meeting
We look forward to seeing you at this year’s annual investor meeting, which will take place on October 10th in new York City. This year we will be at a new location, in the TimesCenter at 242 West 41st Street. For those of you that have been regular attendees we wanted to make sure you knew about the new location as we have held this event at the old location for over a decade. This new location will allow for a larger Liberty experience, so get ready to shop.
Looking Ahead
2011 was a transformational year for Liberty Interactive, which will continue with the creation of the new Liberty Ventures tracking stock later this year. At our digital commerce companies (QVC and eCommerce companies) we will continue to focus on operations – driving revenue growth, running efficient and profitable operations, and seeking expansion both organically and through acquisition. For Liberty Ventures we will seek investment opportunities with attractive return potentials. Both of these tracking stocks will be well-capitalized with access to additional capital. We continue to believe that using cash for stock repurchases is an efficient way to return capital to our stockholders, and we will be opportunistic in making those repurchases. We are excited for the multitude of opportunities at Liberty Interactive. We appreciate your ongoing support.
Very truly yours,
Gregory B. Maffei John C. Malone
President and Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
    Annual Report 2011 5
