LETTER TO OuR STOCkHOLDERS
 Dear Fellow Stockholders:
It was another transformational year for Liberty Interactive Corporation. In August, we completed our recapitalization into two tracking stocks: Liberty Interactive and Liberty Ventures. Our digital commerce businesses (QVC and eCommerce) along with our 36% stake in HSn are attributed to the Liberty Interactive Group. Our newest subsidiary, TripAdvisor, our stakes in Expedia, Tree, Interval Leisure Group and all of our exchangeable bonds are attributed to the Liberty Ventures Group. As you know, the tracking stock structure is one with which we are familiar and allows us to better align assets and liabilities with investor interest while maintaining maximum flexibility. The recapitalization has been well received by the market and our investors, and we are pleased with the performance of our stocks since the recapitalization.
Where We Excel
We believe we are:
• Stockholder centric – We think like owners and are focused on long-term gains rather than short-term results. The compensation structure of our management team is closely tied to the long-term performance of our stock. In fact, the executive leadership team has a significant portion of its respective net worth tied to Liberty Interactive;
• Forward-looking – We take advantage of the benefits and minimize the risks associated with the digital transition in the industries in which we invest;
• Empowering our managers by focusing on our strengths – We invest in strong teams, provide them with strategic input, capital and capital allocation recommendations and then empower them to run the businesses;
• nimble – We structure our team to allow us to move quickly when opportunities arise, and we can be creative in our deal structures; and
• Financially sophisticated – We have experience in mergers, divestitures, investing, capital deployment, credit analysis and setting capital structures.
 Annual Report 2012 1
 
 The Economic Climate
unfortunately, not much has changed regarding the macroeconomic situation since last year. u.S. unemployment has moderately declined and recent retail indicators are stronger, but the pace of recovery is still quite slow. There is some additional clarity post-election on the tax situation, however, the government remains gridlocked. The prospects for the improvement of government functionality remain unlikely in the short term. We will have to wait and see how negative pressures from the expiration of the payroll tax holiday and the sequestration affect the economy. The Euro Zone continues to struggle as the uk faces a triple dip recession, political leadership in Italy is uncertain, and the German government is reducing spending in an effort to balance its budget. In Asia, Japan is still struggling to emerge from decades of deflation, the yen is moving against us, and China is seeing growth slow. However, in markets where our businesses are in an early stage (Italy and China), the macro economy is less of a factor. As always, our business managers will continue to focus on factors under their control and seek out opportunities.
What We Did Well
We are very pleased with the value created by recapitalizing into the tracking stock structure. Combined stockholder returns of the two tracking stocks are up 33% from their issuance through March 28, 2013, with Liberty Interactive up 22% and Liberty Ventures up 68%, respectively, over the same period. One of the main drivers of Liberty Ventures’ stock price is the performance of the underlying public assets attributed to Liberty Ventures. In December, we obtained voting control of TripAdvisor through our purchase of additional shares from an individual stockholder. We look forward to working with TripAdvisor’s management and board members to add value where we can.
From February 1, 2012 through January 31, 2013 we repurchased $815 million in Liberty Interactive shares, a significant acceleration since restarting our share repurchases in Q3 2011. Our new tracking stock structure allows for more efficient buybacks and if we were to adjust past repurchase prices for Liberty Ventures, these repurchases would be shown to be very accretive.
We believe the current debt markets present an enormous opportunity and we took advantage of that at QVC early in 2013. QVC raised $300 million in 30-year bonds at 5.95% and $750 million in 10-year bonds at 4.375%. The proceeds were used to redeem 2017 and 2019 bonds with interest rates over 7% and pay down QVC’s bank credit facility. QVC also extended and decreased the cost of its revolving credit facility. This resulted in QVC’s weighted average cost of capital decreasing from 4.7% to 4.2% and the weighted average term of its debt increasing from 5.1 to 8.2 years.
 2 Liberty Interactive Corporation
 
 In April 2013, Liberty Interactive issued $850 million in new 30-year exchangeable debentures with an interest rate of 0.75%. These debentures are exchangeable into a basket of Time Warner and Time Warner Cable shares. We used the proceeds of these debentures and cash proceeds from the sales of Time Warner and AOL stock to pay off debentures due in 2023 that carried an interest rate of 3.125%. Again we were able to extend the term of our debt and reduce materially the cost of the debt, and we did this in a cash and tax neutral manner.
What We Could Have Done Better
Early in 2012, TripAdvisor and Expedia stock prices were strong and we decided to sell some high basis shares in each. We accomplished this by a straight sale of our shares in TripAdvisor in May and a forward sale of our shares in Expedia that closed in October. In hindsight, we sold these shares at relatively low prices.
2012 presented unique challenges for each of our eCommerce companies. Provide Commerce hired a new CEO and as part of the transition we incurred some recruiting and retention costs. Bodybuilding.com had a legal settlement that was expensed in 2012. Backcountry.com has been hindered by multiple warm winter seasons, resulting in the industry holding too much inventory which ultimately negatively affected gross margins. And finally at Celebrate Interactive, we’ve seen a more aggressive environment with pop-up retail stores taking advantage of the relative glut of available retail space as well as stronger online competitors. All the management teams are focused and driving hard to improve their businesses. We hope we are on the right path for 2013, but there is work to be done.
Reflecting on the LInTA stock price and value in 2012, we would have liked to utilize more capital in LInTA share repurchases. Additionally, due to the recapitalization into tracking stocks we were out of the market for a significant period of time.
 Annual Report 2012 3
 
 Stock Performance
Liberty Interactive posted gains of 16% from the beginning of 2012 through the creation of the Liberty Ventures tracking stock on August 10, 2012, and it returned an additional 12% for the rest of 2012. As mentioned earlier, Liberty Ventures was extremely well received by the market and its share price increased 51% from August 10, 2012 until December 31, 2012. Stockholders at the beginning of 2012 that remained invested in both Liberty Interactive Group and their pro rata shares of Liberty Ventures Group issued (i.e., 1 share of Liberty Ventures for every 20 shares of Liberty Interactive owned, excluding the rights offering) earned a return of 42% for the full year 2012. The stocks significantly outperformed market indices and various peer groups in 2012: the S&P Retail Index increased 5% (up 7% with dividends); the S&P 500 was up 13% (up 16% with dividends).
The 2013 trend remains positive as well. As of March 28, 2013, Liberty Interactive was up 9% for 2013, and Liberty Ventures was up 12%.
LiBErTy inTEraCTivE GrouP QvC
QVC continues to be a leader in digital commerce, offering its customers and viewers a compelling, immersive, multi-screen shopping experience. QVC experienced explosive growth in mobile orders in 2012 with mobile comprising 22% of all eCommerce orders, up from 13% in 2011, a growth rate in orders of 99%. According to Internet Retailer, QVC was the second largest mobile commerce multi-category retailer in 2012, behind only Amazon. Additionally, QVC tied for second place (with Apple), in ForeSee’s customer service holiday edition, which ranked companies by consumer satisfaction for their mobile experience. QVChasintegratedthemobileexperience: ausercanwatchalivefeed,“speedbuy”anitem,posta comment, or interact with a host. For QVC’s best customers, this is a fast and convenient way to shop the show, whether they’re watching live or not. Additionally, QVC’s best customers are the ones that use all of its platforms, and we see mobile continuing that trend. Mobile is also a great source of new QVC customers as a high percentage of its mobile purchases are from new customers. Given the continued growth in smart phones and tablets, QVC expects mobile orders to continue their significant growth.
 4 Liberty Interactive Corporation
 
 The QVC shopping experience is fundamentally social in nature. QVC has a strong community of hosts, designers, guests, and customers who enjoy interacting on its community forum on QVC.com, on social platforms such as Facebook and Pinterest, and on mobile applications. During “In the kitchen with David”, one of QVC’s most popular programs, the show’s producer, Mary, actively engages with Facebook users and reads posts live on the show. The acquisition in 2012 of substantially all of the assets of Oodle, Inc. provides a sophisticated technology platform that will help QVC capitalize on the growing consumer trend of discovering new products via social media. This will allow it to better leverage its brand essence of real relationships on its digital platforms. Moreover, this opportunity will enable QVC to grow its customer base and strengthen its brand as an innovative retailer.
On the international front, QVC entered the China market through a joint venture with China national Radio (CnR) in July, a market which has enormous potential for the QVC model. In June 2010, CnR launched a TV shopping channel and web site, CnR Mall, which is based in Beijing. At the end of 2012, CnR Mall reached 48 million homes, an increase of 16 million over the beginning of the year. QVC has already positively impacted this new venture as it implements the best practices from the QVC model, including what it sells and how it sells it, with a focus on customer service and retention. With these sorts of changes CnR Mall has already seen gross margins increase. QVC couldn’t be more pleased with its relationship with CnR Mall and the prospects for the Chinese market.
QVC will continue to assess international expansion opportunities and is currently evaluating Brazil, France and Spain. You may ask yourself if this is the right course given the weak macroeconomic conditions, especially in the Euro Zone. However, we would point to the success in Italy, which QVC entered in 2010, a less than ideal time for world economies. That market has exhibited strong growth and customer characteristics. While expected breakeven for QVC Italy will be three to six months behind schedule, it will still be the second fastest market to reach that milestone in QVC history. We have strong convictions that the QVC model is repeatable and scalable in international markets, and we will continue to seek out these opportunities.
 Annual Report 2012 5
 
 eCommerce Companies
We won’t sugar coat this one, it was a tough year for our group of eCommerce companies. Revenue growth slowed and adjusted OIBDA was down for the year. This was due to numerous factors: increased spending in paid search as a percentage of revenue, a warm winter season that increased promotional activity to move seasonal inventory that in turn resulted in lower gross margins, legal settlements, employee retention costs and lower advertising revenue due to pricing and a shift to mobile applications. We are taking action to get these businesses back on track. We have new CEOs at Provide Commerce and Celebrate Interactive and are adding to the senior management teams at other companies. Our CEOs are focused on customer acquisition, customer care, value proposition and the integration of their different sites and brands. We are cautiously optimistic that this increased focus will have positive impacts in 2013.
Capital allocation
We still believe that the market undervalues the strength of the QVC business model. QVC’s consolidated adjusted OIBDA margins continue to exceed 20%, and this has been the case since 2003. Regardless of the peer group - be it retail or eCommerce companies - the efficiency and strength of QVC’s operating model is clear, and a significant portion of its adjusted OIBDA converts into free cash flow. So what do we do with this cash? As you can imagine, we get this question a lot. We believe that the primary focus will be on share repurchases at the Liberty Interactive Group. However, it is important to be disciplined about our repurchases. Given the volatility in LInTA’s share price we like to be opportunistic and are thinking about capital return for the long term, not the next quarter.
LiBErTy vEnTurES GrouP
Accompanying the launch of Liberty Ventures Group, we completed a successful rights offering which raised $328 million. We believe that it was important to adequately capitalize the Ventures Group in the event of unforeseen capital needs or the potential acceleration of liabilities. And, in fact, in Q1 of 2013 we decided to call the 3.25% exchangeable bonds due 2031. The value of the basket of the underlying equities had increased, and since we do not own the equities, we thought it was prudent to call the bonds and paid $424 million to do so.
 6 Liberty Interactive Corporation
 
 As previously mentioned, in December, we completed a $300 million transaction that provided us with majority voting control of TripAdvisor. As a result, Liberty Ventures now controls a strong operating asset, and we are excited about the growth prospects and unique business model of TripAdvisor. We have two board seats, including the Chairmanship, and look forward to becoming more involved in this business. With our other equity stakes, we continue to seek efficient ways to build, monetize or rationalize them.
We continue to seek investment opportunities for the cash at Liberty Ventures.
annual investor Meeting
This year’s annual investor meeting will take place on October 10th, in new York City. The new location worked so well last year that we will hold it there again: the TimesCenter at 242 West 41st Street. We will continue to offer the Liberty experience, so please join us.
Looking ahead
We were pleased to quickly complete our recapitalization into tracking stocks. The overwhelming response to this in the market has been positive. At the Liberty Interactive Group we will continue to focus on the operations of our digital commerce companies. QVC will continue to expand in its new markets and drive new customer and revenue growth in its more mature markets. At the eCommerce companies the emphasis will be on profitably driving revenue. At the Liberty Ventures Group we will focus on our newest subsidiary TripAdvisor and look for new opportunities to invest our capital. We will also seek to build, monetize or rationalize our other interests. We think there is significant potential across the board at Liberty Interactive Corporation, and we are excited to drive these opportunities in 2013 and beyond.
We appreciate your ongoing support. Very truly yours,
Gregory B. Maffei John C. Malone
President and Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
   Annual Report 2012 7
 