March 2011 Fellow Shareholders: It is a pleasure to be able to report Reynolds American's strong 2010 performance in this, our first annual report to shareholders since each of us assumed our new roles with the company. But first, we wish to pay tribute to Susan M. Ivey, who resigned as chairman of the board on October 31 of last year and retired as president and chief executive officer on February 28 of this year. Since RAI was formed in 2004, the company has reported remarkable progress under her leadership, with a shareholder return of about 160 percent. We wish Susan well in her retirement. In 2010, our operating companies delivered excellent performance, with higher earnings driven by volume and share growth on key brands, as well as additional productivity gains. They ended the year with strong momentum across a broad front, positioning RAI well for 2011. A 16 percent increase in RAI's 2010 net income, to $1.1 billion, contributed to reported EPS of $1.90, up 15 percent from the previous year. On an adjusted basis, which excludes special items and non-cash trademark and goodwill impairments, earnings of $2.49 per share were 7 percent higher than 2009. A reconciliation of reported to adjusted results is in our full-year earnings release, which can be found on our website, www.reynoldsamerican.com. Both of RAI's reportable business segments, R.J. Reynolds and American Snuff, continued to successfully transform their businesses in a changing tobacco environment. They further strengthened their growth platforms despite ongoing weakness in consumer spending and continued competitive activity, in large part due to powerful key brands and effective execution of business strategies. The companies also kept a keen focus on innovations that will sustain growth over the long term by meeting the changing preferences of adults who enjoy tobacco. As a result of this strong performance, Reynolds American delivered outstanding value to shareholders in 2010. The company increased its dividend by 8.9 percent, implemented a two-for-one stock split, and raised its dividend payout target to 80 percent of annual net income. To bring the dividend in line with the increased payout target, the company announced in February of this year a further 8.2 percent increase in the dividend. For 2010, RAI's total shareholder return was more than 31 percent, double that of the S&P 500. We are also pleased to report to shareholders that RAI's sustainability efforts were recognized for the third consecutive year, with membership awarded in the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index. Our corporate social responsibility efforts were also highlighted by the 2010 addition of a dynamic Responsibility section to our website. At R.J. Reynolds, great strides were made in further reducing complexity and improving efficiencies during the year. The company's consolidation of cigarette production at its Tobaccoville manufacturing center is progressing well, while the recent expansion of the company's field trade-marketing organization to serve American Snuff is already reaping benefits. R.J. Reynolds' cigarette brand-portfolio strategy is proving extremely effective, with gains on growth brands continuing to offset declines in the company's other cigarette brands. The company's two growth brands --

Camel and Pall Mall -- increased their combined share of the U.S. cigarette market by 2.9 percentage points from the previous year, to 16.2 percent. These two brands accounted for about 55 percent of R.J. Reynolds' total volume. Camel's cigarette market share increased 0.2 percentage points to 7.7 percent in 2010, and it is worth noting that the brand ended the year at 8 percent -- its highest market share in more than 40 years. Growing consumer interest in Camel's core menthol styles is driving Camel's improving overall share and relevance. These styles use capsule technology to offer adult smokers fresh menthol flavor on demand, representing a unique product point of difference over competitive menthol brands. Including Camel Crush, which uses the same technology to offer the option of regular or menthol with each cigarette, menthol now represents 25 percent of Camel's total market share. Camel also continued to perform well as a total-tobacco brand, with further equity building and refinements to its modern smoke-free tobacco products. Performance of Camel Snus is being enhanced by two larger-pouch styles, Robust and Winterchill, that were added in the third quarter. And Camel Orbs, Stick and Strips are currently being introduced in two new lead markets after receiving product and packaging upgrades. Pall Mall had a very strong year, gaining 2.7 percentage points to 7.4 percent in market share. The brand ended 2010 at 8.3 percent, its highest share of market since 1975, as value-conscious smokers continue to discover a meaningful product point of difference from other value brands in Pall Mall's high-quality, longer-lasting cigarette at an affordable price. At American Snuff, 2010 saw gains in volume, share and profits, with equity enhancements to the Grizzly brand driving that growth despite high levels of competitive activity and value-priced line extensions. After a challenging start to the year, Grizzly's styles benefited from a packaging upgrade to embossed metal lids, as well as the recent field trade-marketing change. Grizzly's 2010 share of shipments of 25.3 percent was in line with 2009, but it ended the year with record-high consumer off-take share of 27.2 percent. American Snuff's premium moist-snuff brand, Kodiak, held relatively steady in 2010, a solid performance given that the brand had disproportionately lower levels of promotion than competitive brands. Great results were also reported by our Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company subsidiary. The company delivered double-digit increases in both volume and earnings in 2010, with its super-premium Natural American Spirit brand delivering growth on every style and in every state. So it's clear from the year's excellent performance that RAI's operating companies continue to successfully compete in the new regulatory environment, while remaining in compliance with the emerging U.S. Food and Drug Administration requirements. As we've demonstrated over the years, we'll continue to deliver on our commitments to all our stakeholders. Based on the strength of our operating companies' strategies and current positive key-brands momentum, we expect Reynolds American to report mid- to high-single digit EPS growth for 2011. Sincerely,

Thomas C. Wajnert Chairman of the Board

Daniel M. Delen President and CEO

