March 2013

To Our Fellow Shareholders:

Thank you for your investment in Reynolds American. We take seriously your expectations: that RAI and its subsidiary companies will strive to provide strong financial returns, and will continue to operate their businesses in a responsible, sustainable manner. By now most of you have probably read RAI's year-end earnings release, which is available in the investors section of www.reynoldsamerican.com. It's clear from our 2012 report that RAI's operating companies turned in a solid performance, given another year of significant economic challenges as well as record levels of competitive promotional spending within the tobacco sector. We acted decisively to address the tough environment by reviewing key activities at RAI, RAI Services Company and most departments within R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company and realigning our resources. This business review has put us on a much better footing, giving our companies additional flexibility in strengthening their platforms for long-term sustainable growth. Rather than recapping the financial performance of our reportable segments here, we'd like to highlight several of the year's achievements that we believe may be of particular interest to you. Foremost on that list are the achievements and efforts undertaken by our companies' outstanding and dedicated employees. RAI's operating companies are committed to transforming the tobacco industry ­ an aspirational goal that guides all our employees' actions. In 2012, our companies and their employees marked new milestones in innovation, stayed true to their mission to redefine enjoyment for adult tobacco consumers and intensified their efforts to help resolve the controversial issues related to tobacco use. Our employees' day-to-day execution against our companies' strategic agenda is critical to our companies' ability to return value to our shareholders. On that point, our track record on delivering total shareholder return remains quite strong. Over the last three years, RAI's total shareholder return was about 86 percent, as compared to 36 percent for the S&P 500 overall. In 2012, the company increased its dividend by 5.4 percent, made significant progress on its $2.5 billion share repurchase program, and completed a public offering of senior debt securities at very favorable interest rates. This debt offering enabled RAI to prepay more than half a billion dollars in higher-interest debt, and the lower interest rates will result in significant savings over time. Our focus on delivering value to you did not come at the expense of investing in our companies' future ­ in fact, quite the contrary. Investing in innovation is key to our ability to transform the tobacco industry, and several notable milestones were met last year. Camel SNUS, for example, ended 2012 with about 80 percent share of the U.S. snus market. A new operating company, R.J. Reynolds Vapor Company, was created in 2012 to bring a new and quite

different electronic cigarette to market: Vuse. We plan further expansion of Vuse's availability in 2013, and expect to be a major player in this fast-growing category in the years ahead. Innovation within the traditional cigarette category remains a priority as well. Camel's menthol cigarette styles, which feature capsule technology that offers smokers the choice of fresh menthol flavor on demand, were the nation's fastest-growing premium menthol brands. Innovation is not limited to new product development alone, but is driven throughout our companies' businesses. By applying a simple, bold and focused approach across our businesses, we are able to continue to grow our traditional lines of business as well. For example, only two premium-priced U.S. cigarette brands grew their share of market in 2012, and both are made by an RAI operating company: R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company's Camel and Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company's Natural American Spirit. In the value category of the U.S. cigarette market, Pall Mall remains the country's largest value brand with a market share three times the size of its nearest competitor. American Snuff Company's powerhouse Grizzly brand is the No. 1 moist snuff brand in the country, with a volume growth rate in 2012 twice that of the category as a whole. Our innovation efforts were further extended last year to include the first U.S. lead market for Zonnic, a nicotine-replacement gum introduced by Niconovum USA, RAI's pharmaceutical subsidiary. Built around positive and inspirational messaging, Zonnic is being brought to market in a way that distinguishes it from nicotine-replacement products sold by other pharmaceutical companies. As to sustainability, our companies continued to reduce their environmental impact on a host of important measures in 2012, with new initiatives that speak not just to operating in a responsible manner, but that also make business sense. In recognition of these efforts, RAI was selected for the fifth year in a row for inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index in 2012. Our tobacco operating companies also continued to meet their compliance obligations in the new U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulatory environment, and are engaging directly with the agency on a variety of issues important to our businesses. This is another critical component to achieving our vision of transforming tobacco. We see exciting opportunities ahead to grow our companies' businesses and are well positioned to successfully manage whatever challenges come our way. Thank you for investing in RAI and supporting our efforts to achieve these goals.

Sincerely,

Thomas C. Wajnert Chairman of the Board

Daniel M. Delen President and CEO

