March 2014 To our fellow shareholders: It's hard to believe that Reynolds American is now almost 10 years old, and we couldn't be happier with what has been accomplished since the company was formed -- both in terms of actual performance and in building platforms for long-term, sustainable growth. For 2013, we're very pleased to report that RAI and our operating companies delivered on their promises, and these achievements allowed us to return great value to our shareholders. RAI delivered record profits for the year, and we increased our quarterly cash dividend by 6.8 percent in May. This helped generate a total shareholder return of 27 percent in 2013. We also made considerable progress on the company's debt structure and share repurchase program. Details on RAI's financial results are contained in the company's year-end earnings release, which can be found at www.reynoldsamerican.com. At an operational level, our reportable business segments turned in excellent financial performance; it's clear that our companies' strategic and tactical approaches are working, and profitability is strong across the board. A significant contributing factor was the partial settlement reached by R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company with some states on the Master Settlement Agreement NPM Adjustment disputes, which will also benefit the company and its shareholders going forward. In addition, our companies' focus on building brand equity really paid off in 2013, and they have established growth momentum on all their distinctive key brands. As a result, these brands finished up the year in fine form, supported by outstanding consumer and trade marketing efforts in a highly competitive environment. Camel achieved a cigarette market share of 9 percent in the fourth quarter, the highest since 1967 and up by nearly 50 percent since RAI was formed in 2004. Also within the traditional cigarette category, Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company drove its super-premium brand, Natural American Spirit -- now one of the top ten best-selling cigarette brands in the country -- to a record share of 1.4 percent. In the cigarette value segment, Pall Mall powered ahead to a 9.1 percent share of market in the fourth quarter, five times bigger than it was in 2004 and making it the number one value brand by a wide margin. American Snuff Company's Grizzly moist-snuff brand also made considerable progress in the smoke-free category, maintaining its lead in the industry and capturing a share of more than 30 percent in 2013. Market shares for Grizzly's popular wintergreen styles are more than twice as large as those of its nearest competitor in the segment. Camel SNUS continued to dominate the growing U.S. snus market despite the entry of new competitors, with a share of almost 80 percent. Niconovum USA, RAI's nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) subsidiary, is successfully building a market for its Zonnic gum in Iowa, while Niconovum AB is doing very well with the Zonnic brand in Sweden. In all industries, the true success of a company lies in its ability not just to navigate, but to flourish in, a dynamic environment. That is certainly true for us, and we measure our progress by more than just the bottom line.

We're especially proud of the way our companies' employees continue to lead the industry in innovation, while accelerating their efforts to transform the tobacco industry. In this ambitious endeavor, the 2013 expansion of R.J. Reynolds Vapor Company's VUSE Digital Vapor Cigarette is a worthy standard-bearer. VUSE, the only e-cigarette designed and assembled in the U.S., became the market leader in Colorado within only a few months of its expansion there, and the brand's recent roll-out into neighboring Utah is going extremely well. We knew from the start that VUSE was a game-changing product with superior features, but it's wonderful to have that confirmed by the enthusiastic reception from adult smokers who are interested in switching to smoke-free alternatives, as well as our wholesale and retailer customers. As a result, we have high expectations for VUSE's national expansion later this year. Sustainability remains a key focus in how our companies do business, and new initiatives were rolled out in 2013. VUSE, for instance, offers a comprehensive battery and cartridge recycling program, while Santa Fe has a pioneering, earth-friendly program called "Field to Table" ­ using the concept of community-supported agriculture to help farmers while feeding the hungry. These new programs represent just a small part of our companies' overall sustainability efforts, and we encourage you to find out more by visiting the Environmental Sustainability section on Reynolds American's website. In addition, the RAI group of companies, private charitable institutions and employees continued to help transform their communities in 2013, donating almost $12 million to non-profit groups. As you're well aware, our tobacco operating companies operate in a complex and evolving regulatory environment. We want to assure you that our companies are continuing to meet their compliance obligations, while maintaining their ability to compete effectively in the marketplace. This year we will celebrate the 10th anniversary of RAI's formation. Great things have been accomplished by RAI and our companies since then, but even more important, we are confident that great things lie ahead. Our companies are not just leading the transformation of the industry; they have established strong growth momentum and are well on their way to achieving the ultimate goal of market leadership. Thank you for your support of, and investment in, RAI. Sincerely,

Thomas C. Wajnert Chairman of the Board

Daniel M. Delen President and CEO

