Susan M. Ivey
Chairman, President and CEO 336-741-2000 reynoldsamerican.com

March 24, 2008  My Fellow Shareholders: It's always a pleasure to report strong company performance to our shareholders ­ and Reynolds American's results for 2007 enable me to do just that. Net sales increased by 6.0 percent, surpassing $9 billion. Double-digit operating income growth and an 8.1 percent increase in net income allowed the company to report earnings per share of $4.43, an increase of 8.0 percent over last year. Credit for these solid results belongs to the 7,400 employees of Reynolds American and its four operating companies. Each of those operating companies is building marketplace strength through innovative products and programs, and their strategies are driving results. Reynolds American's shareholders have benefitted from this strength. Our board increased the dividend in 2007 by 13 percent. We have maintained our commitment to our policy of returning approximately 75 percent of net income to our shareholders, and have increased the dividend by nearly 80 percent since the stock began trading in 2004. Reynolds American's dividend yield continues to exceed 5 percent, keeping it the highest in our industry and among the highest in the Standard and Poor's 500. Each Reynolds American operating company plays a strategic role in ensuring RAI's business model continues to deliver results. The largest of the four, R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, enhanced both its financial and marketplace strength in 2007. R.J. Reynolds' three growth brands ­ Camel, Kool and Pall Mall ­ increased their share of the U.S. cigarette market by 0.6 share points, ending the year with a combined 2007 share of 13 percent. Camel's performance was particularly strong, building on that brand's tradition of bringing innovative products to the market. Among those innovations is Camel Snus, a smoke-free, spitless tobacco product currently in test markets around the country. Camel Snus offers adult tobacco users a discreet, convenient way to enjoy tobacco pleasure. We are excited about the growth prospects this new tobacco category offers to R.J. Reynolds. Conwood Company marked its first full year as a member of the RAI family of companies, and we could not be more pleased with the acquisition. Conwood continues to post

Reynolds American Inc.

P.O. Box 2990

Winston-Salem, NC 27102

higher volumes, earnings and margins, and its powerful Grizzly moist snuff brand is an engine for future growth. Two new Grizzly products were tested in 2007, and their performance was so strong that Conwood plans national introductions of both in 2008. Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company also posted a strong year. Its highly profitable Natural American Spirit brand achieved a major milestone by reaching a 0.5 share of market nationally. Natural American Spirit has its strongest appeal in major metropolitan markets, and in some of those areas the brand has a 3 to 4 percent share of market. Santa Fe invested in its business in 2007, including more than tripling the size of its sales force to gain broader distribution of and greater visibility for Natural American Spirit. R.J. Reynolds Global Products, too, is working to broaden the availability of Natural American Spirit ­ outside the United States. Global Products expanded the brand's presence in key markets in Europe and in Japan in 2007. At Reynolds American, 2007 was a busy and productive year as well. We have identified five growth strategies that will enable Reynolds American and its operating companies to continue to provide excellent returns to RAI shareholders: · · · · · R.J. Reynolds' base business growth, Smokeless tobacco growth and innovation, Super-premium brand growth, Opportunistic international expansion, and Selective portfolio enhancement.

In addition, Reynolds American launched a Corporate Social Responsibility initiative in 2007 that encompasses the parent company and each of the operating companies. We will be publishing a report on our progress against this important responsibility initiative in the next few months. In summary, 2007 was another strong year for Reynolds American, its operating companies and its shareholders. We are making significant and sustainable progress in meeting goals and objectives, and intend to continue growing RAI earnings in the range of mid-single digits for the next several years. Thank you for your investment in Reynolds American. Sincerely,

Susan M. Ivey

