DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
Although 2011 was clearly a difficult year given the slow pace of economic recovery in the United States and the volatility in the markets, on a continuing operations basis we continued to make steady – albeit incremental – progress on a number of key fronts. Even though we experienced a net loss available to common shareholders of $429 million, our core franchise has strengthened and we achieved sustainable profitability from our continuing operations, excluding goodwill impairment, with net income1 of $211 million or $0.17 per share in 2011. While there is still work ahead, these results demonstrate that we are successfully executing our business plan, and I believe that we are well positioned to capitalize on future opportunities.
Amid the sustained challenging economic en- vironment and market turmoil, our associates have done an excellent job staying focused on what we can control. We recognize the realities that come with regulatory reform and are mak- ing the necessary adjustments to our evolving business model. It is important to note that the Southeast, where our franchise is primarily lo- cated, is projected to outpace the national av- erage in growth over the next few years. I am confident our efforts will continue to produce re- sults, given our brand favorability in the markets we serve, our relentless focus on our custom- ers and our commitment to delivering value and outstanding service quality.
ECONOMIC AND REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT
Fragile National Economy. Without a doubt, we have been operating in a very fragile U.S. economy, marked by extremely high levels of unemployment as well as a substantial decline in home prices. Gross domestic product (GDP) growth for 2011 slowed to 1.7%. While the un- employment rate in December 2011 declined to 8.5%, it has been 9% or higher in 28 of the past 31 months. There are more than 13 million Americans still unemployed and approximately another 9 million working part-time. Almost 43% of those unemployed have been out of work for more than six months. If we are to see sustained economic recovery, the labor market needs to add about 125,000 jobs per month just to keep the unemployment rate steady.
Another factor in our fragile national economy is declining home prices. This decline is in stark contrast to the yearly increases we saw in home values following World War II when home owner- ship became part of the American dream. Prior to 2006, many Americans lived that dream and placed sizeable portions of their wealth in their homes. In spite of the current decline in home prices, 65% of Americans own a home, while just 57% of French and 46% of Germans are homeowners. That statistic becomes even more meaningful when you consider that America’s recession has wiped out more than $6 trillion in housing wealth since it began in late 2006. As a result, today one of every four homeowners owes more on their mortgage than their home is worth.
 1 Non-GAAP, see Form 10-K Table 2 for GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation
Amid the sustained challenging economic environment and market turmoil, our associates have done an excellent job staying focused on what we can control.
 
 Global deleveraging is also impacting the recov- ery – driven by the intense debate about how to cut the federal deficit and the sovereign debt crisis in Europe. Both issues have created a per- vasive lack of confidence that has resulted in in- vestors taking fewer risks, causing a major stock market sell-off and widening credit spreads. Consumers are also taking fewer risks as they continue to save more and spend less. To sum up how much has changed in the U.S. econ- omy, 6.3% of our GDP came from residential construction in the fourth quarter of 2005, while only 2.2% came from this component in 2011.
Regional Economic Strengths. Despite the overall environment, the regional economic outlook for our 16-state franchise gives us rea- son to be cautiously optimistic. Our footprint includes some of the most attractive markets in the Southeast, and while these markets still face the same prolonged challenges of high unemployment and housing devaluations, we believe long-term prospects are very good. Population growth throughout our footprint – a primary driver of sustainable economic growth – is projected to be 4.2% between now and 2015, approximately 10% greater than the national projection. We believe this anticipated longer- term growth in our footprint will provide a tail- wind as we expand the number of customers we serve in our existing markets, which in turn can ultimately increase profitability for Regions.
One example of the type of opportunity we see is in Nashville, one of the largest healthcare cen- ters in America and home to Regions’ Health- care Specialty Banking Group. While the bulk of the healthcare business is in our Nashville market, there is tremendous opportunity with this growing segment throughout most of our Southeastern footprint. In the last two years alone, we have closed over $1 billion in new loan commitments and have grown outstand- ing loan balances to more than $750 million. Overall, spending on healthcare is anticipated to grow by 5.8% per year between 2010 and 2020 as baby boomers start to retire.
Another example is in Mississippi, where high- tech manufacturing and ship building industries added 4,000 new jobs last year. Throughout our Southwest region, which includes Texas, Arkan- sas, Mississippi and Louisiana, there are about 30 million acres of agricultural opportunities. Regions currently banks 5% of that acreage, and we see tremendous potential to carefully expand those relationships due to our long history and expertise in the agricultural market. Commodi- ties are produced throughout the Southwest, which gives Regions a prudent way to benefit from the global demand for commodities.
 2 REGIONS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

Increased Regulatory Oversight. Over the past few years, the financial services sector has seen a significant increase in regulatory oversight, which will continue to impact a couple of critical areas for banks: capital and liquidity require- ments, and the ability to generate revenue.
Regarding the first area, it is clear that finan- cial institutions will be required to hold more capital and maintain higher liquidity than they have in the past. Stress tests and in-depth capital planning reviews are now a standard part of the regulatory methodology. In 2010, a new set of regulatory standards called Basel III was proposed to increase the quantity and quality of bank capital. The Basel III directives will re- quire banks to hold high-quality capital equal to 7% of their risk-weighted assets plus additional buffers that will vary by size and complexity of the institution. Moreover, in January 2012, the Federal Reserve began conducting what will be an annual assessment called the Comprehen- sive Capital Analysis and Review, or CCAR. This review requires U.S. banks to demonstrate they have the capital levels to withstand losses and to meet the Basel III standards. Basel III also intro- duced new liquidity requirements for financial institutions, calling for a liquidity coverage ratio that will prohibit banks’ reliance on short-term funding sources. While these standards are not final, our estimated Basel III Tier 1 common and Tier 1 capital ratios1 are above the respective 7% and 8.5% minimums, based on our current understanding of these guidelines.
On the revenue side, the Durbin Amendment, which went into effect in late 2011, will reduce debit interchange revenue by approximately 50%, or $12 billion, for the industry annually. This revenue loss from the industry will have to be recovered in some manner as the indus- try moves forward, either through revenue
enhancements or expense cuts. We have been in a “free banking” environment for almost two decades, which is unique in a retail business, and it’s clear that changes must be made. The burden is on us to create value for which cus- tomers are willing to pay a fair price.
Regions’ value proposition includes giving cus- tomers choices in how and where they bank – whether at a branch, an ATM, over the phone or online. Value also means operating with integrity and providing the expertise and personal service that each customer deserves. We’re focused on delivering a wide range of products and services that meet customer needs and offering them at a fair price. We have changed the economics of how we offer the traditional bank checking account, and with that change we have moved to a better business model where customers can more fully understand the costs of our ser- vices and more easily determine the value they receive from a relationship with Regions.
CLEARLY DEFINED STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
Navigating through this environment and the way it changes our business requires that all of our 23,707 bank associates understand our business plan so they can execute it. To that end, we have clearly identified four strategic priorities:
• Strengthen Financial Performance • Focus on the Customer
• Enhance Risk Management
• Build the Best Team
 1 Non-GAAP, see Form 10-K Table 2 for GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation
REGIONS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 3
We’re focused on delivering a wide range of products and services that meet customer needs and offering them at a fair price.
 
    Focus on the Customer
Build the Best Team
      Strengthen Financial Performance
Enhance Risk Management
        Manage Performance
Low Cost Deposits / Deposit Costs*
  1.91%
*From continuing operations
58,425
2008
67,125
1.35%
2009
71,813
0.78%
2010
76,244
0.49%
2011
       Each of these priorities includes a plan to mea- sure performance – this is an integral part of our corporate culture and key to our future growth. We believe teams perform best when all players understand their roles and have accountabil- ity for what they accomplish both individually and collectively.
Strengthen Financial Performance
Our 2011 results reflected our priority of strength- ening financial performance. Adjusted pre-tax pre-provision income2, or PPI, totaled $1.9 bil- lion, excluding securities transactions, leveraged lease terminations, branch consolidation costs and other property charges and goodwill impair- ment. This is an increase of 11% compared to the prior year. Our associates delivered these results and many more during a year where headwinds challenged the way we operate and the banking environment continued to evolve.
Strong Low Cost Deposit Growth. Our strategy to lower deposit costs while remaining competi- tive and improve funding mix produced solid results for the year, as deposit costs declined 29 basis points relative to our peers, which on average declined only 21 basis points. Average low cost deposits grew 6% for the year, reflect- ing our ability to significantly re-price maturing
We were pleased to see our deposit strategy was validated by the FDIC’s annual market share report, which showed that even as we reduced interest rates on deposits, Regions maintained a No. 1 market share position in Alabama, Ten- nessee and Mississippi and also maintained a position of fourth or better in Florida, Arkansas and Louisiana.
Improved Credit Quality. Our provision for credit losses was 47% lower in 2011 than 2010, and we saw continued improvement in our credit quality trends. Although our non-performing assets remain high at $3 billion, they did de- cline 24% in 2011. Other credit metrics also showed improvement during the year as our business services criticized loans, which are our earliest indicators of problem loans, de- clined 35%, early and late stage delinquen- cies declined 24%, and net loan charge-offs decreased 29%. Furthermore, our allowance for loan losses remains strong at $2.7 billion, or 3.54% of total loans. While our improvement in credit quality will generally track the economic
2 Non-GAAP, see Form 8-K Exhibit 99.2 page 10 for GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation
4 REGIONS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
certificates of deposits. As a result, funding costs were further reduced by a favorable shift in our deposit mix. Given the significant amount of certificates of deposit maturing in 2012, we see additional opportunities next year.
 
 Businesses and consumers who are not confident in the economic outlook simply will not take on the
risk of additional debt if they can avoid it.
Tier 1 Common1 Ratio
 2008
2009
6.57 %
7. 1 5 %
7.85 % 8.51%
  2010
 2011
 recovery, which has been slower than we would have liked, we do expect credit costs to con- tinue their downward trend into 2012.
Loan Growth. Reflecting both consumers’ and business owners’ lack of confidence in our na- tion’s economic recovery, overall loan demand remains weak. In the last five years, consumer home equity loan applications have declined 75%, while loan approvals have remained steady. Businesses and consumers who are not confident in the economic outlook simply will not take on the risk of additional debt if they can avoid it.
In spite of this environment, Regions extended $60 billion in new credit in 2011 and $185 bil- lion since 2009. Our loan production included $51 billion of business loans, of which $15 bil- lion were new commitments. Our consumer loan production totaled $9 billion, a 16% de- cline over 2010.
We also made the strategic decision to re-enter the credit card business for consumers and small businesses as part of our effort to further diversify our revenue streams and better serve our customers. In just six months, we increased our account production by 5% and generated $1.1 billion in outstanding loans on the balance sheet and an additional $6.7 billion in available credit for our customers. In addition, consistent with our strategy of expanding our loan product offerings to meet consumer demand and mar- ket conditions, we also re-entered the indirect auto lending business, which generated $1 bil- lion in volume for the year. This was one of the primary drivers of total consumer loan volume, which increased 36% in 2011.
Capital and Liquidity Strength. Regions’ capi- tal levels – a key measure of a bank’s financial strength – are strong, and we are confident they will remain so even as tougher capital stan- dards are imposed. Clearly, the de-risking of our portfolio over the last three years has paid tremendous dividends in terms of enhancing our portfolio.
At December 31, 2011, our capital levels also exceeded Basel III requirements, with a Tier 1 ratio standing at 11.4% and a Tier 1 common1 ratio totaling 7.7%. Since the end of 2010, our Tier 1 common1 capital increased 66 basis points to end the year at 8.5%. Liquidity at both the bank and the holding company remains solid. We are primarily core funded and have a loan to deposit ratio of 81%. Cash at the par- ent holding company totaled $2.5 billion and is above our policy minimums of maintaining a sufficient level of funding to meet projected cash needs, which include all debt service, dividends and maturities for the next two years.
   1 Non-GAAP, see Form 10-K Table 2 for GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation
As part of our process to evaluate how to best manage our capital and increase shareholder value, in January of this year we announced that we entered into a stock purchase agreement to sell Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. and related affiliates to Raymond James Financial Inc., for $930 million. As part of the transaction, Morgan Keegan is expected to pay Regions a dividend of $250 million before closing, pending regulatory approval, resulting in total proceeds of approximately $1.18 billion to Regions.
REGIONS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 5

Net Interest Margin*
 2008
2009
2010
2011
*From continuing operations
3.23 % 2.68%
2.91% 3.07%
 Importantly, this transaction reduces our over- all risk profile, enhances liquidity and improves Regions’ capital ratios while reducing our ex- pense base and enhancing our focus on our core banking business. Because we retained our asset management and trust businesses, we remain well positioned to continue serving the wealth management needs of our customers. This trans- action establishes an on-going relationship with Raymond James, further enhancing our ability to serve our existing customers. We also ex- pect that we will maintain important business relationships with Morgan Keegan associates that were developed over many years of working together to serve our customers’ needs.
This transaction, along with achieving continued, sustainable profitability and demonstrating a material improvement in our credit quality, are all key steps toward the eventual repayment of the government’s investment in Regions. We believe we have made tremendous progress in these regards, but we remain prudent and want to pay back the government’s investment from a place of strength and in as shareholder-friendly manner as possible.
Margin Improvement. This prolonged environ- ment of low interest rates that we are currently operating in has continued to put strains on net interest income and the resulting net interest margin. While we have been able to generate low cost deposit growth and thus reduce deposit costs to 49 basis points, low loan demand has put stress on our loan yield. Net interest income for the year was $3.4 billion, or 0.6% higher than 2010. However, net interest margin for the full year was 3.07%, a 16 basis point improve- ment from the previous year.
We continue to forecast that interest rates will remain low through 2012 and barring any un- expected movement in interest rates, we ex- pect net interest margin to grow modestly over the balance of 2012, primarily due to high yielding CD maturities.
Growing Non-Interest Revenue in a Challeng- ing Environment. Non-interest revenue, which is primarily made up of service charges and interchange fees, was a particular focus in 2011. With the new restrictions recently im- posed, the ability to grow fee-based revenues has proven to be a critical aspect of our strat- egy. New products and services not only allow us to meet evolving customer needs, but also to diversify and grow dependable revenue streams.
Our service charges remained steady in 2011, while most of our industry saw declines. Contrib- uting to this was our restructuring of checking accounts to fee-eligible, which was a necessity to offset lower interchange income. While we have seen an increase in the volume of transac- tions due to the number of new accounts that we opened, total spending among consumers has decreased due to the sluggish economy. In ad- dition, over the last two years we have seen our second and third best years in mortgage income and production.
    6 REGIONS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

Service Charges* Growth in 2011 vs. Peers
0% Bank 1
 -1% -4%
-5% -6%
-6% -7%
-7%
-7% -10%
Regions Bank 3 Bank 4 Bank 5 Bank 6 Bank 7 Bank 8 Bank 9 Bank 10 Bank 11
         -13%
Expense* Reduction in 2011 vs. Peers
 -8% -5%
-2% -2%
Bank 1 Regions Bank 3 Bank 4 Bank 5 Bank 6 Bank 7 Bank 8 Bank 9
Bank 10 Bank 11
    3% 3%
5% 6%
8% 8%
      *From continuing operations
25%
      Expense Control. We understand that tightly controlling expenses during a slow economy is critical, and Regions remains focused on taking steps to improve productivity and efficiency. We are fundamentally changing our cost culture by continuously seeking opportunities to improve and control our expense base, while still mak- ing the appropriate investments to enhance our competitive position and remain a superior service provider. Non-interest expenses totaled $3.9 billion in 2011; however, non-interest expenses from continuing operations3, exclud- ing the goodwill impairment and regulatory
charge, were $3.6 billion, 5% lower than the prior year. Regions reduced expenses in 2011 year-over-year faster than almost all of our peers, and we’ve accomplished that by contain- ing credit costs, salaries and expenses. Even as the economy shows signs of improvement, we will continue to control expenses and find more efficient ways to operate.
Focus On The Customer
Keeping customers at the center of every busi- ness decision is what we do each day. We are focused on building deep and long-term rela- tionships and are committed to being a trusted financial advisor to our customers. Our high loyalty and satisfaction scores come from a deliberate and disciplined effort to drive a ser- vice culture in the company. As a customer- centric organization, we continuously seek feedback on the service our customers receive and, based on that feedback, make adjust- ments to enhance service quality and ensure our associates are providing the very best banking experience.
A Better Banking Experience. We find it very encouraging that in 2011 – at a time when many seemed negative toward banks as a result of the economic downturn – Regions’ customer sat- isfaction and loyalty scores were at an all-time high. We consistently achieved top rankings in customer experience and brand loyalty:
• J.D. Power ranked Regions highest in retail banking satisfaction in Florida
• Regions ranked among the top 12 banks for retail banking satisfaction in all five of J.D. Power’s geographic regions that correspond with our footprint
• J.D. Power ranked Regions at or above the industry average in every component of the study, which also highlights above-average improvement in all our delivery channels –
3 Non-GAAP, see Form 10-K Table 6 for GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation
REGIONS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 7

 The key to our success in delivering a better banking experience is how we focus on meeting
customer needs – not on selling products.
 in person, online, at ATMs and over the phone
• Greenwich Associates gave Regions its Excel- lence Award for Small Business and Middle Market Banking
• Temkin Group ranked Regions as the top bank for customer experience and one of the top companies in America for customer service across all industries
The key to our success in delivering a better banking experience is how we focus on meet- ing customer needs – not on selling products. Recognizing that every customer has unique fi- nancial needs, our bankers develop a thorough understanding of a customer’s goals and then recommend the right products and services for them that will help them succeed.
New Products and Technology Designed To De- liver Value. Regulatory reform changed the way banks generate revenue, which in turn impact- ed product design and pricing, with the most significant change being that the industry would now charge for products and services that were once free. With this paradigm shift, Regions took a deliberate and proactive approach in product development so customers would see the value in a banking relationship with Regions. Our Now Banking suite of products is a good example of an innovative solution for consumers who want greater control and take a “pay as you go” approach to financial management. With en- hanced check cashing, a reloadable Visa® pre- paid card, and money transfer and bill payment services, consumers have the increased flexibil- ity to manage their finances the way they prefer.
Further supporting our efforts to improve the customer experience, Regions invested in new
technology last year designed to improve our efficiency and effectiveness in serving our cus- tomers. The new system combined five systems into one, allowing the teller to see a customer’s entire relationship with Regions, from a mort- gage to a credit card or a business loan. This technology gives us the ability to sell products that customers need, which in turn improves our bottom line. It also enhances our risk man- agement practices by allowing a manager to de- termine the appropriate level of credit to extend and the types of products to recommend.
Serving the Unique Needs of Affluent Clients.
In 2011, Regions announced the formation of the Wealth Management line of business to serve the unique needs of our affluent client segment, which is strategically important to our future growth. Based on market research, we determined that the size of the affluent markets in our branch network represents a significant opportunity to deepen existing relationships and to obtain more market share throughout the footprint. To capture this opportunity, we have brought together Private Banking, Personal Trust, Institutional Trust and Insurance under the Wealth Management umbrella, creating a structure that enables us to take a holistic ap- proach to serving our clients. Wealth Manage- ment will build on Regions’ strengths by being a trusted advisor to our clients, providing excep- tional service quality and delivering value.
Financial Education. We believe there is a shared responsibility between customers and banks to avoid another financial crisis – and at the core is ensuring that customers under- stand basic financial management. As part of our commitment to help customers make sound decisions, Regions partners with the Financial Services Roundtable to deliver financial educa- tion to high school students. The program is a partnership with the EverFi Financial Literacy
8 REGIONS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT

 With a goal of supporting financial stabilization throughout the communities we serve, we all need to be proactive and we take our role seriously in doing our part to ensure that
history doesn’t repeat itself.
Commercial Loan Growth Since 2009 vs. Peers
 Bank 1 Regions Bank 3 Bank 4 Bank 5 Bank 6 Bank 7 Bank 8 Bank 9 Bank 10 Bank 11
35.0% 24.2%
22.7% 16.1%
15.7% 13.8%
12.8% 11.7%
5.3% 3.6%
          -2.3%
 Platform, a web-based curriculum that teaches, assesses and certifies students in hundreds of financial topics. One of the best examples of this partnership came during the 2010 – 2011 school year, as our associates helped bring to life a financial education program for 14 high school classrooms in Atlanta, Georgia. With our support, these schools adopted the EverFi Financial Education Program and more than 1,000 graduates obtained a solid foundation of personal finance and money management skills.
We understand that a lack of knowledge of ba- sic financial management played a role in the economic crisis several years ago. With a goal of supporting financial stabilization throughout the communities we serve, we all need to be proac- tive and we take our role seriously in doing our part to ensure that history doesn’t repeat itself.
Loyalty Drives Performance. Regions’ loyalty scores are in the top 10%, which is a marked im- provement to the average score we had in 2008. We’ve invested time and resources to under- stand the correlation between loyal customers and higher loan and deposit balances – and no- tably, there is a clear correlation. We learned that loyal customers have on average $1,000 more in deposit balances versus non-loyal customers. For loan balances, loyal customers have $1,900 more versus non-loyal customers. Furthermore, over an 18 month period, loyal customers in- crease their deposit balances by $2,500 versus non-loyal; and loyal customers increase their loan balances by $3,000 versus non-loyal cus- tomers. We’re not being complacent because of these results and will continue to find ways to raise the bar on service excellence.
Relationship managers in our Business Ser- vices Group are committed to delivering clients a world-class experience by focusing on three basic tenets:
• Understanding our clients’ industries, opera- tions, finances, expectations and needs
• Interacting effectively with our clients on a consistent basis
• Serving as strategic advisors who are valued by our clients
According to a survey of our business clients, this focus has resulted in clients who are com- mitted to keeping their banking relationship with Regions. On average, the business clients who report having a committed relationship with us hold an average of 30% – 50% more in deposits and loans with us.
The Business Services Group built sustain- able performance in 2011 by leveraging our core strength in the small business and middle market segments. Small business, for example, experienced interest free deposit growth of 13% in 2011.
  REGIONS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 9

Our Commercial and Industrial segment fin- ished the year with loan balances up $2 billion for 2011. Throughout the year, we continued building out our specialty lending groups – like Healthcare, Technology and Defense, and En- ergy, which produced more than $2.6 billion in loans outstanding.
Diversifying revenue streams and improving client profitability are critical to strengthening our financial performance. And by delivering all Regions has to offer to our business clients, getting paid an acceptable return for our credit risk, and exiting unprofitable relationships, we will expect to deliver improved results.
Fair and Responsible Banking. We see a com- mitment to fair and responsible banking as an important part of our dedication to providing the very best customer service. Beyond complying with fair lending laws, our obligation to serve our customers as a fair and responsible bank- ing partner is rooted in our values, our trust and integrity, and our business strategy.
Acting responsibly is not new. Regions associ- ates have always been committed to doing what is right, and it’s about much more than comply- ing with policies. We have enhanced our tradi- tional fair lending practices, such as judgmen- tal underwriting and discretionary pricing, to encompass the entire loan life cycle, including servicing and collections. We have implemented a robust fair and responsible lending program that will improve transparency in our lending policies and practices, as well as educating all associates so that fair lending is an ingrained part of how we do business every day.
We intend to be an industry leader in this area by offering quality products at a fair price, by treat- ing customers consistently at every phase of the lending process, by keeping customers informed about their banking options and by helping
economically challenged communities thrive.
Providing consistently good service to all custom- ers and strengthening our focus on fair and responsible banking practices is not only good for business, but also the right thing to do for customers and communities.
Enhance Risk Management
In 2011, we increased resources and oversight to ensure we have the right core enterprise risk management system in place. While there is cost associated in building this type of comprehen- sive infrastructure, the result of our investment will create a long-term benefit for shareholders. We consider this initiative to be the responsibility of all our associates each and every day.
As part of our effort to improve risk and qual- ity control measures, we moved all underwrit- ing functions in Business Banking, Community Banking and Private Banking to the Risk Man- agement Group. We believe this structure will create consistency and streamline processes so that we clearly understand, mitigate and document the risk associated with our credit relationships. In addition, realigning the credit functions within Risk Management will allow our geography associates to provide increased fo- cus on client acquisition, expansion and reten- tion activities.
Customer Assistance – in Good Times and Bad.
Credit quality plays a big role in risk manage- ment, and we believe there should be a shared responsibility between Regions and our cus- tomers when they face tough times and have trouble making their loan payment. That’s why we are proactive about working with customers
 10 REGIONS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
To date, we’ve helped more than 42,000 people stay in their homes, and our foreclosure rate is less than half the national average.
 
who are in distress. We want to do our part so they can keep their homes, their cars and their businesses. Shared responsibility means edu- cating customers, helping them take ownership of their dreams and helping them find a solution when times are tough.
Our Customer Assistance Program, which was started in 2007, is a great example of how we work with customers to bridge them to better times. To date, we’ve helped more than 42,000 people stay in their homes, and our foreclosure rate is less than half the national average. The guiding principles of this program are to:
• Focus on long-term solutions
• Balance bank interests and customer needs • Communicate proactively
• Educate customers and communities
• Provide a quick and simple workout process
Building the Best Team
Standing at the foundation of all we do is our talented team of associates, and we are com- mitted to ensuring that we retain our best talent while also recruiting new talent. Like our other strategic priorities, we manage performance to ensure we are maximizing our potential indi- vidually and as a team. We are committed to fostering an environment where associates can make a positive difference, grow professionally and achieve success.
Simply stated, we want to build the best team in the industry by executing a comprehensive, integrated approach to organizational develop- ment with a focus on our five corporate values:
• Do What is Right
• Put People First
• Reach Higher
• Focus on Your Customer • Enjoy Life
This approach includes a thorough review of everything from recruiting practices to associ- ate retention, from leadership development to performance management. We want to ensure we provide associates the kind of opportunity that allows them to come to work with a sense of purpose and go home with a sense of pride every day.
In our leadership development programs, we stress the importance of collaboration, integrity and accountability. Our managers ensure their teams have clear goals established and that they provide feedback regularly – not just once a year in formal reviews. Excellent teams are built when team members clearly understand their roles and how their contribution influences success. I believe our commitment to our values and to our associates helped guide us through a challenging economy, and we are confident this same com- mitment will be key to our success in the future.
LOOKING AHEAD
The overall consensus for 2012 from econo- mists is for marginally better but still below-trend economic growth (GDP growth between 2% and 3%). The unemployment rate is projected to remain near 9% for most of the year. Hous- ing starts are expected to total approximately 700,000, or 100,000 more than in 2011, but only about one-third of the peak of 2.1 million units witnessed in 2005. Inflation is projected at just over 2% for 2012.
As we look ahead to 2012, we recognize that we still face challenges – both with respect to
 REGIONS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 11
64% of Regions associates own Regions stock. Regions associates participated in 906,368 hours of training in 2011.
 
 the economy and the resulting banking envi- ronment. With this backdrop, we will remain intensely focused on executing our business plan and on the areas we can control. We are confident that we can deliver continued im- provement in our operating results and build long-term shareholder value – a belief that is built upon just how far Regions has come in the past few years in spite of the market turmoil. Looking at a few key metrics, we:
• Reduced our Investor Real Estate portfolio 50% from the end of 2007
• Doubled our loan loss allowance to $2.7 billion
• Increased our Tier 1 common1 ratio 194 basis points to 8.5% in four years
• Reduced our loan to deposit ratio from 100% to 81% – we are core funded
As a result of our de-risking efforts, our strong core franchise, diverse business mix and a clear path to building sustainable performance, we believe Regions is clearly a much stronger fran- chise today. Our strategy is working. Recovery and rebuilding do take time, but with each pass- ing quarter, we are demonstrating progress and profitability moving forward.
THANK YOU
In closing, I want to thank our Board of Directors for their support and guidance over the past year. I greatly appreciate our chairman, Earnie Deavenport, for his wise counsel and commit- ment. I also want to thank Dr. Condoleezza Rice for her valuable insight and expertise as an advisor to our Board of Directors. And I also want to thank our Operating Committee for its leadership through an incredibly challenging environment, and our associates who provide award-winning customer service every day.
Finally, I thank you, our shareholders, for your confidence, continuing support and investment.
O.B. Grayson Hall
President and Chief Executive Officer
From left to right: Earnest W. Deavenport
Jr., Dr. Condoleezza Rice, O.B. Grayson Hall Jr.
        12
REGIONS 2011 ANNUAL REPORT
1 Non-GAAP, see Form 10-K Table 2 for GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation
