    TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:
As we reflect on 2010, by any measure, Americans and the financial services industry continued to face challenges coming from a stubbornly slow economic recovery. The U.S. economy grew less than 3 percent and unemployment hovered just below 10 percent for the year. The residential housing sector remained stressed, reflecting low consumer confidence, continued unemployment and low income growth. As we enter 2011, economic forecasts give encouragement regarding job growth. However, it will take substantial time before our nation recovers all of the 8.4 million jobs that we lost in 2008 and 2009. It appears that we are on a path to economic recovery, but the pace of recovery may prove to be somewhat slow and incremental.
Our company continues to suffer losses caused mainly by high unemployment and heavy concentrations in real estate in several dominant southeastern markets. Florida, for example, finished last year with unemployment peaking near 12 percent. The state’s housing market continues to be hit especially hard, with the foreclosure rate ending the year at 13.68 percent. Regions’ foreclosure rate in Florida was significantly lower at 4.38 percent, a direct result of our commitment to working with customers to help them stay in their homes through our Customer Assistance Program. Across our 16-state franchise, we’ve restructured approximately 19,500 consumer real estate loans while more than 33,500 homeowners have received some type of assistance through this program. As a result, Regions’ overall foreclosure rate is less than half the national average. As we move forward in 2011, we do anticipate a weak housing market and remain committed to helping our customers navigate through these difficult times.
         
     Our commitment to staying focused on the customer drove this improvement and continues to be the foundation of Regions’ strategic growth plan.
PROGRESS MADE
In spite of the challenging headwinds, Regions’ core business steadily improved during the year and placed us in a stronger position as America began turning the corner of economic uncertainty. Our commitment to staying focused on the customer drove this improvement and continues to be the foundation of Regions’ strategic growth plan. We’ve been very successful in keeping customers first in everything we do, as evidenced by Gallup identifying Regions as a top-decile performer in customer loyalty. JD Power & Associates also ranked Regions among the most improved retail banks in customer satisfaction, in the top five in customer satisfaction among primary mortgage servicing companies and fourth in the U.S. Small Business Banking Satisfaction Survey. Attention to service quality and loyalty paid off in key areas. For the second year in a row, the company opened nearly one million new business and consumer checking accounts and increased low-cost deposits by $7 billion. Recent FDIC market share data indicated our growth in deposits ranked Regions first among our peer group and seventh among the top 25 banks. Importantly, we grew deposit market share in over half of our Top 25 markets.
We remained an active lender in 2010, continuing our commitment to making prudent loans to qualified customers. During last year’s challenging environment, we made new or renewed loan commitments totaling $59.9 billion, including $10.7 billion to consumers, $7.2 billion to small businesses and $42 billion to other commercial customers. In the consumer group, our residential mortgage unit originated $8.2 billion in loans for the year, giving us our second best production year in our history.
Within the business services group, we understand that small and middle market businesses are the foundation of economic growth in the communities we serve. That understanding drives
2 | REGIONS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
 
   our intense focus and commitment to providing these business owners the financial access, tools and advice to help them succeed. During 2010, we were recognized by Greenwich Associates for providing distinguished quality service to small business and middle market customers, and the Small Business Administration has recognized Regions as a top small business lender. For a tenth consecutive record year, Morgan Keegan continued to perform extremely well with assets under management increasing to over $157 billion and net revenues over $1.3 billion.
The net interest margin grew during 2010, due to improved funding mix and costs. Net interest income increased $97 million, and net interest margin improved 23 basis points. Importantly, at year-end we achieved our goal of 3.00 percent net interest margin. Non-interest revenue was $3.5 billion as compared to $3.8 billion for 2009. Brokerage revenue, debit card and ATM fees had a particularly strong year. However, insufficient fund fees were down due to regulatory changes that were instituted mid-year. This change required enhanced communication to customers and a requirement that customers make elections regarding how we authorize and process insufficient fund transactions. We work closely with our customers to reach the best solution for their needs.
While credit-related costs lead by other real estate expenses remained elevated, we were able to keep our core expenses in check. Throughout the year, we kept disciplined focus on expense management and improved efficiency. We are leaving no expense category unchallenged and target all areas of staffing, occupancy, discretionary spending, incentives and credit-related expenses. Disciplined expense control is fundamental to our culture and values. Since 2007, we reduced the number of branch offices by 10 percent and personnel by 16 percent while concurrently improving customer service and loyalty measures.
Disciplined expense control is fundamental to our culture and values.
  |3
       
     Strengthening the enterprise risk management framework is essential to the long-term success of our company.
Capital ratios remained strong throughout 2010, with Tier 1 common and Tier 1 ratios standing at a solid 7.85 and 12.40 percent, respectively. Our Basel III pro-forma Tier 1 common and Tier 1 capital ratios are 7.62 and 11.35 percent, above the respective 7 percent and 8.5 percent minimums required under Basel III. Our liquidity position remained solid at both the bank and the holding company level, and we finished the year with a loan-to-deposit ratio of 88 percent.
CHALLENGES FACED
Our core business performance results indicate we are making progress, and our stock outperformed the S&P 500 as well as the KBW Banking Index. However, we are far from satisfied with these results given that we finished the year with a loss of $763 million or $0.62 per share. The results reflect an elevated – but lower – loan loss provision of $2.9 billion. Throughout the year, we made progress in de-risking the balance sheet, selling $2.1 billion of non-performing assets. Non-performing assets as a percentage of total loans and repossessed assets were 4.70 percent at December 31, 2010, compared to 4.83 percent a year earlier.
We’ve learned some tough lessons as a result of the economic crisis and are now facing our challenges with a better perspective and even more determination. We realize we were over concentrated in real estate and over concentrated in certain markets, specifically Florida and Georgia. As a result, we are reducing our exposure to real estate and are moving toward a better balance in our consumer and business portfolio and more balance across our geographies.
As part of an aggressive plan to improve credit quality, we have disposed of approximately $3.5 billion in problem assets over the past two years and have a disciplined process to determine on a case-by-case basis whether a workout, restructuring or asset sale provides the most economically beneficial path to resolution.
4 | REGIONS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
 
   Strengthening the enterprise risk management framework is essential to the long-term success of our company and extends to all inherent risks – both credit and otherwise – that we encounter. Adherence to strict and consistent underwriting standards ensures we are being compensated appropriately for the risk we take in making loans. Knowing there’s no place for surprises when customers borrow money, we will also make certain that our lending practices are fair and transparent so loan obligations and implications are completely understood. While our credit issues have not been resolved as promptly as we would like, our internally risk-rated problem loans improved every quarter last year and delinquencies have been trending favorably as well. I am confident that we now have the right people, processes and technology in place to address these issues and that we are making progress.
PREPARED FOR A NEW OPERATING ENVIRONMENT
While I’m optimistic that the worst days of the economic crisis are behind us, I also recognize that there will be many new regulations that will impact our business model and how we serve our customers. However, we know our markets and customers very well and remain confident in our ability to adjust and adapt our business.
The new operating environment will require substantial changes to the manner in which we deliver and price our services. Most importantly, we recognize the new environment’s ongoing requirement to be innovative in the design of products and the delivery of these products to our customers. The markets demand that we deliver products that satisfy customer needs in a manner that customers value and for which they are willing to pay a fair and competitive price.
Service quality plays a significant role, and at Regions, it’s
We know our markets and customers very well and remain confident in our ability to adjust and adapt our business.
  |5
       
     Service quality plays a significant role, and at Regions, it’s our key differentiator from our competitors.
our key differentiator from our competitors. Our associates understand that banking should not be complicated and that it is based on relationships. Across our 16-state franchise, customers deserve to receive the consistent and high level of friendly, helpful service that has earned us industry recognition and honors.
SOLID VALUES, STRONG LEADERSHIP MOVE REGIONS FORWARD
As we move forward, it is important that we build a stronger values-based culture that drives better performance and results. I am confident in the commitment and determination of our leadership team to deliver better results. As the economy improves, we are positioned to demonstrate the business results that our shareholders deserve. Close to 28,000 Regions associates live and work according to five values that lead how we operate and support our communities:
• Put people first
• Do what is right
• Focus on your customer • Reach higher
• Enjoy life
Regions’ commitment to make life better for our communities has not wavered throughout the economic crisis. In fact, it’s stronger than ever. At Regions, we understand the role we play in our communities: helping businesses – both large and small – grow and create jobs, helping homeowners achieve and maintain the dream of home ownership and helping our neighborhoods thrive. We believe that when our communities succeed, we succeed. That’s why Regions associates are actively involved in conducting financial literacy programs throughout our franchise
6 | REGIONS 2010 ANNUAL REPORT
 
   as well as working with community organizations to assist struggling homeowners.
In last year’s report, I outlined four strategic priorities that would serve as a guideline for how we conduct business and achieve our goal of returning to sustainable profitability:
• Keep our business focused on the customer • Protect our future
• Restore our financial performance
• Execute with excellence
We are moving forward and making progress in reaching our goal. I want to express my appreciation to our senior leadership team who did an outstanding job last year in designing business plans to support these priorities and to our associates who executed those plans every day.
I also wish to express my gratitude to our Board of Directors and to our chairman, Earnie Deavenport, for their leadership, support and wise counsel.
Finally, I thank you, our shareholders, for your confidence, continuing support and investment.
O.B. Grayson Hall, Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer
Regions’ commitment to make life better for our communities has not wavered throughout the economic crisis.
In fact, it’s stronger than ever.
    |7
       