
The Chairman's Message DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDFRS: AS WE HAVE DONE SO MANY THINGS IN TIIE PAST 18 MONTHS, WE NOW WRIT[ETHIS LETTER TO YOU TOGETHER. Our joint approach to corporate governance and the day-to-day management of Regions Financial Corporation was the preferred way as our company went through the initial stages of great change. I When  we stood together in Memphis, Tennessee, on January 13, 2004, and announced the merger of then-Regions Financial Corp. and then-Union Planters Corp., it was with the knowledge that once the transaction was.finalized, the magnitude of our business would nearly double overnight. Since then, we have worked to ensure  a successful integration e the two former stand-alone entities, while at the same time continuing to manage the day-to-day operations of one of the Top 15 financial services providers m the nation. 

We were confident from the start that Regions and Union Planters would be better together. We knew we would be bringing together an outstanding Executive team of men and women to manage the complex planning and execution of the major efforts necessary for a successful integration. \Ve knew our cultures, our geography and our technologies were complementary. \Ve knew the cost saYcs achievable with this merger would mean both short- and long-term benefits for our shareholders, and that our customers would benefit from more products and services and our greater geographic reach. We had - and still have - the confidence in our frontline bankers and brokers to continue driving the business forward. And, we knew that as our companies came together to become something greater than they each were alone, our associates would ultimately benefit from expanded career opportunities. Now we are here to report to you on our progress, and to look with you toward our future. The Financial Year in Review Included in this annual report, you will find a full set of financial statements and notes explaining in detail how we performed financially. In summary, 2004 was a successful year for Regions. For the full year, the company earned more than S800 million, including approximately S40 million of merger-related charges. The company's merger with Un.ion Planters, which was finalized July I, 2004, was accounted for as a purchase; therefore, the performance of Union Planters is reflected only in the financials reported for the last half of 2004. (Financial data for 2003 are only for legacy Regions and do not include the former Union Planters.) 
Since the merger closed in July 2004, we have seen good progress in our community banking franchise, even as we dedicate time, money and human resources toward integration planning and execution. Community banking loan growth was 7 percent annualized, with community banking deposit growth at 4.5 percent annualized. We saw the loan growth driven by commercial real estate and home equity lines of credit, and the deposit growth by interest-free deposits, CDs and interest-bearing checking. We attribute the Overall growth to many things, not the least of which is that our 15-state footprint across the South, Midwest and Texas puts us in many very desirable markets. By coming together, we gained some critical mass in high-growth markets we had been targeting individually such as Houston and Dallas in Texas; South Florida; and Nashville, Tennessee. 

In 2004, Morgan Keegan raised S776 million in IPOs of two closed-end funds, the Regions Morgan Keegan Strategic Income Fund, Inc., and the Regions Morgan Keegan Select Advantage Income Fund, lnc. The firm also saw revenues and after-tax profits pick up at the end of the year as both trading volumes and deal now were strong in fixed income and equity capital markets. On the other hand, conforming mortgage results were not as strong in 2004 as they were in 2003, a result of the combination of reduced industry-wide demand and the internal resource requirements demanded by the mortgage In 2004, Morgan Keegan raised S776 million in IPOs of two closed-end funds, the Regions Morgan Keegan Strategic Income Fund, Inc., and the Regions Morgan Keegan Select Advantage Income Fund, lnc. The firm also saw revenues and after-tax profits pick up at the end of the year as both trading volumes and deal now were strong in fixed income and equity capital markets.  As 2005 began, we restated our commitment to right-sizing our mortgage cost structure.' to current production levels and announced the discontinuation of our conforming "" wholesale production channel. FquiFirst, our non traditional mortgage operation, continues to posith·el) impact Regions' m crall mortgage banking business, in part thanks to its nc" state of-the-art operations center in Phoenix, Ariwna, "hi<.:h it opened late in 2003.

And, as )OU ma) han-rt·ad, in 2oo+ \\l' cTeated ll<•gions In􀁻urancc Group, Inc., the corporall• structun• for ,ill of the company's insurance related suhsidiarn·s. With annual premiums plan·d of approximatdy S800 million, Rl'gions lnsuranCl' Group include., ont· of tht· largest insurancl' agencies in thl· Unitl•d talc􀀓. Finally, R(·gions' credit quality remained good as \H' ended the year with a continut:cl clt•d11w in non p<."rforming 􀃏sets, ,,hich cam<' in at $452 million, or 0.79 percent of loans and other real estate, as of Dl'Lunlwr 31, 2004. Net loan charge offs totak·d Sl31 million, or 0.29 pl•rccnt ol aH·ragc loans, signific:a.ntl) heller than management's prc,ioush stated n·ar end goal of 0.40 percc􀃽t. Regions' loan l,;,s allowa1{ce to total lo.ms cnd1.·d the )'Car al 1.31 pertcnt. The company rnded the y,·ar ,, ith assel'> of S8+. l billion as of December 3 I , 2oo+. Strong Dividend Record Regions continued to add to its strong dh iclend track record in 2004, increasing its quartt·rl) cash divicknd payout to shareholders for thr Brd )l'ar in a rn"'· f'lw tinal dhidmd payment of 2004 marked tlw 135th rnnsccutivc 9uart1.'r in ,, hich tlw com pan) paid cash <lh idends, going back to its formation in 1971. In addition, Regions continued to be n•cogni1t•d for its strong di\ idcnd record, most recent)) as a Mergt·nt, Inc., 2004 Dividend A<.hic, er, as a m,// \trcct Journal Didclend Aristo<:rat and hy being added to the Do,, Jones Srlect Di,iclend Index. Regions' di,idcnd) icld, currrntly around 4 percent, contributed to its s<.'kc.lion as a compom•nt of the above mcnlioncd Do" Jon<.'s pr<.'􀅸tigious grouping of company stoch, which ITIL'asurcs the p,·rformance of <li\'idend-paying stocks sdettL·d for their high yidds, their track records of maintaining or increasing dividends over the past fi,c years and their capabilit) of sustaining their current payouts in the coming Jt·ar. Integration Update \Vhilc we ,, ill report on the merger integration proc·css in great detail later in this annual fl'port, let us nm, as,un• you that \\C arc \Cry pleased with t11e progress w1.• arL making in t1lis area. Our total m1:rgcr-rdatcd sa, ings for 2004 were $30 million, as projcctl'<I. We ha,e rnmpletcd all of our key milestones on time and suc.:ces,f ull), including combining corporate staff groups (I luman Rcsourn·s, InformationTechnolog), f\farketing, etc.), meding all hling deadlines, comcrting the mortgagt• s<.'nidng platJorm, consolidating legacy Union Planters' imcstmcnt arm into Morgan Keegan and more. Re-branding ha􀇮 aln·ady been <.:amplctcd in our non overlap markets, and we arc on schedule for our first bank conn􀇺rsions, ,, hie h were to begin during earl) second quarter of this )CM. 

We would be remiss if we did not take a moment to recognize the truly admirable performance of our fellow associates in 2004. Not only were we once again recoginzed as one of the best places to work in information technology (No. 38 in the annual Computenrorld survey, up from No. 74 the year before), we also were named as one of the most innovative users of technology, mm ing up to No. 41 in the annual 1,iformationWeek 500 survey. And, we were named No. 4 in Fortune's list of the "Most Admired Superrcgional Bank, in the United States." Individual performers from all areas of the company received recognition and awards for marketing, training, skills proficiency, leadership and more, both at work and in the community the list seems endless. 

And even though it may seem quite long ago to some, for many of our customers, shareholders and associates, the memory of the devastating hurricane season of 2004 is still an all-too fresh and painful one. On the financial front, the hurricanes - Charley, Frances, Ivan and Jean forced 465 of our banking offices to shut down an average of 1.5 days each during the third quarter (fortunately, none of our associates suffered physical harm). We still cannot say enough about how proud we arc of how our associates joined fore-es quickly to reopen offices and respond to customer and community needs, while at the same time continuing to successfully implement merger plans and do their day-to-day jobs. The crisis management teams from both legacy organizations joined together to execute preparation and recovery plans with the speed of a group that had been together for years and not about 60 days. This spoke volumes about our shared culture and our commitment lo the new Regions. 

The Future The months ahead of us "ill be busy, at times challenging, and, ultimately, fruitful. As we continue to work on ongoing integration activities, we are also concurrently implementing several strategic initiatives. The company has new bank branches planned in 2005, many for high-growth-potential markets, others as fill-in branches in already strong markets. We plan to continue with investments in high-performing talent for both the bank and Morgan Keegan, and in our infrastructure platform; and we arc continuing the successful rollout of the legacy Regions sales and senice program to Union Planters banks. We look forward to sharing details of all of this with you later in this report, as well as to introducing you to our new brand identity, "Everyday Confidence." 

In closing, we are pleased to report that our year of transition was, overall, a ,·cry good one. The stage is now set for the future - a future that, in part, ""ill sec the transition of Jack to the position of chief executive officer of the company July 1 of this )Car. This will take place after Carl's planned retirement from that position. Carl will remain as chairman of the Regions Financial Corporation Board of Di.rectors for another year. We are confident it will be a productive one. Allow us to invite you to enjoy the remainder of our 2004 report. We hope you enjoy our departure from the traditional format as we take the time to tell you the Regions story - a story of past, of present, and of a future we look forward to ,with confidence. 
Every day. 

Carl E Jones  & Jackson Moore
