ralph lauren
Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer

dear fellow shareholders
Fiscal 2009 was one of the most challenging economic years in history, but due to the hard work we have done to grow and manage our business over the last several years, our Company persevered. Today, we are far more diversified in our geographic reach and product offerings. Our financial and managerial strengths are considerably ahead of where they were, and the decisions we've consistently made, often difficult, have supported our long-term growth initiatives and maximized shareholder value. Despite these tough times, we are prepared to navigate through them and we are very much in control of our destiny. I am extremely proud of our Fiscal 2009 results. The trustworthiness of our brands and the desirability of our products, complemented by the proactive measures we took throughout the year, have protected our profitability and enabled us to report better than expected earnings. We aligned our global inventories with softer expected sales trends and implemented strong expense discipline throughout the Company, analyzing processes to eliminate unnecessary costs and improve efficiency. These results confirm again not only the vitality of our brands, but the relevance of our strategy connecting a strong operational infrastructure and balance sheet to the world-class capabilities of our management team and the passion of our employees around the world. In challenging times, people turn to brands they trust and to quality products with lasting value. For over forty-two years, through good times and bad, our Company has endured and we've always emerged smarter and stronger. We have, I believe, a compelling strategy to grow shareholder value over the long term. This is focused on elevating our brands and diversifying our business in three key areas: growing our international presence, expanding our direct-to-consumer reach and the development of new merchandise and product innovation.

Our commitment to these three areas of growth remains unwavering. We've delivered solid returns by assuming more direct control over our business, whether in Europe or Japan, with product lines as diverse as childrenswear and footwear, or in our retail development and e-commerce efforts. Our cash flows have grown even as we've made significant investments in the business. We have the financial strength to stay the course as we continue to evolve not only our core businesses, but nurture smaller, unique concepts such as RRL and Rugby. Developing our brands internationally allows us to pursue high-growth, high-margin opportunities and we continue our unstoppable creative dedication to the quality and innovation of all product categories, especially in the area of luxury accessories. Our Company, more than ever, remains steadfast to the tradition of our American heritage and values. But over the long term, our international expansion efforts offer us the most exciting and transformational growth opportunities. Whether it is introducing our Lauren brand in Europe, our integrated retail and wholesale expansion strategy in France, our repositioning efforts in Japan, new inroads in Eastern Europe, or taking control of the Southeast Asia region at the beginning of calendar 2010, there is so much for us to achieve worldwide. The transition of our Southeast Asian business marks a major stride forward, particularly as it relates to achieving our long-term goal of having approximately one-third of our revenues come from the Asia-Pacific region. While this goal is almost double the current penetration of the Asia-Pacific region to our total sales mix, the market growth dynamics are very compelling and among the strongest in the world. We believe the potential for our brands in China, given the growing appetite for global luxury brands among Chinese consumers, is tremendous. Just as our revenues are increasingly generated in international markets, we will allocate our capital and managerial resources accordingly. We have always believed that our stores are the most important link to our customers. They are the home to everything we create. Our dedication to finding the most outstanding locations and customizing them with the right product and the most appealing aesthetic is relentless and unquestioned. And though our expertise was tested greatly during Fiscal 2009, I am proud to report our teams managed well through extreme volatility, maintaining the integrity of the ultimate shopping experience in our stores around the globe. While others are closing doors, we continue to open them, re-challenging and reinventing ourselves in the most desirable locations around the world. This past year we added the most elegant addresses to our retail world -- Robertson Boulevard in Los Angeles, our most luxurious women's-only store on Avenue Montaigne in Paris and an astonishing location in exotic Istanbul. Though current retail conditions are challenging, we remain dedicated to opening new doors in new markets around the world. RalphLauren.com is not only one of our most important retail outlets, but also one of our most important marketing vehicles. It is the most comprehensive expression of the World of Ralph Lauren, viewed by millions of domestic and international visitors each month. The investment we've made in RalphLauren.com, which includes a dedicated distribution center opened last year, has allowed this channel to flourish at a crucial time. RalphLauren.com sales grew by double-digits in Fiscal 2009, far outpacing broader industry trends. Building on the success of RalphLauren.com, we launched Rugby.com last summer and the initial customer response has been tremendous, again among both domestic and international visitors. Consistent with our commitment to innovation, we also launched mobile commerce in the United States and several iPhone applications to leverage technology and engage customers in new and interesting ways. Now our customers can have a front row seat at our runway shows and pick out the clothes they love while in their car or walking down the street.

Nothing made me prouder than seeing the U.S. Olympic team march out at the opening ceremonies of last year's summer Olympics dressed head-to-toe in Ralph Lauren. Our sustained investment in global brand advertising and marketing, including our association with high-prof ile sporting events, such as the Olympics, the U.S. Open and Wimbledon, has elevated our brands and enhanced the desirability of our products worldwide. Our lifestyle positioning is clearly understood by our various customers and we believe it resonates with them strongly. During the year, we expanded our men's Black Label sportswear offerings a nd i n s t it ute d a made -to -me a su re su it i ng prog r a m . We suc c e s sf u l ly c omple te d t he l au nc h of American Living, the first project under our Global Brand Concepts division, at JCPenney. And in a joint venture with Richemont, the Ralph Lauren Watch and Jewelry Company introduced its first collections of luxury timepieces. The timepiece collections are the ultimate expression of our commitment to craftsmanship and quality and are another meaningful step in the development of our broader accessories assortment. An important part of our culture is giving back to the communities where we live and work. This year, we continued our support of the fight against cancer through the Ralph Lauren Center for Cancer Care and Prevention in Harlem as well as our global Pink Pony initiative. Our Adopt-a-School program continues to thrive and Polo Ralph Lauren volunteers deepened their involvement with God's Love We Deliver and Habitat for Humanity. Our Company's long-term commitment to the restoration of the Star Spangled Banner culminated in the official unveiling of America's iconic f lag in a newly renovated gallery at the Smithsonian's National Museum of American History. The uncertainty and volatility that defined Fiscal 2009 will most likely continue through Fiscal 2010, but it is times like these that really distinguish world-class companies and strong brands. I still dream the big dreams for what our Company can achieve. Our brands are strong and their momentum continues to build worldwide. We must not lose sight of our vision or lose the passion for excellence that has allowed us to achieve such tremendous success over the years. We balance this vision with the realities of the difficult current operating environment by controlling what we can and seeking to leverage our global strengths. We are managing our business prudently and making decisions to sustain our success over the long term, like investing in international markets and continuing to develop innovative products. We are doing all of this without compromising our passion or our commitment to the integrity of our brands. I would like to thank our employees, management team and partners around the world who have worked together tirelessly to support our Company's success. I would also like to thank our Board of Directors for t heir ded icat ion a nd va luable g uida nce duri ng u nprecedented t i mes, a nd to ex tend a specia l acknowledgment of gratitude to Judith McHale, who recently left our Board due to her confirmation as Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs for the State Department. And finally, I would like to thank you, our shareholders, for your ongoing support.

