   DEAR SHAREOWNERS
   Keith D. Nosbusch
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
AT A GLANCE
Annual Sales:
$5.7 billion
Global Headquarters:
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA Trading Symbol:
NYSE: ROK Employees:
About 21,000
Serving customers in more than 80 countries.
For Rockwell Automation, fiscal 2008 was a year of continued success executing our strategies for transforming our company and delivering strong financial results. Despite increasingly challenging market and economic conditions, our organization stayed focused on our goal of sustaining above-market rates of growth, while building our portfolio to create long-term value. Our financial performance underscores
our progress:
• Revenues were $5.7 billion, up 14 percent;
• Diluted earnings per share increased 11 percent to $4.11 excluding $0.21 per share for special charges1;
• Free cash flow was $458 million, or 79 percent of income from continuing operations2;
• Return on invested capital held firm at 24 percent3.
As we exit 2008, our balance sheet remains strong and we have the financial flexibility to continue to invest for the long term and return cash to our shareowners. We are pleased with the solid capital structure of the company in these times of economic uncertainty.
Looking beyond the numbers, we are laying the groundwork for Rockwell Automation to serve a pivotal role in a new era for manufacturing. Central to our vision is the convergence of control, power, communications and information technology (IT). We believe this will allow our customers to achieve higher levels of productivity and business performance by employing manufacturing intelligence to optimize business processes. This major 21st century trend cuts across all industries globally. We will lead the trend toward convergence and are confident that our technology, people and processes will create significant value for our customers and thus for our shareowners.
Indeed, solving the technology challenges of a new manufacturing era is the first of four major facets of our transformation that together set the stage for future growth and value creation:
1. Leading Manufacturing Convergence. Modern business enterprises need to become highly flexible, productive, and sustainable by converging real-time manufacturing information with intelligence from other business systems. The deployment of network infrastructure, control
  
      and information technology, and services to enable this convergence presents an exciting growth opportunity for Rockwell Automation. Our evolving integrated control and information solutions expand our addressable market and increase our ability to capture greater customer share.
“We are enhancing our market
2. Diversifying Our Sources of Revenue. Diversifying our sources
access through a vertical
industry focus
of revenue continues to be a key strategy. We are expanding
our served markets through our process, information and safety initiatives. During 2008, we generated about half our sales outside the U.S., underscoring the global expansion that will fuel ongoing growth. In addition, more than half of our employees now work outside the U.S. as we position ourselves closer to customers, particularly in emerging markets.
We are enhancing our market access through a vertical industry focus that targets a broader set of industries and applications, a disciplined global Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) program that reaches more decision makers, and a more robust solutions and services business that improves our customer intimacy and showcases the skills and knowledge of our people.
3. Driving Innovation and Building an Intellectual Capital Business.
We continue to strengthen our technology leadership by investing in our innovative Integrated Architecture, which includes the Logix control platform, FactoryTalk® information platform and Allen-Bradley® intelligent motor controls. In addition to our broad product portfolio, we have a team of extremely talented people who create value when we Listen, Think, and Solve® our customers’ business problems. Our vision is to “make our customers successful and the world more productive and sustainable as THE most valued provider of innovative automation and information solutions.”
4. Fostering a Culture of Continuous Improvement. Lastly, our goal of realizing 3 to 4 percent annual cost productivity savings enables us to reinvest in growth initiatives and preserve profitability during periods of slower growth.
Let me illustrate how we have been successful in transforming the company within each of these activities:
that targets a broader set of industries and applications, a disciplined global Original
Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) program that reaches more decision makers, and a more
robust solutions
and services business that improves our customer intimacy and showcases the skills and knowledge
of our people.“
3

         TECHNOLOGY LEADERSHIP
 MANUFACTURING CONVERGENCE
Today’s manufacturers face increasingly complex customer demand patterns,
as well as challenges to integrate their supply chains as they become more global. Market pressures compel our customers to balance multiple priorities: innovation, globalization, sustainability and productivity. Improving business performance in this environment requires them to take advantage of the convergence of manufacturing and IT so that they can access and act upon real-time manufacturing intelligence to optimize their production environment and supply chain. In terms of automation, this includes exciting new combinations of plant-wide control disciplines, information solutions and networks. This convergence is creating a new era for manufacturing productivity.
Rockwell Automation is well-equipped to help customers capture the business benefits of manufacturing convergence. We have invested in the technology and people to help our customers succeed across two dimensions:
• Plant-wide control – from discrete to process; and
• Information – across the plant floor to the enterprise and throughout the supply chain.
From Discrete to Process – Plant-wide Control Convergence
The Logix integrated control platform is the centerpiece of our manufacturing convergence strategy. It integrates multiple control disciplines such as discrete, motion, process, batch and motor control on a single platform in a safe and secure production environment. The Logix control platform enhances the competitive position of our customers by reducing total cost of ownership while enabling faster time to market with improved flexibility. Manufacturers can adopt one integrated and scalable control architecture for their entire plant. Logix continues to gain momentum as our global installed base exceeded $3 billion in 2008.
In 2008, we advanced the convergence of control in manufacturing to expand further into process control through internal developments, strategic partnerships and acquisitions. Process is our largest growth initiative with sales of more than $700 million.
                                                                                                                                                    4

      Across the Plant Floor to the Enterprise and Throughout
the Supply Chain – Information Convergence
Increasingly, our customers want to connect the plant floor to the enterprise for optimal production efficiencies. Supply chain integration and synchronization is a vital opportunity as manufacturers become more global and their supply chains become more complex and stretched. The challenge of supply chain integration is the need for better information flow between the plant floor, enterprise systems and the external supply chain.
Rockwell Automation’s Integrated Architecture – consisting of our Logix control platform and our FactoryTalk software suite – is well-positioned to facilitate this information convergence. FactoryTalk software makes it possible for our customers to seamlessly connect plant-floor data with their enterprise IT systems. The ability to combine real-time production data with data from other parts of the enterprise into actionable business intelligence increases productivity, allows better decisions and unlocks valuable competitive opportunities.
The proliferation of Ethernet networks in the plant environment is a key enabler of manufacturing convergence. This past year we unveiled the first co-branded industrial- grade EtherNet/IPTM switch with our global partner, networking leader Cisco. Our strategic partnership with Cisco supports the growing need for a secure Ethernet infrastructure to realize manufacturing convergence.
In short, Rockwell Automation has the technology and people in place to usher in the convergence that will facilitate this next wave of manufacturing competitiveness.
opportunities.“
“The ability to combine real-time production data with
data from other parts of the enterprise into
actionable
business
intelligence
increases productivity, allows better decisions and unlocks
valuable competitive
5

   REVENUE DIVERSIFICATION
 “Expanding our presence in
ey emerging
markets – including China,
India, Latin America and Eastern Europe –
remains important to our growth.“
When I became CEO in fiscal 2004, we committed to grow our international revenues and to establish an infrastructure to better serve customers outside the United States. Today, sales outside the U.S. represent about half of our total sales, up from 38 percent in 2004, as we generated 16 percent average annual growth in international markets over those four years.
During 2008, we experienced strong revenue growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America, with 16 and 14 percent increases respectively, excluding currency translation4. Revenues in Europe were up 13 percent excluding currency translation4. We benefited from an intensified focus in Europe on selling Logix, increased sales to machine builders, and the success of our recent acquisitions.
Expanding our presence in key emerging markets – including China, India, Latin America and Eastern Europe – remains important to our growth. Our sales in China grew 37 percent to more than $200 million in 2008. We also continued to experience rapid growth in Latin America, particularly from projects in resource-based industries.
Finally, we advanced our worldwide investments in operations, sales resources, market access capabilities and business systems. We expanded the scope of our activities
at our new business center in Katowice, Poland. In Monterrey, Mexico, we opened a new facility producing motor control centers and power panels. Our newest factory in Shanghai, China, began engineering and assembling motor control centers, power panels and low voltage drives, while our Asia Pacific business center in Singapore added several new product lines.
Looking ahead, we have challenged ourselves to achieve a new goal of obtaining 60 percent of our revenues outside the United States by 2013. Our shareowners should benefit from the revenue diversification that comes with expanding global business operations.
k
6

        In addition to geographic diversification, we are enhancing market access to tap diverse sources of organic revenue growth. First, we have invested in industry-specific applications and domain expertise to better tune our solutions to the needs of our customers. Our focus on these industries is beginning to pay off. A prime example is in the oil and gas industry where we increased our market penetration and grew revenues to more than $400 million in 2008.
Second, we improved adoption of our products by OEMs, the builders of machines and equipment that make products. We’ve refined our segmentation, aligned our investments and tuned our selling strategies accordingly. This disciplined focus, combined with our ongoing technology investments, resulted in growth from targeted OEM accounts in 2008.
Third, our customers continue to look for outsourcing opportunities to focus on their core competencies. To capitalize on this trend by our end-users, we have developed broader solution and service capabilities. These investments allow us to differentiate our product portfolio by being more deeply involved with the customers’ applications and their core value-added processes, thus strengthening our account relationships.
In late 2008, we consolidated two of our solutions delivery businesses in order to improve our project performance and our customers’ experience. In 2008 these businesses grew in excess of 20 percent.
 Expanding Global Presence
   38%
62%
50%
50%
60%
40%
2004
2008
2013
  International
United States
7

   INNOVATION & INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
  Rockwell Automation is a company rich in technology, with a long legacy of innovation that contributes to the success of our customers, our global business growth and shareowner value. At the center of this innovative culture is our highly skilled and talented workforce. Our people are our most valuable competitive advantage and we expect their pursuit of excellence will continue to be a key differentiator.
Today, the vast majority of our value is produced by people through technology and domain expertise. What we know has become more valuable than what we make. During 2008, we continued to invest in domain expertise to better understand our customers’ business needs and provide them with innovative solutions. In simplest terms, this means we now have thousands of technical and commercial specialists who deeply understand manufacturing applications and how they solve our customers’ business problems.
“Rockwell Automation is a company rich in technology with a
ng legacy of innovation lo
that contributes to the success of our customers, our global business
growth and shareowner value.“ 8
  
            CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT CULTURE
We remain committed to building a more valuable enterprise by achieving growth and performance simultaneously. Our employees continue to execute on a comprehensive set of productivity initiatives utilizing Lean, Six Sigma and other tools. We benefited from a continuous improvement mindset that is central to everything we do and generated about 4 percent cost productivity in 2008. We also continue to build our productivity pipeline and identified the cost of complexity as the next productivity opportunity. A company-wide focus on these productivity initiatives has allowed us to maintain best-in-class operating margins and reinvest for future growth.
At the same time, we are transforming our organization into a single integrated company that operates on end-to-end global business processes. We are leveraging common, best-in-class tools and practices across the company. This more streamlined and global approach to doing business will result in a more valuable enterprise.
In 2008, we made three strategic acquisitions that filled important technology gaps. Pavilion Technologies is a recognized leader in advanced process control software, production optimization and environmental compliance solutions for process and hybrid industries. We acquired Incuity, whose Enterprise Manufacturing Intelligence (EMI) software meets the growing demand for information convergence. Incuity’s software provides real-time intelligence for business decision support in order to improve operations and reduce production waste. Combining Incuity’s capabilities with the FactoryTalk software suite creates a powerful visualization and information management platform. Finally, we acquired the industrial division of CEDES, a leading European safety light curtain and optoelectronic sensor supplier, to enhance our leading position in the machine safety market.
ACQUISITIONS
9
 
  TRUST
 FOCUSING ON CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
We live and work in a transparent world, where stakeholders expect us to act ethically and to fulfill our corporate social responsibilities. We strive to live up to that expectation, because it is the right thing to do, and also because there is a competitive advantage in our culture of integrity, our emphasis on compliance, and our embracing of opportunities to make the manufacturing world more sustainable. The Ethisphere Institute has recognized us as one of the world’s most ethical companies.
We also see the importance of social responsibilities in the stronger ties we build with our customers as we work together to make their factories cleaner, safer and more energy efficient. We see it in committed, engaged employees who are proud to work at Rockwell Automation. Ultimately, we believe that we see it in more sustainable returns for shareowners.
We are proud of how we have demonstrated both continuous improvement and compliance excellence in our own safety and environmental programs. Our goals in these programs go beyond legal requirements to achieve world-class results.
Our corporate responsibility reports, posted on our website, explain what we are doing in this realm and how we measure progress. I hope you will review them at www.rockwellautomation.com/about_us.
“Our strategic investments in technology leadership, global presence, and portfolio expansion will, over the long term,
enhance our leadership
in the industry and create significant value for customers and shareowners.“
10
 
                 OUTLOOK
We anticipate that 2009 will hold its share of challenges for Rockwell Automation. However, we believe that we are well-positioned to deal with a slower global economy. We continue to realign our operations to meet the evolving needs of our marketplace, including streamlining administrative and operations functions and realigning selling resources to the highest growth opportunities. We are a strong company with tremendous financial flexibility for these volatile times. Our strategic investments in technology leadership, global presence, and portfolio expansion will, over the long term, enhance our leadership in the industry and create significant value for customers and shareowners.
As we move forward, we remain focused on our transformation, which will build a more valuable enterprise. The Rockwell Automation leadership team and our approximately 21,000 employees are committed to producing outstanding results for our customers, which delivers solid performance for our shareowners.
Thank you for your continued support and confidence in Rockwell Automation. Sincerely,
Keith D. Nosbusch
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   1 Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations excludes 2008 special charges of $30.4 million after tax or $0.21 per share and 2007 special charges of $27.7 million after tax or $0.17 per share.
2 Free Cash Flow was $458 million, or 79 percent of income from continuing operations. Free Cash Flow is a non-GAAP financial measure. Please see Financial Condition in Form 10-K for a complete definition and calculation of Free Cash Flow.
3 For a complete definition and calculation of Return on Invested Capital, a non-GAAP financial measure, please see the supplemental section following the Form 10-K.
4 Revenues exclude the effect of changes in currency exchange rates. See Supplemental Sales Information
in Form 10-K for information on this non-GAAP financial measure. 11
 