   Keith D. Nosbusch
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
AT A GLANCE
Annual Sales:
$5.6 billion
Global Headquarters:
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA
Trading Symbol:
NYSE: ROK
Employees:
About 23,000
Serving customers in more than 80 countries.
  Dear Shareowners:
Fiscal 2006 proved to be another outstanding year for Rockwell Automation. We benefited from disciplined execution of our growth and performance strategy and favorable end markets. These results demonstrate the value and flexibility of our business model and validate the strategic course we have been consistently implementing.
We continue to transform Rockwell Automation to prosper through business and industrial cycles by expanding our served market, enhancing our market access,
and capturing a greater revenue share of our existing installed base. We remain focused on delivering significant business benefits to our customers and long-term value to our shareowners.
LONG-TERM GROWTH AND PERFORMANCE STRATEGY
REINVESTMENT
Generate 3-4% annual cost productivity & maintain operating leverage
  REVENUE
Sustained secular, organic growth • Expanded served market
• Enhanced market access
• Acquisitions as catalysts
  INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
Deploy human and financial resources to highest-ROIC opportunities

 “ We remain focused on delivering significant business benefits to our customers and long-term value to our shareowners.”
STRONG FINANCIAL RESULTS
Our excellent financial performance reflects this focus:
• Revenues were $5.6 billion, up 11 percent;
• Segmentoperatingmarginsimproved0.8pointsat Control Systems and 3.6 points at Power Systems;
• Earningspersharefromcontinuingoperations
before accounting change was $3.49, up approximately 25 percent;
• Freecashflowwas$324million,orapproximately 100 percent of net income (when adjusted for our
voluntary pension contribution), reflecting high-quality earnings and our continued focus on working capital and capital spending discipline; and
• Returnoninvestedcapitalimproved4pointsto more than 22 percent.*
Importantly, the fundamental elements of our strategy remained unchanged throughout 2006. We continued to execute on the three pillars of our business model:
1) generating sustainable above-market organic revenue growth; 2) driving cost productivity to fuel disciplined reinvestment; and 3) deploying our financial and human resources to the highest return on invested capital opportunities.
* For a complete definition and calculation of Return on Invested Capital, a non-GAAP financial measure, please see the supplemental page following the Form 10-K.
SUSTAINED, ABOVE-MARKET REVENUE GROWTH
Central to our strategy is generating revenue growth through technology leadership, expanding our served market, and enhancing our market access with deeper, more intimate customer relationships. Three examples of our leading growth drivers – Integrated ArchitectureTM, Intelligent Motor Control, and globalization – illustrate this point.
INTEGRATEDARCHITECTURE
At the core of our growth strategy, the Logix control and information platform is the most important example of our technology leadership and is the key platform from which we continue to expand our served market. Its unique ability to integrate multiple control disciplines onto a single platform helps our customers reduce costs, speed execution and improve productivity. It also allows customers to collect and use plant floor data to enhance manufacturing operations and supply chain processes, and to make more effective real-time decisions.
3
 
 In 2006, we accelerated our investments in enhancing the functionality of the Logix platform to increase our penetration of machine builders, particularly in Europe and Asia. We also invested in new features and capabilities to extend beyond our traditional leadership in discrete automation and grow aggressively into the process and plant-floor information markets.
Today, the Logix platform is our most global product and is particularly important in emerging markets where decisions are often based on technology rather than installed base. In 2006, Logix sales were up approximately 20 percent to $535 million, and we remain committed to our goal of $1 billion in sales by 2009.
INTELLIGENT MOTOR CONTROL
A second example of driving revenue growth with technology can be found in our Intelligent Motor Control products. The enhanced computing power embedded
4 in these products improves performance, interoperability and information exchange. We continued to invest in innovative and differentiated products including our PowerFlex® drives that help our customers improve energy efficiency, manufacturing process performance and asset utilization.
In 2006, we capitalized on the favorable business environment in the power-centric, resource-based industries. Investment spending in the oil and gas, mining, metals and cement industries has increased and should stay strong as long as commodity prices remain relatively high. We believe our Intelligent Motor Control solutions will be an increasingly important avenue to help our resource-based customers stay competitive
in a global economy.
GLOBALIZATION
Throughout 2006 we expanded our presence in all regions and captured key growth opportunities in Europe, Asia and other international markets. Revenues outside the U.S. totaled 38 percent of our total sales.
In Europe, our sales increased 7 percent, excluding the effect of currency exchange rates, after several years of lackluster performance. We redirected resources from non-value added activities to an intensive focus on selling our integrated architecture, increasing our services revenues and penetrating machine builders (OEMs)
and key vertical industries. This is an excellent example of how our business model allows us to re-invest the savings from our productivity efforts to fuel growth.
  
 “ Throughout 2006 we expanded our presence in all regions and captured key growth opportunities in Europe, Asia and other international markets.”
Our expanding presence in emerging markets, including China, India and Latin America, also yielded tangible results. Our sales in China, which is the second largest market for Logix, grew 24 percent, excluding the effect of currency exchange rates, to over $180 million, while our sales in India grew 11 percent, excluding the effect of currency exchange rates. We continued to see rapid growth in Latin America with sales up 19 percent, excluding the effect of currency exchange rates, primarily due to increased project activity in resource-based industries.
In 2006, we accelerated the next phase of our globalization effort with initiatives that go far beyond sales and support activities. We created our Asia-Pacific Business Center in Singapore and staffed it with key management, engineering, design and production employees.
We also expanded our manufacturing and back office
support capabilities with a new facility in Katowice, Poland. These moves bring us closer to our customers, while improving our operating efficiency.
Additionally, we continued to develop our global vertical industry selling model. In 2006, we added industry-specific domain expertise and increased the number of targeted applications to meet our customers’ business needs across all geographies. We are developing this expertise across many industries with a focus on the food, beverage, automotive, life sciences and consumer goods markets.
Going forward, we are focused on locating manufacturing in lowest cost regions, consistent with technical and customer requirements. The ability to globalize and localize our supply chain better positions Rockwell Automation to meet our customers’ expectations.
5
  
 6
ACQUISITIONS
In addition to these three growth revenue drivers, acquisitions are another important element of our growth strategy. We follow a disciplined process to identify and evaluate potential candidates. We focus on opportunities that allow us to do more for our customers and take advantage of our broad portfolio.
In 2006, we made three strategic acquisitions that filled important gaps in our technology and expanded our ability to deliver solutions to our customers in all parts of the globe. Our acquisition of Datasweep, Inc. provided us with production management software that complements our Logix architecture to provide our customers an integrated solution for optimizing multiple production disciplines. Another acquisition, GEPA mbH, allows us
to connect to and collect data from third-party automation systems. And, to expand our solutions delivery capability in the growing life sciences industry, we acquired Caribbean Integration Engineers, Inc.
COST PRODUCTIVITY AND REINVESTMENT
At Rockwell Automation, we understand that organic growth is neither free nor easy, and requires a long-term commitment throughout economic and industrial cycles. In order to generate funds for reinvestment in growth,
we accelerated and intensified our efforts to enhance productivity, to attack our entire cost base including our end-to-end business processes, and to broaden our use of shared services for greater overall efficiency and effectiveness. We are committed to improving our customers’ experience in all aspects of our business.
Our success to date in instilling a culture that consistently generates three to four percent cost productivity each year has been extremely gratifying. Continuous improvement in all aspects of our business is becoming part of our culture. As we enter 2007, we are sustaining that aggressive approach, allowing us to continue our reinvestment in high return organic growth opportunities.
INTELLECTUAL CAPITAL
Deploying our intellectual and capital resources to the highest returns constitutes the third leg of our business model. Our portfolio of businesses does not require significant investment in buildings or hard assets to support growth. During 2006, we invested in expanding our highly skilled and talented workforce globally to better understand our customers’ business needs and provide innovative solutions to increase their global competitiveness. We increased customer-facing resources with hundreds of new employees in China, India, and Europe.
  
 Our employees also drive the company’s pursuit of operational excellence. Our Six-Sigma and Lean Enterprise efforts generated sufficient incremental capacity to allow us to reduce our physical asset base. In 2007 and beyond, we will add and develop intellectual assets that extend our technology leadership and augment our growing domain expertise.
PROPOSED SALE OF POWER SYSTEMS
In June 2006, we announced our intention to divest our Dodge® mechanical and Reliance ElectricTM motors and motor repair services businesses. Power Systems is a great business with an outstanding management team, strong domain expertise and leading market positions. This decision was made after extensive review that led us to conclude that greater long-term shareowner value would be created by focusing our limited resources on higher return investment opportunities available in our Control Systems businesses.
On November 6, 2006, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell these businesses to Baldor Electric Company (Baldor) for $1.8 billion, comprised of $1.75 billion in cash and $50 million in Baldor common stock.
The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory approval and is expected to close in the second quarter of our fiscal 2007. At the conclusion of this transaction, Rockwell Automation will have an even greater focus on Integrated Architecture and Intelligent Motor Control to provide solutions for our customers’ business needs.
ACTING WITH INTEGRITY AND RESPONSIBILITY
Our company prides itself on integrity and honesty, and we work hard to ensure these values are reflected in the way we conduct our business everyday. I believe these values provide a competitive advantage by defining Rockwell Automation in the eyes of employees, customers and shareowners.
You can be confident that I challenge all of our employees,
and especially our leaders, to set high standards, to lead by example and to act with integrity, which is the foundation
for building trusting relationships. On a daily basis, 7 our 23,000 employees are committed to ensuring that everything we do is guided by the highest ethical standards.
This foundation is well established and a responsibility that we take very seriously.
  
 8
CONFIDENCE IN THE FUTURE
We are pleased with the results we delivered and the shareowner value we generated during 2006, while continuing to transform our company. These results
are a credit to the focus and hard work of our employees around the world. Our incredibly talented workforce and their passion for customer success remain the source of our sustainable long-term competitive differentiation. I am very proud of their commitment and dedication to our customers and our company. It is a key part of our unique culture. All of us are working extremely hard to understand the needs of our customers, develop differentiated products and solutions that respond to those needs and deliver meaningful business benefits and value.
Looking ahead, we must continue to execute our growth and performance business strategy. Our intensive focus on growth across our portfolio, regions, and channels is producing positive results. At the same time, we continue
to benefit from our maturing productivity culture that aggressively drives cost reduction efforts and sustains operating leverage. To remain a successful and prosperous company in the future, I am focused on identifying and developing our next generation leadership talent. The combination of solid organic growth, relentless productivity and continuous improvement, strong cash flow and a management team dedicated to maximizing shareowner value gives me confidence that 2007 will be another good year for Rockwell Automation.
As we begin a new year, we are excited by the many opportunities ahead to realize our tremendous potential as a company. On behalf of Rockwell Automation, I thank you for your ongoing support, and I look forward to the future with great optimism.
Sincerely,
Keith D. Nosbusch,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
   