“OUR VALUE CREATION PROPOSITION HAS BEEN CONSISTENT: TO HELP OUR CUSTOMERS BE MORE PRODUCTIVE AND GLOBALLY COMPETITIVE.”
DEAR SHAREOWNERS
Fiscal 2004 was a significant and gratifying year for Rockwell Automation.
Our financial results were outstanding — across the board.
• Sales growth of 7 percent (excluding the benefit of currency translation);
• Margin improvement of 2.3 points at Control Systems and 1.3 points at Power Systems;
• Segment operating earnings increase of 32 percent;
• Earnings per share from continuing operations of $1.85, up 25 percent; and
• Free cash flow of $499 million (11 percent of sales and 141 percent of income from continuing
operations), reflecting high quality earnings and our continued focus on capital spending discipline.
Our success has been rooted in a consistent, long-term strategy. Over the last several years we have worked hard to position ourselves to benefit from an industrial recovery. Despite the challenges of an economic downturn and volatile markets, we remained committed to the long-term profitable growth of our powerful franchise. We’ve invested in breakthrough products and services for future growth and have made lean enterprise a way of life.
Importantly, we’ve also worked to make our businesses more consistent by investing in capabilities in growing regions of the world, additional vertical industry expertise and in a robust services business that is less dependent on industrial capital spending cycles. This was not an easy path to take at a time of industry disinvestment. Our value creation proposition has been consistent: to help our customers be more productive and globally competitive.
Our strong financial performance in fiscal 2004 confirms the wisdom of our course, and reinforces our overarching goal of consistent and profitable long-term growth.
02

  Don H. Davis, Jr. and Keith D. Nosbusch
03

“I’VE NEVER BEEN MORE CONFIDENT ABOUT THE FUTURE OF THIS COMPANY.”
Four significant initiatives have provided the balanced underpinning for our recent success. They are also the foundation of my confidence in our ability to take further advantage of greater capital spending and other factors driving global manufacturing in the future.
• CREATION OF A PREMIER PRODUCT PORTFOLIO ANCHORED BY LOGIX. Our strong product portfolio, anchored by the unique Integrated Architecture and the Logix control platform, gives us a meaningful global competitive edge. Logix provides manufacturers with the foundation for transforming their factory floor operations by more easily integrating multiple control disciplines as well as providing critical information which links their plant to the global supply chain. Our customers have responded enthusiastically to this market leading system, which we continue to develop and upgrade. To date our investment in Logix exceeds $200 million and the returns have been significant. In 2004, our Logix business grew 30 percent
to over $330 million in sales.
• EXPANSION OF OUR SERVED MARKETS. A few years ago, with Logix as our foundation, we set a goal of expanding our presence in the important hybrid process and manufacturing information solution markets. During 2004, we continued to develop new applications and invest in industry sales resources to build our presence in these areas. We generated sales of $100 million in 2004 as we've demonstrated our domain expertise in life sciences, food and beverage.
• EXTENSION OF OUR GEOGRAPHIC REACH. Our focus on investing in global markets has yielded tangible results. Sales outside the U.S. now exceed 38 percent of our total sales. We are investing in Asia Pacific, with particular emphasis on China. Our sales in China surpassed $100 million, and we are projecting a 30 percent annual growth rate over the next five years. Latin America sales grew by 17 percent, before the effect of currency translation. We have begun investing in infrastructure, sales resources and market access capabilities to accelerate market share gains in Central and Eastern Europe.
04

• IMPLEMENTATION OF LEAN ENTERPRISE MANAGEMENT. While lean enterprise has become a way of life at Rockwell Automation, we continue to target productivity improvements and cost management. This progress is evidenced by our sales per employee which increased from $173 thousand to $213 thousand or 23 percent from 2002-2004.
Fiscal 2004 also marked an important transition for Rockwell Automation. In February, Keith Nosbusch assumed responsibility as chief executive officer after an extraordinarily successful career in our Control Systems business. Keith is exceptionally qualified to lead your company and he heads a management
team as good as there is. Keith will be named Chairman of the Board, effective following our Annual Meeting on February 2, 2005. With Keith at the helm, I am confident that the years to follow will continue to be rewarding for our shareowners.
Finally, I wish to thank you for the opportunity to have served this great company. To current and former Rockwell Automation employees, I thank you for all the encouragement and support you have given me. The 42-year journey I have enjoyed with you has been wonderful. Your hard work, dedication and passion for excellence have been the foundation of the success we have achieved together.
To our investors and others who have followed us, my thanks for your support. I step down as Chairman secure in my belief in the future of our company and the team in place to lead it. This will be my last Annual Report letter as Chairman of Rockwell Automation and I’ve never been more confident about the future
of this company.
DON H. DAVIS, JR.
Chairman of the Board
 05
