                                         ROK 2001
/02/
LETTER TO SHAREOWNERS
Dear Shareowner:
2001 was a pivotal year for Rockwell. With the successful spin-off of Rockwell Collins, we transformed the company into one primarily focused on automation. At the same time, we responded aggressively to an unprecedented industry downturn in the manufacturing economy while preserving our investments in future growth.
Today, as Rockwell Automation, we have the fullest range of industrial automation products and platforms and a growing portfolio of value-added services and manufactur- ing solutions tailored to meet our customers’ needs. We have the global market presence, people and know-how to capture significant revenue and profit opportunities when business investment in the manufacturing sector improves.We are intent on being the most valued global provider of power, control and information solutions for industrial automation.
This past year was very difficult as capital spending in the manufacturing economy suffered a sharp pull-back across
LETTER TO SHAREOWNERS
      
                                         / 03 /
the markets we serve. Business activity in served markets was weak but stable during the first half of the year, but the third quarter saw a pronounced decline in demand, most notably in North America. This unstable environment was further weakened by the uncertainty that followed the tragic terrorist events of September 11th.
We have taken action to respond to the persistent weakness of our markets and continued economic uncertainty. Since June, we have consolidated and closed facilities, realigned administrative functions and reduced our worldwide work- force by approximately 9%. We remain committed to maintaining our competitive strength by balancing the appropriate level of cost reduction with investments in future growth.
In fiscal 2001, Rockwell Automation earned $0.94 per share, before special items, on revenues of $4.3 billion. These amounts are down significantly from the prior year, due almost entirely to the adverse market conditions. At the same time, however, we managed to generate $178 million of free cash flow, maintained operating margins of 11% and invested over $170 million in R&D and new growth initiatives. We also benefited from the relative strength of our international operations, which accounted for 33% of total revenue.
        
                                         ROK 2001 /04/
In sum, after 39 years in this business, I can tell you this environment is the toughest I have ever seen. I can also tell you that it will improve, and when it does, we will be ready. We are confident in the significant upside we will realize as we capitalize on Rockwell Automation’s considerable operating leverage. We have made significant investments in our Global Manufacturing Solutions business including the addition of new people and expertise. This investment lessens our dependency on the industrial capital spending cycle, and we will benefit from a strengthening economy.
We remain focused on our strategy for profitable growth. We will continue to drive the Rockwell Lean Enterprise throughout our organization. We are investing to optimize our core automation product and platform offerings, and we are making good on our commitment to expand that core by taking decades of manufacturing know-how and transforming it into a high value-added and fast-growing services business. We will continue to seek out strategic partnerships and acquisitions that will enable us to expand our reach into new markets, new customers and new regions of the world.
I have spent a lot of time over the past year talking with our customers. What I have heard, consistently, is that they are focused on ways to reduce time to market, increase asset productivity, outsource non-core functions and activ-
      
                                         / 05 /
ities, cut energy costs and increase their efficiency and reliability. As a company focused on industrial automation products, services and solutions, those are the areas where we bring value to our global customer base of world leading manufacturers.
Our customers also tell us that they require integrated control and information solutions that seamlessly connect automation products, both at the plant level and with their business systems. We have the building blocks in place to help manufacturers around the world. Over the past several years, we have invested over $100 million in our Logix integrated control and information architecture. It has been successfully deployed and well received by our customers as evidenced by a growth rate of over 50% in 2001. Our expanded services capabilities now include technical support services, human performance/training, asset management, engineered solutions, manufacturing information, software and consulting services.
Finally, following a return to profitability in 2001, Rockwell Electronic Commerce’s contact center business is well- positioned to meet the current and future needs of our customers.
In planning for the year ahead, we have taken great care to base our forecasts and strategies on what we know and what we can control. It’s a fact that we cannot control the
        
                                          ROK 2001 /06/
economy. But Rockwell has never been about what we cannot do - it’s about what we can do. We can control our costs. We can control the strength of our customer relationships. We can control the quality of the integrated products, services and solutions we are developing for the next wave of our company’s growth. My commitment to you is that what we can do, we will do.
Our industry is in the midst of a transformation. In the early 1970’s Rockwell was at the forefront of the industry with our electro-mechanical products. In the 1980’s we were at the forefront of the move toward the PLC platform and related products and systems. Rockwell Automation today is at the forefront of the movement to integrated services and solutions.
We remain confident in Rockwell Automation and optimistic about the future. Thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Don H. Davis, Jr.
Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
       