Letter to Shareowners

Dear Shareowner:

Although fiscal 2002 was a difficult year, Rockwell Automation is better positioned today than I have seen it in my 40 years in this industry. We took actions to reduce costs and improve the efficiency of our operations. At the same time, we invested in initiatives that strengthened our market position. We emerged with a leaner cost structure, a more productive enterprise and a market presence in automation control and information technology that is second to none. With these capabilities, I would not trade places with anyone else in our industry. In 2002, Rockwell Automation executed on our many productivity initiatives which had a significant impact and resulted in improved operating margins. Additionally, we generated $372 million of free cash flow, a 109

02 | 03

Rockwell Automation is better positioned today than I have seen it in my 40 years in this industry.

percent increase. We are pleased with our performance in this difficult environment. Our goal is to capitalize on our hard work and drive future performance, regardless of market conditions. Today, we operate in a world that demands the highest quality products at globally competitive pricing. To be successful, manufacturers must reduce costs, improve productivity, and reduce time to market. Throughout our 100 year history of serving the manufacturing industry, we have developed a large customer base and world-class expertise in applying automation technology to improve manufacturing operations. We provide these customers with one of the broadest suites of automation products, services and solutions of anyone in the industry.

We will achieve global competitive positioning by driving Rockwell Lean Enterprise throughout the organization to become the lowest total cost supplier.

Moving forward we will continue to focus on solutions to satisfy our existing customers and attract new customers in our expanding industrial markets and geographies. We will achieve global competitive positioning by driving Rockwell Lean Enterprise throughout the organization to become the lowest total cost supplier. And we will continue to have our employees engaged around the world to build value for our customers and shareowners. Throughout Rockwell Automation, we are extending our product capabilities, accelerating value to our customers and expanding our global reach ­ consistent strategies of our Control Systems, Power Systems and FirstPoint Contact businesses.

04 | 05

Logix Sales

(in millions)

CAGR 50%
$51 $82 $132 $174

1999 2000 2001 2002

0

100

200

Integrated Architecture ­ Extending our Product Capabilities At the core of our strategy is the LogixTM integrated control and information architecture. Our Logix architecture gives customers the ability to integrate multiple control disciplines, such as discrete, motion, process, drives and safety on a single platform. The Logix architecture also allows our customers to collect and use plant floor data to enhance manufacturing and supply chain processes and make more effective real-time business decisions. Simply put, Logix is revolutionizing the way manufacturing is done.

Acquisitions
ANORAD EJA ENTEK

1999

2000

DYNAPRO

ETG

SYSTEMS MODELING

Our integrated control and information architecture has achieved a compound annual growth rate of 50 percent since we introduced the Logix product line in 1999. Today, we are extending the capabilities of our Logix products for customers in the packaging, material handling, life sciences and semiconductor markets. Global Manufacturing Solutions ­ Accelerating Value to our Customers Also fundamental to our approach is our focus on providing solutions that improve manufacturing operations. Our Global Manufacturing Solutions business helps companies provide quality products faster and at a lower cost. GMS helps our customers optimize manufacturing, improve plant uptime and reduce time-to-market, all of which enables plants to be more productive. Customers have responded enthusiastically. Despite soft market conditions, GMS produced solid revenue growth in 2002.

06 | 07

SEQUENCIA

TESCH

SAMSUNG CONTROLLER BUSINESS

2001

2002

PROPACK DATA

SPEL

Strategic Acquisitions ­ Expanding our Global Reach In 2002, Rockwell Automation made four strategic acquisitions to fill product, technology and geographic gaps. Tesch (Germany) ­ Strengthened our safety product portfolio and increased our European market presence. Propack Data (Germany) ­ Expanded our presence in the life sciences, food and beverage, and specialty chemicals markets. Samsung (Korea) ­ With the acquisition of the controller division of Samsung's Mechatronics business, the new Rockwell Samsung Automation offers a world-class product development and manufacturing center in the Asia Pacific region. Spel (Czech Republic) ­ Expanded our Global Manufacturing Solutions presence into Central Europe.

Maintaining your confidence is important to our management team.

Rockwell Automation Power Systems had an excellent year with profits up over 35 percent, despite difficult market conditions and declining sales. The business implemented aggressive programs to improve profitability and expand the group's product and service offerings. Productivity, quality, and delivery improvements, as well as the continued execution of Power Lean® initiatives, contributed to the improved earnings results. Power Systems' focus on its service business, including asset management, power maintenance and Lean consulting offerings, resulted in strong revenue growth in this area of the business. Power Systems began the assembly and repair of power transmission products in Shanghai,

08 | 09

which expanded its presence to the Asia Pacific market. These efforts, combined with the successful introduction of new gearing, motor and drive products, have positioned Power Systems for future growth. Our FirstPoint Contact customer contact solutions business maintained profitability despite continued severe declines in its telecommunications markets. Having completed its transition to an open software environment and through increasing engagement with strategic partners, FirstPoint Contact is well positioned to respond to new customer requirements. Maintaining your confidence is important to our management team. No message from me would be complete without addressing the timely

Our strategy is sound, and our successful execution of that strategy will drive success for our customers, for our company, and for our shareowners.

issue of trust. Our company prides itself on integrity and honesty. We work hard to ensure these values are reflected in our governance structures and in the way we conduct our business every day. You can be confident in our continued integrity, which I expect of every person in our organization. On a daily basis our 22,000 employees, representing a diverse population from 46 countries, build value for our customers and shareowners through pursuing excellence, driving innovation and responding to customer needs with speed and efficiency. In closing, I am proud of the performance turned in by this management team in these difficult market conditions and I am very optimistic about

10 | 11

the long-term prospects for your company. Our strategy is sound, and our successful execution of that strategy will drive success for our customers, for our company and for our shareowners. Sincerely,

Don H. Davis, Jr. Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer

