 To Our Shareowners
Rockwell Automation continues to be a great investment. With our singular
focus on industrial automation and information, we are well positioned to take advantage of the attractive long-term growth opportunities available in this market. That’s good news for our investors. As an intellectual capital business that’s built on sustainable competitive differentiation, we can deliver best-in-class return on invested capital and generate excellent free cash flow.
Keith D. Nosbusch Chairman & CEO
As Rockwell Automation began fiscal 2015, we anticipated moderate growth for the year. But the year turned
out much differently than we had expected. Oil prices declined significantly, and as the U.S. dollar strengthened, currency translation reduced sales. The sales growth we predicted for the second half of the year didn’t materialize due to weakening industrial production.
Despite these difficult market conditions, we ended the year with 1 percent organic growth. Our sales were down 5 percent to $6.3 billion including the negative impact of currency translation. Strong productivity contributed to 3.7 percent growth in Adjusted EPS despite lower sales.
Other bright spots in the year included: Segment operating margin expanded 120 basis points over last year and free cash flow conversion was excellent, resulting in record free cash flow of about $1.1 billion. Return on invested capital of almost 33 percent was also a fiscal year record.
We executed well in a challenging environment. I attribute this to the strength of our people, deep domain expertise, relentless focus on innovation and passion for helping our customers succeed.
I thank our employees, partners and suppliers for their dedication and commitment to the success of Rockwell Automation and our customers.
Total Shareowner Return
   $350
$250
$150
$50
2008 2009
2010 2011 2012 2013
Fiscal Year Ended September 30 Rockwell Automation S&P 500 Index
2014 2015
  Delivering Long-Term Value
We have outperformed the S&P 500 since the end of fiscal 2008 and delivered 18.2 percent annualized return to our shareowners versus 9.8 percent for the S&P 500. We attribute this performance to our above-market sales growth, earnings leverage, superior return on invested capital and a disciplined approach to cash deployment.
3
      
 4
Leading global provider of industrial power, control and information solutions
We deliver best-in-class operating returns and return on invested capital because of our focus on organic growth and intellectual capital. Just as we help our customers drive productivity, we challenge ourselves to do the same every year.
We also have a strong track record of returning cash
to our shareowners. On Nov. 10, 2015, we increased
our dividend by 12 percent, the seventh double-digit percentage increase since the beginning of 2010. Between dividends and share repurchases, we returned over $950 million of cash to our shareowners during 2015, a 19 percent increase compared to 2014.
Cash Returned to Shareowners
Funding acquisitions that catalyze organic growth enables us to do more for our customers and improve our offering. In fiscal 2015, we acquired ESC Services, a global leader in lockout-tagout services and solutions.
Differentiation. Diversification. Delivering Business Value.
Today, we are the world’s largest company dedicated to industrial automation and information. We have differentiated our company through innovation, deep domain expertise, and a culture of integrity and corporate responsibility.
We provide products, solutions and services across a very wide spectrum of industries — from automotive and consumer packaged goods to a broad range of heavy industries. This diversification has been key to our success.
Our focus on innovation is evident from our strong pipeline of new products, services and solutions.
We launched a large number of new products this year. Also, we are evolving our industry-leading integrated control and information architecture into a high-performance architecture that is helping our customers realize transformational business value today.
Rockwell Automation
At A Glance
$6.3B FISCAL 2015 SALES
22,500 EMPLOYEES
ACROSS ALL INDUSTRIES
OVER 80 COUNTRIES
• Innovation SERVING • Domain expertise
CUSTOMERS • Culture of integrity & FOR 112 YEARS corporate responsibility
$1,000.0 $800.0 $600.0 $400.0 $200.0
$0.0
(dollars in millions)
2011 2012
Dividends
2013 2014 2015
Repurchases
Returned $3.5 billion of free cash flow over the last 5 years

And because no company can be everything to everyone, we work with great partners. We have market-making channel partners that include the best distributors in the industry and have built trusted partnerships with industry leaders like Cisco, Microsoft, AT&T, Endress+Hauser, Panduit and Fanuc to expand our capabilities.
We have attractive growth opportunities that will yield long-term, above-market growth. We estimate our served market to be more than $90 billion today and the macro trends that we’ve referenced over the past few years are now characterized as disruptions by McKinsey.
Four Disruptions
 URBANIZATION
AGING WORLD
GREATER GLOBAL FLOWS
                65 million
 Urban population growing by 65 million every year
Expect a 150% increase in emerging market annual consumption from 2010 to 2030
Respond to growing demand for consumer goods and energy
One trillion objects expected to connect to the Internet by 2025
Secure access to information anywhere, anytime
Increase in the share of older workers in the workforce — 14% in 2010 to 22% in 2030
Fill skills gap and greater need for productivity to sustain GDP growth
5x
A 5X increase in global trade and financial flows from 1990 to 2012
Enterprise-wide optimization
   DISRUPTION
TRENDS
OUR CUSTOMERS’ NEEDS
ACCELERATING TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE
        Source: No Ordinary
Disruption: The Four Global Forces Breaking All the Trends, McKinsey & Company, May 2015
        We have the innovation, core platforms and domain expertise to serve our customers – whatever they need, wherever they are
Our Solution:
These disruptive trends are changing the face of work across the world for all companies. For Rockwell Automation, they reinforce the longer-term global growth opportunities for industrial automation and information. We are well positioned and ready to help our customers adapt to and capitalize on these disruptions.
  5
        
 The four disruptions, combined with contemporary technology advances — from smart industrial assets that generate more data than ever to mobility platforms that bring information into the hands of those who need it most — make it easy to see that our customers’ needs are changing.
They want a secure industrial automation and information network infrastructure and unified communications for enterprise-wide connectivity and collaboration. Through the transformation of data into actionable information, they want to make faster and more informed decisions and realize unprecedented gains in productivity, sustainability and competitiveness.
In short, they want The Connected Enterprise, our vision for the future of industrial automation and information. The Connected Enterprise
Our vision of The Connected Enterprise is focused on rapid value creation for our customers. It is enabled by integrated control and information and leverages contemporary technologies such as mobility, data analytics and cloud computing.
Imagine an environment where industrial operations are integrated, optimized, collaborative, and secure at the machine level through the enterprise level and across the supply chain while connecting remote operations, assets and users. This environment is called The Connected Enterprise, bringing together people, processes and technologies to drive greater productivity and sustainability for unprecedented results.
We deliver The Connected Enterprise through Integrated Control and Information and our three core platforms: Integrated Architecture, Intelligent Motor Control and Solutions & Services, allowing us to create a smarter, more productive and secure environment.
                       6
Integrated Architecture Intelligent Motor Control Solutions & Services
  
  In this secure environment with reliable real-time information, customers can make better, smarter, faster decisions.
By integrating advanced technology into our core platforms, we are providing more powerful solutions that deliver greater business value to our customers. In the following pages you’ll see how the significant investments we’ve made in innovation have evolved our integrated architecture into a high-performance architecture, bringing The Connected Enterprise from vision to implementation.
Our Strong Foundation
We are building our future on a strong foundation. With 112 years behind us, we have a track record of strong market leadership, an unwavering customer focus and a commitment to innovation.
We operate in an attractive market and we are solely focused on industrial automation and information. It’s our only business, and it’s what we do every day.
  Our experienced leadership team is adept at managing in all market conditions and our 22,500 global employees are keenly focused on executing our strategy. You have my commitment that we will continue to work hard to deliver above-market returns for your investment.
      We are proud that for the seventh time, Ethisphere Institute has named Rockwell Automation as one of the “World’s Most Ethical Companies,” a recognition that honors organizations that continue to raise the bar on ethical leadership and corporate behavior.
                                                           7
