to our stockholders
We are pleased to report that our ongoing ability
to deliver compelling bargains drove another year of
solid sales and earnings growth in 2008. This was
especially noteworthy considering that these results 10% were achieved in one of the most difficult business
climates on record.
9%
 Efficient execution of our resilient and flexible off-price strategies enabled us to navigate successfully through the very challenging retail landscape. Our merchandise assortments benefited from the huge amount of close-out opportunities
in the marketplace, helping us to deliver a consistent flow of sharply-priced, fresh and exciting name-brand fashions for the family and the home. Equally important was our discipline in operating the business with leaner in-store inventories to drive faster turns
and reduced markdowns.
Record Sales and Earnings
For the 52 weeks ended January 31, 2009, sales increased 9% to a record $6.5 billion, with same store sales up 2% for the year. Dresses and Shoes were the best performing merchandise categories in 2008, while the Mid-Atlantic and Texas regions had the highest same store sales gains.
Net earnings for the year grew 17% to a record $305.4 million, up from $261.1 million in 2007. Earnings per share rose 23% to $2.33 from $1.90 in the prior year. Operating margin increased about 60 basis points to 7.6%. Our improved profitability was driven mainly by better merchandise gross margin and lower distribution and shortage costs as a percent of sales. These favorable trends were partially offset by some deleveraging pressure on occupancy and store operating costs as well as higher incentive plan expenses as a percent of sales.
12%
14%
2
23%
32% Ladies
23% Home Accents, Bed and Bath
14% Men’s
12% Accessories, Lingerie, Fine Jewelry, Fragrances 10% Shoes
9% Children’s
Efficient Inventory Management
Boosts Profitability
As we ended 2008, consolidated inventories were down about 14% from the prior year, as an 18% decline in average in-store inventories was partially offset by an increase in the number of stores. We are planning to further reduce in-store inventories in 2009, with average levels targeted down in the double digit percentage range compared to the prior year.
Operating the business on lower inventory
levels enables us to get more fresh and exciting merchandise in front of the customer. As we saw with our 2008 results, it also drives faster inventory turn, which typically results in lower markdowns and higher merchandise gross margin.
We believe this ongoing focus on tight inventory management will enhance our ability to meet, or possibly exceed, our financial targets in what we expect will be another very challenging year in 2009.
32%

Expansion Continues as Planned
We added 66 net new stores in 2008, for a 7% increase in units. This growth included 72 new Ross Dress for Less and five new dd’s DISCOUNTS locations. After closing eleven existing stores, we ended 2008 with a total of 956 locations in 27 states and Guam.
Over the next year, we are planning total unit expansion of about 5%, consisting of approximately 50 new Ross and four new dd’s locations. As usual, we plan to close a small percentage of locations during the year.
dd’s DISCOUNTS
We are pleased to report that business trends at
dd’s DISCOUNTS strengthened, especially in the latter part of 2008, as customers responded favorably to our competitive value offerings. Five of the eleven store closures noted above were dd’s DISCOUNTS locations, where we concluded that the demographics were
not a good fit for this business.
Overall, we are encouraged with the progress we
are seeing at dd’s DISCOUNTS. We have an improved understanding today of this customer and have fine tuned our merchandise offerings to better meet their wants and needs. Going forward, we will continue to strengthen our assortments with attractive and compelling values that appeal to this budget-conscious shopper. We believe these measures will enhance our ability to continue to improve the sales and profitability of this young chain over the longer term.
Healthy Cash Flows Fund Growth
and Enhance Stockholder Returns
Operating cash flows in 2008 continued to provide
the necessary resources to fund new store growth and infrastructure improvements. We invested $224 million in capital including about $105 million to open new locations and renovate existing stores and about
$95 million for distribution network projects.
$350
 $234 $241 $200$206
Cash Returned to Stockholders
$ Millions
04 05 06 07 08
We ended the year with $322 million in cash and short-term investments and $150 million in long-term debt.
We also continued to return cash to stockholders through our stock repurchase and dividend programs. In 2008, we repurchased 9.3 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $300 million and plan to complete the remaining $300 million repurchase authorization in 2009. In January 2009,
our Board of Directors approved a 16% increase in
our quarterly cash dividend to $.11 per common
share. On an annual basis, this represents our
15th consecutive dividend increase.
On Track with Micro-Merchandising Rollout
Micro-merchandising is an important initiative that consists of new system enhancements and process changes that are designed to improve our ability to plan, buy and allocate product at a more local level.
We recently completed as planned the initial chain-wide rollout to about 15% of the merchandise classes
in our stores. We are pleased to report that the rollout went smoothly and that these new systems and processes are working as planned.
3

  During 2009, we expect to roll out micro- merchandising to another 50% of the merchandise categories in our stores, with the remaining 35% rolled out in 2010. It is difficult to quantify the benefit from this new initiative, especially with only 15% of our merchandise categories on the new platform during the last six months of fiscal 2008. That said, we remain confident that over the longer term these new tools will drive gradual improvement in sales and profitability, not only in our newer markets but also across the chain.
Resilient and Flexible Off-Price Business Model
Despite the very tough economic and retail climate,
we were able to deliver strong sales and earnings growth in 2008. More importantly, these gains were achieved with better-than-expected merchandise gross margins that enabled us to leverage a 2% increase in comparable store sales into strong 23% earnings per share growth for the year. These results, especially compared to the vast majority of other retailers, reflect the resilience and flexibility of our off-price business model when it is executed well.
We remain confident that our ability to deliver compelling bargains will continue to resonate with an increasingly value-driven consumer. Our ongoing focus on efficiently executing our off-price strategies will remain the key to maximizing our prospects for sales and earnings growth while optimizing stockholder returns over both the short and long term.
In Memoriam
In closing, we fondly commemorate the life of our Founder and Chairman Emeritus Stuart Moldaw, who passed away in 2008. The indelible legacy of his vision, strong leadership and countless contributions will live on through the ongoing success of our Company. From the original six Ross Dress for Less stores that were opened in 1982, we have grown
to 956 locations. His early foresight and outstanding business acumen were instrumental to this growth and to creating opportunities for the over 40,000 Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS associates today.
Finally, we want to acknowledge and thank all
of our business partners, including our associates, customers, vendors and investors. Their valuable contributions and commitment to Ross Stores remain critical drivers of our continued success.
Sincerely,
Michael Balmuth
Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Norman A. Ferber
Chairman of the Board
  4
