To Our Stockholders:
We celebrated a special milestone in 2007 — our 25th anniversary — with record sales and earnings for the year. We believe that our ability to deliver compelling bargains to customers allowed us to successfully navigate the challenging economic climate. Our solid performance is a testament to the resilience of our off-price business model.
Record Sales and Earnings
We generated sales of $6.0 billion for the 52 weeks ended February 2, 2008, a 7% increase over the $5.6 billion for the
53 weeks ended February 3, 2007. Comparable store sales in 2007 grew 1% on top of a 4% gain in the prior year. Our
strongest markets for same store sales gains were the Northwest and Texas, while Dresses, Home and Shoes were our top
performing merchandise categories.
We took steps to strengthen our overall merchandise assortments in 2007 by improving the fashion and brand content
across our core men’s and ladies’ businesses, while expanding the assortments in accessories as well as the home and
gift-giving categories. We saw some progress during the year and expect additional benefits in 2008.
Net earnings in 2007 grew to $261.1 million, up from $241.6 million in the prior year. Earnings per share were $1.90, compared to $1.70 in 2006, which included earnings equivalent to about $.07 per share from the 53rd week. On a 52-week comparable basis, our 2007 earnings per share increased a solid 17% from 2006.
Operating margin was 7.0% in 2007, up 5 basis points over fiscal 2006, which included approximately 20 basis points of leverage related to the 53rd week. This improvement was driven primarily by better merchandise gross margin and lower shrink and corporate expenses, partially offset by higher occupancy and store operating costs as a percent
of sales.
As we ended the year, consolidated inventories were down about 3%, while in-store inventories were down about
9% on an average store basis. We believe that leaner inventory levels contributed to faster inventory turns and lower markdowns, while enhancing the flow of fresh and exciting name brand bargains to our stores — a key driver of customer traffic. As we move into 2008, we will continue to focus on driving faster inventory turns with lower levels of in-store inventory.
3
Store Expansion at Ross and dd’s DISCOUNTS
We added 93 net new stores in 2007, for 12% unit growth. Net openings consisted of 67 Ross Dress for Less and 26 dd’s DISCOUNTS, and we ended the year with 890 locations in 27 states and Guam. This growth was partially
driven by the opportunistic real estate acquisition of approximately 40 former Albertsons sites in late 2006.
We doubled the size of the dd’s DISCOUNTS chain with 26 new stores in 2007. This accelerated growth included
our initial entry into three new states — Arizona, Florida and Texas — where we now operate a combined total
of 16 locations. While the 26 dd’s DISCOUNTS stores in California that were open as of the end of 2006 performed in line with expectations in 2007, the new stores we opened during the year — in particular those in our new
states — underperformed our targets. We currently are working to gain a better understanding of the dd’s DISCOUNTS customer, especially in our new
markets. In particular, we are looking at how the demographics we serve in the new states we recently entered might differ somewhat from our California locations. We believe this knowledge will enable us to do a better job of fine-tuning our assortments to more effectively address the merchandise wants and needs of our dd’s DISCOUNTS customers, leading to improved performance across all of our stores. Over the next year, we are targeting total unit expansion of about 8%, consisting of approximately 65 to 70 net new Ross locations — all in existing states — and about five new dd’s DISCOUNTS stores in California.
Strong Cash Flows Fund Growth and Enhance Stockholder Returns
Operating cash flows in 2007 continued to provide the necessary resources to fund new store growth and infrastructure improvements. We invested a total of about $236 million in capital including $110 million to open new

stores and about $60 million for our distribution network. We ended the year with $264 million in cash and short-term investments and $150 million in long-term debt.
We also continued to return cash to stockholders through our stock repurchase and dividend programs. In 2007,
we repurchased 6.9 million shares for an aggregate purchase price of $200 million, completing our two-year
$400 million program.
In January 2008, our Board of Directors approved a new two-year $600 million stock repurchase program. This represented a 50% increase over our prior program, reflecting our confidence in the long-term prospects of our business. At the same time, our Board authorized a 27% increase in the quarterly cash dividend to $.095 per share, our
14th consecutive annual dividend increase.
Outlook for 2008 and Beyond
We believe that our value-focused business strategies will continue to enhance our ability to deliver respectable sales and earnings growth in the coming year. Because we buy closer to need, we can operate with leaner inventory
levels which increases our ability to take advantage of great close-out opportunities. As an off-price retailer, the upside for us in more difficult environments is our ability to take advantage of an abundance of great bargains in the marketplace like we are doing today. As a result, we have been able to manage successfully through both healthy and challenging economic climates, because bargains are always in style. For this reason, we usually experience less
volatility in our financial results than a comparable full-price retailer.
From 2008 through 2010, we will be gradually rolling out the next phase of micro-merchandising, consisting of
new systems enhancements and related process changes. We believe that over time, this initiative will lead to improvements in sales and profitability by enhancing our ability to plan, buy and allocate product at a more local, or even store, level.
Until we complete this rollout, we plan to target new store growth in our most productive existing markets, with unit expansion of about 5% to 6% planned for 2009 and 2010. We believe this more moderate and focused growth will enhance new store productivity and profitability and, along with our ongoing stock repurchase program, maximize our prospects for both earnings growth and improved stockholder returns over the next few years. To sum up, we have a solid strategic focus of delivering bargains that sustains our business across a wide spectrum
of economic climates. We are pleased with the progress we made in 2007 and are confident and optimistic about our prospects for continued growth and profitability in 2008 and beyond.
We want to acknowledge and thank all of our business partners, including our associates, customers, vendors and investors. Their valuable contributions have been a key ingredient to our growth and accomplishments over the past 25 years. More importantly, they remain a critical driver of our future success. Sincerely,
Michael Balmuth
Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Norman A. Ferber Chairman of the Board
