to our stockholders
march 21, 2007
Delivering bargains remained our core strategy and focus in 2006, driving ongoing growth and results for the year:
• We continued to do what we do best—delivering bargains every day to our customers.
• We also continued to expand our footprint—adding 63 net new locations to end the year with 797 stores
in 27 states and Guam.
• And we delivered results, including double-digit total sales growth, a record level of net earnings and a 25%
increase in earnings per share, which was well above our 15% to 20% target.
Solid Gains in Sales and Earnings
We are pleased with the progress we made in iscal 2006. Revenues rose 13% to a record $5.6 billion, with comparable store sales up 4% on top of a 6% increase in 2005. Geographic and merchandise trends were relatively broad-based during the year. Our strongest markets were the Southwest, mid-Atlantic and Texas, and our top performing merchandise categories were Home and Shoes.
During 2006, net earnings grew to a record $241.6 million, from $199.6 million in the prior year. Earnings per share
rose 25% to $1.70, compared to $1.36 for 2005. Results for 2006 include an extra week that added about $88 million in revenue and $.07 in earnings per share, partially offset by stock option-related expenses equivalent to about $.06 per share recognized in connection with adoption of FAS 123(R). Adjusting for the 53rd week and stock option-related expenses, earnings per share increased 24% in 2006 compared to 2005.
Operating Initiatives Drive Improved Proitability
In 2006, we made progress across several areas of our business:
• We completed implementation of engineered standards in our distribution centers, which drove improved productivity in these facilities and lower distribution costs as a percent of sales.
• The roll out of our shortage control initiatives early in the year contributed to reduced shrink expense.
• After adjusting inventory for supply chain eficiencies early in the year, we were able to realize lower markdowns
as a percent of sales in the second half, leading to improvement in merchandise gross margin during 2006.
• These supply chain eficiencies also allowed us to get product into our stores more quickly and to operate on
less total inventory investment, enhancing our cash position and interest income.
 13

   As a result, in addition to healthy sales gains, earnings beneited from a 40 basis point increase in operating margin and better-than-expected interest income. Our improved proitability was mainly driven by higher gross margin, as decreases in markdowns, distribution costs and shrink accrual as a percent of sales more than offset increases in freight and stock option-related costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of sales remained lat compared to 2005, mainly due to leverage from the 53rd week that was offset by stock option-related costs.
Ongoing Progress at dd’s DISCOUNTS
We continued to roll out our dd’s DISCOUNTS concept in 2006, opening six stores in California during the year. dd’s is a new concept that we launched in the third quarter of 2004. The bargain emphasis is on more moderately-priced assort- ments of irst-quality, in-season, name-brand and fashion apparel, accessories, footwear and home merchandise for the entire family at everyday savings of 20% to 70% off moderate department and discount store regular prices.
Sales and proit trends at dd’s DISCOUNTS in 2006 were better than expected and also showed improvement over the prior year. We believe that our solid inancial performance to date at dd’s DISCOUNTS conirms that we have identiied a customer segment that we were not reaching with our core Ross concept.
Although costs associated with our strategic investment in separate buying and distribution functions for this business continued to create a modest drag on earnings, the impact in 2006 was less than expected. Looking ahead, we estimate that dd’s can achieve break-even proitability when the business reaches 80 to 100 locations.
Strong Cash Flows Fund Growth and Enhance Stockholder Returns
Operating cash lows in 2006 continued to provide the resources to fund new store growth and infrastructure improve- ments. We invested about $224 million in capital to add 57 net new Ross and six dd’s DISCOUNTS stores and made ongoing investments in systems and distribution, including $87 million to acquire our Fort Mill, South Carolina distribution center from the lessor. We also repaid a $50 million term loan that was used to inance equipment and systems at our Perris, California distribution center. We ended the year with $373 million in cash and short-term investments and $150 million in unsecured senior note debt.
We continued to return cash to shareholders through our share repurchase and dividend programs. We repurchased 7.1 million shares during the year for an aggregate purchase price of $200 million as part of our two-year $400 million pro- gram authorized by our Board of Directors in November 2005. We expect to complete the remaining $200 million stock repurchase authorization in iscal 2007.
14

  In addition, a total of $34 million of cash dividends was paid to stockholders during the year. In January 2007, the Board approved a 25% increase to our quarterly dividend to $.075 per share, our 13th consecutive annual dividend increase.
Targeting Accelerated Unit Growth in 2007
We plan to open about 90 net new stores in 2007, for 11% to 12% unit growth, including 63 Ross Dress for Less and 27 dd’s DISCOUNTS. This accelerated expansion program is partially driven by the opportunistic real estate acquisition we made in the latter part of 2006. We are taking over the leases of about 40 former Albertsons sites, all in established top- performing markets including California, Florida, Texas, Arizona, Colorado and Oklahoma.
About half of the 40 former Albertsons sites are planned to reopen as Ross Dress for Less stores and half as dd’s DISCOUNTS. The solid progress we made in 2006 with dd’s DISCOUNTS gives us the conidence to take advantage of this real estate transaction to more than double the number of dd’s DISCOUNTS stores in 2007, including its initial entry into the Sunbelt states of Arizona, Florida and Texas, markets that we know well and where we have a signiicant Ross Dress for Less presence.
Celebrating 25 Years With a Focus on Future Opportunities
We will reach a special milestone in 2007—our 25th anniversary. We began this business in 1982 by offering great bargains on name-brand fashions for the entire family in six stores in the San Francisco Bay Area. Our continued success depends on our ability to offer our customers attractive bargains—but today we do that in over 800 locations.
We could not have accomplished this tremendous achievement without the contributions of our associates, customers, vendors and investors, and we thank them for their continued dedication and support.
As we look to the future, we try to do so with the same excitement and entrepreneurial spirit of 25 years ago. Even though the complexities of operating our business have increased along with our size, we know that staying focused on our core strategy of delivering bargains to our customers will remain the key to maximizing our prospects for future growth and proitability.
Sincerely,
Michael Balmuth
Vice Chairman, President and Chief Executive Oficer
Norman A. Ferber Chairman of the Board
  15
