  to our stockholders
29% Ladies
25% Home Accents, Bed and Bath 13% Men’s
13% Accessories, Lingerie,
Fine Jewelry, Fragrances 12% Shoes
8% Children’s
8% 12%
13%
13%
25%
29%
2
Our continued focus on delivering more stores, more brands, and more bargains was the primary driver of our robust sales and earnings growth
in 2011. This strong financial performance also reflects our ongoing ability to execute our off-price strategies across all areas of the business, with a commitment to offering exceptional values every day to our customers.
2011 EPS Up 24% on Top of a 31%
Gain in 2010
We achieved another year of record results in 2011, which was especially noteworthy on top of outstanding multi-year gains. For the 52 weeks ended January 28, 2012, sales increased 9% to $8.6 billion, with same store sales up 5% on top of 5% and 6% gains in the prior two years.
Net earnings for the year grew 18% to $657.2 million, up from $554.8 million in 2010. Earnings per share rose to $2.86, compared to a split- adjusted $2.31 in the prior year. This represented a 24% gain on top of 31% and 52% increases in fiscal 2010 and 2009, respectively.
Operating margin in 2011 grew to a record 12.4%, up 85 basis points on top of 140 and 250 basis point gains in the prior two years. The main drivers of this significant improvement in profitability were higher merchandise gross margin and leverage on operating expenses from our strong sales gains.
Expansion into New Markets
Accelerated Store Growth
As planned, net unit growth increased to 7% in 2011, up from 5% in the prior year. This expansion included 70 net new stores, consisting of 49
Ross Dress for Less and 21 dd’s DISCOUNTS locations. We ended the year with a combined total of 1,125 locations in 29 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam.
We made our initial entry into the Midwest region in October 2011, with 12 new Ross Dress for Less stores opening in the greater Chicago area. We are excited about the long-term growth opportunities in Chicago and other Midwest markets, based on their healthy population densities and favorable demographics that are
in line with our target customer.
dd’s DISCOUNTS also entered a number of new markets in 2011, including Houston, San Diego, and the District of Columbia, as well as Jacksonville and Fort Myers, Florida.
For 2012, we are planning similar percentage unit growth and expect to open about 80 additional locations. This expansion will include approximately 60 Ross Dress for Less and 20 dd’s DISCOUNTS stores, with about one-third of these openings targeted for new markets.

    We remain excited about our long-term opportunities for store growth and continue to believe Ross can grow to at least 1,500 stores and dd’s DISCOUNTS can eventually become a chain of about 500 stores. This means that combined, we have the potential to almost double the size of our Company domestically.
Improved Profits and Continued
Growth at dd’s DISCOUNTS
dd’s DISCOUNTS continued to deliver solid sales gains in 2011. It also generated significant increases in operating profit compared to 2010, when this business realized its first year of positive earnings.
Similar to Ross, dd’s DISCOUNTS has benefited by delivering a faster flow of fresh and exciting product to our stores while operating on lower inventory levels. Its improved performance also reflects that dd’s DISCOUNTS’ value-focused merchandise offerings continue to resonate
well with its target customer.
Healthy Cash Flows Continued to Self-Fund Growth and Enhance Stockholder Returns
Operating cash flows in 2011 continued to provide the necessary resources to fund new store growth and infrastructure improvements.
We invested $416 million of capital during the year, including approximately $235 million to open new locations and renovate existing stores, and about $181 million mainly for distribution infrastructure and information technology projects. We ended fiscal 2011 with $650 million in cash and short-term investments and $150 million in long-term debt.
For fiscal 2012, capital expenditures are expected to increase to approximately $450 million to support our plans for store growth as well as our investment over the next three years in two new distribution centers. Operating cash flows are projected to self-fund this anticipated higher spending level.
During 2011, we continued to return cash to our stockholders through both our stock repurchase and dividend programs. In January 2011, our Board of Directors approved a new two-year repurchase program for up to $900 million of common stock, as well as a 38% increase in the quarterly cash dividend. A total of $450 million of common stock, or about 11.3 million shares, was repurchased in fiscal 2011.
In November 2011, we announced a two-for-one stock split. More recently, in January 2012 our Board of Directors raised the quarterly cash dividend 27%, which represented the 18th consecutive annual increase since the program was initiated in 1994.
3

  4
Our recent stock split and ongoing stock repurchase and dividend programs reflect our commitment to enhancing stockholder returns. They also demonstrate confidence in our continued ability to achieve our growth targets while generating significant amounts of excess cash after self-funding the capital needs of
our business.
Flexible Business Model Enhances Long-Term Profitability
We are extremely pleased with our record level of sales, profitability, and returns in 2011. Looking ahead, we believe that our steadfast focus on successfully executing our strategies will enable us to continue to deliver compelling bargains
to our customers and solid results in 2012
and beyond.
Our top priority is to continue to strengthen our ability to acquire terrific name brand bargains for our stores. To achieve this, we are making further investments in our merchandise organization. This is key to both maximizing our access to the best opportunities for product and further expanding our very large vendor base.
We also believe there is room for additional reductions in selling store inventories. Average in-store inventories today are almost 40% lower than just four years ago, and we are targeting an additional mid-single-digit percentage decrease for 2012. Operating with less product in our stores has benefited merchandise margins through fewer markdowns. Turning our merchandise faster has also enhanced sales by increasing
the percentage of fresh product in front of our customers.
Our improved planning and allocation systems and processes have been in place for two full years and are helping us do a better job of getting the right merchandise to the right store at the
right time. Planning and allocating at a much more detailed level is more important than ever today, especially with less merchandise in our stores.
Our performance has also benefited from a number of operational initiatives. These include our shortage control program, which has resulted in record low levels of shrink, along with the numerous productivity enhancements and efficiencies we have put in place to drive down costs in our distribution centers, stores organization, and back office functions.

  All of this gives us the confidence to continue
to target, over the long term, average annual earnings per share growth of 10% to 15%. The formula for achieving this is a combination of unit growth, annual increases in same store sales, and ongoing reductions in shares from our stock repurchase program.
Social Responsibility at Ross Stores
Over the past 30 years, we have grown from
a small retail chain to more than 1,100 stores today. Along the way, we have maintained an unwavering commitment to creating value with a focus on excellence, ethics, and integrity in all that we do.
This extends far beyond our mission of offering customers the best name brand bargains possible. It also means creating value by enhancing the lives of our almost 54,000 associates with training and development programs, and by supporting the communities where we operate through local hiring and philanthropic efforts. In addition, we continually look for ways to operate our Company more efficiently to minimize our impact on the environment. Examples include initiatives we have implemented in our stores and distribution centers to use less energy and reduce waste.
During 2012, we will be adding information to our Company website about our social responsibility programs and we look forward to sharing our progress with you.
In closing, we extend our sincere appreciation
to all of our customers, business partners, and stockholders for their continued support. We especially want to acknowledge and thank our valued associates throughout the Company who remain the primary drivers of our past, present, and future success.
Sincerely,
Michael Balmuth
Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Norman A. Ferber
Chairman of the Board
  5
