The Power of Transformation
Dear Fellow Shareholder,
Our current economic climate will change and the recession will end. And when this happens, R.R. Donnelley will be ready Ñ strongly positioned to meet the needs of an evolving communications world.
In 2001 decreased demand for printing services spread throughout the United States and global markets in virtually every end market served by R.R. Donnelley. The recession deepened in the second half of the year and most of our markets simultaneously suffered double-digit declines. The effect on our business was equally profound. Without a doubt, we are in the most difficult recession I have experienced in my 36-year career. And, our expectation is that it will continue into the next year.
I am disappointed with our overall 2001 financial results as they mask the tremendous progress we made during the year. Our decision during this recession was to take advantage of reduced work levels and accelerate our transformation. Our plan is aggressive, designed to permanently change our cost structure and how we run our business. Looking back over the past year and seeing the results of our efforts makes me so very proud of our people and their resolve. More than ever IÕm optimistic and confident about our future and our ability to get back on track with the earnings growth we delivered consistently from 1997 to 2000.
In 2001 two financial accomplishments are noteworthy: Our working capital- to-sales ratio dropped to 5.5 percent, an improvement of 60 basis points from the year earlier, reflecting strong inventory and receivables management. Our debt balance Ñ while up less than $60 million from a year ago Ñ is impressive in light of the numerous items we funded, such as $110 million in dividend pay- ments, $273 million in share repurchases and $273 million in capital spending.
Another noteworthy achievement is the turnaround of our logistics business. As we reported in late 2000, after we doubled our logistics business through acquisition, issues in our package delivery operations emerged. In 2001 we
   3 R.R. DONNELLEY 2001 ANNUAL REPORT
William L. Davis
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 
 overcame them. The results: For the year, in a down market, our package volume increased 21 percent and value-added revenue improved 59 percent. We expanded our logistics capabilities by increasing our delivery penetra- tion to local post offices, adding an end-to-end package tracking feature and
introducing a package return service for consumers. Our experience over the last year has convinced us that our logistics strategies provide excellent opportunity for increased value for R.R. Donnelley
customers and shareholders.
Competitive Cost Position
Because of the additional price pressure we experienced during this recession, we acceler- ated our actions to improve our cost structure. By the end of the fourth quarter of 2002, we will have permanently reduced our costs by over $160 million compared to 2000. This includes benefits from our restructuring activities, including plant closures, workforce reductions and the general and administrative reductions we announced in 2001.
At the same time, we are increasingly getting more production out of our assets. In our printing platform, we have improved the output of individual presses and binding lines by as much as 10 to
15 percent. Across our platform, that means more capacity from existing equipment. I am confident that through our restructuring and continuous improvement actions, we will emerge from this recession with a very competitive cost position.
The Transformation Continues
Our transformation efforts gained significant momentum in 2001 in each of these two critical areas:
¥ traditional print and bind operations, and
¥ services extending upstream from the printing platform toward our customers and downstream toward the consumer.
  4 R.R. DONNELLEY 2001 ANNUAL REPORT
A Single Source
>>We play a broader role in producing and distributing catalogs for The Spiegel Group
brands: Newport News, Eddie Bauer and Spiegel. Our photog- raphers capture digital images
of Eddie BauerÕs products. Our graphic designers work on SpiegelÕs premises to build catalog pages. Our database experts archive thousands of digital images and make them available over secure Web links for use in both printed products and online. Our printing teams produce qual- ity catalogs. Working with the clients, our logistics professionals get the right catalogs to the right consumers at the right time Ñ
and also simplify merchandise returns for the consumer.
 
In 2001 we positioned R.R. Donnelley for future growth, instilling an entrepreneurial approach in each of these actions:
¥ We created R.R. Donnelley Print Solutions, bringing together our traditional print businesses Ñ catalog, retail, magazine, book and telecommunications Ñ under one management team. This structure marshals all our printing resources behind a single business model based on making the best use of our production capacity and providing a level of service that sets us apart in the minds of our customers.
¥ As part of the new organization, we launched a comprehensive upgrade of our assets to enable us to serve our customers with the industryÕs most cost- effective, integrated and flexible printing platform.
¥ Six Sigma methodology continued to drive benefits in reducing manufacturing cost and working capital while improving the overall quality of our work. For example: In manufacturing, we have reduced cycle time on book reprints by 25 percent. In one administrative application, we reduced Ñ by 30 percent Ñ the time it takes to produce an invoice after we have shipped the product.
¥ In our premedia business, we opened a number of new operations to better serve our customersÕ content management and communications needs, including facilities in Manhattan, in Portland, Oregon, and in Warsaw, Poland. Over the past three years, we have tripled the number of premedia centers offering a complete range of digital photography, content management and prepress services to our customers. Our success in this area is why cus- tomers like Eddie Bauer and Fred Meyer stores now look to R.R. Donnelley for their premedia needs as we implement workflow solutions that save
them valuable time.
¥ Since 1995, weÕve made substantial progress in Poland, growing that business from nothing to a solid market position. As a result of our success, in 2001 we opened a second printing plant in Krakow and established European print sales offices in Germany and Russia. We now sell to 20 countries in Europe.
¥ We are building a $30 million printing facility in Shanghai, China, through
our joint venture with the Shanghai Press and Publications Administration. This facility will provide new opportunities for local publishers to expand their businesses and Western publishers to penetrate the enormous Chinese market. Our eight years of success with customers in Shenzhen give us the knowledge and confidence to grow profitably in Shanghai.
¥ We launched our Investor Communications Europe initiative, building on the Customized Communications Solutions technology we developed in
 5 R.R. DONNELLEY 2001 ANNUAL REPORT

 U.S. markets to tap the rapidly growing European mutual fund and 401(k) market. To be effective in this fragmented market, investor communications must be highly customized, customer-friendly, and delivered in multiple media and in several languages. We have these capabilities and we are taking
the lead in delivering communications quickly and cost-effectively for our customers in Europe.
Revolutionizing Communications Effectiveness
Each of these accomplishments is guided by our commitment to communications effectiveness, which we define as getting our customersÕ content in the hands of exactly the right consumers, with more precise timing, less waste, lower
total delivered costs and greater results. Our aspiration is not just to improve communications effectiveness, but to revolutionize it.
Traditional Process
>>Between the content owner and the consumer, a communications message passes through many hands Ñ to design it, format it, archive it, print it, post it on
effort at every step.
New Process
Photography
the Web, distribute it Ñ creating wasted
time and
overlapping
Web Design
>>With our capabilities in premedia, print-and-bind and distribution logistics, we now offer a stream- lined path of communications effectiveness between the content owner
Logistics
and the consumer.
Content Owner
R.R. Donnelley
-Photography -Premedia
-Content Repurposing -Paper Management -Web Design -Printing and Binding
6 R.R. DONNELLEY 2001 ANNUAL REPORT
Premedia Printing and Binding
Content Owner
Paper Management
Distribution
Identifying Audiences
Content Creation
Consumer
Consumer
-Identify Audiences -Create Content
-Build Brands
-Grow Business
-Reach Targeted Audiences -Strengthen Consumer -Relationships
-Distribution

From our foundation in printing, we are transforming ourselves to play a much broader role in the entire communications process. We are focused on finding new ways to substantially streamline the many steps it takes to develop content and deliver it to the intended end user. The value we bring extends beyond our printing and logistics expertise. It is a deeper knowledge about methods and processes that can dramatically enhance the effectiveness of the entire communication chain. We believe the ultimate objective in revolutionizing communications effectiveness is to create a data-rich, closed-loop feedback system that supplies our customers with actionable measurement and market information. This insight can then be used to create and continuously fine-tune highly targeted and personalized communications.
Already, our customers are benefiting from our transformation efforts. R.R. Donnelley Print SolutionsÕ keen focus on distinctive service and asset optimization is giving customers:
¥ condensed production schedules, which allow them more time to sell more ads, minimize inventories, lower costs and, in the case of catalogers, additional time to make merchandising and pricing decisions, and
¥ the highest level and quality of color reproduction Ñ to help merchandisers accurately portray their products.
Looking ahead, our customers have mixed views regarding when their industries will begin to turn positive, with some expecting the slowdown to last throughout 2002 and others expecting a rebound in the second half. We are pru- dently planning for the downturn to last throughout the year. Regardless of when the recovery starts, we will be ready: with better capabilities, more capacity from existing assets and lower costs due to the hard work of all of our people.
Director and Leadership Transitions
We welcome two new Directors, Gregory Q. Brown and Norman H. Wesley, who bring us valuable expertise in technology and consumer marketing. I also thank George A. Lorch, who retired from our Board this year, for the contributions he made during his five-year tenure.
In addition, we welcome Ronald E. Daly to the new position of President, R.R. Donnelley Print Solutions. Ron most recently led our Telecommunications business. An experienced, customer-focused leader, he is the ideal person to lead Print Solutions.
 7 R.R. DONNELLEY 2001 ANNUAL REPORT

  Connecting People in Troubled Times
On September 11, we were fortunate that no
physical harm was suffered by any of the 400
R.R. Donnelley employees stationed at our financial services facility a block from 7 World Trade Center.
I am extremely proud of the way our people took care
of each other Ñ and then rallied to take care of our customers under the most difficult circumstances.
I also appreciate the way employees throughout
our company came forward to meet the challenges generated by terrorism. We saw one of our values Ñ One team committed to common goals Ñ in action, many times over, in the aftermath of that morning.
Only last year we agreed on these words in our vision: ÒTo enrich lives by connecting people with the power of words and images.Ó The ink was barely dry when we found ourselves striving to connect people in ways much more basic than enrichment. We were rushing into print with words and images to help people comprehend the incomprehensible. As we continue to partner with our customers and help them with content preparation, print- ing, logistics and integrated communication solutions, it is not just with an emphasis on enriching lives. It is also with a new commitment to protect and extend free enterprise and the flow of information to all corners of the world.
Last year in this letter, I said I had never been more excited about our future. This year, I must add: I have never been more proud of our role in bringing people together in troubled times, and the manner in which our employees step up whenever they are called upon Ñ to connect people with the power of words and images.
Sincerely,
William L. Davis
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
February 3, 2002
 A Special Connection
>>Stuyvesant High School is five blocks from The World Trade
Center site. Following the September 11th attack, students planned a special edition of their school magazine, The Spectator, in which to tell their stories of the tragedy. The New York Times agreed to distribute the magazines as an insert to one of its weekday editions. R.R. Donnelley volun- teered press capacity for more than 800,000 issues of the
24-page edition, with Stora Enso contributing the paper.
  8 R.R. DONNELLEY 2001 ANNUAL REPORT
