DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
What does RR Donnelley do?
Some who first came to know RR Donnelley years ago might be tempted to say simply that we are the world’s largest printer. While partly true, that no longer begins to describe the full scope of what we offer, as our ongoing transformation continues to bear fruit.
Growing Portfolio of Business Services
This expansion of our offering is reflected in a variety of ways. For example, since 2009 our logistics revenues have grown at a compound annual rate of nearly 16%. We have been named a top 100 provider of third party logistics services and expanded our capabilities during 2012 with the acquisition of a provider of First-Class and Standard mail commingling services. Commingling helps our customers optimize postage rates. Logistics now drives more revenue for RR Donnelley than does either commercial printing or forms and labels.
Through 2012, the revenues generated though our services offering overall have grown at a compound annual rate of nearly 14% since 2009. These services are extensive and include logistics, translations, supply chain management, legal support outsourcing, photography, creative design, and more.
This expansion of our ability to integrate products and services to create custom solutions has helped to drive growth in our international locations. From 2009 through 2012 our revenues in Asia have grown by a compound annual rate of more than 15%, even exclusive of currency fluctuations. The fastest growing portion of these revenues have come from our packaging and labeling capabilities, which have swelled by over 21% annually during each of the past two years.
We continue to be a global leader in providing catalog production, but many people are surprised to learn that we complement this offering with a growing set of services for merchants as well. We have teams of people who report to work each day at clients’ offices, where our people design communications, retouch photographs, and manage digital assets. For one customer, we managed a team of 50 copywriters to develop descriptions for nearly 6,000 products. Merchandising copy is optimized for the venue in which it is read, so our team generated content for both the customer’s print and online catalogs. Again, people would expect RR Donnelley to print catalogs, but are often surprised to learn that we are increasingly helping to create the content inside them as well.
In support of our financial services clients, we completed during 2012 the acquisition of EDGAR Online, which provides an extensive set of financial data and enterprise risk analytics software and solutions. With this acquisition, the compliance-related portion of our Financial Services offering reached a tipping point: we expect that going forward more than 50% of these compliance-related revenues will arise from electronic and digital services as opposed to financial printing.
Multichannel. Multifaceted.
It is a paradox. There have never been more ways to reach consumers, but actually making contact has never been more challenging. That is because consumers have an ever exploding range of media competing for their attention.
This means that our customers must use multiple channels to reach their audiences. To help them accomplish this we are continuing to expand the range of multichannel solutions that we offer.
For example, healthcare, financial services, telecommunications, airline, and other companies often have very large customer lists. They send these customers a broad range of transactional, mandated, and marketing messages. We help them do so in print, via email, and online. In the United States alone we host for online retrieval and viewing approximately 10 billion images of statements and other documents. In Europe, for one client alone we regularly generate and distribute 4.5 million personalized emails as part of a comprehensive communications program. For a domestic client we are providing individualized videos that will be reached as its customers visit personalized web sites that we develop.

Our multifaceted offering not only comprises a full range of multichannel options, it enables the different media to communicate with one another.
Innovation
Our Research and Development pipeline continues to deliver difference-making technologies. For example, during 2012 we completed the engineering that will allow us this year to commercialize unique printed Near Field Communication (NFC) tags that can be embedded into retail displays, shelf labels, direct mail pieces, collateral materials, catalogs, magazines, and more.
Imagine that an NFC tag is embedded on a display in a store. There will be an indication that you can lightly touch your smartphone to the display. When you do, your mobile device will suddenly activate a website, a video, a coupon, or other mobile-optimized content.
These NFC tags are printed electronics. They enable conventional printed communications materials with a whole new suite of interactive capabilities. RR Donnelley can produce the tags, integrate them with other materials that we produce, develop and host the mobile consumer experience, and even provide the response analytics about the programs’ effectiveness.
We are not naïve to a multichannel future. We are working to be in its vanguard. Printed electronics offers a host of possibilities, and we are working to develop and commercialize the best opportunities.
An Expanded Mission
So what does RR Donnelley do?
In essence, we help people communicate more effectively. To do so we work with organizations worldwide to create, manage, produce, distribute and process content. That is our mission. Executing that mission will position RR Donnelley to be the profitable leader in our industry.
As we pursue this mission we will continue to practice the tight financial discipline that is woven deeply into all of our processes across the world. It was this discipline that enabled us, in the face of a fast-changing environment and global economic uncertainty, to generate $486 million in free cash flow – defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures – during 2012.
In 2013 we will continue to innovate, develop unique custom solutions, compete relentlessly, control our costs, and operate worldwide in accord with our integrated ONE RR Donnelley strategy.
We are grateful to our employees for the exceptional standard of customer care that they maintain, to our customers for giving us the opportunity to help them achieve their objectives, and to our investors for your continued confidence.
Sincerely,
Thomas J. Quinlan III
President & Chief Executive Officer April 2013
 