DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS,
Ongoing technology advancements are presenting all of us with more options than ever before on how, when and where we receive our communications. This shift is driving significant changes in consumer behavior and is certainly increasing the complexities of today’s communications options. At the same time, exciting new opportunities in the world of print and digital media have never been greater because of the ongoing advancement in technology.
As an industry leader, RR Donnelley works every day to anticipate the shifts in this highly dynamic marketplace and provide solutions to meet our customers’ ever-changing demand for integrated communications services. Our strategy focuses on the four major elements of the communications process: to create, manage, distribute and measure. Our customers engage us to create their content, manage their content more effectively, distribute their content through both print and digital channels, and then help them measure the effectiveness of their content.
John F. Kennedy once said, “Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.” RR Donnelley has always been an organization that looks to the future. Over the last decade, we have been on an ongoing evolution from a print services provider to a premier multichannel communications services provider. We developed and executed a deliberate plan that strengthened every part of our business through a combination of organic growth and strategic acquisitions, developing new products and services, inventing fresh ways to serve customers, investing in new equipment, attracting additional talent, creating information technology systems, and much more.
The Next Phase of Our Strategic Evolution: A Transformative Separation
In August 2015, we announced the successful culmination of that strategic evolution with our intent to separate RR Donnelley into three independent, publicly traded companies. One company will focus on financial communications and data services and be named Donnelley Financial Solutions. The second company will offer publishing and retail-centric print services and be named LSC Communications. A third company will provide customized multichannel communications and continue to be named R. R. Donnelley & Sons Company.
Our evolution as an organization has taken us from a printer to a full-line printing and printing services provider, and now to a premier global provider of multichannel communications services. Supported by key acquisitions, our product and service portfolio has become more diversified with significant scale across our key businesses.
We have fortified our portfolio even more by complementing it with the appropriate information technology, innovative customer solutions, and an outstanding workforce – all in support of our customers’ evolving communications requirements. Each of the three standalone businesses will have the scale, innovative technology, broad product and service mix, and other resources to be leaders in their respective segments. The successful execution of our strategy has paved the way for this transformative separation which we believe will enhance stockholder value and enable investors’ valuations to better reflect each businesses’ unique operating and financial dynamics.
We owe this unique opportunity to the hard work and dedication of all of the employees of RR Donnelley. Without their commitment to delivering exceptional quality and service, working safely and collaboratively, and operating with integrity, this transformation would not be possible.

Our efforts to complete these strategic transactions are on track and we anticipate that they will be complete in October 2016. In the meantime, we will take advantage of the fact that each day is a renewed opportunity to contribute to our customers’ success and, ultimately, to the long-term success of these three organizations.
A Solid Foundation
This past year, our go-to-market strategy allowed us to gain traction and provided us with a structured approach, as well as increased flexibility, in meeting our customers’ evolving multichannel communications requirements. We are delivering end-to-end solutions to industries such as retail, healthcare, and financial services that include workflow and other proprietary tools that help our customers effectively execute their communications strategies. Working closely with our customers, we provide a combination of products and services in a customized and scalable way, well-suited for their businesses. And, we are providing supply chain management and marketing communications solutions to increase the overall effectiveness of our customers’ communications while reducing their operational costs.
Throughout our history, safety has been the leading indicator of quality and service performance, operational excellence, and superior teamwork. Again this year, we are exceedingly proud that RR Donnelley’s safety performance is dramatically better than the U.S. print industry average and that we have attained a number of top safety performance records worldwide.
Operating with integrity and adhering to the highest ethical standards is at the core of our company values and it guides all areas of our professional conduct each and every day.
Ongoing Customer Commitment
We make a significant impact on the operations of our customers by providing highly impactful communications options that support their multichannel communications strategies, generate greater operational efficiencies, help them create competitive advantage, and connect with their audiences in meaningful ways.
Since the announcement of our transformative separation, we have not lost our focus on our day-to-day responsibilities. As we work toward the completion of the separations, we are confident in our ability to provide distinctive service to our customers and deliver on our commitments, and we are firmly committed to serving them without disruption.
Success is never final. We’ve made tremendous progress and we will continue to strive to be the best in the business, focus on delivering excellent service and innovative solutions, and remain committed to delivering long-term value to our stockholders.
We are grateful to our stockholders for their continued confidence, to our valued customers for giving us the opportunities to respond to their emerging needs with products and services that add value, and to our employees for their dedication to operational excellence and who each day renew RR Donnelley’s global reputation for integrity, quality and performance.
Sincerely,
Thomas J. Quinlan III
President & Chief Executive Officer April 2016
 