Dear Fellow Shareholders: Maintain strong liquidity. Achieve operational excellence. That was our focus as 2009 began – with the world in the midst of the worst financial crisis in a lifetime.
 As this year opened, your company faced a number of external challenges, including questions about
major customers’ solvency, about financial institutions’ willingness to provide credit to businesses and consumers, and about whether consumers had structurally changed their buying habits.
The condition of the economy confronted us with a number of internal issues as well. Perhaps more important to the future of RR Donnelley, we had to strike the right balance between making drastic reductions in our work force and facilities and staying the course in order to be ready to take full advantage when economic conditions improved.
Our goal was to ensure that RR Donnelley would transcend all of these challenges in order to lay the foundations for renewed growth – organic and via acquisition. Though we are not satisfied with all of the year’s financial outcomes, we are pleased to report that RR Donnelley has done just that.
Maintaining Strong Liquidity
RR Donnelley has a diverse and balanced operating platform. We serve customers across the world with a broad array of integrated communication solutions. These range from conventional printing to a growing roster of Internet-enabled collaborative business services. We are also quick to calibrate our variable cost structure to expected customer demand.
These factors, along with our balanced approach to capital deployment, enabled RR Donnelley to continue to maintain strong liquidity, even as our industry
saw approximately 1,000 facilities close their doors, presumably forever.
As a result of our ongoing financial discipline,
your Board of Directors maintained RR Donnelley’s dividend at $1.04 per share during 2009. During
the course of the year we generated $1.4 billion of operating cash flow, an increase of $400 million from 2008. We also reduced debt by over $800 million and took advantage of an opportunity to structure an even more favorable debt maturity profile.
Since just 2004 we have returned approximately $3.2 billion to our equity and fixed income investors.
We work hard to align our employees’ interests
with yours, so management and most employees did not receive any variable compensation during 2009 that was related to 2008’s performance. Nevertheless, they continued to do a superb job of serving customers, controlling costs, reducing waste, and even making important contributions in the communi- ties in which they live and work. Maintaining strong liquidity is not simply a function of management’s actions; it is the consequence of our employees’ daily commitment to operational excellence.

Staying The Course And Positioning
RR Donnelley For Renewed Growth
During 2009 your company made acquisitions, opened new facilities, or invested in new businesses in Latin America, North America, Europe and Asia. We also continued to introduce innovative new capabilities across the breadth of our platform.
For example ...
• In another in a series of digital printing firsts, we announced our latest imaging technology break- through, which combines the full variability of inkjet imaging with the speed, quality, flexibility and economics of offset materials. This innovation
offers our customers advantages across a number
of applications. For example, we can use it to help catalogers craft personalized messages on their mailings that guide consumers to items and promo- tions that reflect the preferences that they have revealed through their shopping patterns. We listen carefully to our customers’ needs and build solutions that deliver a host of benefits, including cost compression, enhanced communications, and improved ROI.
• This year we deployed our proprietary ProteusJet® variable imaging units. In collaboration with a company called Muller Martini we announced that we will put this equipment inline with binding units to produce books on demand. Our ability to produce books in quantities from one to a million is helping publishers to pursue new strategies for managing inventory and distribution and to mine their back lists for new revenues. We also announced plans to create a technology alliance with HP to collaborate on the development of digital printing solutions for inkjet-based digital presses.
You probably see in your own crowded email box the challenge marketers and others have in gaining an audience’s attention. We believe that affordable, highly personalized printed communications will play a vital
role in driving traffic to websites, stores, fundraisers’ events, and other important destinations. That is why we continue to position RR Donnelley as the leader in variable digital printing.
At the same time, we are not naïve to the fast growth in the online presentation of information. In response, we continue to enable our own proprietary web- enabled solutions for mobile devices. We introduced Pivot, which helps our statement processing customers to bring content seamlessly to life in printed and online formats. Our Premedia Technologies capabilities help customers in a variety of industries to create, manage, retrieve, and repur- pose images that will appear in a variety of media. This year our CustomPoint® system, which customers use to place self-service digital printing and other orders with RR Donnelley added its millionth customer profile. The number of CustomPoint users has swelled by 40% in the past two years, with the number of orders placed through the system growing by 42%.
Although the media through which communications are delivered will evolve, our customers will continue to seek our help in preparing, producing, delivering and processing content. During 2009 we introduced a series of innovations that position us to be a vital resource to them.
Operational Excellence
During the first week of 2009 we announced the acquisition of an operation that expanded our platform in Latin America. The year concluded with that facility having helped us to post double-digit EBIT increases in Chile, where it is located. We believe that its fast integration and quick adoption of our performance culture reflects RR Donnelley’s focus on operational excellence.
Operational excellence is revealed in a number of ways; first among them is safety. Safety is a function of qualities such as teamwork, following docu- mented processes, and being alert all of the time.

These same attributes contribute to quality, efficiency, waste reduction and more. We are very pleased that nearly 100 RR Donnelley operations across the world reached important safety milestones during 2009, but will continue to strive for a perfect safety record in all of our facilities, each and every year.
Throughout 2009 our employees were recognized with a host of awards from industry groups and more important, from our customers. These recognitions showed that even in the face of tremendous global economic uncertainty, our people never compromised on delivering exceptional quality and value. That is
RR Donnelley’s heritage and a commitment that we carry into 2010 and beyond.
2010
During 2010 we will continue to pursue the strategies that brought your company through the challenges related to the unprecedented financial conditions that characterized 2009. We will maintain the strong liquidity that will enable us to take advantage of the best opportunities to enhance our platform, whether through strategic acquisitions or internal development. We will also work to achieve operational excellence in every phase of our business.
We are grateful to our employees for the manner in which they rose to the significant challenges of 2009, to our customers for the continued opportunity to collaborate with them and to serve them, and to you, our shareholders for your confidence.
Sincerely,
Thomas J. Quinlan III
President & Chief Executive Officer April 2010
  Message from the Chairman
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
The events that have unfolded since the global economic crisis emerged in 2008 have brought into bold relief the vital role that an active, independent Board of Directors plays in maintaining an organiza- tion’s strength and focus.
During 2009, in the face of unprecedented business uncertainty, your company introduced a range of inno- vative new products and services, expanded its global capabilities, and positioned RR Donnelley to respond quickly to the best emerging opportunities. The results that your company delivered and our confidence in the ability of RR Donnelley employees to surmount the obstacles before them enabled your Board to maintain the dividend throughout an extremely challenging year. We are especially proud that these achievements came without compromising the nearly century-and- a-half tradition of integrity and trust on which this remarkable business has been built.
As we provide active counsel, advice, and oversight to management, your Board works with them to ensure that your company’s Principles of Ethical Business Conduct are brought to life every day, through the actions and interactions of all RR Donnelley employees worldwide. Ongoing training and frequent communications bring real-world clarity to our shared vision for how your company will conduct itself.
We remain committed to sustaining that vision and to your company’s continued role as our industry’s leader.
Sincerely,
Stephen M. Wolf
Chairman of the Board of Directors April 2010
 