Our commitment to revolutionizing the effectiveness of communication through integrated communications services
is powering our company’s future.
Dear fellow shareholder,
Today our customers communicate more content, in more ways, than ever before. By 2004, the U.S. communications market will increase 31%, from $570 billion to $746 billion*. This explosive growth spells opportunity.
R.R. Donnelley serves the largest market segments—commercial printing and targeted communications—as well as the fastest-growing segment, the Internet. And we’re expanding in the robust business-to-home logistics market. Although there have
been and will be challenges, I’ve never been more excited about
our future.
In this report, you’ll see that we serve the world’s leading
publishers, merchandisers, and telecommunications, financial and healthcare customers. Our customers develop deep, rich content. More and more, they need integrated communica- tions solutions to effectively reach targeted audiences.
In the next few years, R.R. Donnelley has a significant oppor- tunity to help our customers get their content in the hands of exactly the right consumers, with more precise timing,
less waste, lower total delivered costs and greater
 results. That’s communications effectiveness, and our goal is to revolutionize it everywhere we do business—in North America, South America, Europe and the Asia/Pacific Basin.
We are doing this through three market strategies: transforming our long-run printing businesses, expanding value- added services and logically extending into complementary businesses.
Financial results
In 2000, earnings per share (excluding one-time items) fell 4% to $2.11, after we delivered double-digit growth consistently for three years. The shortfall was driven by
*Veronis, Suhler & Associates forecast
William L. Davis
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
3

4
problems in our logistics, direct mail and capital markets businesses. We have taken strong corrective actions to ensure the future success of each of these businesses.
We doubled the size of our existing logistics business by acquiring CTC Distribution Direct to add packages to our product mix of catalogs and magazines. Our resources were challenged as we grew our network to handle the larger vol- umes of work. While that crimped 2000 earnings, this year we expect to make progress in creating a streamlined delivery network that skips steps in the postal chain to earn larger postal discounts with greater schedule reliability.
In direct mail, to address weak revenues, we’ve been focusing on the right mar- kets and right customers to turn this business around. And, in financial services,
a slowdown in U.S. capital markets hurt this high-margin business. We’ve taken aggressive cost containment actions to weather this storm, and we expect to come back strong as U.S. capital markets revive.
Key financial indicators point to underlying strength. Operating working capital
to net sales has improved steadily to 6.1% in 2000 from 6.9% in 1999 and 8.4% in 1998. Our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) exceeds $901 million, giving us the healthy cash flow and the flexibility to invest for growth. Over the past three years, we have bought back one-fifth of our outstanding shares, and we’ll continue to do so when cash flow exceeds our investment needs.
Strategies for growth
In 2000 we unveiled three new strategies for growth. Strategy 1 ensures a solid foundation for our traditional printing businesses, which bring us strong customer relationships and a robust cash flow. Through Strategies 2 and 3, we’re directing our resources to the most promising opportunities—communications services with higher profit potential and lower asset intensity. The good news is that we’re making solid progress toward our goal of generating half of our revenues from services in the next five years, a dramatic increase from the 20% of revenues generated by services in 2000.
Strategy 1. Transform our long-run printing businesses. We are focused
on ensuring that our print platform remains the industry’s most productive, so we continue to transform our traditional businesses of printing magazines, catalogs, directories, advertising inserts and books. That means we invest much more in our employees, less in our machinery than historically. Through our training in advanced productivity techniques during 2000, we freed up latent capacity equivalent to seven new presses and associated binding lines—or $150 million in deferred capital expen- ditures—then sold this additional capacity to achieve immediate benefits.
By investing in people and providing new productivity tools, our long-run printing businesses generated positive EVA® (Economic Value Added) for the first time. The credit for that goes to R.R. Donnelley employees, and I salute them for learning fast and working hard to serve our customers better.
Strategy 2. Expand value-added services. We are redirecting capital from our long-run printing businesses to aggressively grow existing businesses that

offer value-added services such as digital photography, digital asset management, logistics and personalized, targeted communications. Together with print and the Internet, these services enable us to provide our customers with complete solutions.
By tripling the number of our premedia locations, we attained nationwide coverage in 2000. For example, we opened new facilities to be closer to key customers in media markets such as Los Angeles and, soon, New York. In our overseas operations, we became the largest book printer in South America, through a plant expansion and an acquisition. In Europe, we launched the most modern directory plant in the world. And we continue to see growth opportunities in emerging markets where we already do business, such as Central Europe and China.
Strategy 3. Logically extend into complementary businesses. We moved our growing Internet consulting business into a new wholly owned subsidiary called Red Rover Digital. This unit helps publishers and merchandisers as they add the Internet as another way to more effectively communicate with their audiences. We’re investing for growth in this robust market, and about 30% of Red Rover’s revenues now come from customers who had not done business with R.R. Donnelley before.
In addition, we continue to explore ways to use the Internet to make us even more efficient in procurement, internal operations and customer transactions. For example, we joined with others in the industry to begin developing a set of common standards for customer transactions performed through the Internet.
The right people
R.R. Donnelley employs 34,000 people who are dedicated to getting the job done right for our customers. We back them up with the right tools, training and technology. In this age of increasingly digital communications, our vast technology deployments led Information Week to rank R.R. Donnelley #3 among the most innovative media and entertainment company users of technology.
We are on the right course to revolutionize communications effectiveness. We have
a solid foundation in our traditional printing businesses. We have deep-rooted and long-standing relationships with hundreds of world-class customers, the leading
brand in our industry, leading technology and leading expertise in content management and delivery.
That’s why I am confident that we’re moving into the future with the vision and the strength to extend our success into this new century.
Sincerely,
William L. Davis
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 1, 2001
 5
