DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
In 2004 RR Donnelley redefined the printing industry. With the acquisition of Moore Wallace, RR
Donnelley positioned itself uniquely to address customers’ needs for printed products and print- related services. I am pleased that our operating results and marketplace victories reflect our employees’ exceptional efforts to implement
our strategy.
In fiscal 2004, net sales increased 71% over
the prior year due to the acquisition of Moore Wallace and strong performances in our publishing and retail services segment and financial print, book, and international businesses. Excluding restructuring, impairment, and integration charges, operating margins and earnings per share from continuing operations improved handsomely year- over-year. We generated cash flow from continuing operations of nearly $760 million, which enabled us to fund capital expenditures, dividends, share repur- chases, and other initiatives. Our strong balance sheet and enhanced liquidity position help assure that your company is in excellent financial condition.
In less than a year, we realized important syner- gies; combined operations to enhance efficiency, scale, and customer service; sold or discontinued businesses that did not fit with our long-term plans; and, in the process, took unprofitable direct mail,
Latin American, and logistics operations and made them profitable.
When we brought RR Donnelley and Moore Wallace together, we stated several priorities –
to integrate quickly, reduce costs, cross-sell, and operate with integrity. We have moved aggressively to deliver on each front – identifying best practices and making them our standard, building financial discipline into every aspect of our business, listen- ing carefully to our customers in order to craft integrated solutions for them, and treating each of our customers, shareholders, suppliers, commu- nities, and employees fairly, ethically, and honestly.
Working Together To Deliver For Customers
Even as our employees have worked swiftly to integrate internal operations, they continued to focus on working more closely with our customers. For example, every day many of RR Donnelley’s talented employees report to work, not in our
own facilities, but on-site at our customers’ loca- tions. There they manage customers’ digital asset libraries, provide print-management consultation, and shepherd critical projects to completion.
Our Premedia Technologies group manages more than 2 million digital assets for our customers.
CEO Mark A. Angelson with representative team members from across the company, including (front row, left to
right) Patsy Walker, commercial printing; Beth Boyd, premedia; Mr. Angelson; Maria Esparza, communications services;
Chris Harcar, directories; Terry Iadarola, direct mail; (middle row) Dan Ziemke, commercial printing; Marty Abernathy, catalog and retail inserts; Alex Vazquez, corporate sales; Bobby Chang, Asia; (back row) Manny Marquez, magazine; Judy Eierman, capital markets; Jeff Dillner, logistics; Allen Haayer, forms and labels; Mike O’Mary, corporate; and
Tim Nall, book.
  2

 A Message from the Chairman
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
On behalf of your Board of Directors, I am pleased to report that RR Donnelley continues its long tradition of excellence. As we complete 2004 and move into 2005, we do so with a clear focus on our three all-important constituencies – shareholders, customers, and employees.
RR Donnelley directors, officers, and employees follow clearly defined Principles of Ethical Business Conduct to ensure that your company’s business is conducted with integrity and transparency in compliance with both the letter and spirit of the law. Everyone associated with RR Donnelley, from your Board of Directors, our officers, and our employees, is held to
the highest standards of conduct consistent with clearly defined expectations as to behavior and practices.
The members of your Board of Directors
are actively engaged in pursuing their oversight, audit, counsel, and advisory roles, all consistent with the interest of you – our shareholders.
We join with RR Donnelley’s management in assuring that RR Donnelley continues to build on its unmatched reputation.
Sincerely yours,
Stephen M. Wolf
Chairman of the Board of Directors March 30, 2005
 Each day our customers access a broad array
of RR Donnelley’s Internet-based toolsets to track their projects through our production cycles, to order more printed materials, to launch direct response mailings, and more. Our market-leading, web-enabled tools are woven deeply into our customers’ own processes. For example, at the rate of more than a million times a year, our customers log-in to proprietary RR Donnelley websites to release orders from our warehouses, initiate print- on-demand projects, track their orders through
the production-to-delivery cycle, and even create custom materials that speak with a one-to-one voice.
As customers enact their own just-in-time strategies, enabled increasingly by radio-frequency labels that we provide, they turn to RR Donnelley
for logistics solutions that bring print into their facilities as needed – to restock shelves, keep produc- tion lines running, or meet crucial mailing dates.
The RR Donnelley model is not just built around waiting for customers to ask us to bid on a project’s predetermined specifications. Ours is a proactive approach, in which our well-trained sales profes- sionals and customer service specialists offer ideas about ways to enhance a project’s design, workflow, logistics, material components, and more.
We work together with our customers to do more than deliver award-winning printed products. Customers draw on RR Donnelley’s expertise and unmatched global production platform to increase their revenues, reduce their costs, achieve their
cycle time goals, build their brands, improve their processes, and comply with complex regulations.
Throughout 2004, customers responded favorably to our consultative approach, selecting RR Donnelley to produce their marquee projects, extend long-term contractual relationships, and initiate new contracts for a broad mix of products and services. Our marketplace momentum provides a clear indication that RR Donnelley’s unique ability to prepare, produce, and deliver complex print-related products and services – virtually anywhere in the world – resonates with our diverse blue-chip customer base.
Working Together To Deliver For Each Other
Over the past year we asked much of our employ- ees. In every way, they gave their best to help
RR Donnelley reach demanding goals. Ours is an extremely talented workforce, which daily demon- strates craftsmanship, creativity, dedication, and professionalism.
Their remarkable work delivers exceptional quality to our customers. In 2004, RR Donnelley received industry recognition for excellence in printing, including more Gold Ink Awards than any other printer. These awards were won for work from across our platform: for hard cover fiction and nonfiction books and textbooks, magazines and catalogs, brochures, direct mail materials, media kits, posters, newsletters, packaging, and point-of-purchase displays.
3

RR Donnelley was also recognized for its focus on environmental stewardship and workplace safety. We were named Environmental Company of the Year in the United Kingdom by PrintWeek magazine, and two of our U.S. magazine and catalog facilities received important Forest Stewardship Council Chain-of-Custody certification, which is essential
to the many customers who want to assure that
raw materials for their publications are drawn from sustainable forest resources. In addition, our Reno, Nevada, plant became the first gravure-printing facility in the United States to receive Voluntary Protection Program Star certification from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, followed shortly by our Lynchburg, Virginia facility, which is the largest gravure plant to earn this important certification. These two facilities joined our operations in Senatobia, Mississippi and Roanoke, Virginia in achieving Star status.
Our employees’ efforts were further recognized by respondents from a variety of leading organizations who in FORTUNE Magazine named RR Donnelley as one of America’s Most Admired Companies. RR Donnelley finished first in the printing industry, and swept each category the survey measured.
During 2004 we also redesigned our compensa- tion systems better to align our employees’ goals with our shareholders’ interests. The RR Donnelley team competes with a special will-to-win, and is rewarded for achieving challenging, measurable goals. Our employees work actively to improve service, reduce waste, contain costs, and delight customers.
Working Together For Long-Term Performance
The strategy we began implementing in 2004 to build the new RR Donnelley continues. Our leader- ship, drawn from the very best of our combined entities and complemented by exceptional outside talent, is working as a seamless team which is focused on increasing value. In 2005 we intend to:
• Focus on the tight financial discipline that holds each employee, facility, operation, and business
unit accountable for achieving their results. Our goal is to foster a high performance culture in which employees routinely find challenge and reward and customers regard as standard exceptional quality and remarkable cycle times.
• Capitalize on our momentum to continue expanding relationships and to win new customer relationships. The depth and breadth of our product and service portfolio as well as our global reach enable RR Donnelley to increase sales to our existing customers by introducing new categories into accounts with which we already have strong relationships.
• Make targeted acquisitions to expand our product, service, and geographic reach. Your management team draws on a proven history of helping acquired organizations integrate quickly, significantly reduce costs, streamline processes, and enhance profitability.
• Continue to manage and invest our shareholders’ capital with a goal of maximizing returns over
the long term through a combination of share repur- chases, dividends, acquisitions, and capital invest- ments. Our platform is the broadest in the industry and each of our business units faces unique oppor- tunities and challenges. We will increase productivity and throughput by implementing new workflow systems, employing new technologies, and installing selected production units. This will, for example, enable RR Donnelley to capture share in expanding markets such as those for magazines, catalogs
and retail inserts.
In creating the new RR Donnelley we will continue
to draw the best lessons from our 140-year heritage and blend them with a reinvigorated approach to the opportunities afforded by our fast-changing markets.
We extend thanks to our shareholders for their confidence, to our customers for selecting us to help them achieve their print-related goals, and to our employees for the enthusiasm with which they have embraced and implemented our strategy.
Very truly yours,
Mark A. Angelson Chief Executive Officer March 30, 2005
  4
