              EMERGING FROM THE MERGER
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS: APRIL 2, 2010
For Republic Services, 2009 was a year of solid achievement despite the serious economic challenges we faced as a business and nation.
As the year began, we were only a month into our merger with Allied Waste Industries, where so much of our energy would be expended and focus directed. We were hard at work melding our two operations while maintaining our customers’ high expectations for quality service.
When we announced the merger in the middle of 2008, we envisioned three key benefits: an operating platform with a national reach; a capital structure that would maintain our investment grade credit rating and generate strong free cash flow; and substantial savings derived from the combination of the two companies. Those benefits are being realized.
Today, I am confident that we have achieved the most successful merger in the history of the waste services industry, providing better customer service, increasing financial strength through the elimination of redundancies and unnecessary costs, and building a foundation to support future growth. Importantly, we have established a single business culture.
Our integration work centered on controlling costs and realizing the savings the merger promised. When we contemplated the merger, we believed we would capture $150 million in annual run-rate savings by the end of 2010. However, by the second quarter of 2009, it was clear we could do better. We then increased that goal to a range of $165 to $175 million, again by the end of 2010. As 2009 ended, we had already reached annual run-rate savings of $150 million and were well on our way to achieving our new target.
      REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 2009 ANNUAL REPORT 01

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
The merger was only part of the story of 2009, however. Our everyday work involved taking care of our millions of customers who rely on us to handle their waste and recyclables. Republic is committed to providing peace of mind to customers who want reliable and flexible services and have environmental protection in mind. Developing long-term partnerships with customers is fundamental.
Financial Results
Combining the strengths of the two companies has led to a stronger, more durable company. Today we are a combination of two very mature enterprises with seasoned operating managers who embrace and continue to develop industry best practices that will serve to enhance our service and grow our business.
The results are showing. We exceeded our original 2009 guidance for earnings, free cash flow and margins. As a result of the merger, Republic’s 2009 annual revenue grew to $8.2 billion. Our net income, adjusted primarily for merger-related and debt refinancing expenses, was $565 million, or $1.48 per share. Adjusted free cash flow, the important metric that reflects the quality of our business, rose to $746 million, or $1.96 per share, which is 132 percent of adjusted book earnings. Free cash flow is the measure that distinguishes us. It provides money for growth, to invest in our business, and to pay the dividends that reward our shareholders.
Full-year adjusted EBITDA margins were 30.6 percent, which highlighted the ability of our field organization to maintain pricing discipline and implement cost controls while working through our integration process.
Additionally, in 2009, we repaid $740 million of our debt. We also took advantage of the favorable interest rate environment by issuing $1.25 billion of new debt and using the proceeds to repay existing debt which reduced cash interest expense.
Our efforts in 2009 have generated positive momentum in 2010. We believe we are well positioned for more progress this year as we continue to focus on pricing, cost controls, realizing merger synergies, and improving our return on invested capital.
We are single-minded in delivering the best service in our industry. Consistent with the past 10 years, we will concentrate our geographic focus on the United States and Puerto Rico.
Like so many companies, we faced the enormous challenges of the economy and tightened our belts. Waste volumes declined, particularly in the construction and demolition portion of our business. We trimmed costs across our company. Unfortunately, this meant reducing our work force in some cases and idling trucks. It also meant managing our capital more cautiously to maintain our fleet quality and operate our facilities safely and properly. It was not easy, but necessary.
We have been in this business for many years and we have managed through difficult times before. Through the years, we have developed innovative ways to better serve our customers and offer them the most cost- effective and environmentally sound means to manage their wastes.
Protecting the Environment and Sustainability
Republic has been on the front lines of environmental responsibility for years. We work with our customers to develop and implement “green” practices. Advancements in processing have allowed us to increase recycling volumes for communities and customers.
     REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 2009 ANNUAL REPORT 02

 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Our landfills are designed to protect the air, land and water. We generate energy with gas recovered at landfills. Our Tessman Road Landfill in San Antonio is home to the world’s first landfill cap that collects solar energy. And, with the nation’s fifth largest vocational fleet, we are constantly working to reduce greenhouse gases and our dependence on foreign oil by operating our trucks and other equipment more efficiently. We are doing this, in part, by using alternative fuels, hybrid-powered trucks and idle limiters, and by extending oil drain intervals.
Striving for sustainability is today a key concern. For Republic, sustainability means protecting and enhancing our environment for future generations and making decisions affecting our business that consider the environmental impact of what we do and how we do it.
Our entire business – collecting and processing society’s waste – is built upon providing services that meet our customers’ needs, but doing so in a way that minimizes impacts to the environment. It is a sound business practice, and increasingly a customer requirement.
New Board Member
In October, we welcomed Michael Larson to our Board of Directors. He also serves on our Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Larson is the Business Manager of Cascade Investment, L.L.C and the Chief Investment Officer for William H. Gates III. Cascade Investment, L.L.C., which is owned by Mr. Gates, and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Trust, own in the aggregate approximately 15 percent of Republic’s common stock.
Looking Ahead
We entered 2010 with optimism about our prospects and with our people enjoying the good work they did to execute the merger. They are continuing these same efforts. We plan to build on everything we have learned in the last year. We believe that Republic is equipped and prepared to achieve solid results that will reward our shareholders, our people and our company in the years ahead.
We are confident in the course we have set. We are hopeful 2010 will see the economic improvement we all want, and that it will generate even more opportunities to expand our business and create value.
We believe the cost-effective, environmentally sensitive services we offer are valued by our customers. We have achieved leadership in our industry. Looking ahead, we believe our strategy remains sound and will deliver strong results for you, our shareholders.
Sincerely,
James E. O’Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
       REPUBLIC SERVICES, INC. 2009 ANNUAL REPORT 03
