  Letter to Shareholders
 Dear Fellow Shareholders:
I am pleased to report that 2004 was a very good year for Republic Services, Inc. Our team met and exceeded the important financial and management goals we told you about here a year ago, and we plan to work just as hard and accomplish just as much in the coming year.
Republic is strengthening its competitive position among the leading waste services providers every day. As always, we are doing so by offering our customers cost-effective and safe waste collection, reliable recycling, and environmentally protective disposal options.
I am proud of our team and what they accomplished. The results tell you just how well they did.
Revenue in 2004 grew 7.6 percent to $2.7 billion, a record. The increases came largely from new municipal contracts and improved pricing. At the same time, we benefited from our presence in high- growth markets, especially those in the rapidly expanding Sunbelt states.
We met last year’s guidance. Net income per diluted share rose 15 percent to $1.53. Our revenue enhancement and cost reduction efforts produced results. We generated a record level of free cash flow - $388 million to be exact. Republic continues to generate strong and predictable levels of cash flow. As in the past year, we will concentrate on free cash flow and use it for acquisitions, reinvestment, repurchases of our stock and regular quarterly cash dividends.
As I thought about these achievements, I realized they result from the environment that we work to create for both our customers and our people. We care about our customers and the communities we serve. About our people. About the environment. And, of course, we care about you -- our shareholders. Every year we adopt a theme that captures our Company and our values. Our theme for 2005 is “Republic Services...A Company that cares”.
Our 13,400 dedicated people worked hard last year to create real value. We improved the way we deliver our services, increasing our efficiency in routing our collection trucks. We improved the way we construct disposal cells at numerous landfills, lowering costs. We worked with our vendors to control prices. And, we communicated to our customers the value of the services we offer. This year will be no different. We will continue to concentrate on these fundamentals.
Republic’s future is bright. We are mindful of our mission. We know our business exists to ease the burden of managing society’s waste. It’s not a glamorous business, but it is an essential one, and we take this responsibility very seriously.
At the end of the year, Republic had 140 collection companies, 58 landfills, 96 transfer stations and 35 recycling facilities in 22 states. These resources give us many opportunities to listen to our customers, anticipate their needs and quickly respond to them. Each customer faces challenges unique to his or her business and community. Our goal is to remain flexible and to tailor our services to each customer.
  
   Our decentralized structure is an advantage. It gives us flexibility and speed in reacting to local conditions. Our division leaders are well-positioned to respond immediately to the needs, changes and developments among their customers. We in the corporate office set the goals, establish the discipline, provide financial resources, management and operational support, but it is in our local divisions where customer relationships are established and the work is done. Our community-based focus forges strong local relationships and ensures that, at the customer level, the highest expectations are exceeded.
Ultimately, all the things we do as a Company are aimed at increasing value for our shareholders. We know the importance of strong and predictable cash flow in meeting our shareholders’ expectations. Over time, our cash flow has proven to be a strong indicator of the quality of our earnings. Last year’s record free cash flow enabled us to reinvest in our business, acquire new companies, repurchase $266 million of our common stock and double the quarterly dividend to $0.12 per share. The plan this year is similar. We will continue to use our strong free cash flow to grow and strengthen the Company by building our customer base through internal growth and strategic acquisitions. Additionally, we plan to repurchase Republic stock worth up to $275 million and pay a regular quarterly cash dividend to our shareholders. We believe these steps will increase shareholder value.
The Year Ahead
We are focused on improving our service and strengthening relationships with our customers. Exceptional service allows us to build loyalty and create lasting bonds with those we serve. We will continue to train and develop our people, too, so they may grow as we grow as a Company. And we will continue to focus on improving the safety of our operations, an important commitment we have made to our people and service communities.
The last year was indeed an outstanding one for Republic. Our goal is to continue to deliver impressive results in 2005.
I am both privileged and grateful to have the opportunity to lead a team of such exceptional people. Everyday, I grow more impressed with the experience, knowledge, loyalty and hard work they contribute. Republic truly has one of the best management and operations teams in America.
On behalf of all of us at Republic, I want to thank our shareholders for the trust they have placed in us. We are a Company that cares about you, and we pledge to continue working hard to serve you in 2005 and beyond.
Sincerely,
James E. O’Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
March 31, 2005
  