Letter to Shareholders Theme: Building on Success
My Fellow Shareholders:
2008 willbehighlightedinthehistoryofRepublicServicesastheyearwecompletedourmergerwith Allied Waste Industries. The combination of Republic and Allied will forever make us a stronger company with greater reach and resources to serve our valued customers. It also allows us to build on our success.
The benefits of the merger are compelling and include the following:
• Strong Operating Platform. The combination of Republic and Allied creates a company with a strong, national operating platform. At its foundation is our large network of disposal sites. This network provides us with a far stronger structure to integrate our operations than either company possessed on its own. We believe this will improve our ability to integrate our services and be a key driver of our future profitability. The combination now positions us as the first or second largest waste management company in virtually all of our markets.
• Strong Capital Structure. Republic enjoys a strong capital structure and an investment grade credit rating following the merger. Our combination creates a company with strong free cash flow that will allow us to pursue our mission to increase shareholder value by investing in our business, paying down debt and funding dividends.
• Synergy Savings. Merging Republic and Allied is expected to generate $150 million in annual run- rate savings by the end of 2010.
The merger was also a logical business transaction due to:
• Two Mature Companies. Traditional consolidations in the waste industry have been based on a “roll-up” strategy often involving relatively young companies intent on increasing revenue through acquisitions. Our merger with Allied joined two mature and broadly based companies with similar business practices and performance metrics that have been developed and refined over a number of years. This combination will be critical to our future success.
• Best Practices. Our merger presents an opportunity to execute the best practices of two successful companies. Republic has a history of financial discipline demonstrated by its consistent generation of free cash flow. Allied is recognized for its integrated operations and focus on procurement. We believe our merger will combine these strengths and create a best-in-class waste management company.
• Similar Culture. Finally, Republic and Allied share a similar culture that is centered on a shared commitment to providing industry-leading solid waste and environmental services that exceed our customers’ highest expectations.
We are well aware that some mergers in our industry, and other industries, failed because they did not focus enough on integration. We recognized this challenge and began to develop our integration process and strategy as soon as we announced our merger in June, months before the transaction was completed.

We made successful integration a high priority and identified specific integration tasks at every level throughout the combined organization. We spent more than 35,000 man-hours to develop our integration plan and to ensure that each and every employee was engaged and understood his or her role in this process.
On December 5, 2008, we completed our merger with Allied and we welcomed Allied’s customers, stockholders, and employees to Republic. However, in 2008, we also faced obstacles that began to confront many American companies, namely the ailing economy and higher operating costs. Despite these challenges, Republic’s field organization performed well.
Throughout the year, we adjusted our business as waste volumes decreased, reflecting the economic slowdown. We also maintained our disciplined approach to pricing our services. By the fourth quarter, the economy’s decline continued affecting our customers, further reducing the waste volumes we handle. Still, our ability to generate strong and predictable free cash flow remained intact even in this poor economic environment.
Our operations are national in scope, but the collection and disposal of waste is a local business. Industry dynamics and opportunities differ in each market. A strategy of combining local operating management with standardized business practices helps us keep the day-to-day business decisions at the local level — closest to the customer — while achieving greater efficiency across our operations.
Looking Ahead
Our operating strategy in 2009 will not be much different from that in past years. We will continue to focus on delivering excellent customer service. We will maintain our emphasis on safety. We will continue to price our services to ensure that the fees we charge reflect fairly the services we provide and the capital they require. We also will continue the process of integrating Republic and Allied.
For many years, Republic has enjoyed the well-deserved recognition of being an admired industry leader. Our financial performance and dedication to providing excellent service have earned us that reputation and inclusion on the Forbes magazine’s list of Best Managed Companies in America.
As a leader, we are committed to advancing sustainability in our operations and helping our customers do the same. This means ensuring that our operations are conducted in a manner consistent with environmental best practices, that environmental stewardship is a critical factor in our decision-making process, and that we serve our customers in an environmentally friendly manner. Being a leader also means recognizing the need to be stewards of the environment by offering recycling and other waste reduction services in addition to ensuring the sound management of solid waste. We are committed to assisting our customers reach their goals for sustainability through consultation, innovation and environmentally safe waste management practices.
“Building on Success” is our campaign theme in 2009. We enter this year as a highly energized and more competitive company. “Building on Success” means equipping leaders from Republic and Allied with our combined best practices to create a future that is better than either company could have achieved on its own.

In 2009, we will continue as before, only with more reach and more resources from the merger. We will stay focused on our integration effort and our growth strategy, while at the same time recognizing today’s difficult economic challenges. As always, we will continue to recruit and employ the most knowledgeable, professional, motivated and skilled people in the industry.
We believe we have a winning strategy, an enthusiastic and talented management team, the right resources and people, and a positive attitude to achieve our goals. We look forward to a bright future and another year of reaching our targets in 2009.
Sincerely,
James E. O’Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 