 

 
April 2, 2007

Dear Fellow Shareholders,

July 1, 1998 marked the first day that Republic Services, Inc. began trading on the New York Stock Exchange as a public company. Over the past nine years, our most important objec­ tive has been to deliver waste management services in a way that exceeds our customers' highest expectations and, in so doing, generate growing value for our stockholders.

Today, I am pleased to report that our commitment to cus­ tomer service is stronger than ever, and so is our dedication to increasing the value of our Company.

Republic Services has 13,000 dedicated people. They are the driving force behind our network of 135 collection compa­ nies, 33 recycling facilities, 93 transfer stations and 59 landfills. Working as a team, we proudly serve some 5 million customers in 21 states.

A year ago, I told you about our programs to improve our operations and enhance our service delivery. Additionally, I told you that we were focused on achieving better pricing and aggressively managing our costs.

Today, I can tell you these efforts were successful. The exe­ cution of this strategy resulted in record revenues and earnings in 2006.

Annual revenue increased 7.2 percent and, for the first time in our history, exceeded $3 billion. Net income grew to $279.6 million, or $2.07 per diluted share, compared with $253.7 mil­ lion, or $1.75 per diluted share, in 2005. Operating income was
$519.5 million versus $477.2 million a year earlier. Our ability  to generate strong and predictable free cash flow has been the hallmark of our business. During 2006, our free cash flow once again exceeded net income as we generated $286 million in free cash flow after adjusting for $83 million in federal taxes related to 2005 that we paid during 2006.

We used this free cash flow to reward our stockholders by paying regular quarterly dividends and repurchasing Republic stock. Our Board increased this reward to stockholders in October 2006, when it increased the annual dividend 14 per­ cent to $0.64 per share. Additionally, the Company  continued to execute its stock repurchase program. During 2006, we repurchased 12.2 million shares of Republic  Services  stock for
$492 million.   Since  inception of the program  in 2000 through
 
December 31, 2006, Republic has repurchased 63.7 million shares or approximately 36 percent of the Company's out­ standing shares, for $1.8 billion. And, our Board extended the share repurchase program and approved directing an addition­ al $250 million toward stock repurchase during 2007.

In January 2007, our Board also approved a 3-for-2 stock split, which is expected to increase trading liquidity and make ownership of our stock more accessible for individual stock­ holders.

We know record results can only flow from high-quality serv­ ice. We know our focus on quality service works.

During 2007, we will continue our emphasis on controlling costs and maximizing efficiency. We will focus on expanding margins and carefully evaluate opportunities to improve individ­ ual market positions and vertically integrate our collection, transfer, recycling and disposal operations. This will include reviewing potential acquisitions, landfill expansion projects and asset exchanges with the same disciplined approach that we have used in the past. Just as we have done over the past nine years, we will focus on building customer loyalty. And, of course, we will continue to manage the Company by emphasiz­ ing the generation and use of free cash flow.

From our very first day in business, we have constantly focused on customer satisfaction. We are always working to fine-tune our measurement systems to be sure  we consider and address all the things customers tell us are important if we are to surpass their expectations.

Our people have a shared goal - to exceed our customers' highest  expectations.   We call this commitment CustomerFirst.

Our motto for 2007 is "Driving for Excellence." It recognizes the efforts across all of Republic's functions and disciplines to achieve customer satisfaction and increase  stockholder value.

We appreciate your confidence in us and we pledge to con­ tinue to work hard in the years ahead.

Sincerely,
o,
James E. O'Connor Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
