 A Message to Shareholders
ееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее
Partnerships for Success
As the premiere performer in our industry during the last four years, Republic Services has grown principally through acquisitions. In 2001, we continued our work to achieve maximum utilization and value from the assets we purchased. Our on-going task is to remain sharply focused on creat- ing a company with a solid operating platform to benefit our customers and you, our valued share- holders.
We are happy to report that in 2001 we made excellent progress. We strengthened our business platform and we provided our field management teams with the tools necessary to achieve steady, profitable growth in our diverse markets.
As we strive to reach our full potential, we are placing even greater emphasis on cultivating and developing partnerships ╨ with our employees, with our customers, with our vendors, with our com- munities, with the environment and with our investors. We call these "partnerships for success" and they are built on our integrity and our reliability as individuals and as a corporation.
2001 - A Steady Performance
Because "there will always be garbage," some people assume that our industry is recession-proof. It isn╒t. The fact is, we are recession-resilient. Despite a slowdown in business from our industrial and commercial customers ╨ especially in the second half of the year ╨ we were able to grow revenue in every quarter of 2001. For the entire year, revenue grew more than 7 percent to $2.26 billion.
The highlight of our financial performance in 2001 was generating $147 million in free cash flow, or the amount of cash left in our business after subtracting capital investments. We emphasize this performance measure because it is a useful proxy for the health of a business. The ability to generate substantial free cash flow from operations, as Republic does, reflects high quality earnings and is a sign of solid performance and disciplined management.
In 2001, our success at generating free cash flow allowed us to make a number of significant investments. We used this cash to first grow the business internally. We also sought strategic acqui- sitions that strengthened our business platform such as the purchase of Richmond Sanitary Service in Richmond, California. And, we repurchased 5.6 million of our own shares for $99 million. We did this without increasing our debt load as a percentage of total capitalization, which continues to be the lowest in our industry. We are proud that we remain the only company among our peers with an investment grade rating on our senior debt from all credit rating agencies.
To our investors, whether they are shareholders or bondholders, our performance in 2001 offers further proof of our commitment to extracting the most value possible from our assets and to retain- ing our investment-grade debt rating.
Investing in our Business
A little more than a year ago, we were a largely decentralized collection of smaller companies. One of our strengths was - and continues to be ╨ that local management made many of the deci- sions. However, we weren╒t taking full advantage of our size.
Recognizing this, we focused on creating a structure that would maintain the benefits of our decentralized decision-making, while also realizing the benefits of leveraging our size as a large, inte- grated company. In other words, we worked to standardize, not centralize. We gave our employees the tools they need to do their jobs better and to build a stronger company.
We continued to select talented individuals to fill key positions, especially in sales, maintenance, finance and operations in each of our five regions. We provided each of our divisions with new and
1

 James E. O╒Connor H. Wayne Huizenga
President & Chief Executive Officer Chairman of the Board
ееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее

  A Message to Shareholders
ееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее
innovative tools to help them optimize their operations. These tools help in a variety of areas, from evaluating disposal alternatives, tracking maintenance and strengthening preventive maintenance programs to optimizing customer pricing, enhancing route productivity and setting "best practice" standards. We implemented a database tool to help our sales force identify, track and sell to prospec- tive customers. We also beefed up our training programs to ensure that we have the most talented people serving our customers. And, we standardized our operating and financial systems which allows us to quickly gather, analyze and respond to business information. In a nutshell, we took what we already had and made it more efficient and effective.
Partnerships for Success
As we said at the beginning of this letter, we believe that we have made great progress in maxi- mizing the value of our assets. We have also stressed to our people the importance of "partnerships for success." Our team understands that these partnerships are tightly integrated: that is, each one affects and is affected by the others. Helping people understand how these partnerships work toge- ther remains one of our chief objectives.
Our partnership with employees means that we will continue communicating and sharing our goals for service and productivity. In 2001, we initiated a series of regional meetings to communicate our vision of the company to our employees and to make sure everyone was "on the same page." This is critical because we value our employees and we encourage them to take ownership of our success.
For our customers, partnership means understanding their needs and exceeding their expectations. Republic╒s employees understand that customers are our lifeline and we will keep them only by improving our service delivery and the quality of our pricing, thus producing the highest level of ser- vice at the lowest cost.
Vendors are also key partners in our success. Whether providing trucks or software or training, the quality of their service and pricing affects ours, so it╒s important that we work together to meet our respective goals.
We are committed to understanding and supporting the communities where we live, work and do business to help improve the quality of life. As a company, we embrace community partnerships and welcome our role as a responsible corporate citizen and community leader.
These are the partnerships that will help us keep the best employees, operate efficiently, retain our current customers, expand our markets and support our environmental stewardship. That╒s why these partnerships are more than just a slogan for this report; they are the foundation for our future success.
Republic Services - Your Partner
Now that we are beyond the initial stage of rapid growth, it╒s fair to ask whether Republic is still a good investment. We think it is and we plan on continuing to increase shareholder value.
In 2002, we will continue to grow the business internally and improve our operations; we will con- tinue to seek good acquisition opportunities; we will continue our practice of purchasing Republic stock when appropriate (our Board has authorized another $125 million for this purpose in 2002); we will retire debt if we can improve our financial strength by doing so; and we will continue to develop our "partnerships for success." We will do all of the above while maintaining a strong balance sheet.
The most important reason for believing that Republic continues to offer shareholder value should be obvious, but it╒s worth repeating: One of the chief benefits of saying that you are a solid, predictable company is actually being a solid, predictable company.
During the past two years, a number of companies have treated their investors, their customers and
3

 A Message to Shareholders
ееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееееее
even their employees to some unpleasant surprises. In contrast, Republic Services has worked hard to avoid surprises. Our partnerships mandate that we have straightforward objectives ╨ and we do. Every day we are working to provide clear and transparent financial reporting, maintain a strong financial profile and offer the best service available in our industry.
Clarity in financial reporting is not new to Republic Services. In 1999, some of our shareholders expressed concern about the industry╒s financial disclosure. We heard these concerns and addressed them by providing a detailed description of additional financial, business and accounting-related information, including our landfill accounting practices. Today, we continue to provide our investors with detailed information about the cash flow generating capabilities of our company, while enabling them to compare our accounting practices with others inside and outside our industry. As in past years, we are including additional disclosure in this Annual Report, such as our summary of ╥Critical Accounting Policies and Disclosures,╙in an effort to provide better understanding of our company's complete financial condition.
We are pleased with where the pursuit of these objectives has brought us, and we are excited about where that pursuit will lead us. We believe you - our shareholders - will be, too.
Sincerely,
April 2, 2002
H. Wayne Huizenga James E. O╒Connor
Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer
  