 A Message to Shareholders
Dear Shareholders,
2002 was an outstanding year for Republic Services. We achieved record financial results and completed the year with the strongest bal- ance sheet in our industry. Our solid performance in a weak and uncertain economy reflects the quality of our organization, the dedication of our 12,700 employees and the strategic investments we have made to strengthen our business.
Managing solid waste is a straightforward business. Everyday, we focus on picking up trash and recyclables. We process the recyclables and dispose of the waste. Our daily tasks, however, should not be perceived as easy. It takes discipline, hard work and consistency to deliv- er results.
The Company’s attention in 2002 was directed at fine-tuning our operations and our business. We evaluated our needs, determined what would work, communicated our objectives and, most importantly, executed our plan.
A common thread runs through the fabric of our organization. That thread is customer service. From early in the Company’s forma- tion, our team understood the importance of providing the highest quality of customer service. We realized that growth would be the result of good customer service. We knew it made sense for us to make investments aimed at improving services that would be valued by our customers and, in helping to grow our business, create value for you, our shareholders. This approach makes sense for Republic. The results can be seen in our 2002 performance.
Republic’s shareholders were rewarded in 2002 with the strongest results in the Company’s brief history. Revenue grew to $2.4 billion, while net income expanded to $239.6 million. Additionally, in 2002, Republic completed a $150 million stock repurchase program. Our ability to generate significant and predictable levels of cash is noteworthy. Equally important is how we intend to use our free cash. Our plan is to reinvest in our business primarily through internal growth, a disciplined acquisition strategy and repurchasing our stock.
The evolution of Republic, from an acquisition-oriented company into a stable and predictable force in the solid waste industry, was carefully undertaken during the past two years. Our plan ensured that our customers were always well served during this process. Key to our evolution were initiatives focused on improvements in the four areas of sales, operations, maintenance and finance. Equally important were the people of Republic who brought enthusiasm, innovation and expertise to their jobs.
In March 2002, Mike Cordesman was named Republic’s chief operating officer, stepping up from his post as regional vice president of the Eastern Region. An industry veteran with more than 22 years of experience, Mike was promoted because of his proven record of suc- cess. In the last year, he has solidified the field management structure and focused it on increased productivity in the areas of operations, maintenance, sales and safety. I am pleased that, in February 2003, he accepted the added responsibility of serving as president of Republic Services.
On a personal note, the Board afforded me the privilege of succeeding Wayne Huizenga as its chairman beginning this year. Wayne inspires all of us and I am pleased that he continues to serve as a member of our Board. I am grateful to the Board for their guidance and sincerely appreciate the trust that they have placed in me to lead this organization.
In the last year, we have seen positive results come from our revenue enhancement and cost reduction efforts. Continuing these activities - and other initiatives - will ensure that we achieve solid returns for our share- holders. Ultimately, we expect these efforts to culminate in greater free cash flow and shareholder value.
The last year was, indeed, an outstanding one for Republic. I am indebted to the entire Republic team for the exceptional effort they gave. Their remarkable effort allowed us to record our strong performance in 2002. As always, I am excited about the many opportunities that lie ahead, and I look forward to reporting more progress and more value for our shareholders in 2003. Republic Services is,
without a doubt, the Place to Be.
Sincerely,
James E. O’Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 March 27, 2003
