                                                   board of directors
William h. sWanson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Raytheon Company
james e. cartWright
General, U.S. Marine Corps (Ret.) Former Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
frederic m. Poses
Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Trane, Inc.
michael c. ruettgers*
Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer EMC Corporation
vernon e. clarK
 dear fellow shareholders
Admiral, U.S. Navy (Ret.) ronald l. sKates Former U.S. Navy Chief Retired President and
 raytheon
Chief Executive Officer
team
of Naval Operations
Data General Corporation
john m. deutch
celebrated its 90th anniversary in
Institute Professor
Massachusetts Institute of Technology Retired President and
2012, and we stayed true to our proud history by delivering solid
Chief Executive Officer Luminent, Inc.
higher than expected earnings and cash flow for the year.
*Lead Director
Demand for our broad portfolio of cutting-edge technologies and innovative solutions resulted in bookings in excess of expec- tations, and we ended 2012 with a record funded backlog.
During a year that also marked our 60th anniversary on
the New York Stock Exchange, Raytheon again delivered solid
returns for our shareholders. Our adjusted earnings per share
ershiP William h. sWanson Keith j. Peden
from conCtihnauirminagn aondpCehriaeftEioxencustivwe Oafsfic$er6.21 comSenpioarrVeidce Pwreistidhen$t 5.85 for
operating results.
stePhen j. hadley
Principal
linda g. stuntz
RiceHadleyGates LLC
Our focus on program execution andPalrotnwer ering costs drove
Raytheon Company Human Resources and Security 2011, an increase of 6 percent. We had sRtaryothneogn Coopmeparnayting cash
daniel j. croWley*
President rebecca r. rhoads
flow from continuing operations of $2 billion in 2012. The year
Network Centric Systems GBS Group Leader
included t$h5o0m0asm.ilcluiollnigian discretionary cash contributions to the
Senior Vice President
companyB’suspinesns Dsieovenlopmlaent,sR,IIfollowing a $750 million contribution
marK e. russell
Vice President
Engineering, Technology and
Raytheon Company
we made in 2011.
lynn a. dugle*
President
Mission Assurance
We recorded strong bookings of $26.5 billion in 2012, with a book-to-bill ratio of 1.09.
Intelligence and Information Systems
Raytheon Company
We ended 2012 with a backlog of $36.2 billion, compared with $35.3 billion at the end
laWrence j. harrington
jay b. stePhens
of 2011, andVoicuerP2re0s1id2enfut nded backlog was $24.0 billion, an increase of more than $1.5
Senior Vice President
billion from 2011. General Counsel and Secretary
Internal Audit Raytheon Company
Raytheon Company
We received strong domestic orders for missiles, radars, training, communications and
john d. harris ii*
david c. Wajsgras
classified proPgreasmidse.nItnternationally, we received orders for command and control systems,
Senior Vice President and precision munitions, and sensors, among many other awardCsh. IinefteFrinanticoinalaOl rfefivcenr ue was 26
Technical Services
thomas a. Kennedy, Ph.d.* Raytheon Company
percent of our total 2012 revenue – setting the standard for our industry and continuing to
Pamela a. WicKham
Vice President
Corporate Affairs and Communicatio
President
validate our international strategy.
Integrated Defense Systems
In 2012, wetmayalinotrainWe.dlaoWurebnaclaen,cPehd.da.pproach to capital deployment. We repurchased
President
Raytheon Company
15.9 million shares of our common stock for approximately $825 million, and we increased
Missile Systems
m. david WilKins
our dividend by 16 percent in 2012 – the eighth consecutive year with an increase.
edWard miyashiro
Vice President
Vice President
Contracts and Supply Chain
William r. sPivey
Stuntz, Davis & Staffier, P.C.
Vice President and
Chief Information Officer
Raytheon Company
lead
Raytheon Company Evaluation Team
Raytheon Company
richard r. yuse
President
Space and Airborne Systems
* Effective April 1, 2013, Mr. Crowley was elected President, Integrated Defense Systems; Ms. Dugle was elected President, Intelligence, Information and Services; Mr. Harris was elected General Manager, Intelligence, Information and Services; and Mr. Kennedy was elected
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Raytheon Company.
ns

                                              We also took advantage of attractive interest rates over the longer term by issuing $1.1 billion of 10-year debt at 2.5 percent, using the proceeds primarily to retire our 2014 and 2015 maturities. Our next debt maturity is not due until 2018. The company ended the year with a strong balance sheet and net debt of $687 million.
As a technology and innovation leader, we continued our strategy of making acquisitions that strengthen our capabilities and help us better meet customer needs. We acquired SafeNet’s Government Solutions business, a world-class provider of encryption technol- ogy that aligns well with Raytheon’s advanced strategic and tactical communications capabilities. Additionally, our acquisition of Teligy, Inc. further extends our cybersecurity offerings in wireless communications.
Global Technology and Innovation Leader
When we reflect on how far Raytheon has come since our founding, few in 1922 could have envisioned the idea of doing things like intercepting a ballistic missile in space or building radars powerful enough to essentially track a baseball hit out of Fenway Park in Boston from the old diamond at Candlestick Park in San Francisco. These were once the realm of science fiction, but no more: they are part of Raytheon’s rich heritage.
While our world has changed a lot since 1922, what remains steadfast is Raytheon’s consistent focus on excellence in technology and innovation, and tackling some of our customers’ hardest problems. It is what we are known for around the world, and why our customers know they can count on us again and again for affordable and innovative solutions. As a result, today we are seeing global demand for our capabilities in Missile Defense, ISR (Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance), electronic warfare, cyber, C3I (Command, Control, Communications and Intelligence) and training.
The exciting things we are doing today include continuing to break new ground with our air and missile defense capabilities. Raytheon’s new-production Patriot Air and Missile Defense system received the U.S. Army’s final stamp of approval in 2012 after undergo- ing stringent testing, and we delivered the first upgraded Patriot radar for Kuwait. We received $1.4 billion in Standard Missile-3 contract awards, and the U.S. Navy awarded us a $313.8 million contract for low-rate initial production of Standard Missile-6 all-up rounds. To meet this demand, we opened a new, state-of-the-art missile integration facility in Huntsville, Ala., where we will complete final assembly and testing of SM-3 and SM-6 interceptors.
 Our world has changed a lot since 1922. What remains steadfast is Raytheon’s consistent focus on excellence in technology and innovation, and tackling some of our customers’ hardest problems.
                              Our ISR capabilities provide customers with accurate, timely and actionable information in many domains. In the air, our Advanced Targeting Forward Looking Infrared (ATFLIR) pod surpassed more than one million hours of operational flight on the U.S. Navy’s F/A-18 Super Hornet aircraft. In space, Raytheon’s Visible Infrared Imager Radiometer Suite on the Suomi NPP satellite has been providing meteorologists and climate scientists with out- standing imagery for more precise forecasts and data, in addition to some truly stunning, detailed images of Earth such as the “Blue Marble,” “White Marble” and “Black Marble.”
 2012
Safest year in company history
 International revenue was
26%
of our total 2012 revenue
Named one of America’s most
community- minded companies
in The Civic 50
     
                                                           Raytheon’s electronic warfare products have earned a worldwide reputation for perfor- mance and reliability, and in 2012 we delivered the 700th ALR-67(V)3 radar warning receiver system to the U.S. Navy, and achieved the seventh year of on-time deliveries. Looking to the future, we have completed the development and test program for the ALR-69A all-digital radar warning receiver system for the U.S. Air Force, clearing the systems for fielding on a variety of platforms, including C-17, AC/MC/C-130 and F-16 aircraft.
Building on more than 30 years of providing customers with secure information assur- ance, Raytheon’s advanced cyber capabilities and professionals have driven the growth of our cyber business. We are committed to delivering cyber resiliency through a layered defense and are continually enhancing our cyber capabilities to protect against evolving threats.
In our core C3I market, we are growing our position as a leading provider of strategic communication terminals to provide secure, protected communications for our custom- ers’ most sensitive missions. We are producing the Navy Multiband Terminal for the U.S. Navy, the Secure Mobile Anti-jam Reliable Tactical Terminal for the U.S. Army, and the Minuteman Minimum Essential Emergency Communications Network program upgrade for the U.S. Air Force. Additionally, in 2012, we were awarded a $70 million competitive alternate development contract from the Air Force for the Family of Advanced Beyond Line of Sight Terminal program that will allow for secure communications between military aircraft, ground sites and the new higher-data-rate satellites.
  FROM LEFT TO RIGHT:
E. Miyashiro, D. Wilkins, T. Culligan,
P. Wickham, L. Harrington, J. Stephens, D. Ethridge (NYSE SVP), K. Peden,
W. Swanson, R. Goglia, D. Wajsgras,
T. Kennedy, T. Lawrence, R. Rhoads,
D. Crowley, T. Ernst
nOT pICTuREd:
L. Dugle, J. Harris, M. Russell, R. Yuse
 Raytheon continues to transform training, and during the year, we grew our world- class training capabilities in oil and gas safety, healthcare and cybersecurity and, inter- nationally, in the automotive and telecommunications sectors. Our leadership in the training market was recognized again in 2012 with our designation as the No.1 training outsource provider in HRO Today magazine’s “Baker’s Dozen” in Learning for the fourth year in a row, and in being named to the 2012 “Top Learning Portal Companies” and “Top Workforce Development Companies” lists by Training Industry, Inc.
Focused on Continuous Improvement
In today’s challenging and dynamic environment, we are focused on the things we can control – on continually finding new ways to deliver world-class technology while reducing costs and improving efficiencies. Our emphasis on continuous improvement is part of our DNA, and is how we have long managed and run the company.
This strategy builds on the lessons we learned during the 1990s. One of these lessons was the importance of common systems. Back then, we had work where we did not need it, and we did not have work where we really needed it. The work load was next to impossible to balance efficiently. That is why we have focused so much over the last few years on common business systems, engineering systems and people systems
                                                                                           Scan this QR code to watch Raytheon celebrate 60 years on the NYSE by ringing the closing bell.

 throughout the company. Now we have the flexibility to quickly react to customer needs by using our common systems to seamlessly move work across the company, which we believe gives us a competitive advantage.
The Strength of the Raytheon Culture
We also draw strength from our strong Raytheon culture which marked many milestones in 2012.
Raytheon continued to deploy best-in-class Environmental, Health and Safety programs, and the company had the safest year in its history. Our recordable injury rate improved 8.6% over 2011. These results are industry leading and are a product of our world-class processes and operating discipline.
In the area of diversity, the company once again achieved a 100-percent score on the Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Corporate Equality Index, marking the eighth consecu- tive year we have achieved this recognition.
We increased our support of science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) education with the launch of MathAlive!TM, an interactive museum experience that explores exciting math-powered activities. The traveling exhibit, which debuted at the Smithsonian in Washington, D.C., is now on a multi-year tour of science centers and museums across the United States.
Our community relations efforts were recognized by the National Conference on Citizenship and Points of Light, when they named Raytheon one of America’s most community-minded companies in The Civic 50 – the first scientific evaluation used to rank companies that best use their time, talent and resources to improve the quality of life where they do business.
Collectively, these achievements reflect the strength of Raytheon’s Vision, Strategy, Goals and Values (VSGVs) as principles that bind each of our employees together with a common mission of customer success.
Ready for the Future
Our proud past and 2012 success would not have been possible without our people. They are world class, innovative and constantly leaning forward. Rallied around the solid foundation of our VSGVs, they are capable of truly amazing things; as we have seen from our history, things that were once thought impossible.
As we look ahead, there are always challenges. However, it is important to remember that this is not the first downturn we have faced. Our U.S. government customers have been operating under various continuing resolutions and the threat of sequestration for a while now, and the company continues to perform well. This is a testament to the strength of our strategy, leadership and the operating talent across the company.
We believe we have a proven strategy that is well aligned to this environment and our customers, both domestic and international, who still need our affordable and innova- tive systems and solutions in a dangerous world.
For these reasons and more, we feel good about our position, our company and our future. A proud member of the Raytheon team for 41 years,
WILLIAM H. SWANSON CHAIRMAN AND
CHIEF ExECUTIVE OFFICER MARCH 2013
  VISION VISION
STRATEGY
viSion
VISION STRATEGY
STRaTegy
    TRATEGY TRATEGY
  GOALS
goalS
TRATEGY GOALS
valueS
  GOALS
 GOALS VALUES
VALUES GOALS
VALUES VALUES
VALUES
                                                S S
S
