Dear fellow shareholDers,
in2011,Raytheon once again delivered solid operating results. We capitalized on global market opportunities and successfully managed the challenges of an evolving economic environment both domestically and internationally. In this environment, we focused on the things that we could control and what we do best. We executed our strategy. We continued to implement efficiencies across the businesses, lowering our costs. We provided more
affordable, innovative solutions to our customers.
This ultimately allowed us to deliver solid returns for our shareholders. Our margins, earnings and cash flow were all better than expected, and our bookings and backlog were strong. For the year, our adjusted earn- ings per share from continuing operations was $5.90 compared to $5.51 for the full-year 2010. We had strong operating cash flow from continuing operations of $2.2 billion in 2011, compared to $1.9 billion in 2010. Both 2011 and 2010 included $750 million in discretionary cash contributions to the company’s pension plans.
We reported strong bookings of $26.6 billion in 2011 compared to $24.4 billion in 2010, resulting in a book- to-bill ratio of 1.07. We ended 2011 with a backlog of $35.3 billion, compared to $34.6 billion at the end of 2010.
Our international business was a bright spot and a key driver of our 2011 bookings strength. International bookings represented 29 percent of total company bookings for the year, demonstrating the continued success of our international strategy. We have the

         VISION
STRATEGY
vision|strategy|goals|values
largest percentage of international sales among our peer companies, with sales in 81 countries.
During the year, we continued to execute our balanced approach to capital deployment. We repurchased 27.1 million shares of common stock for approximately $1.3 billion. We also increased our dividend by 15 percent in 2011 – the seventh consecutive year with an increase.
A Well-Aligned Portfolio
Our solid results speak to the execution of our strategy. With some 8,000 programs and more than 15,000 contracts, Raytheon is well positioned with a portfolio of depth and breadth spanning the five interconnected domains of air, land, sea, space and cyberspace. We also have a focus on delivering capabilities and solutions that offer the best value.
In 2011, our affordable and innovative solutions were well aligned with priority areas for both our domestic and international customers, including Missile Defense, Electronic Warfare, ISR (Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance), Cyber, Communications and Training.
In Missile Defense, we were awarded contracts to upgrade Saudi Arabia’s PatriotTM Air and Missile Defense System to the latest Configuration-3 and to provide
three new Patriot fire units for Taiwan. Marking the first international sale of the product, the United Arab Emirates ordered two AN/TPY-2 radars – the world’s most advanced forward-looking, mobile radars and a key sensing component of the THAAD missile defense system. We also acquired the assets of Ktech Corpora- tion as part of our strategy to extend and enhance our offerings in the effects and electronic warfare markets.
The constantly changing global threat environment drives demand for our ISR capabilities across military, border control and humanitarian missions. We also strengthened our advanced global ISR solutions with the acquisition of Applied Signal Technology, Inc.
As the electronic warfare market evolves from one largely aimed at self protection to one encompass- ing a broader array of capabilities to include cyber, signals intelligence, and electronic attack, Raytheon is well positioned to participate at the forefront of these trends. In 2011, we had significant bookings across the spectrum of our EW product line, and continued to mature the technology required for multiple, near-term competitive procurements.
In the cyber domain, we continued to grow our position, and we further enhanced our decades of experience in
GOALS
VALUES

 air|land|sea|space|cyber
cybersecurity, information operations and information assurance with the acquisitions of Henggeler Computer Consultants, Inc., and Pikewerks Corporation.
We are broadening our market presence in command and control, and communications by delivering the power of the network to global customers in growth markets like air traffic management and public safety.
We expanded our market-leading training capabilities into new commercial areas and geographies, including healthcare throughout the U.S., and vocational training in Europe and Asia.
Controlling WhAt We CAn Control
In a challenging and fluid environment, the Raytheon team has been focused on the things we can control. This called for us to deliver more affordable and innovative solutions while reducing our costs, implementing effi- ciencies and operating with improved speed and agility.
With our U.S. government customers being asked to do more with less, we are working closely with them to reduce costs, shorten timelines and improve efficiency, while passing back savings to them.
We have streamlined our supply chain, reduced over- head and optimized utilization. Our companywide,
integrated enterprise platform of common processes and systems spans all major functions: Finance, Supply Chain, Contracts and Human Resources, as well as Manufacturing and Engineering.
This emphasis on efficiencies is not new. It has been part of a multiyear strategy and, in 2011, our integrated enterprise platforms supported more than 85 percent of our business transactions, supply spend and manufacturing volume – helping drive our cost- efficiency efforts.
With our culture of continuous improvement, these efforts are never truly done. We will continue to look for, and drive efficiencies across the company.
Committed to CorPorAte resPonsibility
We also take a long view with our corporate responsibil- ity commitments – to future generations, to our com- munities and to our people.
In 2011, we further strengthened our commitment to inspiring students toward rewarding careers in science, technology, engineering and mathematics. Our signa- ture MathMovesU® program has now touched the lives of more than 3 million students, teachers and parents. These efforts were bolstered by the engagement of

 thousands of Raytheon employee volunteers, who doubled their logged volunteer hours over the previous year.
Our commitment to contemporary corporate govern- ance and ethics is also steadfast. We continually focus on good governance to ensure we bring value to our share- holders in all our actions. Raytheon’s comprehensive eth- ics education program leads the industry and supports the company’s values, reinforcing the highest standards of ethical conduct in all of our business activities.
In the areas of sustainability and safety, we finished 2011 with the best Environmental Health and Safety per- formance in the company’s history. Our sustainability program received more recognition, and we set the bar higher with some ambitious
new sustainability goals. In addi- tion, our safety performance was world class and industry leading.
our Vision, strAtegy,
goAls And VAlues: Consistent And ProVen
As always, it was Raytheon’s Vision, Strategy, Goals and Values that served as a “corner stone” for
all we accomplished during the year. Our VSGVs also are a path for action – a vital compass to guide us as we create and embrace
new opportunities.
As we approach the 90th anniversary of our company in 2012, Raytheon remains strong, and we are well positioned for continued growth in the future, with a consistent, proven strategy and a solid financial foun- dation. We are focused on the right areas and have a strong portfolio for this challenging environment.
We are also blessed with the world-class talent of our 71,000 Raytheon teammates, and their hard work, dedication and focus on customer success. United by our VSGVs, I like to think there is nothing
they cannot do.
A proud member of the Raytheon team for 40 years,
William H. Swanson Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer March 2012
Our sOlid results speak tO the executiOn Of Our strategy
   