 Dear Fellow Shareholders,
Two years ago, we made the strategic decision to focus our company on top-line growth, with the expectation that aligning our financial resources and world-class people would lay the foundation
for a return to growth after years of reduced U.S. government defense budgets. Our most optimistic projections were that growth would return in 2016. Today, I am very pleased to report that we exceeded those goals and that your company returned to growth in 2015 — a full year ahead of plan.
This success did not happen by accident. It required the dedication and hard work of all of our 61,000 employees — each contributing his or her expertise to the company’s strategy, goals and objectives. Their successful execution of our growth strategy and increased demand from our global customers generated solid operating performance in 2015.
Our overall results for 2015 bookings, sales, earnings
per share and cash flow all met or exceeded our expectations. Our 2015 net sales of $23.2 billion were up 2 percent compared to 2014. For the full-year 2015, our EPS from continuing operations was $6.75, operating income was $3.0 billion, and operating cash flow from continuing operations was $2.3 billion, after a $200 million pretax discretionary pension plan contribution.
Strong customer demand was reflected in our 2015 bookings of $25.2 billion, a 5 percent increase over 2014, which positions us well going into 2016. Furthermore, total backlog at the end of 2015 was $34.7 billion, an increase of $1.1 billion over 2014.
Additionally, our international strategy continued to be
a key driver of our results. In 2015, 31 percent of our net sales were international, marking a new company record. International business comprised 34 percent of our total 2015 bookings and 43 percent of our total backlog at the end of 2015.
“Your company returned to growth in 2015 — a full year ahead of plan.”
Balanced Capital Deployment Strategy
This strong fundamental performance provided a foundation for continuing our balanced capital deployment strategy. Our overall objective is always to create shareholder value, and for the full-year 2015, the company repurchased 9 million shares of common stock for $1.0 billion. We also raised our dividend by 10.7 percent in 2015, marking the 11th consecutive annual increase. These moves and our performance contributed to Raytheon’s stock price reaching several all-time highs
in 2015, and our stock outperformed the S&P 500 index for the fifth consecutive year.
A strong financial position also provided us with the flexibility to support future growth and meet customer needs through strategic acquisitions. We made three acquisitions during the year to strengthen our capabilities in cyber markets. Most notably, we acquired from Vista Equity Partners its premier commercial cybersecurity business, Websense, and entered into a joint venture with Vista Equity Partners, combining Websense with Raytheon Cyber Products to form our new ForcepointTM business.
 1

  2
Global Demand from Across Our Portfolio
As I travel around the world, I am hearing from many customers about their need to invest in a strong defense to deter evolving threats. The capabilities they are seeking, and that we are partnering with them to deliver, are well aligned with our core strengths. So more than ever before, demand from our global customers is broad-based
and diversified.
MISSILE DEFENSE: Raytheon continued to demonstrate our industry leadership across all elements of missile defense. The Patriot Air and Missile Defense System repeatedly proved its effectiveness in 2015 by intercepting more than 10 ballistic missiles during combat operations. Demand for Patriot’s capabilities continued to grow as evidenced by bookings of $2.0 billion for the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and $769 million for the Republic of Korea. In a landmark test, Standard Missile-6 demonstrated multimission capabilities as it intercepted a ballistic missile target, and the program transitioned to full-rate production. Our land-based Standard Missile-3 supported by the AN/TPY-2 radar achieved its first intercept in space, and we began flight testing the SM-3® Block IIA in a year when SM-3 contract awards totaled more than $1 billion.
“Our performance contributed to Raytheon’s stock price reaching several all-time highs in 2015, and our stock outperformed the S&P 500 index for the fifth consecutive year.”
C5ITM CAPABILITIES: We are leveraging our deep experience in command, control, communications, computers, cyber and intelligence systems to combine sensors and advanced networks that create entirely new ways of perceiving the world. During the year, we grew our leadership position in Advanced Extremely High Frequency satellite communications, with an award for low-rate initial production of terminals for the U.S. Air Force’s Family of Advanced Beyond Line of Sight
Our international sales achieved
A NEW COMPANY RECORD in 2015
(FAB-T) program, which positions us to deploy this critical capability on multiple airborne platforms. The Air Force also awarded us an indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity contract with a $393 million ceiling value to continue mission support for its Distributed Common Ground System, the service’s primary intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance analysis tool. We continued our strong performance as the prime mission-systems equipment integrator for the DDG 1000 Zumwalt-class destroyer program, especially during DDG 1000’s Alpha Trials, a week-long, at-sea exercise that demonstrated key ship capabilities. Internationally, we booked $163 million to continue development on the Air Defense Operations Center for Qatar.
CYBERSECURITY: We made significant progress
in 2015 on our strategy to bring advanced cybersecurity capabilities to commercial and government customers around the world. We increased our presence in the commercial cyber market with the formation of Forcepoint, establishing a strong competitive position via the breadth and depth of Forcepoint’s product offerings. In the government realm, our strong international cyber business grew with the securing of two new countries as customers for our cybersecurity solutions to protect their networks against advanced cyber threats.
ELECTRONIC WARFARE: Raytheon has long been a leader in electronic warfare, and in 2015 we extended our leadership by focusing on the convergence of EW, cyber and signals intelligence. We are building a next- generation EW business with highly successful flight
tests of the Next Generation Jammer program and a series of airborne cyber capability flight demonstrations. Our EW Planning and Management Tool successfully completed U.S. Army Interoperability Certification and Operational Testing, which will lead to initial unit fielding. We also successfully completed operational tests with the Air Force for the Miniature Air Launched Decoy-Jammer (MALD®-J), satisfying all requirements to attain Initial Operational Capability.

 PRECISION WEAPONS: Raytheon is enabling customer missions with an unprecedented level of accuracy by employing evolved seekers, laser guidance and advanced digital signal processing. We continued modernizing Tomahawk as evidenced by the U.S. Navy demonstrating the ability of Tomahawk to strike a moving target at sea. The U.S. Air Force completed operational testing of the Advanced Medium-Range Air-to-Air Missile’s latest variant, and we booked $637 million to produce the AMRAAM® missile for domestic and international customers. The
U.S. Navy approved full-rate production for the AIM-9X® Block II SidewinderTM air-to-air missile, and the PavewayTM missile continued its role as a preferred air-to-ground weapon with new bookings exceeding $1 billion.
TRAINING AND MISSION SUPPORT: With decades of experience and cutting-edge technologies, we are delivering training and full lifecycle mission support solutions worldwide. In 2015, we secured a competitive win with a $700 million ceiling value to support the mission-critical command and control systems at the North American Aerospace Defense Command’s Cheyenne Mountain Complex. NASA awarded us a contract extension with a potential value of $102 million for work at its Johnson Space Center to support facilities that are critical to human spaceflight, such as operations and engineering services at the Neutral Buoyancy Lab and Space Vehicle Mockup Facility. We also booked $963 million on the Warfighter FOCUS contract that provides high-consequence training services and support to the U.S. Army, other military branches, and allied and coalition forces around the world.
Investing in Next-Generation Capabilities
We clearly have the right solutions for today. To ensure that we have the right solutions for tomorrow, we
have increased our investments in Raytheon’s business, technologies and capabilities. Our internal research and development reached 3 percent of the company’s sales
in 2015. We used this funding to invest in next-generation technologies and capabilities to increase our competitiveness and drive Raytheon’s long-term growth.
Our customers are looking to us for next-generation capabilities to counter increasingly sophisticated threats that are developing on the horizon. We have heard them
“We are continuously focused on lowering our costs, enhancing our competitiveness and improving affordability for our customers.”
and are innovating to create game-changing technologies of the future — ranging from hypersonics and cybersecurity to high-energy lasers. For example, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency awarded Raytheon a $20 million contract to continue development work in the area of hypersonics. Our extensive experience in developing advanced guided systems uniquely positions us to solve the many technical challenges associated with hypersonic flight. We also continue to establish ourselves as a technology leader in high-energy lasers with an award on the Missile Defense Laser Development program, which is a precursor to a demonstration program.
Improving Affordability and Competitiveness
In this environment, we are also continuously focused on lowering our costs, enhancing our competitiveness and improving affordability for our customers. A few examples of our many efforts and initiatives include executing our strategic sourcing strategy to reduce costs in our supply chain; leveraging our centralized Global Business Services organization to more efficiently provide back-office support to Raytheon’s businesses; and reducing our footprint, taking out a gross total of 1.9 million square feet in 2015. In addition, we continue to look at all areas of our company to reduce complexity and further improve productivity.
In 2015, we raised our dividend for the
11TH YEAR in a row
  
                  Guided by Our Vision, Strategy and Values
Another way we strengthen our competitiveness is by uniting our 61,000 employees worldwide as one team, aligned around our Raytheon vision, strategy and values.
Our values build on each other. They begin with trust, which is fundamental and is reinforced by our ethical culture of integrity and a top score from Transparency International-UK in 2015. Trust leads to respect and is demonstrated when we embrace diversity and inclusion; as a result, Raytheon was named a “Best Place to Work” by the Human Rights Campaign® for the 11th year in a row. Respect enables collaboration, and we are benefiting from this dynamic after transforming our employee resource groups to better align with business priorities and harness the power of diverse ideas and experiences. Collaboration inspires innovation, where we challenge the status quo in all areas, not just in our technologies. At the end of the day, we need to have accountability, honoring commitments to our customers, our communities and each other.
Taken together, we are one global team creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place. This vision has been widely embraced by the Raytheon team since we introduced it in March 2015. It captures the essence of what we do and why we do it. And when I share it with the customers I meet, it resonates strongly with them too.
Confident in Our Future
Today, we turn our attention to the future of the company: setting new goals and objectives to maximize shareholder value while ensuring customer success. We do this from a solid position. Our company is performing very well, our growth strategy is working, and we are confident in our future. Internationally, the global environment continues to drive demand for our solutions, and domestically, increased budgets are paving the way for growth from our U.S. defense customers for the first time since 2009.
Now that we have returned to growth, our focus will be on accelerating that growth and expanding our margins.
I want to thank each and every member of the Raytheon team for a great year and for our enviable position. Their outstanding efforts, commitment and alignment yielded great results. They are driven by purpose, rising
to the challenge of solving our customers’ toughest problems and helping shape a better future. Thank you for all that you do for our company, our customers and our shareholders.
Respectfully,
Thomas A. Kennedy
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer March 2016
  “Our values build on each other. They begin with trust, which is fundamental and is reinforced by our ethical culture of integrity.”
 4
