DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
  R A Y T H E O N metthechallengesofadynamicbusiness environment in 2013 and performed well with solid execution driving strong operating results. In 2013, we operated under a government shutdown, sequestration and continuing resolutions in the U.S., and we focused on the fundamentals and executed our proven strategy to grow markets and improve our operations. We expanded our international business, won industry-leading new programs with our advanced technologies and affordable solutions and took steps to increase our efficiency and productivity, including implementing the most significant change to the company’s business structure in more than a decade.
In short, we had good performance in a challenging environment. Our margins, earnings and cash flow were all up for the year compared to the full-year 2012. In 2013, our adjusted earnings per share was $6.38. We had strong operating cash flow from continuing operations of $2.4 billion. We generated net sales of $23.7 billion and bookings of $22.1 billion. We ended 2013 with a backlog of $33.7 billion, a funded backlog of $23 billion and net debt of $437 million. These results helped con- tribute to Raytheon’s stock outperforming the Standard & Poor’s 500 index during the year.
Demonstrating our confidence in the financial strength and outlook for the company, we continued our
balanced capital deployment strategy. During 2013, we repurchased 15.2 million shares of common stock for approximately $1.1 billion. Furthermore, we increased our dividend by 10 percent in 2013 – marking the ninth consecutive year with an increase.
As expected, international business was a significant driver of our results. In 2013, international sales repre- sented 27 percent of total sales and grew by 3 percent, while international bookings represented 30 percent of total bookings, an increase of 10 percent. This was the result of our strategic focus on global markets – highlighted by a $1.3 billion award from Oman for a ground-based air defense system.

In the U.S., we continued to see strong customer interest in our portfolio of advanced technologies, and we successfully competed in several new program pursuits. These included our wins on the U.S. Navy’s new Air and Missile Defense Radar (AMDR) and its Next Generation Jammer (NGJ) – important development programs that
Transportable Radar Surveillance Model 2 (AN/TPY-2) ballistic missile defense radar to the Missile Defense Agency and were awarded a contract worth $173 million to build the 12th AN/TPY-2. Additionally, our Guidance Enhanced Missile (GEM-T) received U.S. Army approval for a second recertification, extending the operational life of the worldwide inventory of PatriotTM missiles from 30 to 45 years.
 IN 2013, INTERNATIONAL BOOKINGS REPRESENTED
In 2013, we grew our position in our core markets and extended our capabilities into new markets.
ELECTRONIC WARFARE: Our win on Next Generation Jammer solidifies Raytheon’s position as a premier electronic warfare provider with technologies, products and programs that address our customers’ evolving requirements to counter the increasingly sophisticated anti-access/area denial threats that are emerging globally. We also expanded our electronic warfare footprint internationally with our selection to provide the Advanced Countermeasure Electronic System (ACES) for international aircraft.
COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS, COMPUTERS, INTELLIGENCE, SURVEILLANCE AND RECONNAISSANCE: In the area of C4ISR, we further built upon our deep heritage in radars, sensors and navigation systems. The Republic of Korea selected the Raytheon Advanced Combat Radar (RACR) to modernize its fleet of F-16® aircraft. We began work on a $650 million contract to bring a national, strategic C4I system providing capa- bilities for joint service coordination for the Kingdom
30%
OF TOTAL BOOKINGS, AN INCREASE OF 10%
will provide the company with long-term, franchise growth for another decade and also reflect our strong position in future growth markets, both domestically and internationally.
World-class capabilities in strategic growth markets
As a global technology and innovation leader, Raytheon strives to provide world-class capabilities that are well aligned to the strategic needs of our customers. In 2013, we grew our position in our core markets and extended our capabilities into new markets.
AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE: Nowhere was this more true than in Air and Missile Defense. In addition to our important win on AMDR, we completed five successful back-to-back Standard Missile-3 Block IB flight tests, the SM-3® Block IIA moved from design phase to build phase after completing its critical design review, and we secured $619 million in Standard Missile-3 contract awards. We received $265 million in Standard Missile-6 contract awards as the U.S. Navy deployed the SM-6TM for the first time. We delivered our eighth Army Navy/
5
SUCCESSFUL BACK-TO-BACK SM-3 BLOCK IB FLIGHT TESTS
Raytheon has been committed to strengthening our culture for the past decade.
 COMPLETED
of Saudi Arabia. The U.S. Air Force awarded us a contract to build rapidly deployable air traffic control systems that can be delivered anywhere in the world.

In addition, we expanded our market-leading position as the only provider of protected Advanced Extremely High Frequency satellite terminals for secure communi- cations by winning a $134 million Air Force program to develop the Global Aircrew Strategic Network Terminal.
CYBER: The cyber domain continues to be a dynamic one, increasing the need for Raytheon’s information security capabilities. Our end-to-end capabilities and talented cybersecurity professionals provide our customers with increased confidence that they can operate securely. To stay ahead of the challenges, we are continually investing in research and innovation, and we extended our capabilities with the acquisition of Visual Analytics, Incorporated, subsequently renamed Raytheon Visual Analytics Incorporated, to meet the data analytics, data visualization and information sharing needs of our cus- tomers. We also grew our customer base globally with a $100 million international cyber award.
TRAINING: In 2013, Raytheon facilitated the training of some 2 million people for customers such as the U.S. Army, the Federal Aviation Administration and major automotive manufacturers, while also providing services for continuing education, logistics and engineering at hundreds of sites around the world. Our extensive capabilities in the training market were recognized again during the year with multiple awards from Training Industry, Inc., HRO Today and Nelson Hall, a leading analyst firm.
Continually improving performance, productivity and affordability
While offering innovative solutions can be a competitive advantage, making them affordable is equally as import- ant. Over the past 10 years, we have been on a clear path to implement best practices and continuously improve our operations.
In 2013, we pressed forward with a number of initiatives. In January, we established our Global Business Services (GBS) group to provide innovative shared services and
solutions to Raytheon’s businesses and functions. GBS has given us the ability to more quickly integrate and streamline our processes and procedures across the company. Additionally, GBS is leveraging our innovative
Over the past 10
years, we have 4 been on a clear
path to implement best practices and continuously improve our operations.
approach to common systems that enhance our working capital and operating margins.
In April 2013, we consolidated our businesses from six to four to streamline operations, increase productivity and achieve stronger alignment with our customers’ priorities. Our investments in common systems helped us move swiftly through the consolidation process, and with the new structure in place, we have been identifying additional opportunities to drive cost savings by stream- lining product lines and reducing footprint and fixed costs. Importantly, the consolidation provides greater synergy within our products and services and, most of all, increases our speed in responding to our customers’ future needs.
During the year, we also continued to strengthen our one company supply chain initiatives to drive value and affordability. For instance, we leveraged commercial best practices to transform our strategic sourcing through Enterprise Subcontract Process eXcellence (ESPX). This process redefines our subcontract execution by pro- viding a complete approach to developing long-term sourcing suppliers and has already led to significant cost reductions in areas like material costs.
 SUCCESSFULLY CONSOLIDATED FROM SIX BUSINESSES TO

We are pleased with the progress we have made and, as always, we are challenging our teams to do more.
Strength of our culture
It takes more than solid performance and operations to be a great company. It also requires a strong corporate culture. That is why Raytheon has been committed to strengthening our culture for the past decade. Built upon the solid foundation of Raytheon’s Vision, Strategy, Goals and Values, our culture aligns our world-class people to operate together as one company around the
VISION STRATEGY GOALS VALUES
globe. Over time, it has evolved to incorporate many facets – science, technology, engineering and math- ematics (STEM) education, armed services support, sustainability, ethics, sound governance, learning, diver- sity & inclusion, respect and community engagement.
The results have been well beyond our expectations, and our efforts in 2013 continued to receive recognition and awards. Most notably, Raytheon was again named one of America’s most community-minded companies by The Civic 50. For the second consecutive year, we were the only aerospace and defense company recog- nized in the survey, and we were highlighted for our ability to link community success to business success and to measure the impact of our community engage- ment programs.
Well positioned for the future
As we look across the company, our performance remains solid, our strategy continues to create value and our cul- ture is stronger than ever. This has us well positioned for the opportunities ahead. To best embrace them, we will be focusing on domestic and global growth, enterprise collaboration and competitive differentiators.
One of the best ways to ensure our success is by investing in our people through Raytheon’s leadership develop- ment and succession planning programs. These programs were never more important than when we announced our CEO transition on January 15, 2014. As a result of the company’s strategy of growing leaders with a deep understanding of our operations, our technologies and our customers, we had a proven leader ready to take the company forward on March 31, 2014 – a leader with
As we look across the company, our performance remains solid, our strategy continues to create value and our culture is stronger than ever.
three decades of Raytheon leadership positions with increasing responsibilities in many different locations and functions.
Our strong position also owes much to the hard work and dedicationoftheRaytheonteam.Wewanttothankthem for all that they do, for continually rising to the challenges and for upholding our mission: Customer Success.
    Respectfully,
 THOMAS A. KENNEDY
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, MARCH 2014
WILLIAM H. SWANSON CHAIRMAN, MARCH 2014
  