  Letter to Our Shareholders, Customers, Suppliers, Associates and Friends:
Fiscal 2005 was a year that marked a turning point for Sanmina-SCI as we improved our balance sheet, repaid debt, completed the majority of our restructuring activities, penetrated emerging market segments, grew our Original Design Manufacturing (ODM) portfolio, and built strong and profitable relationships with our customers. As a result, we have a company well positioned for the future. Although we accomplished many of our important goals, there is still work to be done.
Today, Sanmina-SCI offers an end-to-end manufacturing solution with the technical expertise, global footprint, and commitment to quality and service that makes it easier for our customers to entrust their product to Sanmina-SCI. We enter 2006 with a single commitment: to actively listen to our customers’ needs.
Financial Results
During the year, we continued to make progress on a number of fronts to improve our profitability and increase our revenue in new growing markets, while reducing our costs through restructuring programs. As a result of
these efforts, the Company achieved profitability for the year on a non-GAAP basis1 with reported sales from continuing operations of $11.7 billion and earnings per share of $0.25. Our focus on fundamentals improved the Company's financial metrics on a year-over-year basis with annual inventory turns improving from 10.5 to 11.3. Gross margins improved to 5.5%, a 10% improvement year-over-year. The Company's focus on operating efficiencies generated $416 million in cash flow from operations with free cash flow of $341 million.
In 2005, our Medical segment grew 34%, our Communications Infrastructure grew 7%, and our Defense and Aerospace segment grew 15%. We experienced some weakness in our personal and business computing segment, which declined 10%, but this decline was partially offset by increased penetration in our other end markets (including those mentioned above), each of which are generally more profitable. As a result of our flexibility and operating efficiency, the Company ended the year with a strong balance sheet with cash and short-term investments of approximately $1.2 billion. We understand the importance of a strong balance sheet and in 2005, we improved our available liquidity by $536 million year-over-year. Additionally, we repaid $225 million
in debt and extended our average debt maturities.
1 Non-GAAP financial results do not include integration, restructuring costs, impairment charges, other infrequent or unusual items, and non-cash interest and amortization expense.
i For additional information regarding our non-GAAP financial presentation, please refer to our quarterly announcements of our results of operations, which are furnished to the SEC on reports on Form 8-K and are also available under the investor relations section of our website at www.sanmina-sci.com.
ii This report contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws. For additional information regarding forward-looking statements, please refer to the inside back cover of this report and to the “Factors Affecting Operating Results” set forth in Item 7 of our accompanying report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 1, 2005.
     
 Back to the Basics
The key to Sanmina-SCI's success going forward will rely on going back to the basics, that is, building strong and profitable relationships with all of our customers around the world. Simply put, without our customers there is
no business. Satisfying our customer base with every interaction has been an approach to business that has been deeply rooted in the Company's values and uncompromising integrity for more than 25 years. By offering world-class design and engineering, exceptional sales, customer service, and excellence in material and operations, our future prospects will continue to be strong.
In the years ahead, we believe that Sanmina-SCI will lead the industry with innovation that enhances our customers' design, manufacturing and logistics requirements – whether in North America, Europe or Asia. We believe we are innovating across a broader spectrum of end markets and design and manufacturing processes than any other company. We also continue to focus on dedicated end markets, which we believe offer the greatest potential to serve our customers so that together we can generate creative business solutions, breakthrough ideas, and new opportunities.
Increasing Operating Efficiencies
Sanmina-SCI has been focused on restructuring and realigning operations for the last three years. We are pleased to report that the Company is in the final stages of these restructuring activities, which we expect will be completed by the June 2006 quarter. The end result,
we believe, will be a global footprint that makes sense for our business and customers. Our "higher-cost" locations serve as gateways to high-volume production. These locations meet customers' regional and distribution demands, New Product Introduction (NPI) needs, regulatory and technology requirements, and complex manufacturing needs. Today, we have also completed the transition of nearly all of our IT ERP systems to one global platform, ensuring global consistency, superior supply chain visibility, and
internal and customer ease of doing business.
With our restructuring nearly complete, we are able to more fully concentrate on our operational performance and improving the satisfaction levels of our customers. The Sanmina-SCI management team firmly believes that long-term shareholder value is created through operational excellence, quality manufacturing, and fully satisfying the needs of our customers. By setting the bar high and providing the best design and manufacturing solutions for each customer, we become a better company overall.
Separately, by leveraging the synergies inherent between our various assembly and components businesses, we are intent on accelerating our vertical integration strategy. We expect to do so by supporting our customers with world-class facilities and component technologies, which include PCB fabrication, backplanes, cables, plastic injection molding, enclosures, precision machining, memory modules, and optical solutions.
Looking Ahead
We believe that the EMS industry and Sanmina-SCI continue to offer significant long-term growth prospects and opportunities. The trend to outsource the design, manufacturing, delivery, and repair of electronic products continues to gain breadth and depth across market segments. At the same time, we continue to invest in, and grow, our ODM portfolio. The EMS and ODM business models are converging, becoming an alternative method of delivering an outsourced and cost-effective solution for our customers. OEMs are now able to either brand or incorporate Sanmina-SCI’s ODM products into their own systems and programs as needed, reducing research and development costs and shortening time-to-market.
We are more enthusiastic than ever about Sanmina-SCI's opportunities and strongly believe that the actions the Company has taken over the past several years have given us the right ingredients for success and created a solid foundation for future growth. While we have made good progress, we are not done. The Sanmina-SCI management team and employees around the world are focused on driving the Company toward improved performance, consistency of operations, and profitable growth.
On behalf of all Sanmina-SCI employees worldwide, I thank you for your continued support.
JURE SOLA
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
     