empower customers letter to our shareholders
Sanmina-SCI is a well-balanced company possessing innovative, high- performance technology, cost-efficient manufacturing solutions, and solid financial strength. At the same time, we have a results-driven cul- ture that recognizes employee achievement and fosters integrity, trust and collaboration. Our entire team is customer-focused and commit- ted to delivering superior results to both customers and investors.
2003 results In 2003, we met the ongoing challenge of a weak economy by pursuing opportunities to increase our operating efficiencies, leverage our advanced technology and manufacturing capabilities, and diversify our customer end-markets. As a result, we delivered improved financial results and built a foundation ready to capitalize on momentum in our end-markets.
For the year ended September 27, 2003, Sanmina-SCI reported
net sales of $10.4 billion. During the year, we worked hard to
restore our financial vigor and flexibility. Reflecting our strong working capital and cash management disciplines, we reduced our debt by $732 million (based on accreted amount due on the September 2005 put date for our zero coupon debentures) and generated over $550 million in operating cash flow. In addition, many of our balance sheet financial metrics, including cash cycle days and inventory turns improved. At year-end September 27, 2003, the Company reported $1.1 billion in cash and short-term invest- ments, a current ratio of 2.0, working capital of $2.1 billion and shareholders’ equity of $3.3 billion. Our sound balance sheet pro- vides us with the necessary speed and flexibility to evaluate a range of strategic investment opportunities.
The fundamental goal of all of our initiatives is to empower our customers, helping them to improve their competitive position and to deliver superior products and services to their end-markets. This year we focused our efforts on finalizing the integration of the December 2001 merger with SCI, completing the installation of a cor- porate-wide, common information technology system, right-sizing our operations, expanding our original equipment manufacturer (OEM) outsourcing relationships, investing in new technologies and processes, and, finally, implementing our customer-focused strategy.
Our entire team has been unyielding in its commitment to a success- ful Sanmina-SCI, ensuring that every employee works together seamlessly to meet customer demands for excellence in performance. We have the most talented managers, designers, engineers, materials professionals and technicians, including the largest direct technical business development group, in the industry. Sanmina-SCI employs the human capital to make our customers successful.
strategic initiatives During the year, we continued to optimize our global manufacturing operations, consolidating capacity and transferring certain manufacturing operations to lower
cost regions in Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America. Our global facilities span more than 20 countries and five continents. The fun- damental strategy behind our refined global footprint is to ensure that we pursue opportunities to achieve cost efficiencies, while simultaneously retaining our flexibility and responsiveness, espe- cially for those customers who require rapid time-to-market or whose high-end, complex product requirements demand our oper- ations be in close proximity to their facilities or end-markets.
This year we also made significant progress with our corporate- wide information technology system. The thrust of our IT strategy is to make certain we have world-class systems capability, global consistency with common platforms, superior supply chain man- agement visibility, and internal as well as customer ease of access. Our best-of-breed software technology includes applications in product design and engineering, order and production status, material planning and logistics. Our standardized systems and centralized interfaces provide repeatability and process consistency, guaranteeing that we meet customer specific performance require- ments and industry standards throughout our global footprint. Our goal is to deliver “design anywhere, build anywhere, and deliver anywhere” excellence in performance.
The EMS outsourcing market is robust with industry analysts estimating growth to $200 billion by 2007. The trend in outsourc- ing is growing as OEMs strive to increase operating efficiencies, reduce working capital requirements, improve component purchas- ing power, accelerate product time-to-market, and access world- class global manufacturing, logistics and distribution capabilities. To achieve profitable growth, OEMs are leveraging their core competencies in application solutions and marketing. In 2003, Sanmina-SCI benefited from the market’s momentum through multi-year outsourcing agreements. These agreements furthered the Company’s leadership in two of its targeted markets; global server manufacturing and distribution and communications. The awarding of these contracts to Sanmina-SCI underscores the Company’s proven track record in technology expertise, manufac- turing efficiency, global capabilities as well as flexible and reliable customer service.
Technical leadership in our industry has long been a key part of our differentiation in the EMS market and in 2003 we continued
to invest significantly to ensure that our design and engineering capabilities remain unequaled. Over the past several years, as our customers compete in their respective challenging end markets,
we have been asked to play a bigger role in product development or provide original design manufacturing (ODM) solutions. Specifically, our customers want a company that not only offers world-class manufacturing and design capabilities, but combines those capabil- ities with innovative and cost effective design solutions – thus providing a true end-to-end solution.
2 Sanmina-SCI

empower 3
  Jure Sola, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Responding to our customers’ requests and the opportunity to expand our service offerings, during 2003 we acquired Newisys, Inc., a developer of enterprise-class servers. Newisys brings highly skilled hardware and software design engineers to our already existing global team, providing technology solutions. This acquisition solidly positions Sanmina-SCI as an ODM providing innovative solutions for the enterprise computing and storage markets.
We have historically been involved in the early stages of our cus- tomers’ product designs, and we believe our entry into providing ODM solutions allows us to further leverage our vertical manufac- turing model and technical expertise to deliver additional revenue streams and profitable growth. We believe our ODM strategy com- plements our EMS competency and supports our mandate of help- ing our OEM customers deliver products to market faster and at reduced costs. We are at the forefront of this strategy and anticipate additional expansion in this fast growing outsourcing opportunity.
customer-focused strategy Enduring customer relationships drive our success, and we continue to earn our customers’ trust, building and strengthening these relationships every day. This year, we fine-tuned our customer-focus initiative. By targeting a limited number of diverse customer end-markets,
we are seizing opportunities in more vigorous areas. This diversi- fication has been very successful, as reliance on softening revenues from the communications market has been balanced by increased revenues from automotive, computing, defense and aerospace, industrial and semiconductor capital equipment, and medical companies. In addition, our customer-focused strategy supports our objective of extending our advanced technology and manufac- turing leadership capabilities in each sector. Because we offer a complete end-to-end manufacturing solution, including PCB
Randy W. Furr, President and Chief Operating Officer
fabrication and assembly, backplane assembly, cable assembly, memory modular solutions, optical modules, enclosures, complete system integration and test as well as global order fulfillment, we are proud to be one of the leading EMS companies serving many of these customer end-markets.
We believe our customer-focused strategy will be a key element driving our future performance.
As we look ahead, we are excited about the future. There are signs of improvement across all of our end-markets, and we have the right business model and strategy to capitalize on the economy’s increasing strength. We have experts employed in each manufac- turing discipline and target market; our advanced technology and integrated processes deliver superior product quality, our inte- grated global supply chain management drives cost efficiencies and faster time-to-market, and our global footprint allows us to meet our customers’ demands for flexible, rapid response. In summary, we have strong fundamentals, a solid management team, and the necessary financial resources to expand customer relationships, drive organic growth, deliver increased profitability, and generate shareholder value.
Sincerely,
Jure Sola
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Randy W. Furr President and
Chief Operating Officer
  