 Dear Shareholders,
Twenty-five years ago, I walked into Starbucks first store in Seattle’s Pike Place Market, and enjoyed the best cup of coffee I had ever tasted. At that moment and in that historic place, I connected with a group of people who were passionate about sourcing, roasting and sharing the highest quality arabica coffee in the world
with their customers. They sparked that same passion within me. I scooped coffee at this store; I served customers; and I built Starbucks first coffee bar there. I still have a key to the store, and I often return there to remind myself of where we’ve come from, and to draw inspiration for where we’re going.
At our core, we are a coffee company. At our core, we celebrate the interaction between us and our customers through the coffee experience. The Pike Place store has always been the symbolic heart of the Starbucks Experience, which more than 170,000 partners (employees) bring to life every day in over 15,000 stores and in 43 countries.
In the years since my initial visit, Starbucks has become an enduring, global company. We built our company in a different way. We built
it on trust—a trust we have created as the result of the way our partners work together, our relationships with our customers, the respectful way we treat coffee farmers, and our contributions to the communities we serve.
This has made us a highly successful organization. In fiscal 2007, we generated $9.4 billion in revenues and we reported net earnings of $673 million, or $0.87 per share.
Despite the strength of this performance, beginning in 2007, we
started to see customer traffic slow in our U.S. stores. This is
disappointing and unacceptable, but I assure you that we are taking
dramatic steps to address this and transform our business to ensure that
Starbucks continues to be the “third place” that our customers make part of their daily lives.
We understand the challenges we face, and we know that we have the ability and experience to overcome them. Like some other fast-growing companies, as we rapidly grew and had phenomenal success, we built infrastructure to support that growth which—although necessary—resulted in bureaucracy. We started to lose sight of our focus on the customer and our commitment to continually and creatively enhance the Starbucks Experience. Thus, to place a keener emphasis on operational excellence, we realigned our management team, promoting Martin Coles to the newly created position of chief operating officer. We also hired Pete Bocian, a highly respected and experienced chief financial officer, to succeed Michael Casey, who retired in October with our tremendous thanks for his numerous contributions during his 12 years with the company.
And in January 2008, the Board of Directors asked me to take on the additional role of president and chief executive officer, replacing Jim Donald who left the company. I want to offer my heartfelt gratitude to Jim for his tireless leadership during his tenure.
 
 In my new role as chairman, president and ceo, the Board charged me with leading Starbucks in developing and executing initiatives that will ensure that our customers are proud to visit our stores and that we deliver long-term, sustainable value for our shareholders.
Reflecting on my life-changing experience at the Pike Place store, I know that, together, we will transform Starbucks for the future by embracing our rich heritage and renewing our focus on coffee as our core. We are committed to making our stores welcoming and distinctive places that are a true part of their communities all around the world.
The transformation agenda we are implementing includes improving our U.S. business by introducing new, exciting products and programs for our partners, and store enhancements to increase our focus on the customer. Immediately, we are slowing the pace of our U.S. store growth and closing under-performing locations. We are accelerating expansion and increasing the profitability of Starbucks outside the U.S. We will reignite our emotional attachment to our customers and restore their connections with our coffee, brand, partners and stores. And
we are building for the long-term—both in ensuring our support functions are focused fully on advancing the customer experience, and expanding our exceptional international success story.
Our work will center on renewing the Starbucks Experience through driving improvement and change in all areas that “touch the customer.” Even as we focus on coffee, we will innovate by creating new products and experiences that complement the coffeehouse experience and drive transactions. As we enter 2008 and beyond, you can expect to see significant initiatives that will remind our customers and partners of the creativity and innovation that made Starbucks the unique company it is now and will be in the future.
Of course, we will continue to give back to the communities and neighborhoods in which we do business and the countries where we purchase coffee. We will make a positive impact through our purchases of sustainably grown coffee through our Coffee and Farmer Equity (C.A.F.E.) Practices program, creating a new framework for giving and volunteerism, helping to build awareness of climate change, and much more. These—like our commitment to treating our partners with respect and dignity and providing health care and Bean Stock for all of our eligible full- and part-time partners—are central to who we are.
I remain passionately enthusiastic about our company’s future. You have my personal commitment that we will make you proud of how our continued dedication to the heritage and the tradition of Starbucks delivers value to everyone that we touch—that we are a company you can trust and believe in—and that we are a company that you can admire not only for the profit we make, but for the good that we do.
On behalf of the Starbucks leadership team, I would like to thank our partners, our customers, our business partners, the farmers and suppliers who grow our coffee, and our shareholders for their unwavering support and belief in our future.
Warm regards,
Howard Schultz
chairman, president and chief executive officer
 