 To Our Shareholders,
The human connection – it’s the foundation of everything we do at Starbucks. One customer, one barista, one community, one great cup of coffee at a time. That seemingly simple relationship, which today develops in more than 10,500 Starbucks stores around the world, inspires millions of people to embrace us as their neighborhood gathering place. That same connection is at the heart of our passion to innovate and grow in new markets, with new tastes, new sounds and new experiences.
Every day, more than 100,000 Starbucks partners (employees) strive to exceed the expectations of every one of our customers – to achieve that delicate balance between touching people’s daily lives while building a thriving and multifaceted business. Regardless of our individual differences, people around the world share a common desire to be treated with respect and dignity, and to feel a sense of community, belonging and inclusion. We believe that Starbucks helps fulfill these needs by providing a welcoming environment and a place of comfort, while serving the world’s finest coffees. This has resulted in Starbucks establishing a unique third place between home and office: first in North America and now around the world.
In fiscal 2005, we made new connections around the world as we continued our dynamic growth. We opened
1,672 net new stores on a global basis this year, ahead of our target of 1,500 new stores; Starbucks can now be found in 37 countries. With 20 percent revenue growth resulting in record revenues of $6.4 billion and earnings per share growth of 30 percent resulting in $0.61 per share, we again demonstrated our outstanding ability to achieve our financial targets while growing our core business and building the foundation for future success, both strategies that we believe are key to increasing long-term shareholder value. Our pace has been exceptionally strong and steady,
and this year we celebrated 14 consecutive years of comparable store sales growth of 5 percent or greater – a truly landmark achievement.
We feel very fortunate that the Starbucks Experience resonates around the world, as we have increased customer depth and awareness in existing markets. We have also been warmly accepted in new countries, including Jordan, the Bahamas and the Republic of Ireland. We are especially excited by our progress in China, and we believe this will ultimately represent one of our largest markets outside the United States. We now have more than 200 locations in mainland China and Hong Kong, with more than 150 additional locations in Taiwan. These include our first Company-operated stores in Qingdao, Dalian and Chengdu, and we are very optimistic about our continued expansion into the broader Chinese market. While we plan to focus our attention on the abundant opportunities
in China, we will continue to explore new countries for future growth of our international business, including Brazil, India and Russia. We should also note that our existing market portfolio represents substantial growth potential.
Even as we expand, we know the time-honored traditions of the neighborhood merchant still hold true – we must constantly create new tastes and temptations to surprise and delight our customers. In fiscal 2005, we presented a variety of exciting innovations around the world. As part of our Global Consumer Products business, we leveraged our success from North America in Japan and Taiwan, and introduced a fresh Starbucks-branded premium ready-to-drink chilled-cup coffee called Starbucks DiscoveriesTM in convenience stores. Starbucks DiscoveriesTM received an enthusiastic reception from multitudes of customers from the moment it hit the shelves.
As a global company, we know that cultures influence one another, and the Starbucks Experience has been translated in many ways in different countries throughout the world. As a great example of cross-market learning, this summer we introduced a new handcrafted beverage in North America – our Green Tea Frappuccino® blended beverage, made with Tazo® green tea, which was originally created in conjunction with our Taiwanese partner.
We also constantly seek new ways to share unique elements of the coffeehouse experience with the communities we serve. In 2005, Starbucks Entertainment introduced new artists and offerings, continuing the historical connection

 between music and coffeehouses. Leveraging our momentum from the astounding eight GRAMMY® awards for
Ray Charles’ Genius Loves Company, Hear Music – the Sound of Starbucks, went on to co-release Herbie Hancock’s terrific new album, Possibilities, which has been nominated for two GRAMMY® awards. Another highlight includes Live at the Gaslight 1962, a highly anticipated album from legendary artist Bob Dylan that is available exclusively at Starbucks. We also created a fresh approach to the familiar: this year, Starbucks helped launch an emerging band with Antigone Rising’s From the Ground Up, our first in the Hear MusicTM Debut CD series. The sum of these and many other efforts in Entertainment have helped transform the way people discover and experience music.
We know that the success of our business is not measured strictly in financial terms. We believe we have built trust with our partners, customers, suppliers and communities, and with that trust comes a responsibility to continue our growth in a sustainable way for coffee farmers, our neighborhoods and the environment. The process can be challenging, but the rewards are tremendous. For instance, Starbucks worked for four years with our suppliers to develop the first paper drinking cup to include post-consumer recycled content. Our suppliers received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in November 2004, after extensive quality and safety testing,
we will roll out the new cup to our U.S. stores in fiscal 2006. The switch to 10 percent post-consumer recycled fiber
in our cups will reduce our use of new tree fiber by more than five million pounds in calendar 2006 alone. This single project exemplifies our commitment to be both responsible business owners as well as responsible citizens of the world.
We bring that same sentiment to our relationships in the broader world community. We have worked for several years to develop and implement comprehensive standards for fair, ethical and sustainable coffee purchasing – specifically our C.A.F.E. (Coffee and Farmer Equity) Practices, which continued to evolve and expand in fiscal 2005. We have also reached out to new communities in need and broadened our commitment to global social issues.
In April 2005, we acquired Ethos Water and adopted its mission to provide access to clean water in developing countries. For a detailed examination of our activities in social responsibility, please refer to our fiscal 2005 Corporate Social Responsibility Annual Report, which will be available online at www.starbucks.com/csr in early February.
We know that we cannot afford to rest on our past accomplishments, and we are extremely excited about our prospects for the future. In fiscal 2006, we plan to open approximately 1,800 net new stores globally – more stores than we had during the first 25 years of Starbucks history. We expect annual total net revenue growth of approximately 20 percent and annual earnings per share growth of approximately 20 percent to 25 percent for the next three to five years, demonstrating our belief in the opportunities that await us worldwide and our confidence in executing our strategy.
This is the first letter to shareholders that we have co-authored, and we hope that we have expressed our shared passion for our business and for maintaining the human connection in a way that resonates with you. We are proud of our accomplishments, made possible by the dedication and commitment of Starbucks partners, customers, suppliers and the coffee farmers with whom we have built lasting relationships. We know that the people whose lives we touch are the cornerstone of our Company’s success and our future, and we owe them our deepest gratitude.
A single cup of coffee. A connection. A sense of place. It is where we began our journey and, after 34 years, it remains the heart and soul of our Company.
Warm regards,
Howard Schultz Jim Donald
chairman president and chief executive officer
  