 To Our Shareholders,
At Starbucks, the success of each year has surpassed the previous one, and each time we begin to write this letter our belief in the power of our brand, optimism for the future and deep gratitude to all those who have made it possible have been even greater. Fiscal 2004 was no exception – this was the most impressive performance we have enjoyed to date, and as we have stated before, we truly believe that the best is yet to come. The Starbucks brand resonates with people around the world because it is authentic – we strive for absolute congruence between our actions and our values, and we humbly represent the best of our heritage as we continually endeavor to create a wonderful experience for our customers and build enduring value for our shareholders.
We are extremely pleased to share the story of another year of exceptional achievements for Starbucks. In the context of a world economy still reeling from several years of downturns and setbacks, our financial performance was overwhelmingly positive. During fiscal 2004, Starbucks delivered a roster of outstanding accomplishments, including consolidated net revenues of $5.3 billion – an increase of 30 percent. Excluding the impact of the 53rd week in fiscal 2004, consolidated net revenues increased by more than $1 billion, or 27 percent, from fiscal 2003. We also enjoyed annual comparable store sales growth of 10 percent – marking our first full year of double-digit growth in more than a decade, and the 13th consecutive year of comparable store sales growth of 5 percent or greater. We also achieved earnings per share (EPS) of $0.95 – a full $0.10 above the high end of our original target announced in July 2003.
In addition, we opened a record 1,344 stores worldwide, including our 500th store in Europe and 413 new retail locations outside the United States. We also posted full-year profitability for Starbucks Coffee International operations, both including and excluding Canada. Given our sustained success to date, we believe that we previously underestimated the scope of the long-term opportunity for Starbucks. Accordingly, we recently increased our ultimate projected growth from 25,000 to at least 30,000 stores worldwide, with at least 15,000 locations outside the United States.
History tells us that the Starbucks Experience has a rich emotional connection for people everywhere, and we are creating the “third place” for an ever-broadening audience around the world. As we proceed, we also continually strive to increase both average unit volumes and first- year average unit volumes for our locations. With 6,132 stores in the United States and 2,437 stores within our International operations, we are able to touch the lives of 30 million customers each week. We plan to open at least 1,500 Company-operated stores on a global basis in fiscal 2005. In the United States, we plan to open approximately 550 Company-operated locations and 525 licensed locations. Many of those locations will be in neighborhoods, off highways and in rural areas where we are not represented. We have also responded to customer demand for a conveniently accessible Starbucks Experience by offering a significant percentage of drive-thru locations to meet customers’ needs when they are on the go.
We intend to expand our licensed, grocery and foodservice organizations to provide new points of discovery for consumers. At the end of fiscal 2004, we had 1,839 licensed locations in the United States, and we also announced that every Borders® bookstore with a café will have a Seattle’s Best Coffee café. This exciting program complements the long-successful partnership between Barnes & Noble Booksellers and Starbucks. We are confident that the supply chain and store development foundations of our business will allow us to sustain our growth so that we may serve millions of additional customers and fulfill their desire for convenient access to the Starbucks Experience wherever their day takes them.
As we grow, we continue to foster our spirit of discovery while maintaining our commitment to our sense of tradition. Fiscal 2004 was a year of incredible innovation for Starbucks. We delivered new products and line extensions with beverages such as the wildly popular Strawberries & Crème Frappuccino® blended crème beverage and, for
fall 2004, the delectable Pumpkin Spice Latte, and we are confident that our customers will warmly embrace our latest offering – the deliciously indulgent ChanticoTM drinking chocolate – introduced in January 2005.
This past year we also introduced our signature coffee line – Starbucks® Black Apron ExclusivesTM – the product of our relentless pursuit of the finest arabica coffees from around the world to share with our customers. Our pipeline for new products and services has never been stronger, and we intend to continue to surprise and delight our customers with new offerings, while maintaining Starbucks familiar, welcoming essence.
In fiscal 2004, the scope of our innovation extended to our new Entertainment division and Starbucks Hear MusicTM. This aspect of our business is far more significant than simply offering our favorite music to customers through CD sales; we believe that we are creating a transformational experience in the music industry. Starbucks customers have the opportunity to discover and experience music in unique, compelling ways, and we are confident that our reputation for delivering a quality music experience has earned their trust.
Fiscal 2004 was a landmark year for music at Starbucks. Ray Charles’ Genius Loves Company, which we produced in conjunction with Concord Records, soared to No. 1 on the Billboard R&B charts without radio play. Instead, it was featured prominently in more than 4,500 United States Starbucks locations and was available at other retailers. We also
announced the new Hear MusicTM Channel 75 on XM Satellite Radio, offering customers an entirely new way to enjoy our custom music selections. One of our most exciting recent innovations is the Hear MusicTM media bar, which allows customers to burn and print custom CDs right in the store, in about the time it takes to get a latte. We believe that there is virtually limitless opportunity to reintroduce a sense of discovery, community and passion for music to our customers, and we intend to continue our focus on music and entertainment as exciting new elements of the Starbucks Experience.
We have said it before, but we truly believe that Starbucks is in the early chapters of an enduring story. The best is yet to come.
Warm regards,
Howard Schultz chairman and
chief global strategist
Thank You Orin,
Orin C. Smith president and
chief executive officer
  No assessment of Starbucks success to date and promising future would be complete without acknowledging Orin Smith’s upcoming retirement as president and chief executive officer, effective March 31, 2005. Orin’s many outstanding contributions have helped to shape and develop Starbucks into a respected brand, recognized around the world for our unrelenting commitment to our people, our coffee, and the quality of our relationships with farmers and suppliers in coffee-origin countries. We will always be deeply grateful to him for his intelligent, committed leadership and caring for everyone involved in Starbucks.
Over the last two years, we have worked together with our Board of Directors to carefully select and groom Orin’s successor, and we are immensely pleased that Jim Donald has been named ceo designate. We have absolute trust in both his professional abilities and personal integrity, and we are confident that he will continue to embody the best aspects of Starbucks.
Orin, thank you for guiding us along the road less traveled. We will humbly do our best to honor your legacy as we continue on our journey.
 