 To our Shareholders,
Starbucks enjoyed an exceptional year in fiscal 2002, despite the cloud over the economy and sense of uncertainty
felt worldwide. Our record-setting performance illustrates the simple yet powerful connection that people around the world share over a cup of coffee, and the way the Starbucks brand enriches our customers’ daily lives. Today we are in places that 10 years ago we never dreamed would share the Starbucks Experience. Yet when we open a market for the first time, we see the excitement—people peeking in the window to watch our progress as we put the finishing touches on the décor, lines that form out the door and down the street on opening day, and the first customers eagerly ordering favorite beverages from their new barista. We see it when we open locations in cities as far-flung as Des Moines, Iowa, and Madrid, Spain. We chose to focus this year’s Annual Report on a single store opening in Madrid because by sharing this one day, this moment in time, you can feel the depth and power of the Starbucks Experience around
the world. After just six years of developing our presence outside of North America, we have built the foundation
for Starbucks success on the world stage.
We also remain focused on our values as we continue to pursue our goals. We firmly believe that our extraordinary results and continued growth are rooted in our relationships with our partners (employees) around the world—they make daily connections with our customers, source and roast the finest coffee and support our stores. Our customers, shareholders, partners, suppliers and people in the communities we serve have rewarded us with their trust and an overwhelmingly enthusiastic response to the Starbucks Experience. Now, just 10 years after Starbucks initial public offering, we are well on our way to fulfilling our aspiration to become one of the most recognized and respected brands in the world.
As of the end of fiscal 2002, we have enjoyed 123 consecutive months of positive comparable store sales growth, and 11 consecutive fiscal years of comparable store sales growth of 5% or more. We delivered fiscal 2002 revenue growth of 24% and net earnings of $215.1 million—the highest reported net earnings in the Company’s history.
Of course, we do not intend to rest on past achievements. While we are committed to our core business—coffee—
we remain an entrepreneurial company that thrives on innovation and stellar execution. This year we introduced compelling new products and services to excite and inspire the 20 million customers per week who visit us in the
30 countries in which we operate. We brought a variety of tempting beverage selections to various markets, including Crème Frappuccino® ice blended beverages and Starbucks DoubleShotTM, our new ready-to-drink beverage. We branched into new territory by launching the Starbucks Card. The amazing popularity and performance of the Starbucks Card exceeded our expectations, and we plan to develop new value-added features. We were also excited to introduce a wireless network in more than 1,600 Company-operated stores in North America during fiscal 2002 and pilot the concept in Europe. Our in-store wireless Internet access offers a relaxing environment where customers can connect with people and information while enjoying a snack and a delicious Starbucks® beverage. We believe that these and other innovations, coupled with our ability to operationally execute at the highest level, will help to drive our long- term success.
We feel strongly that Starbucks has global appeal, as demonstrated by the warm reception by the diverse communities we have entered. In fiscal 2002 we opened 525 Company-operated locations, including expansion into five new states in the U.S. and 269 licensed locations in North America. We also entered nine new international markets: Austria, Oman, Spain, Germany, Indonesia, Southern China, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Greece, and opened 89 Company- operated and 294 licensed stores in existing international markets. We intend to sustain our aggressive rate of expansion to reach a total of 10,000 stores in 60 countries by the end of fiscal 2005. As always, our goals are high— we anticipate that we will ultimately have at least 25,000 stores worldwide, with at least 10,000 stores in our North American market and at least 15,000 stores in international markets.
Even as we continue to expand the reach of the brand, we remain focused on the heart of our business—the highest quality coffee in the world, and our relationships with our people. We are passionately committed to fostering sustainability in coffee-origin countries. We plan to continue our long-standing practice of paying a premium price
for the highest quality arabica green coffee beans. This commitment helps to ensure the excellence of our coffee and contributes to the well-being of the people working on small-scale coffee farms in origin countries, many of whom have been financially devastated by a dramatic and sustained drop in coffee prices.
We have also implemented a number of programs to help improve the lives of people in coffee- and tea-origin countries around the world. For instance, we introduced our coffee sourcing guidelines—a pilot program that rewards suppliers who meet important environmental, social, economic and quality standards—and our new Commitment to OriginsTM line of whole bean coffees, which includes Starbucks exclusive coffees that resulted from years of working with farmers to maintain quality standards, encourage sound environmental practices and help meet social needs. We hope that you will review our fiscal 2002 Corporate Social Responsibility Annual Report to see the many ways in which we strive to make positive contributions to the communities in which we operate. Please refer to page 37 for details on how to obtain a report.
We want to extend our heartfelt thanks to our partners, customers, shareholders, suppliers and coffee-origin farmers for helping Starbucks to flourish during our 31-year history and our first decade as a public company. This has been an amazing year for Starbucks and we are humbled by our good fortune. We know that success is not an entitlement. We remain committed to reaffirming your trust, belief and confidence in us as leaders and as a company. The best is yet to come.
Warm regards,
Howard Schultz Orin C. Smith
chairman and chief global strategist president and chief executive officer
  