 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
    Over the years, we have worked tirelessly to make Starbucks an uplifting part of people’s daily lives. We’ve always known that our brand must stand for something – it must be authentic, reliable and aspirational. Every day, the passion and enthusiasm of our people and the quality of our coffee enable us to build a rewarding relationship with our customers. This connection has given us the chance to do things no one thought possible, and we believe our greatest accomplishments are yet to come.
In fiscal 1999, we set a new record, opening 625 new stores system wide – the most new stores in Starbucks history. Today, with more than 2,500 stores in 13 countries, we are moving toward our long-term goal of becoming an enduring global brand. Starbucks has become a daily ritual in many different cultures. From Boston to Bangkok, our 37,000 partners (employees) now serve more than 10 million customers each week.
We continued to build a powerful global presence in this past fiscal year, adding 157 international locations and expanding into New Zealand, Beijing, Malaysia, South Korea and Kuwait. We have now established a solid position in the Pacific Rim with stores that continue to exceed our expectations. In the United Kingdom, we ended the year with almost 100 locations. In addition to opening 36 new Starbucks stores, all locations acquired from Seattle Coffee Company have been converted to Starbucks, and on average, sales increased after these conversions. We also launched our Middle East expansion, ending the year with two locations in Kuwait, followed by our first location in Lebanon early in fiscal 2000. With each store opening, we found that our arrival was enthusiastically anticipated, as people lined up for their first taste of Starbucks.
In North America, our core retail business is stronger than ever, and we believe we are just beginning to take advantage of the growth opportunities our stores represent. This year, we excited existing customers and enticed new ones by creating a host of new beverages, including summer favorites like Tiazzi® and Cream and Caramel Frappuccino®. The acquisition of Tazo Tea Company allowed us to introduce an authentic specialty tea brand in our stores through Tazo’s filterbag varieties, full leaf teas and ready-to-drink bottled beverages. The beverage innovation continued into fiscal year 2000 with decadent Caramel Apple Cider and White Chocolate Mocha, which became instant cold-weather hits with our customers.
We further validated the untapped potential for sales growth at retail with the introduction of lunch programs in Washington, D.C., Seattle, Chicago, New York, San Francisco and Los Angeles. The early success of these programs is promising, and we plan to expand lunch into several new major markets in fiscal year 2000.
The experiences our customers enjoy in our retail stores have built our brand and given us license to develop complementary products that extend the brand beyond our stores. The trust we have earned from our customers has allowed us to move into new distribution channels and introduce such innovative products as bottled Frappuccino® and Starbucks Ice Cream. As a result, we have the opportunity to do what very few brands have done before – expand our retail position into a broader consumer platform. We will continue to strengthen our non-retail activities in North America and will eventually introduce Starbucks products into broader distribution channels on a global level.
Through our licensing agreement with Kraft, Starbucks coffee can now be found in more than 8,500 grocery stores from coast to coast. In November, we announced a licensing agreement to open more than 100 Starbucks coffee bars in Albertson’s locations across the United States in fiscal 2000. In addition to building retail sales, our presence in the high traffic grocery store perimeter will raise awareness for Starbucks Ice Cream, bottled Frappuccino® and whole bean coffee. We also announced plans to increase trial and awareness of our grocery products by launching self-service beverage stations on the perimeter of major grocers.
To remain relevant to our customers, we must constantly push for reinvention and renewal in everything we do, making our brand more engaging and accessible than ever before. Thanks to our web site, starbucks.com, the Starbucks Experience is now only a click away. We recently enhanced our site, expanding our e-commerce offerings through alliances

 with other companies who share our commitment to quality products and services. We will continue to develop our Internet presence through our internal resources and by establishing content and commerce relationships that have a natural affinity to our core business.
To further enhance the experiences our customers have around coffee, we recently acquired Hear Music. Known for helping people discover great music, Hear Music will enhance the customer experience through expanded in-store programming, new music offerings and live performances in some of our stores. By the end of fiscal 2000, we plan to begin offering listening stations and other technologies to help our customers explore music they might not find anywhere else. Moving forward, we will continue to identify opportunities to provide best of class products that complement our brand by linking with authentic and discerning companies.
We know success is not an entitlement. It must be earned every day. What differentiates an enduring company is its ability to learn and grow even in challenging times. In the third quarter, we announced that we would fall short of our projected earnings target. This was the first time we experienced such a shortfall in our seven years as a publicly traded company. However, the equity of our brand remains strong, and our future opportunities are as limitless as ever. We trust the proven ability of our management team to lead our Company and believe that the way we respond to our challenges will make us an even better company than we are today.
With fiscal 1999 revenues of $1.7 billion and profits of more than $100 million, we believe that businesses must balance profitability with benevolence. We are pleased that our good fortune enables us to make a difference, and this year we provided millions of dollars of support to communities around the globe. We continue to be the largest North American contributor to CARE, the international aid and development organization, whose work helps us give back to the coffee-origin countries in which we do business.
In North America, The Starbucks Foundation continues to reach thousands of families and children through literacy grant programs. Through the efforts of our partners and our customers, we made grants to more than 120 literacy organizations this year. Our biggest homerun for literacy came off the bat of our friend, Mark McGwire. As McGwire captured the season homerun title, The Foundation matched each homerun with a $5,000 donation to support children’s charities, raising $340,000 for local programs.
Another gratifying relationship, our joint venture with Earvin “Magic” Johnson’s Johnson Development Corporation, continues to accelerate our presence in under-served neighborhoods in key metropolitan areas. This year we opened stores in Harlem, Seattle, Los Angeles, Atlanta, San Francisco and East Lansing, and we look forward to reaching many more people through this unique alliance.
We know that our people are the heart and soul of our success. This is why we were so pleased to recognize our partners’ contributions by providing an enhanced benefits program and granting stock options through our Bean Stock plan. We also proudly announced plans to extend Bean Stock to eligible partners in the United Kingdom, and we were publicly applauded by the British government as one of the few U.S. companies to offer stock options to both full- and part-time employees in that country.
As we enter the new millennium, Starbucks is poised and positioned to build a significant global presence. Our accomplishments thus far and the warm reception we have received from people around the world give us the confidence to pursue our goal of becoming an enduring global brand.
To all of you who touch Starbucks in any way, we would like to thank you for your ongoing support. Warm regards,
    Howard Schultz
chairman and chief executive officer
   Orin Smith
president and chief operating officer
 