   To Our Shareholders,
Wherever we are, we both have an important ritual for starting most days. We stop in to a Starbucks store for a cup of coffee.
Many mornings it’s a visit to our local stores in Starbucks hometown of Seattle. But sometimes it’s a quick stop at an airport kiosk in London. Or a conversation over a latte in Beijing. Or perhaps a trip back to our very first store in Seattle’s Pike Place Market. It’s a wonderful way for each of us to connect with the people in our stores, and a critical reminder of the responsibility we have in serving our customers more than 40 million times each week and the commitments we’ve made to more than 145,000 partners (employees). To us, this is what My Starbucks is all about. It’s the relationships we build and the Starbucks culture that lives every day around the world.
Howard Schultz
As we reflect on Starbucks 35th anniversary, we are extremely grateful for the way we have been embraced by customers worldwide. We understand that with success comes increased scrutiny,
be it from the media, activists or from concerned customers who want to know that the company is fair and principled. We’ve always believed that leadership companies must set a higher standard for how business is done. And we want to assure you that we remain committed to our core values and our vision to do business in a different way—a way that creates long-term value for our shareholders while honoring the contributions of the farmers and our people who make our success possible.
Continued growth in the business has demonstrated that our vision is working in a variety of ways. Our exceptionally strong and enduring growth and performance were evident again this year as we opened 2,199 new stores globally (ahead of our originally stated target
of 1,800) at an average pace of six new stores per day, bringing our total to 12,440 stores
in 37 countries. Revenues increased 22 percent to $7.8 billion, resulting in net earnings of $564 million or $0.71 earnings per share. Starbucks has now posted a phenomenal 15 consecutive years of five percent or greater comparable store sales growth.
Customers in new and existing markets continue to enthusiastically embrace Starbucks. Starbucks Coffee International saw solid growth in every region of the world and earned record operating profits of $108 million. During late calendar 2006, we opened stores in Brazil and Egypt, and plan to open our first locations in Russia and India during calendar 2007. Customer acceptance of the Starbucks brand has been outstanding. In China, in just a short period of time, Starbucks is emerging as the “third place”—that welcoming space between home and work where people gather to engage and connect.
In fiscal 2006 we made a significant strategic decision to acquire 100 percent equity in our Hawaii and Puerto Rico businesses to better leverage resources and ensure consistency of our brand. We also increased our investment and equity stake in our Beijing market early in fiscal 2007 to help pave the way for accelerated expansion in China.
Partners are at the heart of the Starbucks Experience. One of the reasons Starbucks has been so successful is because of the human connection customers and partners share every day in our stores around the world. We remain steadfastly committed to creating a great work environment, and to offering health benefits for eligible full- and part-time partners despite the significant rise in health care costs. In turn we are gratified to see partners provide a great experience for
our customers.
    

   Coffee expertise distinguishes Starbucks in the world of fine coffee purveyors. And just as people are the heart of Starbucks, coffee is our soul. Starbucks is dedicated to purchasing the highest quality coffee and paying premium prices to reflect our ongoing commitment to coffee-farming communities. We’re keenly focused on ensuring a long-term supply of our high-quality coffee by engaging in sustainable buying practices and strengthening relationships with farmers we know and trust. We’re proud of the progress we’ve made with Coffee and Farmer Equity (C.A.F.E.) Practices, an unprecedented program in which we have created a set of industry-leading, comprehensive coffee-buying guidelines addressing coffee quality, financial transparency, and social and environmental responsibility.
A passion to try to improve the world drives our vision to be a company with not only a heart and soul but
a conscience. Our approach to corporate social responsibility (CSR) includes developing ethical sourcing practices for products such as coffee and cocoa, strengthening our involvement in education programs focused on cultural diversity globally, funding water projects in developing countries, and reducing our environmental footprint. To learn more, please see Starbucks Fiscal Year 2006 CSR Annual Report, available at www.starbucks.com/csr in late March 2007.
Innovation is central to the way we do business. It helps drive our growth and long-term success. In fiscal 2006 we continued to innovate and extend the Starbucks Experience beyond our stores with imaginative new ready-to-drink beverages and expanded packaged coffee offerings. We extended the equity of the Starbucks brand
with our first venture into a film partnership, the rollout of our music strategy beyond the U.S.
and the initiation of our book strategy. We have established a curatorial voice that our customers have come to trust. And as a result, they have given us permission to go beyond coffee and our traditional music offerings to enhance the coffeehouse experience.
We also continued to deliver the unexpected with imaginative new beverages and food offerings. We expanded lunch programs to a total of 4,150 stores and introduced the ability to warm pastries and provide hot breakfast sandwiches to stores across the U.S. This is an exciting way for us to extend the brand and create a destination for more than coffee beverages. We also continue to innovate and evolve a wide range of food and beverage options, from indulgent treats to lower-fat and reduced-calorie choices for all consumers’ tastes.
Jim Donald
From our journey to stores in neighborhoods all around the world, we can tell you, My Starbucks is a unique and exceptional place. We are proud of our accomplishments and grateful to our shareholders, partners, customers, suppliers and coffee farmers.
We hope to see you in our stores soon.
Howard Schultz Jim Donald
chairman president & chief executive officer
Looking ahead, we continue to be extremely confident about our future growth and success.
We plan to open 2,400 stores internationally in fiscal 2007, and we have set financial growth targets for total revenue growth of approximately 20 percent and annual earnings-per-share growth of approximately 20 to 25 percent for the next three to five years. We have also raised our long-term store count target to 40,000 worldwide (20,000 U.S. and 20,000 International).
      
