 LETTER FROM THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER / 9
 Are We There Yet?
Those of you who have been following the Schwab story since the financial crisis know that our narrative has taken the form of a journey. As I look over my letters to you from the last few years, it’s all there in the titles. In 2009, we were focused on “Keeping Our Commitments” around sustained, profitable growth while coping with a macroeconomic environment that severely constrained our revenues. From 2010 through 2012, we moved to carefully rebuilding our investments in our clients while basically battling a still-worsening environment to a draw in terms of delivering profitable growth. We remained optimistic—“Managing Through the Turn,” “Driving Forward,” “Step by Step”—yet each of those years was marked by a halting economic recovery and an interest rate
environment driven by accommodative Fed policy that masked our progress in building our business.
In 2013, our story finally returned to “Simply, Growth” as the recovery gained sufficient strength for the Fed to start easing off its rate accommodation and our success with clients continued. Our financial formula was once again visibly working—we turned client growth into revenue growth, maintained the discipline to grow expenses more slowly than revenues, and delivered significant improvements in our pre-tax profit margin and net income. Heading into 2014, we felt that a continued economic recovery would enable us to deliver more of the same for the year, sending us further on our journey to higher profitability.

10 / LETTER FROM THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
Let’s spend some time reviewing how things turned out, and then we can turn our attention to the financial picture for 2015.
Our baseline assumptions for 2014 included a 6.5% rise in the S&P 500®, no change in interest rates, and client trading activity basically growing in line with expected growth in our client base of 5% to 6%. In that environment, we expected to achieve mid- to high-single- digit percentage growth in client assets and revenues; sustained expense discipline would then help us deliver a 300–500 basis point gap between revenue and expense growth and a pre-tax profit margin of around 34%. In hindsight, our baseline scenario may very well strike you as conservative, but we should remember that we were coming off several years of what I’ll call “head fakes”— initial expectations of sustained economic strengthening interrupted by potential signs of softening or even weakness. Those head fakes can be very disruptive to our investment plans as we remain committed to delivering profitable growth across all environments, so we thought it advisable not to rely on a stronger environment “lifting” us out of our spending constraints.
growth tied to growth in our client base, and then achieve earnings growth meaningfully ahead of that revenue expansion? In short, are we as profitable as we can be? The honest answer is that all three basic responses— yes, no, and maybe—are equally valid at this point in our progress. Let’s take them in turn.
Yes
As long as the economic environment is stable or improving, we firmly believe that our strategy and business model will enable us to attract a growing share of investable assets in the United States, and then build revenues from that growth while offering our products and services at a great value. We also believe we possess the experience and discipline to intelligently balance our investments to drive growth with near-term profitability, and to manage expense growth below that of revenues. We’ve been focused on this for many years, and frankly our “sideways” experience of 2009–2012 was the anomaly—with so much of our revenue taken away by ultra-low interest rates, our balancing act forced us to hold off on improving operating leverage in order to invest appropriately and deliver still-solid profitability. So yes, as 2014 demonstrated, with 10% client asset growth, 11% revenue growth versus 6%
                                                                                What happened in 2014?
•
•
•
•
Equity market returns did indeed show some volatility during 2014 as the economic picture unfolded, but the recovery held and the S&P 500 rose more than 11% overall, helping client asset valuations and asset management and administration fees top our expectations.
Interest rates were more or less a mixed bag during the year, with short-term rates mainly in a holding pattern and long-term rates popping up early and then dropping amid fresh concerns around a global economic slowdown and general “risk-off” sentiment. Our net interest revenue benefitted from some timely fixed-rate asset purchases early in the year, as well as higher- than-expected loan balances.
Revenue trades did not grow in line with the client base, but came close enough to keep trading revenue almost flat from year to year.
Finally, our $124.8 billion in net new assets were right in line with our expectations for the year.
Taking these factors together, we exceeded all of our initial financial expectations for 2014. The environment and our continued success with clients helped two of our three main revenue sources—asset management fees and net interest revenue—surpass initial estimates and pushed overall revenue growth to approximately 11%. By staying focused on operating efficiency, we were able to limit expense growth to approximately 6% even while investing a record $188 million in client-related projects, thereby achieving a revenue/expense growth gap of nearly 580 basis points and a pre-tax profit margin of 34.9%, up from 31.4% in 2013.
                       We think you’ll agree these are impressive results. So now comes the obvious question—Are we there yet? As we enter 2015, has our journey brought us to the point where we should expect to consistently deliver strong revenue
                                              
expense growth, a 350 basis point improvement in our pre-tax profit margin, and a 23% rise in net income, our financial formula has returned to stride.
Something to keep in mind: After years of environmental headwinds negating our progress, we aimed for extraordinary improvement in our profit margin in 2014 to help accelerate Schwab’s return to the level of financial performance we and you have come to expect. With U.S. investable wealth at $30+ trillion and growing, we have tremendous opportunities still ahead, and it may not be practical or wise to deliver margin improvement of 2014’s magnitude every year as we invest to pursue those opportunities. That said, we expect to continue producing meaningful operating leverage on a consistent basis.
No
We achieved our record financial performance in 2014 in the face of an enormous impediment that remains in place to this day—abnormally low interest rates. The low rate environment caused us to waive $751 million in money market fund fees, and our net interest margin (NIM) on $139 billion of average interest-earning assets was 164 basis points versus the NIMs of 300–400 basis points or more that we were earning before the Fed began lowering rates. So we are not there yet in terms of demonstrating our earnings power in anything approaching a normalized rate environment.
Something else to keep in mind: Regardless of when rates do rise, the recovery of that earnings power does not mark the limit of our growth opportunities—the two are completely unrelated. What it will mark is the advent of more fully profitable client relationships and a substantial lift in our overall profit margin. We expect to drive strong growth in our business for years to come. Normalizing rates will improve our flexibility in making investment and pricing decisions to pursue that growth while also enabling us to build our profit margins toward sustainably higher levels.
Maybe
As I’m writing this to you, there’s a pretty broad consensus that the economic recovery is progressing in a way that will push the Fed to begin raising rates before the end of 2015, a consensus that we find credible. So this might well be the year our full earnings power begins to emerge. I have to say, though, that we remain wary of those head fakes—having to reset a spending plan midstream yet again would be inefficient, disruptive, and dispiriting. So our baseline scenario for 2015 assumes the recovery continues and the S&P 500® rises another 6.5%. The scenario also includes modest growth in client revenue trades. The rate environment, however, is assumed to remain unchanged from late-2014 levels. Under this scenario, we’d expect to produce mid- to upper-single-digit revenue growth, a gap between revenue and expense growth of at least 150 basis points, and a pre-tax profit margin of around 36%. Conservative again? It may seem so now, but it still represents solid
performance and progress even if the environment isn’t quite as strong as 2014.
To the extent the environment supports increasing rates in 2015, we’d expect to pass approximately 75% of that revenue lift to pre-tax profits; we have established a set of investment priorities that we can pursue with the remaining 25%, including adding more financial consultants and retail branches, bolstering our marketing effort, and funding a variety of client-facing and operating initiatives to improve efficiency and service quality.
One more thing to keep in mind: With the ultra-low interest rate environment dragging on, we’ve been talking about allowing at least 75% of any rate-related surge in revenues to drop to pre-tax earnings for a few years now, starting back when our margins were hovering below 30%. With those margins now well into the mid-30s and likely to continue building even without rising rates, the relationship between reinvestment rates and incremental profit margin will probably need to evolve over time. We see no structural impediments to matching and then surpassing our prior record margin of 39.4%, which was set back in 2008. To the extent interest rates do return to longer-term norms, supporting and enhancing our business growth into the future may call for a greater share of that incremental rate-driven revenue to be reinvested in the business, but rest assured we remain committed to reaching the highest sustainable margin consistent with delivering that growth.
Are we there yet? Yes, no, and maybe, but that’s fine. We view 2015 with confidence and optimism and see great opportunities ahead. Whatever the future has in store for us environmentally, you can expect us to remain focused on keeping Schwab’s core financial story as simple as possible—solid business growth, solid revenue growth through diversified sources, and expense discipline leading to improved performance. We are committed to being good stewards of your capital and to maximizing the return on that capital over the long term. We recognize that your ongoing support is crucial to our ability to take that long-term view, and we hope to continue earning your support in the months and years ahead.
Joe Martinetto March 6, 2015
LETTER FROM THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER / 11
 