TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

Fellow Shareholders

Gregory L. Ebel
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

4

Spectra Energy

North America's energy landscape is in the midst of significant change, driven by the forces of `supply push' from North America's immense oil and natural gas resources and `demand pull' from markets across the continent and increasingly beyond our shores that require energy to heat homes, fuel industry and contribute to economic and societal progress. Spectra Energy is situated squarely in the center of these intersecting dynamics, connecting producers with consumers and investors with value. We're acting on the opportunities presented by this transformational time, and we are also addressing the challenges that accompany such significant change.
As one of North America's leading pipeline and midstream companies, we build and operate natural gas, natural gas liquids and crude oil infrastructure. We draw upon an impressive base of resources that includes a powerful fleet of pipelines, storage facilities and processing plants ... a talented team of experienced energy professionals ... and the financial capacity to fund growth well into the future. Those are the defining attributes that set us apart from ­ and ahead of ­ others in our competitive space. Your company continues to have what it takes to succeed ... to serve ... and to lead. This year's report focuses on the qualities that make us who we are ­ and prepare us to deliver real, reliable results through real world cycles. And that's important: because it's easy to deliver positive results when the wind's at your back; more challenging to do so when you're facing headwinds from the economic uncertainty and oil and natural gas liquids price declines that confront us today. Fortunately, we've designed our business model to thrive in all cycles and all macro-environments. Spectra Energy is not only a fair-weather investment; we are a constant performer ... a `must-own' in your portfolio ... and a pipeline company committed to a secure and vibrant energy future.

We recorded distributable cash flow nearly

19

%

above our expectation for the year

What We Achieved in 2014
Spectra Energy delivered strong financial results in 2014, underlining our relative strength even in the face of the lower commodity cycle that began in the last half of the year and persists today. We exceeded

our earnings target for the year, delivering ongoing

2014 Annual Report

5

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

2014 EBITDA by Business Segment
in millions

Net Income - Controlling Interests
in millions

1,200 $1,038 Spectra Energy Partners $1,669 $754 Western Canada Transmission & Processing 900 $940 $1,082

600 $552 Distribution $217 Field Services 0 2012 2013 2014 300

(In millions, except per share amounts and percentages)

2014 20132012

Common Stock Data

Earnings per share Basic Diluted Dividends per share Shares outstanding Year-end  Weighted average ­ basic  Weighted average ­ diluted 
Income Statement

$1.61 $1.61 $1.375

$1.55 $1.55 $1.22

$1.44 $1.43 $1.145

671 670668 671 669653 672 671656

Operating revenues Total reportable segment EBITDA Net income ­ controlling interests
Balance Sheet

$ 5,903 $5,518 $5,075 3,192 3,0862,819 1,0821,038 940

Total assets Total debt
Capitalization

$34,040 $33,533$30,587 14,679 14,71712,833

Common equity ­ controlling interests Common equity ­ noncontrolling interests and preferred stock Total debt

33% 34%39% 9% 8%5% 58% 58%56% $3,513 $2,575

Capital and Investment Expenditures, including Acquisitions$ 2,287

6

Spectra Energy

earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of $3.15 billion, and ongoing earnings per share of $1.61. We recorded distributable cash flow in 2014 of almost $1.5 billion, nearly 19 percent above our expectation for the year. We increased our annual dividend growth to 14 cents per share, up from the 12 cents per share growth we had pledged at this time last year. Even with this higher than promised dividend growth, we were able to handily surpass our 2014 dividend coverage target. We made significant progress on our capital expansion plans. During the year we placed almost $800 million of growth projects into service and secured an additional $3.5 billion in new growth projects supported by firm, fee-based contracts. Since 2013, we've delivered $16.5 billion in new projects either into service or into execution, putting us near the halfway mark in our drive to secure contracts for $35 billion in new project growth by 2020. We were responsive to the needs of our customers by operating reliably and responsibly. We achieved record volume send-outs across our system ­ on the Texas Eastern, Algonquin, East Tennessee, Platte, Union Gas, Western Canada and Maritimes & Northeast systems. Nothing speaks to customer satisfaction like repeat business, and for the last decade we've averaged an annual contract renewal rate on our major U.S. pipelines of more than 95 percent, and in 2014 we achieved a contract renewal rate of 99 percent.

Spectra Energy's asset footprint is ideally situated in the midst of North America's most prolific supply basins ­ and connected to the continent's fastest growing demand markets. The reach of our infrastructure benefits producers, end-use customers, markets and the U.S. and Canadian communities we serve. It means we can deliver energy resources reliably by employing the pipes we already have in place, or building entirely new extensions of our pipeline infrastructure to further our competitive reach. It means we can serve growing needs efficiently and cost effectively by expanding from a strong base. And it means we are looking around the corner to the future ­ enabling us to build vital new infrastructure by utilizing established resources, rights-of-way and relationships so that we can provide just-in-time service for our customers' growing needs.

Our natural gas system delivers approximately

20

%

of the natural gas consumed in North America

Our execution advantage
It's not overreaching to suggest that nobody does midstream infrastructure better than Spectra Energy. We've earned a reputation for designing, constructing and operating our assets with unrivaled excellence. We deliver projects into service on time, on budget and to exacting engineering and
safety standards. We're not alone in our view. Our New Jersey-New York Expansion won the Platts Global Energy 2014 Premier Construction

Our premier asset footprint
In our business, success hinges on being in the right place at the right time. And in 2014, we again proved that we are right where we need to be.

2014 Annual Report

7

Spectra Energy's license to build and operate rests with our record of responsible development, reliable operations and respectful interactions with stakeholders.

Project Award, recognized for excellence in project execution and management. The projects delivered into service in 2014 join a list of more than two dozen major expansion projects we've delivered into service since 2010 and underscore our ability to execute effectively on large-scale, complex projects that address the needs of an evolving energy marketplace. Our TEAM 2014 and TEAM South projects expand our Texas Eastern system by approximately 600 billion cubic feet per day ­ and they address the need for bi-directional flows that can move

increased supplies of natural gas from the Marcellus and Utica to demand markets both north and south of these prolific supply basins. Spectra Energy's pipelines are ideally situated to benefit from this changing gas flow dynamic. In fact, by 2017, with TEAM 2014, TEAM South and other projects we currently have in execution, we will make Texas Eastern fully bi-directional and provide unprecedented flexibility to our customers. In Western Canada, we placed the North Montney Project into service, providing an additional 210 million cubic feet per day of gas processing capacity to serve customers' needs in the prolific Montney play.

8

Spectra Energy

We've got a healthy backlog of projects due to commence service over the next several years ­ large, strategic projects that extend our portfolio and build a platform for future growth. Our projects in execution include Algonquin Incremental Market, or AIM, which expands the capacity of our Algonquin system and enables the flow of Appalachian natural gas to desperately constrained New England markets ... Ohio Pipeline Energy Network, or OPEN, set to move incremental production from the Utica and Marcellus shales to Midwest, Southeast and Gulf Coast markets ... NEXUS, which will further deliver Utica gas to markets in Michigan, Ontario and beyond ... Sabal Trail, a new 500-mile interstate pipeline that will serve power generation and industrial needs in Florida and Southeast markets ... and a multiphased expansion of our Dawn-Parkway system in Ontario that will serve growing demand for natural gas in Ontario, Quebec and the U.S. Northeast. And we have a number of great projects in the development phase, such as Access Northeast, a joint project with Eversource Energy and National Grid that will upgrade existing pipeline facilities and market area storage assets in New England to deliver up to one billion cubic feet per day of natural gas to serve regional power generation needs. Spectra Energy Liquids has experienced steady profitable growth since being added to our portfolio two years ago. We continue to optimize our Express-Platte pipeline system to meet market demand with expansions to the system and associated storage, and we're executing on connections, laterals and extensions to enable increased liquids flow through our Sand Hills and Southern Hills pipelines. Our DCP Midstream business, a 50-50 joint venture with Phillips 66,

is a must-run business that processes about 12 percent of the U.S. gas supply and is strategically positioned in key domestic basins. The business is navigating through the current commodity down cycle while continuing to add facilities that customers still require. Successful execution goes hand in hand with engagement amongst our various stakeholders ­ the communities where we operate, the customers we serve, the local citizens and regulatory agencies who monitor our performance and hold us to a high standard. Early and ongoing communication with stakeholder groups is central to how we operate our existing assets and develop new ones. We build infrastructure; but the trust we build with community partners is the foundation for every project, our daily operations, and all of our progress.

In 2014 our recordable injury frequency rate improved

40

%

over 2013 results

Our experienced team
Our success in 2014 ­ and always ­ is a reflection of our accomplished team. The men and women of Spectra Energy performed exceptionally well during the year, and focused intently on delivering improved results, growing value, better service and new solutions. Their steadfast commitment to safe and reliable operations underlines the fact that our license to build and operate is in good hands. Serving with them each day is a humbling honor.

2014 Annual Report

9

We are especially proud of the safety results delivered last year. On many fronts, 2014 was our best-ever year in terms of safety performance. Our employee injury rate improved 40 percent over 2013, and our other safety metrics likewise improved year-over-year. Those advances are testament to the focus and hard work our team has committed to ensuring a work place where safety is considered above all else and where true success can only be realized when each shift finishes the day with zero work-related injuries or illnesses.

Your dedicated board of directors plays a key role in defining our culture, setting our strategic course, and ensuring that management is accountable for the results we achieve for investors. I am grateful to our entire board, including our independent lead director Tony Comper, for their wise counsel, guidance, perspective and support.

What you can expect
We did what we set out to do in 2014 ­ and then some. But we are now focused on 2015 and beyond. This means executing on the $9.5

Committed to securing

$

in secured projects by 2020
Our progress on all fronts is made possible by a culture of accountability, empowerment and integrity. The men and women of Spectra Energy demonstrate our values every day, and in 2014 their dedication was well recognized. We were honored to once again be named to the Ethisphere Institute's annual list of the World's Most Ethical Companies, and to important sustainability metrics like the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes and the CDP Indexes. I encourage you to visit our sustainability report which details our performance in the areas of environmental integrity, economic value and social responsibility.

35B

billion in projects we have contractually secured, while also ensuring that we are rigorous in our assessment of both the opportunities and risks facing our business in the current and longer-term environment. We have worked diligently to buffer your company from the type of volatility that the current commodity, currency and economic cycles are showing can quickly occur. We have, as a result, built a powerhouse of high-performing fee-based businesses that have the ability to deliver secure, ongoing earnings, cash flow and dividend growth. Although we are not immune to the dramatic and recent drop in crude oil and natural gas liquids prices, we have structured Spectra Energy such that well in excess of 90 percent of our earnings are sheltered from commodity price movements. That puts us in a good place to weather this current commodity cycle without compromising our commitment to investors or curtailing our growth expectations. Over the past five years we've doubled the number of projects we have in execution, which means

10

Spectra Energy

Our employees across North America dedicate time and energy to volunteer initiatives that improve communities and the lives of our neighbours.

we're growing earnings, cash flows and value for investors. This value can be seen in the 115 percent total shareholder return our investors have realized in that same period. We're well on our way to achieving our goal of $35 billion in secured growth projects by the end of the decade. And our track record of successfully building both infrastructure and relationships makes us a trusted, preferred energy partner in communities across North America. The talented men and women of Spectra Energy commit passion and purpose to ensuring that stakeholders realize value from their association with us. We strive to prove ourselves anew with

each project we take on, each challenge we tackle, each decision we make. We are confident that we have what it takes to excel in this exciting new era of energy. I believe you can share equally in that confidence, and I thank you for your investment.

Gregory L. Ebel Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

2014 Annual Report

11

