What's New. What's Now. What's Next.
To Our Shareholders:
When I speak with our stakeholders ­ investors, customers, community partners and policymakers ­ they always ask me: "What's new?" They're eager to know what's happening at Spectra Energy, where we're focused, and how well we're performing. They're also keen to know what the future holds, and their next line of questioning goes something like this: "What's next? Where are you headed? How will you get there?" So we've dedicated this report to addressing what's new at Spectra Energy ... what's happening now ... and what's next. There's plenty to say about each, because 2013 was an enormously productive and transformative year. And like our pipeline systems that span North America, our past, present and future are connected. The work we do every day builds upon a firm foundation ­ and is inspired by our vision of being North America's "company of choice" in the pipeline and midstream sector. We are well on our way. All of our efforts last year were focused on growing today and for the longer term, serving customers and communities, and creating value for our investors. And we delivered a year with record achievements.

The numbers behind what's new, what's now, what's next
We hit or exceeded our numbers ­ not just the financial targets detailed in the pages of this report, but also the growth markers we've been striving toward. We placed $6 billion of capital into service during the year through both expansion of our asset footprint and strategic acquisitions ­ a record achievement for Spectra Energy. Customers and markets are now benefiting from projects like the New Jersey-New York pipeline, which brings new natural gas supplies into New Jersey and New York City markets for the first time in 40 years ... the addition of 350 million cubic feet per day of gas processing capacity in Western Canada ... and the Sand Hills and Southern Hills natural gas liquids pipelines that provide vital transportation capacity from key liquids-producing regions. With the 2013-2014 winter season shaping up to be one of the coldest in decades, the new pipeline infrastructure we put into service last year could not have come at a better time for consumers. We entered the crude oil sector in a big way with our acquisition of the Express-Platte pipeline system, one of only three major pipelines moving crude oil from Western Canada to refineries and markets in the U.S. Rockies and Midwest. We completed the transaction in March, and today our crude oil pipelines are operating at or near capacity, customers are coming to us, and the financial performance of our liquids segment is exceeding our expectations and set to more than double its financial contribution to our earnings over the next three years.
22 Spectra Spectra Energy Energy

Gregory L. Ebel
President and Chief Executive Officer

2013 Annual Report

3

Financial Highlights
(In millions, except per share amounts and percentages)

2013

2012

2011

Common Stock Data

Earnings per share Basic Diluted Dividends per share Shares outstanding Year-end Weighted average ­ basic Weighted average ­ diluted
Income Statement

$ $ $

1.55 1.55 1.22 670 669 671

$ 1.44 $ 1.43 $ 1.145 668 653 656

$ $ $

1.82 1.81 1.06 651 650 653

Operating revenues Total reportable segment EBITDA Net income ­ controlling interests
Balance Sheet

$ 5,518 3,086 1,038

$ 5,075 2,819 940

$ 5,351 3,117 1,184

Total assets Total debt
Capitalization

$33,533 14,717

$30,587 12,833

$28,138 11,723

Common equity ­ controlling interests Common equity ­ noncontrolling interests and preferred stock Total debt
Capital and Investment Expenditures, including Acquisitions

34% 8% 58% $ 3,513

39% 5% 56% $ 2,575

39% 5% 56% $ 2,309

4 Spectra Energy

We secured $7 billion of new projects last year ­ proving that there is plenty of "what's next" in our outlook. Florida Power & Light selected Spectra Energy to build and operate Sabal Trail, a nearly 500-mile interstate pipeline to deliver critically needed natural gas into Florida. The Algonquin Incremental Market (AIM) project will increase the west-to-east capacity of our Algonquin pipeline system ­ and it is fully subscribed by virtually all of the major local distribution companies in New England. Early this year, we announced the Atlantic Bridge project, which expands the Algonquin and Maritimes & Northeast systems to serve the growing needs of New England states and Maritime provinces. We're executing on four projects that will move gas south on our Texas Eastern system. And in Ontario, we're expanding our Dawn-Parkway transmission and storage system to enable customers to contract for more cost-effective and reliable new supplies at our Dawn storage hub and move natural gas to downstream eastern markets. Another noteworthy number is the $20 billion enterprise value of our reconfigured Spectra Energy Partners ­ now the leading fee-based master limited partnership (MLP) in the U.S. Given the opportunities on our horizon, we aligned our structure with our momentum in 2013 by completing a dropdown of substantially all of our remaining U.S. transmission, storage and liquids assets to Spectra Energy Partners. Spectra Energy's control and ownership of one of the largest fee-based MLPs in North America provides the scale and financial flexibility to execute on our growth projects and pursue new opportunities ­ all while delivering accelerated dividend and distribution growth for our investors. And we're raising the bar on a number you've heard us talk about ­ the $25 billion in capital expansion we committed to achieve by the decade's close. With the very successful execution of our plans in 2013, we're already more than halfway there. And, thanks to strong oil and gas fundamentals, and our successful pursuit of projects and prospects, we have many more growth opportunities ahead: ongoing growth in our core U.S. transmission businesses; our new liquids segment; Western Canadian gathering and processing; infrastructure needed to support the export of liquefied natural gas from the Gulf Coast and British Columbia, Canada; and organic expansion at Union Gas. So today we anticipate achieving about $35 billion in capital expansion by the end of the decade ­ growth that translates into strong and enduring investor value. Here's another important number ­ and the foundation for our success: the 5,800 employees working on your behalf. In every business and every function, our team is passionate, persistent and high performing. Not only do they drive our business success, they also enhance the communities we serve through spirited engagement and giving. And while the scope of work before us has grown, we've built a culture of accountability for outcomes. We've managed to resist many of the bumps that can occur with rapid growth, and we are continually refining our processes and structure. We're moving forward with competitive speed, resolve and discipline.

Constants you can count on
Navigating today's changing energy landscape demands flexibility, responsiveness and astute timing. It's the Goldilocks dilemma ­ knowing when a move is too fast, too slow or just right. Spectra Energy got it right in 2013. We expanded our business lines to include crude oil and natural gas liquids transportation at just the right time. We've successfully delivered a slate of new projects into service ­ right on time to serve growing demand. We created one of the largest fee-based MLPs in the nation. We rewarded investors with growing value.

2013 Annual Report

5

Express-Platte pipeline system in Casper, Wyoming

Change is constant. So is our commitment to ongoing value creation ­ and to the ongoing values that allow us to constantly adapt and lead the way on behalf of our shareholders. We understand the enormous responsibility that accompanies our role in gathering, processing, transporting and storing energy. Our approach to engaging stakeholders over the course of project development and operations is recognized by peers and regulators as an industry model. We strive to improve and uplift every community we serve by working in a safe and sustainable manner, and our employees regularly demonstrate care and community commitment through their investment of volunteer time, talent and philanthropic giving. We're pleased with our record of operating our assets reliably and safely. But we can do better when it comes to our performance regarding employee and contractor personal safety. Injury rates rose in 2013, primarily due to preventable accidents like sprains, strains, slips and falls. While some of these incidents may seem minor, we take them very seriously. We investigate every safety event to determine what happened and how to best prevent reoccurrence. We have launched an initiative to dig deeper, taking a closer, more critical look at our own processes and culture, as well as those of other successful companies and industries. Our ongoing financial success will be enhanced by the progress we make in lowering the injury and incident rates of our employees and contractors. I invite you to visit our website to view our sustainability report, which details Spectra Energy's performance on the connected goals of environmental integrity, economic value and social responsibility. More importantly, I hope you see that commitment reflected in our actions and performance every day. Our strong and repeat showing on important metrics like the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes, the CDP Indexes and the Ethisphere Institute's annual list of the World's Most Ethical Companies is both gratifying and motivating. We believe a company's ability to "do well" is only fortified by its ability to "do good" ­ and we continue to strive to do both. While change is good and leads to new opportunities, it can also be accompanied by mixed emotions. This year we say farewell to two long-standing leaders in our boardroom. Bill Esrey, our chairman for the last five years, will retire at our upcoming shareholder meeting, after serving our board ­ and those of our predecessor companies ­ for nearly 30 years. Dennis Hendrix will also retire this year, having served with distinction both as a director and as an executive for many years.

6 Spectra Energy

I will miss the counsel that both have provided the board and their rock-solid commitment to good governance and management accountability for shareholders. Fortunately, in 2013 we welcomed two excellent new directors to fill the void that Bill's and Dennis's pending retirements create. Michael Morris and Clarence Cazalot bring great management expertise, board governance depth and deep energy industry knowledge that will serve our investors, the board and management for years to come. I also wish to extend my gratitude to two of our longest serving executives, John Arensdorf and Alan Harris, who have indicated their intention to retire this year. Both these men contributed significantly to our company's growth and success. Spectra Energy is in a great place today, but we're always looking ahead to what's next. That means we will deliver the $7 billion of expansion projects we have secured in the pipeline today ... fill the pipeline further by finalizing contracts for attractive new projects that expand our portfolio ... and create sustainable value. Your company is both strong and agile. You're going to see us move decisively on a range of opportunities: from greenfield and brownfield expansions into new and existing demand markets; to new lines of complementary businesses close to our core; to acquisitions and financial structuring options that make strategic sense and benefit our investors. I'll conclude by sharing just a few more numbers with you. In 2013 we delivered ongoing earnings per share of $1.64 ­ nearly 15 percent higher than in 2012 and 9 percent above our target for the year. We're growing dividends at Spectra Energy by approximately 10 percent ­ and we intend to maintain that level of growth over the next several years. Spectra Energy investors benefited from a healthy total shareholder return of 35 percent, which exceeded both the S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average returns for 2013. We've doubled the enterprise value of your company in just five years. And we are confident that we'll double it yet again over the next half decade by applying the same resolve, dedication and commitment to deliver value for you, our investors. I hope you'll agree that there has never been a better time to invest in Spectra Energy, and I hope you're as excited as I am about what the future holds.
Gary Weilinger volunteers with Brown Bagging for Calgary's Kids to make nourishing lunches for local school children who might otherwise go without.

Gregory L. Ebel, President and Chief Executive Officer

Scan to view video address
2013 Annual Report

7

