 DEAR FE
2013 was a solid year for Sealed Air. We made
tremendous progress towards reinventing
Sealed Air from both an operational and a
financial perspective. We rebranded the
Company, refocused our employees on our
core strengths and redirected our future to
become a knowledge-based, winning company.
We generated approximately $7.7 billion in
sales and over $1.0 billion in Adjusted
EBITDA(1), a 6% increase over our 2012
results. We also generated $509 million in free cash flow(2), a significant increase compared to 2012.
Our rebranding effort exemplifies the magnitude of change underway at Sealed Air. Our new logo, the Trillian, symbolizes the value we bring to customers in everything we do—sustainability, performance, cost competi- tiveness. Our vision statement—to create a better way for life—puts sustainability at the core of why we exist. When we talk about a better way for life, we look to create a healthier, more sustainable future—one that benefits our customers and communities around the globe. Our mission statement—we re-imagine the indus- tries we serve to create a world that feels, tastes and works better—sets the course for how we achieve our vision and create value for our customers and our stockholders.
To reinforce our vision and mission, we renamed our divisions with their value proposition focused on “care.” This broader focus supports long-term flexibility and growth and conveys solutions-based expertise and credibility. In this, we are always striving to innovate and improve.
•   Food & Beverage is now Food Care. This division generated $3.8 billion in net sales, or approximately 50%  of our total sales, and $579 million in Adjusted EBITDA(3) in 2013. In Food Care, we are a leading provider of  Farm to Fork solutions with in-depth knowledge of the total value chain. From livestock reception to the  purchase of the final product by the consumer, we provide fully integrated end-to-end solutions globally.
•  I nstitutional & Laundry is now Diversey Care. This division generated $2.2 billion in sales, or 29% of total  sales, and $223 million in Adjusted EBITDA(3) in 2013. Diversey Care delivers solutions for cleaning, hygiene and food safety that protect brands, maximize efficiency and improve productivity through a broad range of products, tools and intelligent machines. Our global customers benefit from our international presence and leadership throughout Europe and emerging markets.
•   Protective Packaging is now Product Care, which accounted for $1.6 billion in sales, or 21% of total sales,  and generated $247 million in Adjusted EBITDA(3) in 2013. The Product Care division provides market leading  protective packaging solutions designed to help our customers minimize damage, maximize efficiency and reduce cost. We have made significant progress in changing this division from being product-centric to market-centric.
      LLOW STOCKHOLDERS:

   Collectively our three divisions give us a great ability to deliver on our vision and mission by transforming sustainable, end-to-end solutions into business-changing results.
To drive operational efficiencies and maximize earnings performance, we are delayering the organization, realigning our cost structure and simplifying our product and solutions portfolio. We are reducing costs with our integration and optimization and earnings quality improvement restructuring programs. Our integration and optimization program will be completed by the end of 2014, and our earnings quality improvement program will be completed by the end of 2015.
We have been working diligently to bring about change and improve the quality of our business, while at the same time leveraging our core strengths including our strong brand recognition, market leadership and innovative culture. Our portfolio of widely recognized brands include Bubble Wrap®, Cryovac®, and DiverseyTM/Taski®. We have among the broadest product portfolio relative to our peers, with superior industry expertise and technological know-how. We have tremendous long-standing customer relationships with many of the largest companies in the world. And, we are supported by strong talent inside the organization of approximately 25,000 employees.
Moving into 2014, we are relentlessly focused on creating value for all of our stakeholders, as we implement new operational and financial disciplines throughout the Company. Our core strengths coupled with our new disciplines will enable us to deliver financial and operational excellence and improve the quality of the business for the benefit of our stockholders, customers and employees—today, tomorrow and over the long term. This is a very exciting time for everyone in our Company, and I am pleased to be leading our team into the future of the re-imagined Sealed Air.
Sincerely,
Jerome A. Peribere
President & Chief Executive Officer
Sealed Air Corporation
(1)   Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation and Amortization (“Adjusted EBITDA”) is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure and excludes the impact of  special items, such as restructuring charges, cash-settled stock appreciation rights (“SARs”) granted as part of the Diversey acquisition and other one-time items. The 2013 reported operating profit from continuing operations was $602 million.
(2)   2013 free cash flow is a non-U.S. GAAP financial measure and is defined as cash flow provided by operating activities from continuing operations of $625 million  less capital expenditures of $116 million. Free cash flow does not represent residual cash available for discretionary expenditures, including certain debt servicing  requirements or non-discretionary expenditures that are not deducted from this measure.
(3)   Food Care and Diversey Care Adjusted EBITDA excludes “SARs.” SARs have no impact on Product Care Adjusted EBITDA. Additional detail on SARs is available in the annual  report on Form 10-K. The 2013 reported operating profit by division was as follows: Food Care, $431 million; Diversey Care, $58 million; Product Care, $200 million.
    