To Our Shareholders
We are pleased to report that our 61st year was another strong one for the Company. While fiscal 2010 sales were essentially even with prior year at $1,280,110,000 versus $1,280,684,000, our net earnings were up substantially to $48,411,000 or $3.96 per share, from $18,765,000 or $1.53 per share in the prior year.
The strong earnings reflect the Company's decision to adopt the LIFO (Last In, First Out) method of inventory accounting in fiscal year 2008. As input cost increases moderated this year, our pre-tax LIFO charge to earnings decreased to $11,242,000 from $58,333,000. In the prior year, Seneca was faced with unusually high increases in produce and steel costs which led to the large LIFO charge, while this past year, the lower overall inflation of our input costs permitted the company to earn handsome returns.
Another reason for the moderating costs this past year was an unusually good growing season during the summer and fall of 2009. This resulted in above budget packs in several critical commodities such as corn, peas, and our fruit crops. When Mother Nature provides ideal growing conditions, the plants run efficiently with abundant quantities of high quality produce. While this is a good problem to have from a cost perspective, it also results in higher levels of inventories that must be sold.
From the time of the completion of the pack season, we have taken an aggressive posture in selling our finished goods inventories. For example, in our reported six month results ended September 26, 2009, our inventories levels were $79,646,000 higher than the prior year while the difference at fiscal year end, March 31, 2010 has been reduced to $53,509,000. While we have more work to do before the new production season, we have been able to make substantial headway in addressing the issue.
One of the ways that we have been addressing the issue of heavy inventory levels is through higher trade promotional activity. Trade promotions in the final six months were up 62% over the prior year as compared to the first six months when trade promotions were up just 1.5%. One of the reasons why we increased our trade spending is due to the fact that we were far less successful in winning United States Department of Agriculture bids this year than last year. Our business with the U.S. Government was down 53% or $41,320,000 over the prior year.
This is particularly true in canned fruits where we rely very heavily on U.S. Government bids. Last summer's peach crop was the second largest on record in terms of tons of production per acre contracted. While Seneca submitted what we thought were aggressive bids for government canned fruit contracts this year, we lost most of the contracts to even lower bid submissions by our competitors. As a result, our government business in canned fruits was down 64% to $15,623,000 versus prior year. This set of circumstances required the company to reduce prices in all sales channels throughout the year. This situation will continue until supply and demand return to a more balanced state.
Turning to vegetables, we had another very good year. This was particularly true in our private label retail canned vegetable business where demand for our products remained strong throughout the year despite significantly increased competitive pressure from the leading branded competitor. Private label canned vegetables continue to have a strong leading position in the category as retailers use it to drive traffic with aggressive promotions, and the consumers respond to the value proposition by stocking their cupboards. Our brands, while profitable, were challenged by the fact that we are the number three brand in the category in a period when retailers are emphasizing private label.
We did see a turnaround in our food service channel where vegetable sales increased by 4% over prior year. This market is primarily institutions like schools, nursing homes, cafeteria style restaurants and other mass feeding establishments that were buffeted by the economic crisis’ of the past two years. Food Service customers are seeing that their food related budgets are finally catching up to the inflationary pressures of the recent past, and therefore are increasing their spending on our products.
One of the highlights of the past year was the signing of an extension of our longstanding Alliance Agreement with General Mills. For the past 16 years, we have produced hundreds of millions of cases of canned and frozen vegetables for General Mills which they sell under their world famous Green Giant and Le Sueur brands. In fiscal 2010, Seneca sold $239,622,000 of product to General Mills representing 19% of our total revenues. The original Agreement had a 20 year term, and the two parties decided that it
would make sense to continue our Alliance well into the future. As such, together we negotiated a mutually satisfactory amendment modestly improving the compensation to Seneca while at the same time assuring the long term supply of quality vegetables to General Mills.
It is worth noting on this occasion that this Alliance has withstood the test of time through many cycles, the General Mills' acquisition of Pillsbury, our original partner, and numerous personnel changes over the years. These partnerships take hard work and mutual respect to be successful. There are hundreds of people in both organizations who have contributed greatly to its success and should take pride in what our two companies have been able to accomplish together. We know that the General Mills Alliance makes us a better company, and we are excited that our relationship will continue into the foreseeable future.
One of the other significant accomplishments was the successful implementation of our new enterprise wide systems platform purchased from SAP. Our "Future is Now" project modernized our Information Technology (“IT”) systems and was carefully implemented in a risk-averse manner. As a result, we have successfully moved to an advanced, stable IT platform that will last for many years to come. As we look forward, we expect to leverage this multi-million dollar investment even further in support of the Company’s strategic initiatives.
Moving forward to the new fiscal year, we continue to actively promote our products to reduce the inventories that last year's bumper crop created. This will have a dampening impact on margins at least through the first six months of the fiscal year. One of the potential offsets to the higher promotional activity is in our cost of goods for Fiscal 2011.
For the past several years, our industry has been hit with cost input increases due to the ethanol crisis and a worldwide steel shortage, which resulted in the company building a $97,740,000 LIFO reserve over the past three fiscal years. Even when the global economy hit the wall in 2008 and continued to suffer through much of 2009, we did not see lower costs due to the lag factors associated with packing most of our products one time per year. Only now are we expecting to see lower input costs work their way into our cost of goods this coming season. If these lower costs come to pass, we would expect to see a LIFO credit to earnings as opposed to a LIFO charge in this fiscal year which would have a positive impact on our net earnings.
The prospects for a return to profitability in the fruit business remains a question mark for the coming year as the supply imbalance needs to be remedied. In peaches, the growers association proactively funded a tree pull this year as processors reduced their contracted acres in the face of heavy inventory positions. Whether these efforts to correct the imbalance are successful will be heavily influenced by both weather and the amount of fruit contracted by the U.S. Government.
As we have articulated many times over the years, consumers choose canned produce over fresh or frozen primarily because of the value proposition of canned. This requires that we remain relentless in our pursuit of lower costs through our commitment to vertical integration in can-making and seed production and an active company-wide continuous improvement program. Our nearly 10,000 employees understand, and have embraced, the fact that we need to assure the continued affordability of our products to lower income and lower middle income consumers around the country who rely on us to help them feed their families.
We are fortunate to have such dedicated employees along with our 3,000 grower partners who together make Seneca a strong and successful fruit and vegetable processor. Through our strict adherence to certain fundamental beliefs and never sacrificing long term financial health for short term gains, we believe that our shareholders will continue to benefit from their investment in Seneca.
Chairman
  President & Chief Executive Officer
3
