To Our Shareholders
Fiscal 2015 was a disappointing and challenging year for the company. We had high expectations for the year; however when it was all said and done, we are reporting lower earnings for the company. The company reported sales of $1,286,350,000 and net earnings of $9,899,000 or $0.90 per diluted share, compared to sales of $1,340,208,000 and net earnings of $13,779,000, or $1.23 per diluted share, in the prior year. The decline in both sales and profits are a function of lower selling prices and lower volumes sold over the course of the year for a variety of reasons.
As fiscal 2015 unfolded last April, one of our large competitors was sold to offshore interests, and they immediately took a very aggressive posture in the market right through the holiday selling season. In an effort to maintain our business, we took the appropriate steps to support our business through lower prices and higher promotional activity.
At the same time, the processing season for Seneca did not turn out to be a very good one from a weather standpoint. Once again, heavy rains and cold weather in Minnesota, in particular, impacted one of our largest growing areas for peas and corn. The result was higher than projected costs from the reduced volumes through our seasonal plants in the Midwest. The combination of higher costs and lower selling prices contributed to the reduced earnings performance of the company.
In addition, Seneca launched several new products into the market over the course of the year. We believe that the general trend of consumers to desire more convenient packaging is one that will be continuing, and as such Seneca has been at the forefront of offering microwaveable cups and pouches of vegetables into the market. These items have been readily accepted by our retailer accounts as new and exciting in a category that has lacked innovation. While the sales momentum of these products is growing, the initial launch and distribution costs also contributed to the lower earnings during the year.
Frozen vegetables were also a drag on our earnings. Most of our frozen production resides in three large plants in Minnesota where the poor weather drove our costs above the competitive marketplace for frozen produce. This past year’s challenges were also exacerbated by a difficult growing season in Idaho, where we have another large frozen processing facility. We continue to see great opportunities in our frozen business as consumer demand is more stable than in canned where the long term trends have been less favorable.
Our Alliance with General Mills for the production of the Green Giant brand on a contract basis has also been challenged in recent years as declining volume requirements have resulted in plant capacity issues and lower income from tolling fees. The decision was made this year to close a plant, and consistent with past practices, General Mills paid a fee to Seneca to take into account the closure costs and ongoing strategic impact on our company. This resulted in a reported profit as noted in the footnotes.
What reads like a litany of excuses is in reality just another year in the canned and frozen fruit and vegetable business. Our company has 66 years of dealing with Mother Nature, challenging competitive environments, and reinvesting in our business. In fact, we already have several reasons to be optimistic for the coming year.
For one thing, produce prices with our growers in the Midwest and East have dropped to reflect similar declines in the competitive commodity crops such as field corn and soybeans. In addition, the company took several steps to reduce our operating costs after the pack season was completed including the previously mentioned plant closure, and the realignment of labeling capacities within the organization. In addition, the primary investment costs of the product launches are behind us as well, and our frozen business outlook is improving through steps that the company has taken to realign where produce is packed and packaged.
Late in the fiscal year, we made the decision to divest our California canned fruit business. We acquired the Modesto plant in 2006, and it has been a successful and core part of our operations for the last eight years. In recent years, the operating environment in California has become ever more challenging as a result of rising cost structures. Peach growers have been pulling their orchards and replanting other tree crops, such as almonds and walnuts, which are more lucrative and have better long term prospects. As such, we determined that the Modesto facility would be in better hands with a farmer owned cooperative, Pacific Coast Producers, and negotiated a deal to sell the facility to them. They are already peach canners, and being owned by the growers themselves, they have a better incentive structure to help the peach industry survive in the midst of the alternative crop challenges, rising cost structures and the strong U.S. dollar. Unfortunately, after year end, the Department of Justice who was reviewing the deal made it impossible to proceed through delays caused by additional information requests as the fruit harvest approached.
2

To Our Shareholders
As a result, the parties agreed to terminate the transaction which allows us to focus our energy on the production season. When the season is over, we will regroup and determine a way forward in this challenging business. In the meantime, we continue to work to get new acres planted with innovative financing terms to growers as well as life of the orchard contracts. The continuing shortages of fruit mean that the business will likely remain profitable in the short run.
This past year, Seneca also acquired 1,078,707 of our own Class A Common shares, representing 9.7% of the total equivalent common shares at an average price of $27.38. Over the past three years, the Company has acquired 2,032,087 Class A Common shares representing 16.7% of the total equivalent common shares at an average price of $28.53. This compares to an adjusted tangible book value of $48.52 per share when the LIFO reserve and the Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Account are reversed. The LIFO and AOCL charges do not reflect the underlying performance of the company, but rather are standards for inventory and pension accounting respectively.
Warren Buffett often discusses the growth in the book value of Berkshire Hathaway as a measure of the intrinsic value of their company. At Seneca, our book value when tax adjusted for our LIFO reserve and our Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss for the pension has grown 115.7% over the last eight years, for a compounded growth rate of 8.8%. Therefore, we continue to view our own shares as undervalued.
While the past year was disappointing from a number of perspectives, we always keep the long term objectives of value creation in mind. We are fortunate to have a strong capital structure, a committed group of employees and grower partners, and a strong sense of independence that permits our company to focus on our long term success.
   Chairman
President & Chief Executive Officer
3
