Dear Fellow Shareholders,
As we begin the shareholder letter this year, we have chosen to take a slightly different approach to reporting our company’s performance rather than the traditional recitation of our sales and earnings during the past twelve months. For it was 10 years ago that Seneca Foods elected to move to the Last In, First Out (LIFO) method of accounting for both tax and book purposes. This is a commonly accepted form and is particularly tax efficient during periods of inflation. During the past decade, this was certainly the case as our company has built a $133,254,000 LIFO reserve, which under the previous method of inventory accounting would have been booked as pre-tax earnings and subject to corporate tax rates.
While we have been consistently profitable over the past decade, we would have reported much higher profits had we stayed on the previous First In, First Out (FIFO) method of inventory accounting. However we as a company manage for cash, not reported profits. We have used our cash to acquire outstanding shares from time to time when the Board of Directors felt the shares were undervalued and available. Our outstanding equivalent common shares declined by 2,267,000 or 18.6% over the course of the decade.
When one tax adjusts the LIFO Reserve and adds it to our reported net worth, the past decade shows an impressive increase in the book value of our shares. The book value per share, on an adjusted basis, increased from $22.39 in fiscal 2008 to $52.34 in fiscal 2017, a compounded annual increase of 8.9%. This performance is particularly gratifying when you take into account the mature markets in which we operate. Our core canned fruit and vegetable business representing 87% of sales in Fiscal 2017, has consistently exhibited stable to declining demand. It is in this challenging environment that our company has grown the book value of our shares.
Fiscal 2017 was one of those years when the challenges were quite pronounced. Seneca earned $12,613,000 or $1.27 per diluted share on sales of $1,245,681,000 versus earnings of $54,458,000 or $5.42 per diluted share on sales of $1,275,360,000 in the previous year. Two years of relatively problem free growing seasons in vegetables, combined with very serious import competition in our fruit operations resulted in significantly reduced earnings. When inventories build up as they did this year due to good growing conditions and import competition, we have no choice but to reduce selling prices to spur sales and work towards aligning inventories with demand. This process will continue until the supply/demand situation is more in balance.
As mentioned, growing conditions last summer and fall were very good. In many of our seasonal commodity crops, we either met or exceeded our planned production as Mother Nature cooperated through the growing and harvesting season. Demand for our products on the other hand was softer than expected. Reasons for this include the fact that several important retail customers chose not to promote our products as aggressively this year, and furthermore, Easter was very late, falling two weeks after our fiscal year end.
Fiscal 2017 was also our first full year of managing our recently acquired maraschino cherry businesses. In the prior year, Seneca purchased two companies engaged in the production of maraschino cherries and glace fruit, making our company the largest maraschino cherry processor in the nation. During the year, we consolidated the production from two plants into one modern facility in Michigan resulting in plant closure expenses. An additional expense for our canned goods business occurred when we suffered a 100 year snow event at one of our plants in Idaho causing several roofs to collapse under the weight of the snow. The aforementioned events resulted in restructuring and other operating losses of $2,475,000 on a pre-tax basis in fiscal 2017.
As highlighted on the cover of this annual report, Fiscal 2017 was a year in which the company invested in growing its seed business. We worked out a production alliance with Monsanto by which Seneca acquired a facility in Idaho and signed a 10 year agreement to produce seed for them. As part of this arrangement, Monsanto also moved production from one of their plants into another seed facility of ours adding needed volume to reduce costs. In addition, near the end of the fiscal year, Seneca acquired a seed research facility in Minnesota, which added to our capabilities for developing and evaluating new varieties of seed for use within the Seneca organization.
2

We funded these acquisitions through our revolving credit facility. During the year we expanded and extended our revolver, in addition to borrowing $100 million under a new term loan. As a result, our working capital remains strong as does our balance sheet in general.
Fiscal 2017 was also a year where we saw good growth in our newer packages of cupped and pouched products that we have been rolling out regularly over the last several years. For more than five years, Seneca has made substantial investments in this area, including the acquisition in April subsequent to fiscal year end of the remaining 50 percent of Truitt Brothers. Truitt Brothers is a leading manufacturer of meals in pouches, cups and trays with a recognized strength in research and development. When Truitt Brothers capabilities are combined with our existing investments in alternative packaging, Seneca has become a substantial participant in this growing market, as consumers continue to migrate toward convenient ready-to-eat microwavable foods.
We have also continued to see excellent growth in our canned and frozen organic vegetables. Over the past 12 months, we have been busy rolling out a new brand into the marketplace of shelf stable vegetables and beans under the Green Valley® label. This has been well received by both retailers and consumers. More recently, we have begun offering organic vegetables in ready-to-eat single serve cups in both the private label and branded retail markets. While the organic business represents approximately 3% of Seneca’s overall sales, it is a growth segment in otherwise mature categories.
Unless Mother Nature intervenes, we will continue to see a difficult earnings environment in fiscal 2018 as we work to align inventories with demand. In addition, we are seeing cost pressures as higher steel, higher produce, and greater demand for costly e-z open ends, all of which combined will lead to a significant LIFO charge this year. Having said all that, we have been through these periods many times in our 69 year history, and we will continue to manage through it by reinvesting our cash flow back into the company, and waiting for the market to correct itself. In the meantime, we will work hard to make the most of the investments already made over the past several years as we support our core businesses and integrate and build on the new investments made in cherries, organics, and alternative packaging.
Unlike most companies in America today, we continue to offer our long term employees the opportunity to retire with a monthly pension check from our nearly fully funded defined benefit pension plan which has assets of over $200 million. Our long term strategy of investing our pension funds in common stocks of leading American corporations paid off handsomely for us this past year. Our investment return was nearly 20% which significantly reduced the pension liability. This return, along with several other factors, contributed to our pension liability reduction for the year of $29,605,000 and increased the book value of our common stock by $1.80 per share.
Our pension plan is one reason why we have experienced and loyal employees. Our Plant Managers, Operations Directors and Vice Presidents have average company tenure of over 24 years. Our 3,000 plus year-round employees have average company tenure of nearly 15 years. This experience base is not easily duplicated and very much appreciated.
Sincerely,
   Chairman
President & Chief Executive Officer
3
