To Our Shareholders
Fiscal 2008 was a successful year as we navigated our way through a very challenging cost environment to earn record results for the company for a third year in a row. Seneca reported net earnings of $8,019,000 or $0.65 per share on sales of $1,080,724,000. These results reflect the Company's decision to adopt the LIFO (last-in, first-out) method of inventory accounting. If Seneca had remained on a FIFO (first-in, first-out) method of inventory accounting, the pre-tax results less non-operating gains and losses would have been an all time record of $42,644,000, up from $40,009,000 the prior year. The decision to adopt the LIFO method of inventory accounting reduced our pre-tax earnings by $28,165,000, which in turn reduced our 2008 tax liability by $9,858,000 at the statutory rate. We believe this decision is prudent in today's current inflationary environment as it enables Seneca to better match current costs with current revenues and improve our cash position.
The current inflationary environment is primarily due to major increases in the costs of produce, steel and fuel. As the field corn and soybean futures markets soared last year due to demand from bio-fuels, Seneca had to remain competitive with these alternatives in order to maintain our grower base. In addition, tin-plated steel used to make our cans, and fuel used in many different areas of our business had double digit percentage cost increases due to rising global demand for these resources.
Seneca's strategy in the face of massive inflation is to continue to invest our cash flow back into the business to help offset the rising costs through cost saving initiatives. Over the past several years, we have invested heavily in our can-making operations, numerous plant automation projects to reduce reliance on seasonal labor, and in our seed operations. We also re-emphasized our continuous improvement program where our employees participate in developing cost savings initiatives. In order to ensure that our products remain a value proposition to consumers, we will continue to invest in cost savings initiatives wherever possible.
Meanwhile, our sales organization has been tasked with working with our customer base to explain the cost pressures, and raising prices to maintain our margins. For many years, canned fruits and vegetables prices were stable as costs stayed relatively flat and the industry had plenty of inventories. Over the past few years, we have had no choice but to take price advances as inventory levels have tightened due to strong sales.
Looking to the current year, we forecast more of the same as commodity prices have continued to climb ever higher. Corn, soybeans, and wheat all kept moving higher reaching new record highs this Spring as our Field Department attempted to contract acreage. This has forced us to move further away from our plants to find acreage, contract additional double cropping of acreage, and pay the farmers much more for crops. Oil and natural gas prices have also continued to climb, which impact our harvesting, crop hauling, plant processing and shipping costs. Finally, steel suppliers instituted another major price advance impacting the cost of our cans.
In addition to the cost pressures outlined above, our fruit business is also facing an additional set of rising costs, many of which are due to the pressures of population growth. The California fruit and tomato industry was pushed by population growth from the coast to the Central Valley region in the 1960s and now, some 40 years later, those same population pressures have reached the Central Valley. Higher water, electrical and environmental costs, combined with some of the nation's highest wage and benefit rates, make the fruit industry vulnerable to foreign competition. We continue to work with the grower community on these issues as we all have a stake in the outcome.
Despite all of these challenges, we believe that Seneca is well positioned to benefit from today's environment. The weak U.S. dollar is helping us
grow our already substantial export business in canned vegetables. As the cover of this annual report shows, we are currently shipping our products to dozens of countries all over the globe. As the global economy grows, demand for our products will also grow.
At the same time here at home, our canned food products are generally considered staple items, and therefore recession proof. We should benefit from the Federal Government's increased emphasis on getting more fruits and vegetables into the diets of our nation's children. This is evidenced by the new Farm Bill's strong funding support for the school lunch program and food banks, as well as the USDA's addition of fruits and vegetables to its Woman and Infant Children's (WIC) Feeding Program. Our products are ideally suited to serve all of these programs.
Additionally, we have successfully developed new ways of reaching consumers with our products. Seneca was the first national company to roll out a full line of canned organic seasonal vegetable products under our Libby label as well as private label. We are a fully integrated organic processor owning over 1,100 acres of organically certified farmland which we farm and from which we ship the produce to three organically certified processing plants. We have also invested in processing and packaging equipment in several facilities which will enable us to launch new products in new types of packaging to reach consumers that may not currently be purchasing canned products.
Our Alliance with General Mills, now heading into its 14th processing season, remains strong. Over the past 13 years, Seneca has produced over 325 million cases of vegetables for General Mills' Green Giant brand making it by far the largest and longest lasting such arrangement in the industry. While the volumes have softened over the last few years, the Alliance is an important part of our vegetable business, contributing over $201 million in sales in fiscal 2008. Given General Mills' reputation for selling top quality products under its iconic brands, their longstanding support of the Alliance is a good indication of the strength of Seneca's commitment to quality.
In fact, food quality and food safety is the highest priority for our company. After several high profile recalls by food companies, our consumers, our retail and food service customers, and state and federal regulators are all demanding more and better information about the quality and safety of the food supply. To give you some perspective, Seneca's customer information requests and plant audits grew from 193 in 2003 to 2,835 last year. This avalanche of requests for information has required us to invest in both people and software to handle the work. Overall, we work hard to ensure that our products meet public health standards, that our customers are comfortable putting their labels on our products, and that we exceed consumer quality expectations. Our work here is never done.
In summary, despite many obstacles, fiscal 2008 was a successful year with a record performance. As we look to the future, we are well positioned for continued success thanks to the over 3,000 American farmers who supply us the fruits and vegetables from their orchards and fields, and to our experienced work force who manufacture those fruits and vegetables into several billion servings of canned and frozen products that are enjoyed throughout the year by families around the world and here at home.
                                                                                                       2
Chairman
President & Chief Executive Officer
