To Our Shareholders
Fiscal 2012 was a much improved year for the Company, although our reported earnings would have you believe otherwise. Fiscal 2012 sales were up 5.6% to $1,261,821,000 while our reported earnings for fiscal 2012 were $11,256,000 or $0.92 per share. Prior year’s sales were $1,194,612,000 and net earnings were $17,671,000 or $1.45 per share. Had the Company not switched its inventory accounting method to Last In, First Out (LIFO) in fiscal 2008, the results would have looked much different. Fiscal 2012 net earnings would have been $42,027,000 or $3.44 per share versus $12,567,000 or $1.03 per share in fiscal 2011 on a First In, First Out basis of inventory accounting according to generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).
Our decision to switch to the LIFO inventory accounting method has turned out to be a very prudent one over the past five years. The Company’s cost inflation has resulted in a LIFO reserve of $137,227,000, including a $47,340,000 pre-tax charge in fiscal 2012 alone. The current accounting method helps to more accurately reflect current costs and current revenues, and, additionally, had we stayed under our previous accounting method, this reserve would have represented pre-tax earnings on which we would have been required to pay taxes. The Seneca story has been a consistent one over our 63 years. We manage the Company for cash, not reported earnings.
The improved performance was a result of the fact that the inventory pressures were finally relieved in both our canned and frozen vegetable business after two long years of carrying excess inventories. This past growing season was quite the opposite of the prior two years as excessive moisture followed by high heat, caused significant recovery losses in our pea and corn crops. The impact was immediate with selling prices in both domestic retail and food service quickly rising in the second and third quarters, to reflect the changes in availability of product. This resulted in higher sales and profits for our vegetable operations from the second quarter through to the end of the year.
It was not all positive news for vegetables, as our Green Giant production alliance sales with General Mills declined 13.2% for the year. Our corn and pea production destined for General Mills is primarily located in Minnesota, where difficult growing conditions were more pronounced, and therefore we had fewer finished goods to sell to them. In addition, we sell our product to General Mills on a cost-plus basis, so there is not a possibility of any higher selling prices than the contractual fixed cost, plus a fixed per case tolling fee. Nevertheless, our General Mills Alliance remains very important to our Company.
The fruit side was much improved in fiscal 2012, but remains challenged by foreign competition and weakening demand. While there are some encouraging signs with foreign competition hampered by higher costs, it has been difficult to turn a consistent profit as we rely on low margin export and government sales to keep the plant operating at capacity. As the consumption of canned fruit has declined, we have been aggressively rolling out fruit products, packed in other types of packaging such as plastic and glass. For example, we have begun offering 6 oz. single serve fruit packed in a plastic cup, which we are selling along with our already successful fruits packed in plastic jars. This coming year, we will also be offering a line of glass-packed fruits in juice. In addition, our ready-to-eat oatmeal with fruit cups continues to gain momentum, although the warm winter negatively impacted overall category consumption. We are in the process of rolling out two new flavors of oatmeal, to add to the two flavors we are currently selling.
Fiscal 2012 was a year that we continued to make significant investments in growing our frozen vegetable business. Historically, the Company has been a small participant; however in fiscal 2011, we made an acquisition in Pennsylvania that increased our market presence in the northeast. We have followed that with investments in the production, packaging and warehousing of frozen vegetables at our Buhl, Idaho and Rochester, Minnesota plants, and our newly acquired packaging center in Lebanon, Pennsylvania. We will be continuing this investment in the coming year as we put together a national footprint of production and packaging of frozen vegetables. We believe many of our customers will find the national footprint for frozen vegetables very attractive.
Also this past year, we invested in several of our plants which are primarily devoted to export sales in order to meet the exacting standards required by many of our international customers. Export sales to over approximately 80 countries around the world represented nine percent of Seneca’s total revenues in fiscal 2012. The business suffered due to the timing of our contracting with our international customers versus the actual costs incurred as a result of the poor corn crop. As the standard of living among the population of the developing world increases, we expect that they will desire the high quality products that we provide in canned and frozen fruits and vegetables.
2

To Our Shareholders
Last summer, the Company signed a letter of intent to acquire one of its competitors in the canned and frozen vegetable industry. During the due diligence process, the Company invested $10,000,000 in the selling Company’s revolving loan facility, in order to facilitate the exit of several existing lenders. Although Seneca ultimately decided not to proceed with the transaction, the Company has continued to have this investment, which is recorded as a loan receivable on our balance sheet. At fiscal year end, the principal amount of the loan was $10,000,000, but following year end, it was paid down to $6,309,000.
As we look to the future, we are excited about the upcoming year. While Mother Nature will certainly insert herself in ways we cannot yet foresee, we currently believe that next year’s financial performance will continue to improve. We are planning on a more normal pack and we do not believe that there will be the inflationary pressures of last year, which should lead to more moderate costs.
While each year brings its own challenges, our approach of managing for the long term remains unchanged. In the meantime, with our share price currently trading at less than book value, we currently intend to prudently repurchase shares as they become available. Finally, we would like to thank our nearly 10,000 loyal employees, who help Seneca Feed the World.
    Chairman
President & Chief Executive Officer
3
