To Our Shareholders
We are pleased to report that fiscal year 2006 was the most profitable in our company’s 57-year history. The company earned $21,993,000, or $1.96 per share, in fiscal year 2006 versus $7,907,000, or $.70 per share, in fiscal year 2005. This earnings performance was on sales of $883,823,000, up 2.3% over prior year ’s sales of $864,274,000. The improved operating performance in the very competitive and challenging canned vegetable industry is the result of several factors including very good growing conditions, expected synergies from our most recent acquisition, and an improved mix of sales resulting in higher gross margins.
The summer and fall of 2005 was one of the better growing seasons in memory. In several commodities that Seneca contracts and harvests, we had near-record field yields—combined with strong production plant efficiencies—which led to favorable overall costs. It took a frost at the end of September to end what would have been the biggest pack on record and Seneca still processed about 7% more corn than was budgeted. Our pumpkin crop was even stronger and by the time we were forced to stop harvesting due to the cold weather, we had packed far more product than would normally be the case for the acres that we planted. There is an old farmer’s adage that the best year is the one against all future years are measured—but in our case, we will be hard pressed to top last season’s wonderful growing conditions.
Having said all that, great weather is not the only reason why our earnings performance was strong. Over the past few years, Seneca has worked hard to integrate the Chiquita Processed Foods acquisition, which was completed just prior to the 2003 crop season. We have invested millions of dollars in new harvesting and processing equipment, and simultaneously closed several plants that did not fit in the company’s post-acquisition production plans. Our 21 remaining production plants were able to focus on operational issues without the distraction of integrating the acquisition. This focus resulted in lower overhead spending and overall improved plant efficiencies. The plants’ successes were in spite of much higher utility costs due to the spike in the natural gas market during the production season.
Our distribution strategy of building warehouses at our production facilities paid off with lower distribution costs despite much higher fuel prices. Since the acquisition, the company has built over 700,000 square feet of warehousing to store our vegetable inventories in order to minimize the handling of our products. During the same period, we were able to reduce case and label costs through major investments in new labeling and material handling equipment.
Also, in the past two years, we invested over $18 million in our can manufacturing operations. This investment has allowed us to increase plant capacity to absorb the volume from the acquisition as well as reduce the amount of steel used in making cans and ends. We remain the largest self manufacturer of steel cans in America.
On the quality side of our business, we recorded a 35% reduction in consumer complaints year-over-year due, in part, to our multi- million dollar investment in the latest technologies available to clean and sort our produce as it comes in from the field. In addition, our field department is working with our grower partners on environmental sustainability issues through integrated pest management and crop rotation. Seneca is also participating in the growing market for organic products with a line of branded and private label canned organic vegetables.
Our sales this past year to our Alliance partner, General Mills, were up over the prior year as the bountiful pack season also impacted our production and subsequent sale of the Green Giant pack to General Mills. This was offset somewhat by the reduction in the asparagus pack as this represented the last year that Seneca produced the Green Giant asparagus spears. General Mills decided to move their production offshore for cost reasons and unfortunately we had to shut down our Dayton, Washington facilityafter last summer’s harvest.
Our snack chip business had an excellent year in that sales finally exceeded its levels of three years ago as the low-carbohydrate diet fad ended. Our plant in Yakima, Washington is unique in the snack chip industry with its vacuum frying system, in which it produces our market-leading Seneca brand apple chips as well as high-quality potato chip products for other snack food companies—all of which contain 30-40% less fat due to our unique technology.
In looking to the future, we must recognize that we remain essentially a commodity business where Mother Nature plays a big role in our annual performance. In fact, one of the outcomes of last year’s excellent harvest is that the industry is now wrestling with higher-than-normal canned vegetable inventory levels. We expect annual sales to be lower next year due, in part, to a reduction in sales to General Mills as they adjust inventory levels. In addition, we will no longer be producing Green Giant asparagus. Lastly, selling prices in the industry have declined due to the heavy inventory positions.
In spite of these ongoing challenges, we are enthused about Seneca’s prospects. We will address this coming year’s challenges just as we have in the past, with a dedicated focus on managing costs and investing in our future. Our strong leadership position in our industry, our loyal and experienced people, and our modern production facilities position Seneca for long-term success.
                                                                                                       Chairman
President & Chief Executive Officer
2
