To Our Shareholders
Fiscal 2007 was a milestone year for Seneca Foods as revenues exceeded the billion dollar mark for the first time, and our Company achieved record earnings for the second year in a row. Fiscal year 2007 revenues were $1,024,853,000 and net earnings were $32,067,000 or $2.63 per share versus prior year revenues of $883,823,000 and net earnings $21,993,000 or $1.96 per share.
The year was also highlighted by the acquisition in August of Signature Fruit Company, LLC from John Hancock Life Insurance Company. We purchased 100% of the membership interest of Signature for $47.3 million including transaction costs, which was financed by a combination of seasonal borrowings to finance inventory, a long-term mortgage, and issuance of $25.0 million in convertible preferred stock to the seller. In addition, over the course of the year, we sold excess real estate that brought in a total of $32.2 million in proceeds that also helped retire debt used to finance the acquisition. When combined with our strong earnings, these sources of funds allowed the Company to grow its working capital and yet not significantly increase the Company’s leverage.
As a result of this acquisition, Seneca is now the second largest fruit canner in the U.S. as well as the largest vegetable canner. The synergies of combining our fruit and vegetable operations have been quite substantial and continuing. We moved rapidly to consolidate administrative, sales, and technical service functions, and are in the process of gaining distribution benefits through joint shipping of fruits and vegetables that our customers strongly desire. The acquisition also brings the Libby’s brand fruits and vegetables under the same ownership for the first time in over 25 years.
Turning to our core vegetable business, Seneca experienced another very good growing and processing season last year, resulting in competitive costs and continued strong earnings. Our Alliance with General Mills had another successful year as we completed our 12th production season producing Green Giant vegetables. While the sales to General Mills declined somewhat, a significant portion of this was the loss of the canned asparagus business to off-shore competition, where we were able to work together with General Mills to determine a course of action. As we look to the future, we continue to work with our Alliance partner on projects that will help rebuild the revenue stream from the lost business.
One of the challenges that Seneca and the entire industry faces this coming year is the rapid increase in produce costs due to the demand created by ethanol production. With ethanol refineries sprouting up all over the Midwest, we face increased competition for contracts as many farmers have decided to grow corn for ethanol rather than produce for canning and freezing. This has led to substantial price increases for Seneca in order to contract acres for the coming season. We have estimated what the higher produce costs mean to our overall costs, and are busy working to protect our margins through price advances.
It is hard to know whether this increased demand for corn for ethanol will result in a permanent increase in crop prices or whether the supply will catch up through additional acreage and yield improvements. There is a wide variety of opinions on this matter, but for the short term all Americans will be paying more for their canned vegetables and many other food products.
Regardless, we see a bright future for our Company. This country is facing a health crisis of epidemic proportions with the rising incidence of obesity and diabetes. The U.S. government and many state and local governments are working diligently to change America’s eating habits to encourage eating more fruits and vegetables. There are numerous academic studies that prove that canned fruits and vegetables have equal to or superior nutritional qualities to fresh and frozen alternatives. Consequently, as Americans increase their consumption of fruits and vegetables, Seneca will capture its fair share. Our products are safe, delicious, nutritious, and long lasting.
One of the ways that the government is tackling this challenge is through the School Lunch Feeding program. The Secretary of Agriculture has stated that one of his primary goals for the school lunch program is to reduce childhood obesity. Seneca is currently the largest supplier of fruits and vegetables to this program which serves children in over 100,000 schools each year.
In addition, the new Farm Bill proposed by the Bush Administration has additional funds for fruits and vegetables in a variety of programs to stimulate consumption through education, food aid, and research and development. Since our products are cost competitive, easy to use, and long lived, we should be able to help these efforts succeed.
We also see future opportunities in our export business. Seneca is currently the largest exporter of canned fruits and vegetables in the U.S., shipping product to over 70 countries around the world. As the global economy continues to grow with rising processed food consumption in some of the world’s most populous countries, we can see that our products will play a larger role in feeding the world. At the same time, we are also watching very carefully the increase of foreign canned foods coming into the U.S. We must make sure that we are competing on a level playing field, and will continue to make the case for fair trade.
In summary, fiscal 2007 was a good year for the Company with improved earnings, and a significant acquisition. As we look forward to our 59th processing season, we know that our business is one where success is hard won and always in doubt. Our strategy of being focused on quality and costs has assured our survival through decades of tough competition with dozens of companies, many of whom no longer exist. This strategy recognizes that our products represent a value proposition to our consumers, and that the only way to succeed is to be the very best operator in all phases of our business.
We look forward to the coming year with the same excitement we feel each year as the processing season begins, with special thanks to our several thousand employees who put in long hours to assure that we make a difference in providing safe, delicious and nutritious fruits and vegetables to millions of people both here at home and around the world.
                                                                                                       2
Chairman
President & Chief Executive Officer
