To Our Shareholders
Fiscal 2013 was a successful year for the Company as we recorded increased sales and strong profits. Our revenues for the year were up 1.5% to $1,276,297,000, while net profits were $41,413,000 or $3.57 per share versus $11,256,000 or $0.92 per share in the prior year. The primary reason for the improved profits was a $33,509,000, net of income tax benefit, positive swing in the Last In, First Out (LIFO) inventory accounting calculation. Last year, the increase in our LIFO reserve led to a $30,771,000 charge to net earnings, while this fiscal year, it led to a $2,738,000 after-tax credit to earnings. While LIFO charges and credits can result in big swings to our profits due to the inventory intensive nature of our business, we remain convinced it is a prudent approach to managing for cash.
Core canned fruit and vegetables, which constitutes 77.8% of our sales, had an excellent year as difficult weather conditions in several key growing areas led to smaller packs and higher selling prices. In our business, a smaller than projected crop can mean increased profits as the company is forced to raise prices in order to slow movement and remain a 52 week supplier. The widely publicized drought conditions in the Midwestern states shortened our pea and corn production seasons, and we were able to hold, and even firm up, prices over the course of the year. Conversely, our green bean and pumpkin packs were above budget, as these two commodities tend to outperform in dry growing conditions. As a result, prices have softened in these commodities.
In California, the canning industry had the third shortest peach crop in the last fifty years according to statistics provided by the California Canned Peach Association. The peaches simply did not size up due to difficult weather across the growing regions. While we expected some smaller fruit at the beginning, the mid and late season cling peach varieties also failed to size up and created many production and inventory management issues. Unfortunately for Seneca and our customers, the severity of the short crop has led to product outages for certain items. As a result, the fruit business was modestly profitable for the first time in several years.
This past year, the Company continued to expand its commitment to frozen vegetables through significant investment in both processing and packaging capabilities. While frozen vegetable sales represents only 6.7% of our total sales, we believe that with our modern freezing plants and our national footprint in packaging, Seneca is poised to grow in this segment of the market.
Our longstanding Alliance with General Mills had its challenges in fiscal 2013. The poor growing conditions for peas and corn in Minnesota continued for the second year in a row creating higher costs due to reduced volumes in the plants that are primarily dedicated to producing Green Giant products. This caused a temporary reduction in sales to General Mills this past year, which was similar to the year before. Seneca expects that this business will see an increase in the coming season as weather conditions improve. We have enjoyed and appreciate our 18 year relationship with General Mills in our production of Green Giant brand products. In fiscal 2013, it represented 13% of our revenues.
Our snack chip business appears to have turned the corner as it managed a small profit for the year. We struggled during the recession as our products tended to be more pricy than conventional snack chips due to our unique batch vacuum frying process. With an improving economy, we are seeing more interest in our apple chips from new food service and international buyers, as well as our traditional domestic retail customers. In addition, we rolled out a line of potato chips and a line of pear chips, both of which are gaining traction.
The year was noteworthy in other ways as the Company repurchased 10.4% of its Class A common shares in the market at an average price of $29.88. In addition, during the first quarter, Seneca received repayment of its $10,000,000 loan to a third party that was made in conjunction with an acquisition that failed to close. The Company also made a strategically important acquisition during the fourth quarter purchasing the equity interests of Independent Foods, L.L.C., for $5,016,000 plus the assumption of debt. Independent Foods, L.L.C., is a canned pear, apple and cherry processor that has been successfully operating for over 40 years from its plant in Sunnyside, Washington. The addition of northwest pears, apples and cherries to our offerings of canned fruits and vegetables, is being viewed positively by our customers who enjoy the increasingly wide assortment that Seneca has to offer.
As we look to the future, we continue to see great new opportunities in delivering processed fruits and vegetables to consumers around the world. While fresh is often purported to always be the best option over processed foods, in the case of fruits and vegetables, it is simply not true. Our products provide nutrition, shelf life, convenience and flavor in a world that is demanding all of these attributes at a lower cost versus fresh alternatives, especially when taking into account the waste associated with fresh produce.
2

To Our Shareholders
As such, we are looking for ways of expanding beyond the traditional realm of canned and frozen fruits and vegetables into other alternative packaging options that have additional convenience and portability. For example, we are rolling out a line of vegetables in small cups that are ready to eat and microwaveable. Similar to the popular fruit cups that have captured nearly 30% of the shelf stable fruit market, our vegetable cups will be launched under the Libby’s brand, and will be available this fall. We are also evaluating other types of shelf stable packaging that might have positive attributes for the consumer.
In the meantime, we remain positive about our core canned fruit and vegetable business. We sell tens of millions of cases of canned product each year, nearly two billion cans on an equivalent basis. A significant cost component of these products is in the can itself. Seneca sets itself apart from the competition as the only self-manufacturer of cans in the industry. Starting back in 1972 with our first can manufacturing plant in Marion, NY, we have believed that can-making is an important contributor to our success. This year, we plan on adding can manufacturing equipment to our Payette, Idaho plant to make cans for our needs in the Pacific Northwest, including those for our newly acquired fruit canning facility in Sunnyside, Washington.
The can itself has received some negative publicity due to the use of Bisphenol-A (BPA) as a compound used in the epoxy linings of cans. Seneca has been pro-actively moving toward alternatives to BPA in our linings for the past four years. Last year, 93% of the cans produced at our can-manufacturing plants used non-BPA containing materials as opposed to epoxy-based linings made with BPA. We believe that by 2015, we will have completely ended the use of any epoxy-based linings in our cans. While FDA and other worldwide regulatory agencies continue to support the use of epoxy-based compounds in the linings of cans as being non-harmful to humans, our decision to end the use of these compounds should remove any lingering questions on the part of our consumers regarding the safe consumption of our products. We also intend to add language to the labels of our Libby brand products noting the fact that the can was made without BPA in the lining.
For the past 64 years, Seneca has been a trusted provider of fruit and vegetable products to consumers around the world. We take our responsibilities for protecting the worker and the environment, and the quality and safety of our products very seriously. This past year, we developed our first Corporate Responsibility Report which discusses the ways that our Company works with our many constituents to assure that our products are made in a responsible way. This report is available on our corporate website.
In conclusion, fiscal 2013 was full of challenges due to drought conditions in the Midwest and a short peach pack in California. Our nearly 10,000 regular and seasonal employees had their hands full this year, and we thank them for their dedicated service. The successful outcome allows us to continue reinvesting our profits back into the Company through strategic capital initiatives, share repurchases, and acquisitions. Fiscal 2014 will undoubtedly be full of new challenges, but our company is well positioned to continue to grow and succeed in the processed fruit and vegetable industry.
    Chairman
President & Chief Executive Officer
3
