To Our Shareholders
We are pleased to report that Fiscal 2016 was a much improved year from an earnings perspective. Net earnings were $54,458,000 or $5.42 per diluted share on sales of $1,275,360,000 versus prior year net earnings of $9,899,000 or $0.90 per diluted share on sales of $1,286,350,000.
Our earnings performance improved as the year progressed, as a better growing season in 2015 resulted in higher capacity utilization of our facilities. Lower input costs on produce and packaging also benefited the new pack inventory costs. As a result, gross margins improved during the second half of the year as we began selling the 2015 production year inventory.
Earnings were impacted by two one-time events which were related to one another. In early November, General Mills sold the ownership of the Green Giant brand to B&G Foods, Inc. As part of Seneca’s agreement to assign the longstanding supply contract to the new owners, General Mills agreed to pay Seneca an assignment fee which was recorded as pre-tax income. In order to align demand with plant capacities, we closed a plant and moved most of the production to the two Minnesota facilities which produce the vast majority of our Green Giant production. The net result of these two events added $13,973,000 to our pre-tax income in fiscal 2016.
We initially formed the Alliance with Pillsbury (now General Mills) in 1995, buying six plants and signing a 20-year contract to produce Green Giant vegetables. From the start, our company accrued many benefits from the Alliance. We hired about 500 seasoned Green Giant employees, many of whom are still with us today. We learned a great deal over the years from working closely with one of the most highly regarded companies in the world including having a General Mills’ senior manager participate in our quarterly board meetings. They raised the bar for Seneca in terms of both quality and service expectations.
In recent years however, the Alliance had become more challenging as General Mills focused its resources elsewhere. For much of the past decade, our business suffered year-over-year declines in production requirements for Green Giant products. As a result of a steady decline in Alliance requirements, we had to close several production facilities to align capacity with demand.
We have reason to be excited about our new relationship with B&G Foods, Inc., a New York Stock Exchange listed company. Their acquisition of the Green Giant brand is the largest in their history. B&G Foods, Inc. has a long and proven track record of buying brands and revitalizing them through innovation and marketing. They have reported that they plan on rebuilding the Green Giant brand by doubling the advertising spend and focusing on innovation. We plan on supporting them in every way we can and are looking forward to a long and successful relationship with them.
Turning to other parts of our business, the California fruit business had a budget crop which was very helpful in light of product shortages from the prior two years. Also, for the first time in almost four years, we are receiving positive interest from farmers to plant peaches again. Our plant has been operating at less than capacity because of tree pulls by growers who were replacing peaches with tree nuts, like almonds and walnuts, which offered better returns with less labor. The tree nut markets have come down significantly in recent months, and we are more optimistic that in time we can begin to contract larger quantities of new acreage.
This year we completed two acquisitions in our fruit business. The first, Gray & Company, is based in Hart, Michigan and is generally considered the largest maraschino cherry packer in the country. The second, Diana Fruit, based in Santa Clara, California also produces maraschino cherries as well as cherries for fruit cocktail. Seneca, in fact, was one of their largest customers for fruit cocktail cherries. We did not acquire the Santa Clara facility, so its production will be folded into other Seneca locations by the end of the calendar year. These two acquisitions add to our offerings of fruit products to our existing customers, as well as expand our reach into a new base of customers in the candy, ice cream, restaurant and baking businesses. The cover picture of this annual report is a Gray & Company cherry orchard in bloom.
Another area of growth for Seneca is in the organic foods business. Seneca contracts well over 6,000 acres of organic produce in different regions of the country. The growth has come primarily through the sale of canned and frozen store brand products. This year, we are launching our own Green Valley brand of organic beans and seasonal vegetables in both cans and pouches. The packaging and marketing of this brand is targeted toward the younger generations of consumers who tend to buy more organic produce than their older counterparts.
In summary, fiscal 2016 was a very good year for a variety of reasons and resulted in significantly improved earnings per share. When those earnings are added to our net worth, our adjusted book value is $52.56 per share when the LIFO reserve and the Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Account are reversed. The LIFO and AOCL charges do not reflect the underlying performance of the company, but rather are standards for inventory and pension accounting, respectively. This adjusted book value has grown 133.7% in the nine years since we elected to go on LIFO inventory accounting, a compounded growth rate of 9.9%. Meanwhile, our share price has continued to lag this growth rate. We currently trade at a significant discount to our tangible book value. Consequently, we have been in the market opportunistically re- acquiring our shares through a board approved stock buyback plan. Over the past two years, we have reacquired 11.6% of the outstanding shares.
Looking ahead, we will continue to be aggressive in looking for ways to grow the business and enhance shareholder value. We believe that our company is a strong platform for additional acquisitions in the food industry. Throughout our 67 year history, Seneca has had a consistent track record of acquiring companies that are a good fit for the company at a fair price. We have had little or no goodwill or intangibles on our balance sheet over the years, and have grown the company to one of the largest processors of fruits and vegetables in the country.
Finally, we want to thank our 3,000-plus year round employees who are joined by over 6,000 seasonal employees each summer who help our company fulfill its mission of feeding the world safe and nutritious products that are valued and enjoyed by families everywhere. We are fortunate to have such a committed group whose average tenure with our company is over 15 years. Without them, our success would not be possible.
   Chairman
President & Chief Executive Officer
2
