  Message from the
  7
 CHAPTER 2
6
Directed by our regularly updated strategic plan, the Society has embarked on new and exciting initiatives aimed at promoting changes that will strengthen the entire field of neuroscience. One effort is to motivate business leaders from the phar- maceutical and biotech arenas to join our advocacy efforts to work for a strong and steady rate of growth in federal funding for biomedical research. Another involves exploring ways to help neuroscientists access and mine the vast wealth of neuroscience data in online journals and in neuroscience data- bases, thereby accelerating the pace of research.
In addition, a new editor-in-chief has been chosen for The Journal of Neuroscience, who will sustain and enhance its high quality editorial content.
All of these initiatives are aligned with the scientific vision outlined in our strategic plan. This plan identifies the steps necessary to make the next decade one of breakthrough discoveries, which are translated into applications that improve the health of people everywhere.
As you know, many of the recent advances in neuroscience have been made possible only with support from funding agencies around the globe for the biomedical research enterprise. Since the dou- bling of NIH budget ended in 2003, flat funding has slowed the pace of progress. Our strategic plan calls for the Society “to reach out to industry leaders . . . based on a shared agenda in support of the economic importance of research in the United States and global economy.”
Under the leadership of Past President Steve Heinemann, the Society leadership met in October 2006 with biomedical industry leaders to discuss the need for advocacy with former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, founder of the Center for Health Transformation. This very informative meeting
led to a white paper, which can be found at
www.healthtransformation.net, and an op-ed piece in the San Francisco Chronicle, both co-authored by Gingrich. These publications presented new and compelling economic arguments in support
of increased federal spending for biomedical re- search funded by NIH and the National Science Foundation. Along with this effort, the Society
has begun to identify and educate key members of Congress in both parties whose vote could make a difference in gaining increased federal support for biomedical research. In addition, SfN partnered with Research!America’s Your Congress-Your Health initiative, www.yourcongressyourhealth.org, to pro- vide the Web’s first and only database of members of Congress’ positions on research policy issues.
The emerging field of neuroinformatics aims to enhance the ability of neuroscientists to access the staggering amounts of neuroscience data in journals and databases. This includes the development of powerful tools for searching, visualizing, and analyz- ing information about the nervous system and for integrating knowledge from different levels of analy- sis. To enhance synergies between online journals and databases, the leadership conference “PubMed Plus,” proposed by the SfN Neuroinformatics Committee, was held in June 2007 at Washington University in St. Louis. This meeting brought together an international group of 60 neuroscientists; informaticians; journal editors and publishers; and representatives of foundations, societies, government institutes, and the library community.
The PubMed Plus conference generated a number of specific and practical recommendations on how to facilitate data mining, more effectively link databases and journal publications, and develop standardized databases for handling journal supple- mentary materials. Another important recommen- dation is aimed at making the manuscript review
President
  FY2007 ANNUAL REPORT CatalyzingChangeinOurEnvironment
CatalyzingChangeinOurEnvironment FY2007 ANNUAL REPORT

 CHAPTER 2
Message from the President
 system more efficient for authors and reviewers alike. Our hope is that the conference will serve to catalyze a process whereby continued collaboration among different domain experts will enhance the impact of neuroinformatics on mainstream neuro- science. Neuroinformatics and the use of new technology will be highlighted at our 2007 annual meeting in San Diego, where several sessions will focus on data mining, and others will discuss how new technologies will drive the future.
Many new, ground-breaking neuroscience discoveries appear in The Journal of Neuroscience. The Journal will have a new editor-in-chief, John Maunsell of Harvard University, whose five-
year term begins in January 2008. He
is an outstanding neuroscientist with a
wealth of experience on the editorial
side of science journals. On behalf of
the whole neuroscience community, I
am pleased to acknowledge the accom-
plishments and commitment of Gary
Westbrook, the current editor-in-chief,
who has greatly enhanced The Jour-
nal’s quality and readability during his
five-year term by leading The Journal to
weekly schedule and by incorporating many innova- tions and several new feature sections.
Throughout the year, SfN continued to engage in a wide array of advocacy and public education efforts to spread the message about the progress and promise of neuroscience research. Joining hundreds of colleagues throughout the world in March dur- ing Brain Awareness Week, I had the wonderfully rewarding experience of speaking about the cerebral cortex to an audience of local students and teachers who gathered at the National Museum of Health and Medicine on the campus of the Walter Reed
8 Army Medical Center in Washington, DC. In April, I made several visits to Capitol Hill to
discuss the need for increased federal support for biomedical research.
These are examples of how SfN carries out its mission to encourage and ensure the highest levels of scientific excellence, professional development, public education, and science advocacy. SfN members represent the entire range of neuroscience research using a wide array of methods to better understand,
treat, and prevent nervous system disorders. Through our annual meeting and journal, the Society facili- tates the translation of research findings into treat- ment strategies, and encourages information transfer from the clinic back to the research arena. As a rapidly evolving field, neuroscience benefits greatly from and helps to drive the ongoing development
of powerful new tools used to acquire and analyze experimental data.
In carrying out this vision, SfN is committed to serving the needs of our members and the field; promoting greater diversity by increasing the representation of women, minorities, and young investigators in our field and in our governance;
and tracks how they may vary based on the funding and economic climate. Obviously, the NIH funding picture affects the health of the field and, to some extent, the financial health of the Society itself. In 2006, our annual meeting atten- dance and membership numbers were down for the first time in several years, and this had a negative effect on some of our revenue streams. However, revenue from the new SfN headquar- ters building should help stabilize SfN’s
finances because it is not tied to the ups and downs of NIH funding. Overall, the Society’s leadership remains optimistic about the future of the organization and of the field, while remaining keenly aware of challenges posed by current funding constraints.
I hope you will review this report carefully. The accomplishments it highlights warrant an expres-
sion of great appreciation for the hard work carried
out by the volunteer leadership, including Council
and committees, and by our dedicated staff. We face
many challenges as we strive for adaptive changes
that will enhance this thriving field of neuroscience
and allow us to pursue the advances that eventually
will improve the health of everyone. I also encour-
age our members and other stakeholders to respond
with your ideas and actively participate in initia- 9 tives that will help us advance the mission, vision,
and values outlined in our strategic plan.
David Van Essen, PhD
President
  publish on a
seeking innovative ways to better utilize technology to serve members; being socially, economically, and environmentally responsible as an organization; and developing effective strategic relationships with appropriate external partners. The SfN Council considers the strategic plan an organic document. And as we move forward with its implementation, we are continually adjusting and adapting it to
the changing conditions. The membership survey conducted earlier this year had a remarkably high response rate. It yielded an invaluable corpus of information about issues important to our members, along with ideas on how the Society can better serve its membership.
One area where progress is ongoing is in the organization of our committees. As part of the strategic planning process, we developed a new orga- nizational structure, creating some new committees and eliminating or merging others. Committees have been grouped into “clusters” in an effort to improve communication and coordination of activities. A steering group, consisting of committee chairs within each cluster, coordinates the activities of the cluster
as a whole. The Society’s Committee on Committees is seeking feedback from our committee volunteers to assess the efficacy of the restructuring and guide future refinements.
The dynamic and interdisciplinary nature of
our field is underscored in this annual report by articles that highlight the Society’s concern for
the environment, as well as for understanding and improving treatments for brain disorders. One article discusses the relatively new and exciting interactions between the fields of neuroscience and architecture. Collaborative projects are exploring scientific data on how the brain responds to cues from different environments and how to use this knowledge to provide better informed tools for the design process. The Society has even incorporated some of these emerging principles in the design
of its office space at its new headquarters building in Washington, DC. Finally, other articles discuss important advances being made in the area of neuroscience and genetics, and how our field is contributing to better treatments for injured war veterans suffering from traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress disorder.
To ensure the excellence of all of our programs, our staff continually monitors Society revenues
“Throughout the year, SfN continued to engage in a wide array of advocacy and public education efforts to spread the message about the progress and promise of neuroscience research.”
   FY2007 ANNUAL REPORT CatalyzingChangeinOurEnvironment
CatalyzingChangeinOurEnvironment FY2007 ANNUAL REPORT
