 A
message
 from thep r e s i d
  In May 2010, SfN President Michael Goldberg testified before Congress in support of funding for NIH.
 6
Looking Beyond the Horizon
In FY2010, with an external environment that remained challenging and unpredictable, the Society for Neuroscience steered through the uncertainty to protect and advance its mission, celebrate and support scientific progress, and help build a growing community of neuroscientists. While producing successful programs and services for a record number of members, SfN also began an intentional effort to “look beyond the horizon” — anticipating emerging oppor- tunities; exploring, revising, or reconfirming its strategic priorities; and implementing early phases
of new directions — in order
to strengthen SfN’s service to a dynamic and changing field.
If ever a number spoke to the progress and potential of a scien- tific field, SfN’s 2009 membership offered it. The 40th anniversary year of SfN welcomed an historic 40,000 members, and the Society used the occasion to offer glimpses back on the field since 1969, and to look ahead at a bright future. Today, SfN’s membership reflects the size and reach of the global neurosci- ence enterprise: tens of thousands of regular members serve in academia, publishing, government, clinical research and practice, as well as in biotech and pharmaceutical leader- ship positions all across the globe.
Student membership is growing rapidly as young scientists, eager to make their mark, explore an open field. And international members are growing; today an estimated 37 percent of our members are from outside the United States, hailing from more than 80 countries.
The SfN Council knows these numbers reflect both the opportunity and excitement inherent in the field, and the value scientists and students find in membership and in sharing neuroscience discoveries. It also reflects SfN’s careful stewardship of resources. In FY2010, SfN remained financially stable and retained and expanded programs and activities that our members value.
For instance, Neuroscience 2009 was a great success as the
neuroscience community
embraced Chicago as a new city
in SfN’s rotation. As always, the program offered an unmatched
line up: spectacular science mixed with important discussions of science policy and funding, and engaging public interest events like “Magic, the Brain, and the Mind.” The Journal of Neuroscience also remained among the leading peer reviewed journals in the field,
and continued to adapt to its changing needs.
In support of our members’ professional development and networking, SfN has undertaken significant changes and expansions. We joined forces to enhance connections to teaching programs through a consolidation with the
   
 ent
 former Association of Neuroscience Departments and Programs. A new broader Professional Development Committee is sustaining successful programming to meet the needs of a diverse community while it also explores new offerings for a wide range of professional development needs. And for the growing number of local neuroscience communities that choose to form chapters, not only in North America but also around the world, SfN has met demand by increasing funding for chapter grants and expanding com- munications and training programs.
When it came to engaging the public, SfN was active in promot- ing the investment made through the extraordinary American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act (ARRA). New publications highlighted the basic investments made through ARRA and ongoing government R&D funding, and
its potential scientific, health,
and economic benefits. Whether that research was investigating potential environmental triggers for Parkinson’s disease or the neural circuitry of autism, SfN worked to tell the public and policymakers why these government investments pay off for the public in the long-run, as well as creating and preserving jobs all across America in the short run.
I have had a particular focus during my tenure in promoting
the importance of animal research and protecting the researchers who conduct this lifesaving research. More than a year ago, I heard more and more researchers talk about receiving requests for information under the U.S. federal Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). While SfN appreciates the value and importance of sunshine laws, we also recognize these requests are often used by those who do not respect research and the law to secure and misrepresent informa- tion about researchers. Moreover, members may not know their rights and responsibilities under this law. I am pleased that SfN was catalytic in producing a new publi- cation to help educate researchers about FOIA, in partnership with the National Association for Biomedical Research and the Federation of Societies for Experi- mental Biology. I feel passionately that scientists, as a community, must be educated and engaged
in promoting understanding of animal research among the public and protecting our colleagues and their families, as well as advancing the research enterprise.
While applauding progress, we also must look beyond the horizon at emerging opportunities, needs,
and expectations. Today, many SfN committees and working groups, along with our dedicated and talented staff, are asking critical strategic questions: how can we build on our platforms to serve our diverse global community even better in coming years? What
new strategies and tools can connect and engage scientific and public conversation to advance knowledge, learning, and engage- ment about the brain? How can
we best prioritize these activities to preserve and enhance our organi- zation’s strong financial foundation while supporting the field? It has been my honor to contribute my knowledge and my passion to these conversations and the enduring mission of our collective organiza- tion. I look with wonder at what our field has already achieved, and with excitement about what has yet to be discovered.
When it comes to science, it is true that the best is yet to come, and it will be produced through individual and collective efforts all across the scientific community.
Michael E. Goldberg
 Looking Beyond the Horizon
 7
  