 Neuroscience continues to be dynamic, with promising new initiatives and investments around the globe dedicated to exploring the brain and advancing the field. These successes are a testament to the hard work and commitment of neuroscien- tists who pursue great science every day. Their work is highlighted by the recent Nobel Prizes awarded to SfN Council member Edvard I. Moser, May- Britt Moser, John O’Keefe, and Stefan Hell, a special lecturer at Neuroscience 2014. While these accomplishments demonstrate tremendous progress
and potential, the scientific community continues to experience challenging times. Science funding, in particular, is under enormous strain in many coun- tries, making it harder for scientists to focus on their discoveries and imperiling the next generation of scientists. Despite this, we must remember to draw on the field’s many strengths
and to leverage them as we navigate both the opportunities and risks in our current environment.
The Society for Neuroscience (SfN) is one of those strengths on which the field can rely during changing times. SfN is serving the community through its unmatched venues for sharing neurosci- ence discoveries, its strategic invest- ments in new professional development resources, and its intensified efforts
on science advocacy and public outreach. In FY2014, the Society has been particularly focused on enhancing resources that increase the value of
membership, enabling members to grow individually as scientists and to take part in the continued evolution of the field.
Sharing Great Science
SfN remains as committed as ever
to providing a premier event for neuroscientists around the globe to meet, share, and discuss science
and discovery. Neuroscience 2013 in San Diego featured more than 30,000 neuroscientists and advocates from 74 countries exchanging information about innovative advances in techniques and new findings about the brain.
In addition to its annual meeting,
the Society promotes the widespread communication of great science
through its respected publications. The exceptional reputation of The Journal
of Neuroscience as a leading venue
for science publishing has encouraged SfN to create eNeuro, a new open- access journal that features innovative publishing tools and peer review models. eNeuro complements The Journal of Neuroscience by providing an additional home for high-quality scientific submis- sions. The new online journal offers authors and readers a unique publishing experience that includes a broader range of content and a more interactive, user- friendly environment, all while maintaining the excellence and rigor for which SfN publications are universally recognized.
Reaching a Global Audience
SfN is expanding its reach to scientists around the world with enhanced online
MeSSage FroM The
President
programming that makes professional development programs, skills training, and career-focused content more dynamic and accessible through a new unified platform. Resources will include information on emerging career paths and multimedia training resources geared to every career stage. A new highly personalized and interactive environment will allow members to more easily communicate and share informa- tion and resources with colleagues.
In an era of global interest in brain research, communicating with the public and effective advocacy could not be more important. Nowhere is that more apparent than in the continued growth of BrainFacts.org — in both
the size and global distribution of the audience. With this tool, SfN and its partners are reaching millions of viewers worldwide, engaging public audiences and policymakers in a way that simply wasn’t available just a few years ago.
In my year as president, I have been particularly focused on increasing SfN’s ability to train and support individual scientists in public outreach, something that I know will continue in future years. In fact, this year, for the first time, SfN will mount programs online and at the annual meeting for training in advocacy and communication skills. We are also
 2 FY2014 AnnuAl RepoRt
  
collaborating with the International Brain Research Organization (IBRO) and the Federation of European Neuroscience Societies (FENS) in global advocacy efforts and with key partners including Research!America on advocating
within the U.S.
Underlying all of SfN’s strengths is
its strongest asset: our volunteer leaders. They are committed and tireless in support of the Society’s mission. In ways large and small, more than a thousand scientists volunteer their time to provide counsel and guide SfN’s programs and services that enrich and strengthen the field.
A Way Forward
SfN possesses the resources to help
our members navigate a changing landscape. I believe scientists are actually quite accustomed to adapting — indeed, this is a great strength of our scientific method. We learn to adjust our theories and hypotheses based on the data before us. We are now acclimating to
a world where change is the constant, stability is the variable, and uncertainty
is common. At the same time, neurosci- ence is in its most fruitful period ever. In this challenging environment full of great possibility, SfN is leveraging its resources and strategically thinking about how best to support its members in moving the field forward.
I am confident that together we can continue to mobilize the strength of the field to create opportunities for all our members to advance science and improve health. I have been honored to serve
as SfN president and hope to continue contributing to these efforts in the future.
Carol Ann Mason
pReSident
   Sfn Mission
Advance the understanding of the brain and the nervous system by bringing together scientists of diverse backgrounds, by facilitating the integration of research directed at all levels of biological organization, and by encouraging translational research and the application of new scientific knowledge to develop improved disease treatments and cures.
Provide professional development activities, information, and educational resources for neuroscientists at all stages of their careers, including undergraduates, graduates, and postdoctoral fellows, and increase participation of scientists from a diversity of cultural and ethnic backgrounds.
Promote public information and general education about the nature of scientific discovery and the results and implications of the latest neuroscience research. Support active and continuing discussions on ethical issues relating to the conduct and outcomes of neuroscience research.
Inform legislators and other policymakers about new scientific knowledge and recent developments in neuroscience research and their implications for public policy, societal benefit, and continued scientific progress.
    