    a
MessPage
resident
from the
In an era rich with discovery and even greater promise, the Society for Neuroscience is plotting a course to advance science and science education, as well as health and well-being. In FY2008, the Society did so by deliver- ing value for its members, while recognizing changes in its world. While maintaining signature programs that advance and disseminate scientific knowledge, the Society leadership is finding opportunities to support and leverage new trends, such as globalization, new technologies, and
a younger scientific community.
Facilitating Emerging Science
Reflecting the diversity and potential of the field, SfN’s annual meeting, Neuroscience 2007, featured leaders from the worlds of science, business, and politics, as well as more than 16,000 abstracts on new scientific discoveries, and it offered a particu- lar emphasis on technological advances in brain research. Drawing more than 32,000 scientists, clinicians, and advocates, it was the second largest meeting in the Society’s history. While the annual meeting is a singular venue for science, The Journal of Neuroscience reported discovery and innovation throughout the year. Yet it was also a time for The Journal to prepare for changes in its own leadership and the future of scientific publishing. Under new editorial leadership, The Journal launched a new manuscript submission system and a new cascading review process in partnership with more than two dozen other neuroscience journals. It is also launch- ing an experiment providing members with the option of open access publishing.
Supporting Neuroscience
and Scientists
Professional development programs remain a corner- stone of SfN activity to cultivate the next wave of leading researchers. The Society worked — through the Committee on Women in Neuroscience and the Committee on Diversity in Neuroscience, as well as mentoring and jobs services — to increase opportu- nities for all. New awards also recognized scientists at many stages, including young leaders through the Next Generation Award and established neurosci- entists through the Julius Axelrod Prize.
International efforts are expanding as well. Given growing numbers of both international and younger
SfN President Eve Marder
Dye fill of a single neuron from the stomatogastric ganglion of the lobster.
members, SfN has more than doubled the number of international travel awards to defray annual meeting expenses. Additionally, one SfN chapter partnered with the International Brain Research Organization and the University of Zambia to support and culti- vate neuroscience’s global reach, while the Ricardo Miledi Neuroscience Training Program supported
an innovative program for young scientists in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The SfN Council and committees are also lead- ing a major planning initiative based on an analysis of the 2007 membership survey. With feedback from more than 9,000 members, there is much to applaud: 93 percent of members were satisfied with their membership. Nonetheless, there were also identified growth areas: a desire for more profes- sional programming, as well as more engagement
in the community, with advocacy, and with other neuroscientists. The survey also confirmed changing demographics: 45 percent of respondents were 35 or younger — and 36 percent of SfN members live and work outside the United States.
Interest is growing in more sophisticated com- munications tools to help SfN reach its technologi- cally savvy and geographically diverse membership. For instance, staff is exploring communications resources that could connect members, regardless of location, to facilitate learning and professional de- velopment, as well as new technologies like wikis to enhance public education efforts and provide more
With feedback from more
than 9,000 members, there
is much to applaud: 93 percent of members were satisfied
with their membership. Nonetheless, there were also identified growth areas.
 FY2008 Annual Report | Plotting the Course 7

 Message from the President
The chemical octopamine affects the firing rate of stomato- gastric neurons in crab. At top, control, and below, after oc- topamine application. Studying this neural communication in simple nervous systems advances basic knowledge and helps scientists approach more complex nervous systems.
member engagement opportunities. Chapters are also a growing component of future strategies to en- gage members and the broader community. Fifteen new or reactivated chapters — including six from outside the U.S. — emerged in 2008, bringing the total to 129 established and five pending.
Educating and Advocating
SfN educational outreach engages this generation of scientists to spark excitement in the minds of future scientists. As partners in the Brain Awareness Cam- paign, SfN members worked from Livingston, New Jersey, to Eskisehir, Turkey to educate thousands of people, young and old, about the “universe between their ears,” and there was considerable growth in member involvement in local schools through the Neuroscientist-Teacher Partner Program. FY2008 also focused on creating more and better neurosci- ence resources to support K-12 educators, rang-
ing from online material to participation in major teacher conferences. Neuroscience Core Concepts, a major SfN initiative, has created the first set of essential principles about the brain and nervous system that the public should know.
SfN is also working to build capacity as an advo- cate for sustained research funding, which is crucial to medical and scientific advances. On behalf of the Society, I submitted testimony to the U.S. Congress urging funding increases for the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation. Yet one voice alone cannot create change: in April, doz- ens of SfN members fanned out across the U.S. Cap- itol during Capitol Hill Day to convey the national, and local, importance of investments in science, and the newly launched SfN Advocacy Network will also expand our effectiveness. We are also exploring
ways to partner with others around the globe — this year, 15 of SfN’s Brain Research Success Stories were translated into Spanish for the first time and were used in advocacy by Mexican colleagues.
Finally, given a disturbing trajectory of increas- ing violence against researchers, the Society took a major step forward to help protect research with the release of Best Practices for Protecting Researchers and Research. Best Practices assists research institutions, which bear primary responsibility for protecting their employees, to develop proactive plans that increase public support and personal safety when
a researcher faces violence or threat from animal rights activists or any other source.
Guided by Values
Our efforts reflect SfN’s understanding that the needs of members will continually evolve; that we must consistently work to ensure a diversity of dis- cipline, gender, race, ethnicity, and age throughout our ranks; and that iterative planning is essential to successful leadership and Society growth. Two ad- ditional values underscore the interwoven nature of today’s research and tomorrow’s potential: the use of technology and our collective responsibility to the environment.
As you will see in the coming pages, the Society has played a convening and guiding role as the field of neuroscience moves to deploy new computing and technology applications that can collect and analyze the staggering amount of scientific data now available. Yet new technology is also learning from neuroscience — the next generation of computer memory may be informed by a growing understand- ing of brain function. In the face of near scientific unanimity on global warming, increasing environ- mental sustainability is no longer a choice and must be a global priority for individuals, corporations, and organizations. The Society will remain a leader among scientific and nonprofit societies in leading change and this year’s report highlights a growing body of research about the impact of the environ- ment on brains and behavior.
A Core Strength:
Neuroscience Pioneers
The SfN Council views an ever-changing mem- bership composition and enduring values as core strengths on which SfN’s future will be built. Another pillar is the contributions of neuroscience pioneers and past leaders. As the Society prepares
to celebrate its 40th anniversary in 2009, Council is finding new ways to continue to honor the forma- tion of the field. SfN will post on its Web site reflec- tions by past presidents on their years as leaders and the challenges the Society faced during their tenure. Many challenges will likely sound familiar, some humorous, and perhaps, some portentous, as the Society worked to anticipate, and shape, the future we inhabit today.
Since its founding in 1969, SfN has grown be- yond all expectations to more than 38,000 members last year. Throughout the Society’s history, funda- mental tenets have remained the same: we should be useful to members wherever they live and work, and we earn trust one member at a time. It has been an honor to serve as president this year, and to make my personal contributions to keeping great science at the heart of this wonderful Society as we plot a course to future discovery that advances science
and education, and helps to improve the health and welfare of people everywhere.
Sincerely,
Eve Marder, President
  Our efforts reflect SfN’s under- standing that the needs of members will continually evolve; that we must consistently work to ensure a diversity of discipline, gender, race, ethnicity, and age throughout our ranks; and that iterative planning is essential to successful leadership and Society growth.
  8 Plotting the Course | FY2008 Annual Report
FY2008 Annual Report | Plotting the Course 9
