the President
Throughout this past year, our leadership focused on new ways to strengthen neuroscience in accord with our mission while adjusting to a constantly changing landscape for science and the Society for Neuroscience.
As our annual meeting continued to grow, the Society began to identify new opportunities to ensure that we serve our members effectively. In an era of open access that impacts the traditional subscription revenue model and may provide new avenues for publishing, we
are considering several possibilities to maintain the excellence and viability of The Journal
of Neuroscience. At a time of very difficult funding, especially for new investigators, we are developing new ways to strengthen professional
development opportunities and new arguments for increasing biomedical research budgets. We are testing better methods to educate the public, Congress and policymakers about the benefits and promise of neuroscience research. These efforts will have a direct impact on our ability
to do neuroscience and to make the advances in medical knowledge so important for patients.
Several major developments occurred during the past 12 months that will contribute to meeting the challenges ahead. They include a
new approach to our advocacy efforts which we hope will help improve prospects for robust federal funding
of biomedical research and help ensure the future of the field. New emphasis was placed
on the importance of science education aimed at high school teachers. The dedication of our new SfN headquarters
building near Capitol Hill in Washington, DC will facilitate these initiatives as well as the continued updating of our strategic plan.
This annual report includes articles on topics that explain some important intersections of science and society: developments in under- standing how the brain ages, and the neuro- science of meditation. Also included is a history of neuroscience article recognizing the achieve- ments of Santiago Ramón y Cajal and Camillo Golgi, who shared the 1906 Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine. One of Cajal’s drawings of neurons is the subject of a huge mural on
the stairway wall at the center of our new headquarters building in Washington, DC.
The building and mural are symbols of the Society’s mission, strengths and progress. Dedicated in May, the new headquarters pro- vides an optimum venue for Society meetings and for the staff to work. It also represents an additional diversification in SfN’s investment strategy, and will provide a revenue stream to carry out member initiatives during times of financial uncertainty. The materials used in the design and construction of SfN’s space are in
  fy2006 Annual Report 
 the strategic plan continues to emphasize
our core mission areas of scientific excellence, professional development, science advocacy, and public education.
 
 keeping with our members’ values to protect the environment.
These developments point to the centrality
of science in all of SfN’s programs, a theme echoed anew during the past year as Society leaders crafted an updated strategic plan. It continues to emphasize our core mission areas of scientific excellence, professional development, science advocacy and public education. It also details 11 interconnected strategic issues that SfN will address in “an ongoing, dynamic planning effort to insure the future of the Society, its constituents in neuroscience, and
the beneficiaries of their endeavors.” The issues include enhancing the member experience;
and strategies for dealing with SfN’s growing international members, professional development, diversity, the annual meeting, open access publishing, National Institutes of Health
(NIH) funding, science policy, public education, financial reserves, and committee realignment. Attention to these issues in the coming years will strengthen neuroscience, and result in improved treatments for patients.
While SfN charts these important issues, nowhere were the seeds for improved health more evident than at Neuroscience 2005 in Washington, DC, which attracted nearly 35,000 attendees, the largest ever to attend a Society an- nual meeting, and 16,720 abstracts, also a record number. Under the leadership of President Carol Barnes, a highlight of the meeting was the first “Dialogues between Neuroscience and Society” lecture delivered by the Dalai Lama of Tibet, which was heard by 14,000 attendees and guests.
 8   Navigating A Changing Landscape
our new strategic plan says, “at a time when neuroscience research is yielding dynamic achievements, the public has insufficient awareness of this information.” the plan urges “a shift in the professional culture of sfn members to embrace and actively participate in public communication, outreach, and education...”
  
Also new in 2005 were “Meet the Expert” work- shops during which scientists offered participants a behind-the-scenes look at techniques in which they have special expertise.
Maintaining the excellence and viability of The Journal of Neuroscience is the other key element of the Society’s scientific mission. In keeping with current trends in scientific publish- ing, in January, 2006, the Society changed The Journal’s policy to allow unrestricted access to articles six months after publication. A group of experienced SfN members was appointed by Council to explore several initiatives to raise awareness about the implications of open ac- cess and other publishing challenges.
In March, Rep. Patrick Kennedy (D-RI), a longtime advocate for the Society and mental health research, made a statement on the floor of the House of Representatives acknowledging the importance of neuroscience research, and
recognizing Brain Awareness Week and SfN’s publication Brain Research Success Stories. Throughout the year, SfN leaders and staff made trips to Capitol Hill to make the case for stronger NIH funding. The difficult funding climate also highlighted the need for neuroscientists to devel- op long-term grass roots efforts to personally lobby their respective congresspersons in their home of- fice in a non-partisan way to educate them about biomedical research, peer review (which is under attack) and the importance of neuroscience to the health of Americans and the economy.
The strategic plan’s NIH funding strategy calls for the Society to “reach out to industry leaders who exert considerable influence in Washington, DC, based on a shared agenda in support of the economic importance of research in the US and global economy.” Following this directive, the Society’s Council in May voted to explore enlisting the support of top executives of pharmaceutical, biotechnology and scientific instrument firms on behalf of robust budgets
for NIH and the National Science Foundation (NSF). One goal is to encourage a group of busi- ness leaders to advocate to the Administration, Congress, and public during the next budget cycle using new and effective arguments for strong funding of these agencies. Another is to develop a white paper outlining the benefits of biomedical research.
During the past few years, it became increas- ingly clear to many of us that, as our new strategic plan says, “at a time when neuroscience research is yielding dynamic achievements, the public has insufficient awareness of this information.” The
plan emphasizes the need for “a shift in the pro- fessional culture of SfN members to embrace and actively participate in public communication, outreach, and education about neuroscience.”
To enhance the quality of information in schools and elsewhere, the Society embarked on several initiatives that will educate the public about neuroscience. One includes improving and expanding Brain Awareness Week activi- ties; another encourages participation in our Neuroscientist Teacher Partner Program, which provides an opportunity for members to work with K-12 teachers. Our Public Education & Communication Committee contributed to the American Society for Cell Biology’s special summer journal issue on neuroscience education.
I invite you to examine this report and the hard work carried out by the SfN Council, committees, and staff. We hope that you will actively participate with your ideas and energy to further the mission of SfN and make neuro- science a successful endeavor in our society. All of us are excited about the promise of neurosci- ence, and we are determined to successfully meet the challenges faced by the field as we work towards achieving advances in human health that are clearly within reach.
Sincerely,
Stephen F. Heinemann, PhD
President
  fy2006 Annual Report 
    