 Message From the
President
 There has never been a more exciting time to be an explorer of the brain, and SfN programs played a catalytic role in supporting advances in the field in FY2013. Neu- roscience is advancing into uncharted territories, including proteomics and epigenomics, and every passing day deepens our understanding of com- plex brain circuits for cognition, action, and emotion. As many of the best
and brightest scholars are choosing
to dedicate their lives to answering fundamental questions about brain function, it is a field that is growing at the speed of thought. SfN program innovations this year made it easier to bring scientists together for learning and debate, brought new training and communications resources to support scientists at every career stage,
and saw the rapid growth of public engagement about the wonders of the brain and mind.
Advancing the Field Through Opportunity and Challenge
Neuroscience is on the cusp of revolutionary advances, and it is heartening that in the last year many governments have begun urging greater neuroscience investment to help address looming trends in health care and society. In the United States, Europe, Canada, China, and elsewhere, major new potential investments would advance fundamental understanding
of the brain and accelerate discoveries to improve the health and quality of
life for the more than 1 billion people worldwide suffering from 1,000 brain diseases and disorders.
Along with this exciting news comes the stark reality that political and economic circumstances are making it harder to secure funding for research. Sequestration in the United States and continued economic distress in Europe and Japan are constraining scientific enterprise across the globe. As U.S. President Obama noted while announc- ing the BRAIN Initiative, funding cuts are “threatening to set us back before we even get started.”
In FY2013, SfN prioritized advocacy and education in the United States and on a global scale, remind- ing policymakers and the public that scientific research is not a luxury or an expense, but rather an investment that is fundamental to scientific knowledge and to freeing humanity from costly and debilitating illnesses. In the United States, SfN mobilized thousands of letters to Capitol Hill from scientists and brought young and established scientists to Washington, DC, for advocacy days. Globally, SfN worked to strengthen partnerships with the Federation of European Neuroscience Societies and the International Brain Research Organization to activate greater advocacy by national societies and scientists across the globe. The new BrainFacts.org site exceeded its goals, reaching more than 1 million page views in just its first year, with more than 50 percent of visitors from outside the United States.
Meeting the Needs of Neuroscientists
In both good and difficult times, we
can rely on the strong neuroscience community and networks to add value to our science and professional lives. I often mention that I have been to all 42 SfN annual meetings, and I firmly believe that the SfN annual meeting remains
the single best venue to learn, find inspiration, grow professionally, and build powerful connections with other neuro- science researchers and stakeholders. The 2012 meeting featured workshops, symposia, and lectures that brought neuroscience to life for nearly 30,000 attendees from 80 different countries. New technologies for displaying posters and navigating the meeting made the event even more rewarding. The meeting also offered professional development workshops, meet-the-experts sessions, a mentor program, and a sold-out graduate school fair to help young neuroscientists learn about options.
For neuroscientists at any career stage, SfN added new resources in
its online NeuroJobs Career Center, including informational videos and career profiles, along with tools to
help get papers published and find mentors. SfN launched its first live online programming, addressing the critical issue of gender and diversity bias in hiring, promotion, and tenure, with more to come. All of these resources are available on a new website, SfN.org, which was launched in February 2013 and is on a path to become a major hub of neuroscience information for the field.
2 FY2013 Annual Report

The Journal of Neuroscience
remains an invaluable resource for
both furthering careers and advancing the study of the brain. In FY2013, the most-cited peer-reviewed publication in the field launched a new mobile strategy, including a mobile app and mobile website. The Journal publishes 50 weeks a year, producing nearly 18,000 editorial pages of emerging science.
Commitment to the Future
Neuroscience increasingly has the attention of the world, with some comparisons suggesting that brain research will be this century’s moon landing or genome project—only much more challenging. But we cannot be complacent about the future or this success. Without effective support for the field’s scientific dialogue and its professional and field development, as well as strong public and policymaker support, the desired progress will be constrained.
SfN is playing a critical role in creating value for our members, the field, and the public across all of these areas. In these uncertain times, I hope you share my appreciation for the value of SfN, and I encourage you to explore how SfN programs are advancing our dynamic and growing field. It has been my great honor to serve as president throughout this time, and I look forward to continuing to serve the field, helping to enable humankind to take another giant leap forward through brain research.
Larry W. Swanson
PRESIDENT
  SfN Mission
Advance the understanding of the brain and the nervous system by bringing together scientists of diverse backgrounds, by facilitating the integration of research directed at all levels of biological organization, and by encouraging translational research and the application of new scientific knowledge to develop improved disease treatments and cures.
Provide professional development activities, information, and educational resources for neuroscientists at all stages of their careers, including undergraduates, graduates, and postdoctoral fellows, and increase participation of scientists from diverse cultural, ethnic, and geographic backgrounds.
Promote public information and general education about the nature of scientific discovery and the results and implications of the latest neuroscience research. Support active and continuing discussions on ethical issues relating to the conduct and outcomes of neuroscience research.
Inform legislators and other policymakers about new scientific knowledge, recent developments, and emerging opportunities in neuroscience research and their implications for public policy, societal benefit, and continued scientific progress.
Creating Value in Challenging Times 3
