                        2
Letter to Shareholders
In many ways, 2015 was a successful year for Sherwin-Williams, and a historic one.
It was our fifth consecutive year of record sales and our fourth consecutive year of record earnings. Cash generated from operations surpassed $1.4 billion – also a record – and we returned nearly $1.3 billion in cash to shareholders through dividend payments and share repurchases. On the eve of our 150th year in business, our Board of Directors elected John Morikis to serve as the Company’s ninth Chief Executive Officer, beginning January 1, 2016.
 Consolidated net sales of $11.34 billion, an increase of
1.9 percent over 2014, set a new record for the Company, but fell well short of our original expectation for high-single-digit percentage growth. One reason for this was stronger foreign currency exchange headwinds than originally anticipated, which reduced full-year sales in U.S. dollars by 3.3 percent. Weaker-than-expected demand in certain industrial coatings categories – particularly those used to maintain oil and gas production and storage assets and mining equipment – and heavy rainfall across much of the country in the second quarter also negatively affected sales volumes.
Slower-than-expected revenue growth for the year did not translate to lower-than-expected profit or cash flow. Our full-year profit before tax, net income, earnings per share
and net operating cash all met or exceeded the expectations we set back in January 2015. Profit before taxes grew
23.1 percent to $1.55 billion, net income increased 21.7 percent to $1.05 billion and diluted net income per common share increased 27.1 percent to $11.16 per share, all high-water marks for the Company.
This strong profit performance was partially the result of the progress we made in 2014 to fully integrate the paint stores acquired from Comex and consolidate nonessential Comex manufacturing assets. The result of these efforts, coupled with volume-driven supply chain productivity
in North America, good control over selling, general and administrative expenses and lower year-over-year raw material costs, drove our return on sales to new highs in 2015. We expect the incremental benefit to margins of some of these items – most notably the Comex integration – to diminish as we go through 2016.
Net operating cash generated during the year increased 34 percent to $1.45 billion, thanks in part to strong working capital management by all of our operating segments. Our year-end working capital ratio – accounts receivable plus inventory minus accounts payable, divided by sales – dropped to 8.6 percent of sales from 10.1 percent last year. This improvement was partially due to the transitory impact of accounts payable timing and partially to the progress our Paint Stores Group and Global Supply Chain teams made
in integrating the Comex acquisition.
Profit before taxes grew 23.1 percent to $1.55 billion, net income increased 21.7 percent to $1.05 billion and diluted net income per common share increased 27.1 percent to $11.16 per share, all high-water marks for the Company.
The Company acquired 3.575 million shares of its common stock during the year at an average cost of $278.57 per share and a total investment of just over $1 billion. At year-end, we had remaining Board authorization to purchase an additional 11.65 million shares. We paid quarterly dividends totaling
$2.68 per share, an increase of 22 percent over 2014, extending our string of dividend increases to 36 consecutive years.
At year-end, our total debt was $1.96 billion and cash on hand was $205.7 million, compared with a cash balance of $40.7 million at the end of 2014.

                            Throughout 2015, we stayed focused on the strategies that we believe will drive our long-term growth in revenues, market share and profitability. They include:
• Expanding our industry-leading specialty paint stores platform in the U.S., Canada and the Caribbean with the goal of increasing store density in all markets to improve customer service and product availability.
• Increasing the penetration of our well-known branded product lines into independent retail outlets throughout the U.S. and Canada to grow our share of the do-it-yourself paint and coatings market.
• Broadening and strengthening the retail availability of our products throughout Latin America by adding dedicated dealer locations in markets where independent dealers are prevalent and opening new company-operated stores in markets where they are not.
• Growing and differentiating our global product offering in three industrial coatings categories – OEM product finishes, automotive finishes and protective & marine coatings – with the goal of increasing market share and improving operating scale.
We will continue to make progress in these areas in the years ahead through the efforts of our teams in our four reportable segments.
PAINT STORES GROUP
Our Paint Stores Group is the largest operator of specialty paint stores in North America, servicing the needs of architectural and industrial painting contractors and do-it- yourself homeowners. Net sales for the Group totaled
$7.21 billion for the year, an increase of 5.2 percent over 2014. Comparable-store sales – sales by stores open more than 12 months – increased 4.2 percent during the year. The segment’s profit increased 19.3 percent to $1.43 billion. As a percentage of sales, Paint Stores Group profit increased to a record 19.9 percent, up from the previous record of
17.5 percent set in 2014.
By our estimate, Paint Stores Group grew architectural
paint sales volumes at a rate of more than two times the rate of U.S. market growth. These gains were partially offset by lower volumes in protective & marine coatings. Sales to residential repaint contractors grew at a double-digit pace every quarter in 2015, while sales volumes to the new construction and do-it- yourself markets also increased compared with last year.
Our pace of new store openings in 2015 increased our share of total outlets in the dedicated paint store channel. During the year, we opened 83 net new locations, bringing our total store count in the U.S., Canada and the Caribbean at year-end to 4,086 stores. We remain confident that our next
Christopher M. Connor (right), Executive Chairman, and John G. Morikis (left), President and Chief Executive Officer, on stage at the 2016 Global Sales Meeting
3

                        4
milestone of 5,000 locations in North America is realistic, and we intend to get closer to that goal by opening an additional 90 to 100 stores during 2016. To support this pace of new store growth, we recruited more than 1,200 college graduates into our Management Training Program in 2015.
As of the end of the year, we had 291 company-operated Sherwin-Williams stores in Latin America, which is a net increase of 15 locations. At the same time, we expanded our dedicated dealer program, adding 13 new stores in Brazil, 14 in Argentina, one in Uruguay, and 58 in Mexico for a total of 575 dedicated
 In October, our Board of Directors elected John G. Morikis to be the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, effective January 1, 2016, marking the successful culmination of a multi-year organizational succession plan to identify the absolute best candidate to assume leadership of the Company.
dealer locations. The total number of dedicated Sherwin-Williams outlets in Latin America increased to 866 from 765 at the end of 2014.
We debuted two new product lines in 2015 that will be sold in all Latin American countries. Ultra Protección
is a new light industrial paint line that
To further enhance our relationships with professional painters, we introduced Sherwin-Williams Pro, an integrated Customer Relationship Management platform that provides painters with access to tools and information to increase their productivity and profitability. Contractors can conveniently manage their accounts via a secured access portal and opt to receive business-enhancing information such as case studies, product specifications, technical literature and promotional information via email, text or print.
For the third consecutive year, the J.D. Power 2015 Paint Satisfaction StudySM ranked Sherwin-Williams “Highest in Customer Satisfaction Among Paint Retailers.” This is strong affirmation of our progress in building the most customer- centric retail model in our industry.
LATIN AMERICA COATINGS GROUP
Our Latin America Coatings Group sells a variety of architectural paint, coatings and related products throughout Latin America. Sherwin-Williams® and other controlled-brand products are distributed through company-operated specialty paint stores and by a direct sales staff and outside sales representatives to retailers, dealers, licensees and other third- party distributors.
In 2015, unfavorable currency exchange rates in many Latin American countries once again posed a significant challenge to our results in the region. Net sales decreased 18.2 percent to $631.0 million, despite our efforts to offset currency devaluation through selling price increases. Sales in local currency increased 1.1 percent during the year. Latin America Coatings Group segment profit in U.S. dollars decreased to $18.5 million from $40.5 million in 2014. Unfavorable currency translation decreased profit by
$16.0 million in 2015. Segment profit as a percentage of net sales was 2.9 percent in 2015 compared with 5.2 percent
in 2014.
delivers the quality, performance and application characteristics consistent with our popular Pro IndustrialTM product line in the U.S. and Canada. Pro Constructor is a new interior flat latex paint that delivers a quality finish with excellent touch-up that withstands the test of time. These two new product lines will better enable us to serve global customers across the Latin America region who demand consistency in product quality, application and performance.
CONSUMER GROUP
The Consumer Group fulfills a dual mission for the Company: supplying branded and private-label products to retailers primarily in North America, and supporting our other businesses around the world with new product research and development, manufacturing, distribution and logistics.
In 2015, Consumer Group sales increased 11.1 percent to $1.58 billion, aided in large part by sales of the HGTV HOME® by Sherwin-Williams product line through Lowe’s stores. Segment profit increased 22.1 percent to $308.8 million, as higher sales and manufacturing volumes drove operating efficiencies across the entire segment. Segment profit margin improved to 19.6 percent of sales from 17.8 percent in 2014.
We launched our HGTV HOME by Sherwin-Williams brand paint program in Lowe’s stores nationwide in May 2015. The program features new and improved interior and exterior
paint lines available at both Sherwin-Williams company stores and Lowe’s stores nationwide, plus exclusive line extensions available only at Lowe’s. We view this program as a significant growth opportunity in the years ahead, and we will capitalize on this opportunity by working closely with Lowe’s associates in the stores to drive more volume through their paint department.
The Consumer Group leads our worldwide architectural coatings research and development effort, and manages
a highly efficient global supply chain consisting of
66 manufacturing plants and 37 distribution centers. During

                         2015, the Group facilitated the launch of more than 40 new architectural paint products by Paint Stores Group, Latin America Coatings Group and Consumer Group, including Pro Constructor and Ultra Protección, our first Latin America regional product lines, and Paint ShieldTM, the first EPA-registered microbicidal paint.
To date, 29 of our manufacturing and distribution sites have earned the Star certification from the Occupational Safety & Health Administration (OSHA) Voluntary Protection Programs, more than any other paint manufacturer in the U.S. In 2015, our company-operated transport fleet was awarded a Third Place Award for accident prevention from the National Private Truck Council, an impressive feat for a fleet that drove a record
61 million miles last year.
GLOBAL FINISHES GROUP
The Global Finishes Group manufactures and sells industrial coatings, automotive finishes, and protective and marine coatings to a growing customer base in nearly 100 countries around the world. We go to market through independent retailers, jobbers and distributors as well as through our company-operated branches.
Net sales for our Global Finishes Group decreased
7.9 percent to $1.92 billion in 2015, due primarily to the effect of foreign currency devaluation. Sales in local currency decreased by 0.4 percent. Segment profit was essentially flat at $201.9 million as a result of good control over selling, general and administrative expenses and lower raw material costs that were mostly offset
by unfavorable currency translation that reduced profit by
$26.5 million. Global Finishes Group profit as a percentage of net sales improved to 10.5 percent from 9.7 percent in 2014.
We continue to strengthen and expand our OEM coatings capabilities globally, particularly in our coatings offerings for metal and plastic substrates. Our new Indonesian lab and blending facility, which opened in December 2015, provides technical support and shorter delivery times to customers in this important industrial corridor. We expanded our industrial powder coatings reach and capacity with new manufacturing facilities in Poland and Mexico to support large-volume powder customers in the building products, heavy equipment, electronics, kitchen cabinet, lighting and general finish segments. We were named supplier of the year in 2015 by Power Décor, a leading enterprise in China’s forest products industry based in Shanghai.
In Automotive Finishes, we followed up the 2014 launch
of our Formula Express® 2.0 global online color formula retrieval system for collision repair and custom paint shops with the 2015 introduction of SkyMatchTM, a web-based platform that connects users to thousands of color formulations for aerospace applications.
Chris Connor Assumes
Role of Executive Chairman
On January 1, 2016, Chris Connor stepped down as Chief Executive Officer of Sherwin- Williams, a position he has held for the past 16 years. He will remain with the Company in the role of Executive Chairman during this transition period.
Sherwin-Williams is a very different company today than when Chris took over as CEO. Annual sales have more than doubled, from approximately $5 billion to over $11 billion, and net income more than tripled
to $1.05 billion from $304 million. Earnings per share increased to $11.16 from $1.80. The Company’s market capitalization grew from $3.5 billion to over $23 billion. Average annual return to shareholders over Chris’s 16-year tenure was approximately 17 percent.
As impressive as these financial results are, the impact Chris has had on the culture of Sherwin-Williams and the spirit of its employees is even more profound and enduring. From the priority he placed on research and development to drive innovation in our industry and create better-performing products, to his unwavering commitment to opening new stores, expanding distribution globally and investing in superior customer service, Chris exemplifies the balance between managing for today and planning for the future. He has fostered teamwork and camaraderie through his daily interactions with employees throughout the Company.
As Executive Chairman, Chris will continue to serve as an ambassador for Sherwin-Williams, strengthening the Company’s bond with our employees, customers, suppliers and the communities in which we live and work.
  5

                         John Morikis Named CEO, Effective January 1, 2016
On January 1, 2016, John Morikis assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer for Sherwin- Williams after being elected to the Company’s Board of Directors in October 2015.
John joined Sherwin-Williams in 1984 as a management trainee in the Company’s Paint Stores Group. He has held many key leadership positions during his 31-year career with Sherwin-Williams. During his nine-year tenure as President and Chief Operating Officer, which encompassed the most severe housing recession in the U.S. in more than 75 years, the Company grew revenues from $7.8 billion to $11.3 billion, and grew earnings per share from $4.19 to $11.16. As President of the Paint Stores segment, he led the Group through one of the most aggressive growth phases in Company history. Under his leadership, Paint Stores Group grew from approximately $3 billion in sales through 2,400 company-operated paint stores to nearly $5 billion in sales through more than
3,100 stores, bolstering Sherwin-Williams’ position as the leading architectural coatings company in North America.
John’s appointment as CEO marks the successful culmination of a multi-year organizational succession plan to identify the absolute best candidate to assume leadership of the Company. He has been an important member of our senior leadership team for many years and is one of the key architects of the Company’s current organizational structure and strategy. With this transition, John becomes only the ninth CEO in Sherwin-Williams’ 150-year history.
Our Protective & Marine coatings business was recognized in 2015 by the Society for Protective Coatings, which selected the Lay Dam project, a hydroelectric power dam near Clanton, Alabama, to receive its outstanding achievement award for the completion of a complex industrial coatings project.
BOARD AND MANAGEMENT CHANGES
In October, our Board of Directors elected John G. Morikis to be the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, effective January 1, 2016, as well as a member of the Board. After serving as Chairman and CEO for the past 16 years, I will remain with the Company in the role of Executive Chairman during this transition period.
In July, Steven H. Wunning was elected to our Board of Directors and appointed to serve on the Compensation and Management Development Committee. Mr. Wunning recently retired as Group President of Caterpillar Inc., the world’s leading manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives. Steve’s extensive operations experience gained during 41 years of service at Caterpillar provides the Board with a valuable, independent perspective. We continue to look forward to the benefits that his breadth of business knowledge and leadership will bring to the Board, our Company and our shareholders during the years to come.
We now have a total of 12 directors on the Board, including 10 independent directors.
Two other key management appointments were announced
in 2015. Tim Knight was named Senior Vice President – Corporate Planning, Development and Administration, following the retirement of Steve Oberfeld. Tim joined Sherwin-Williams in 1994 and has held a wide range of leadership roles, most recently Senior Vice President – Administration, with responsibility for a number of corporate functions, including managing our global real estate platform.
In addition to his administrative duties, Tim is now responsible
for managing and implementing the Company’s merger and acquisition strategy and for supervising our strategic and operating planning process.
Tom Gilligan assumed the role of Senior Vice President – Human Resources, replacing Tom Hopkins, who is retiring. Tom Gilligan will be responsible for corporate compensation and benefits, employee relations, organizational development, environmental, health and safety, and employee communications and engagement. For the past 15 years of his 32-year career with Sherwin-Williams, he has served as Senior Vice President – Human Resources for Paint Stores Group. He has been instrumental in shaping our current approaches to talent acquisition and training, diversity and inclusion, and safety, which have resulted in a long-tenured and high-performance workforce.
These executives have proven themselves to be skilled business managers and outstanding leaders over their tenures
  6

                        with the Company. They bring impressive records of accomplishment to their new roles. On behalf of all Sherwin- Williams employees and shareholders, I would like to thank Steve Oberfeld and Tom Hopkins for their 31 and 34 years, respectively, of exemplary service.
 The positive impact that these two talented executives had on our Company over the years cannot be overstated.
OUTLOOK FOR 2016
should remain stable for the foreseeable future. Based on these factors, we expect average year-over-year raw material costs for the paint and coatings industry to be down in the mid-single-digit percentage range in 2016.
Our continued focus on better serving a diverse and increasingly global professional customer base, expanding our distribution domestically and abroad, developing new and innovative products, managing expenses and working capital, generating cash, and continuing to invest in our people will enable us to grow and prosper in the year ahead.
In many respects, the world looks
different today than it did just a few short months ago when the Federal Reserve Bank took its first step toward interest rate normalization. In most advanced economies, a modest, choppy recovery is expected to continue. The picture for emerging markets and developing economies varies, but
in most cases remains challenging. Risks to the global outlook continue to revolve around a generalized slowdown in emerging market economies, China’s rebalancing, lower commodity prices, and the gradual exit from the decade-long extraordinarily accommodative monetary policy in the United States. If these key challenges are not successfully managed, global growth could be derailed.
Despite these risks to the global economy, paint and coatings demand in most domestic markets remains strong. Eighty percent of homeowners who have set their spending budgets for 2016 plan to spend as much or more on home improvement projects compared with 2015. New residential construction, both single-family and multi-family, and existing home turnover gained momentum throughout the year, which bodes well for 2016. Contracts for new non-residential projects decreased modestly in square footage terms compared with 2014, but remained healthy from a historical perspective.
Outside the U.S., it appears likely that sluggish market conditions and currency devaluation in many Latin American countries and Europe will remain a challenge.
From a profitability standpoint, we should also continue to benefit from domestic paint volume growth, prudent expense control and lower year-over-year raw material costs. Raw materials represent roughly 85 percent of the cost of goods sold for most paint products, and we believe we are likely to see another year of declining commodity costs. Continued weakness in the price of crude oil and downstream derivatives such as propylene and ethylene will have a deflationary effect on petrochemical-based materials such as latex and solvents. Soft global demand and excess inventories of high-grade chloride titanium dioxide suggest pricing
We are well-positioned to benefit from the trends we
see in the market. Our continued focus on better serving
a diverse and increasingly global professional customer
base, expanding our distribution domestically and abroad, developing new and innovative products, managing expenses and working capital, generating cash, and continuing to invest in our people will enable us to grow and prosper in the year ahead. We are equally confident that these same factors
will continue to produce superior results and returns for our shareholders over the long term.
To all of the dedicated employees of Sherwin-Williams around the world, I offer my heartfelt thanks for your hard work, skills and commitment. It has been an honor and a privilege to serve as your CEO since 1999. We have the best team in the business, and you make the difference in our success. On behalf of all Sherwin-Williams employees, we offer our thanks and appreciation to our shareholders, customers and suppliers for your continued trust and confidence as we celebrate our 150th anniversary in 2016!
Christopher M. Connor
Executive Chairman
          7
