THE CHALLENGING MARKET
conditions we encountered in 2008 diminished our results but not our resolve. Today more than ever, we share an indelible confidence in the future of The Sherwin-Williams Company. This confidence is rooted in the extraordinary commitment of our employees, the superior performance and value of the products and services we sell and the unwavering trust and loyalty of our customers and shareholders.
We are not satisfied with our results over this past year, but the decisive actions we took in response to rap- idly deteriorating market conditions made us a stronger and more competitive company. These actions helped mit- igate the effects of a dramatic drop in end market demand and rapidly rising input costs. As a result, we gained share in most segments of the market. Net operating cash increased in the year, as did our dividend for the 30th consecutive year.
Consolidated net sales finished the year at $7.98 billion, down $25 million from the prior year. Net income declined 22.5% to $476.9 million and diluted net income per com- mon share declined to $4.00 per share from $4.70 per share in 2007. Asset impairment charges taken during 2008 reduced net income per common share by 31 cents.
In a year of lower sales and earnings, investors look for strength in other areas, such as a company’s ability to gen- erate cash. Our cash from operations came in at $876.2 million, an increase over 2007 and greater than ten percent of sales for the third consecutive year. This strong cash flow performance was due in large part to a decrease in accounts receivable and inventories. Our year-end accounts
receivable plus inventories less accounts payable to sales ratio decreased to 11.2% in 2008 from 12.7% in 2007.
During the year, we utilized this cash in ways we believe best enhance shareholder value. For example, we invested more than $70 million to complete three acquisitions, strengthening our industrial coatings businesses in
and outside North America. Our capital expenditures
for the year were $117.2 million, most of which went towards opening new paint stores and branches and fur- ther enhancing the productivity of our existing facilities, and we reduced our short-term debt during the year by more than $130 million.
We also continued our long-standing practice of returning a portion of the cash we generate to our shareholders through treasury stock purchases and dividends. In 2008, the Company purchased 7.25 million shares of its common stock in the open market, and we continued our policy of paying out approximately 30% of the previous year’s diluted net income per share in the form of a cash dividend. The 2008 dividend of $1.40 per share represented an 11% increase over the previous year and marked our 30th con- secutive year of increased dividends.
PAINT STORES GROUP
Net sales for our Paint Stores Group decreased 2.4% to $4.83 billion in 2008. The acquisitions of M.A. Bruder & Sons and Columbia Paint & Coatings completed during 2007 increased net sales for the Group 1.8% in 2008. Segment profit decreased 15.5% to $647.9 million, and segment profit margin for the year decreased to 13.4% of sales from 15.5% in 2007. The reduction in profit margin was due primarily to asset impairment charges of $43 mil- lion and rising raw material costs.
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
   Christopher M. Connor, (center) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
John G. Morikis, (left)
President and Chief Operating Officer
Sean P. Hennessy,
Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer
          1
 
  The continued double-digit declines in domestic new home construction and existing home turnover further depressed industry architectural paint volume used in resi- dential applications. Early in the year, paint demand in the previously resilient commercial construction and mainte- nance markets and the demand for industrial maintenance coatings used to protect steel and concrete also began to decline along with overall economic activity. By the fourth quarter, architectural and industrial coatings demand was down in virtually every market segment compared to 2007.
In response to the rapidly declining market demand and rising input costs, we closed 79 redundant store locations – stores located in close proximity to other stores – and reduced nonessential overtime and part time service hours. We consolidated some sales territories and focused our sell- ing efforts on market segments and customers that offered the highest potential for share growth. Concurrent with these expense reductions, our Paint Stores Group implemented multiple price increases across most of our product lines.
At the same time we were consolidating redundant store locations, we continued to invest in new markets. In 2008, we opened 100 new paint stores, finishing the year with 3,346 stores in the U.S., Canada and the Caribbean com- pared to 3,325 at the end of 2007.
Cash from operations came in at $876.2 million, an increase over 2007 and greater than ten percent of sales for the third consecutive year.
Paint Stores Group launched some ground-breaking new products in 2008. Our new ResilienceTM exterior latex paint with MoistureGuardTM technology is a perfect example. ResilienceTM cures in half the time of conventional latex paints so contractors and homeowners can paint without worrying about dew or impending rain. First year sales of ResilienceTM were on par with previous successful product introductions like Duration® exterior latex and SuperPaint® exterior latex, and customer feedback was very positive.
CONSUMER GROUP
Our Consumer Group fulfills a dual mission for the Company – supplying branded and private label products to retailers throughout North America and supporting our
Paint Stores Group with new product research and develop- ment, manufacturing, distribution and logistics. The Group operates 30 manufacturing plants and 11 distribution centers in North America and maintains the largest, most advanced research and development facility of its kind in the world.
External net sales for our Consumer Group decreased 3.0% to $1.27 billion for the year, primarily as a result of weakening sales to Do-It-Yourself customers industry- wide. Segment profit for the year decreased 37.4% to $140.2 million, including an asset impairment charge of $11 million. Segment profit margin decreased to 11.0% from 17.1% in 2007.
The dramatic decrease in Consumer Group profitability was primarily the result of rapidly rising raw material costs combined with an equally sharp drop in manufacturing vol- umes through our plants. The lower fixed cost absorption resulting from lower manufacturing volume had a dispro- portionate impact on Consumer Group profit in the year.
In 2008, seven of our manufacturing plants and one dis- tribution center earned the Occupational Safety & Health Administration’s (OSHA) prestigious Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) certification. VPP status is granted to facili- ties that implement comprehensive worksite safety and health management systems and measure results against specific performance criteria. In total, Sherwin-Williams operates 19 OSHA VPP certified facilities, more than any other paint manufacturer in North America. Less than one- tenth of one percent of all work sites in America qualify as OSHA VPP sites.
The broad assortment of branded and private label products sold by Consumer Group give our Company a major retail presence in the U.S. coatings market. Popular name brand products like Dutch Boy® and Pratt & Lambert® paints, Krylon® aerosol paint, Minwax® stains and varnishes, Thompson’s® WaterSeal® wood sealers and Purdy® paint brushes, all manufactured by Consumer Group, are stocked in two out of every three paint and coatings out- lets nationwide.
We have a long history of developing innovative new coatings products that address real consumer needs. In 2008, we introduced Dutch Boy® Refresh® interior latex paint, a revolutionary new wall paint that literally removes from the air common household odors caused by pets, food, smoke, mold and mildew while it beautifies your home. Dutch Boy® Refresh® paint has zero VOCs and is GREENGUARD Indoor Air Quality Certified® for its con- tributions to improving air quality.
    2

  GLOBAL FINISHES GROUP
Net sales for our Global Finishes Group increased $139.0 million, or 7.8%, to $1.87 billion in 2008. Acquisi- tions completed during 2007 and 2008 increased the Group’s sales in U.S. dollars by 3.3% in the year. Sales in local currency before acquisitions grew 2.9% for the year due primarily to volume growth in Latin America. Global Finishes Group segment profit for the year decreased $8.5 million, or 5.3%, to $152.2 million due primarily to higher raw material costs. Segment profit as a percent of sales decreased to 8.2% from 9.3% in 2007.
Global Finishes Group manufactures and sells original equipment manufacturer (OEM) finishes, automotive fin- ishes, protective and marine coatings and architectural coatings to a growing customer base around the world.
In addition to our well-established operations in Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Mexico, England and Ireland, we continue to expand our presence in many emerging, higher- growth markets around the world. In 2008, we opened 22 net new branches including our first company-operated locations in India. At year-end, our Global Finishes Group had 541 company-operated branches.
Our measured organic growth is complemented by an ongoing global acquisition effort. In 2008, we completed three acquisitions that bolstered our global manufacturing capacity and product offering in the OEM finishes and protective and marine coatings markets. In February, we acquired Becker Powder Coatings, a U.S.-based subsidiary of AB Wilh. Becker based in Sweden. Becker produces powder coatings used in the manufacture of household appliances, metal furniture, fixtures and electronics. In July, we acquired the liquid coatings subsidiaries of Inchem Holdings, a leading supplier of coatings to furniture, cabi- net, flooring and electronics manufacturers throughout Asia. Headquartered in Singapore, Inchem operates plants in China, Vietnam and Malaysia. In December, we closed on the acquisition of Euronavy-Tintas Maritimas e Indus- triais S.A. of Portugal. Euronavy is a leading innovator of marine and protective coatings applied to ships, off-shore platforms, storage tanks, steel, concrete and flooring.
We supply automotive coatings to collision repair shops and vehicle refinishers around the world, and we produce a broad range of solvent-based and water-borne liquid, powder and UV-curable coatings for non-automotive OEM applica- tions. Although the slowing global economy and sharp decline in manufacturing activity was a drag on these busi- nesses in 2008, our long-term growth strategy remains on
track. Our well-established controlled distribution platform in North America and our growing manufacturing and dis- tribution capacity in Latin America and Asia position us well for market share growth in the years ahead.
ECOVISION
In 2008, we launched EcoVision, a company-wide effort to reduce our impact on the environment. EcoVision encompasses the ongoing development of environmentally favorable products, processes and
The 2008 dividend of $1.40 per share represented an 11% increase over the previous year and marked our 30th consecutive year of increased dividends.
business practices that are profitable, preserve natural resources and contribute to social improvement. The specific goals of this initiative are to exceed industry environmental compliance requirements while reducing resource and energy consumption, liquid and solid waste streams and our overall carbon footprint.
MANAGEMENT CHANGES
In 2009, Daniel E. Evans and Robert W. Mahoney will retire from our Board of Directors. Both of these gentle- men served long tenures as Sherwin-Williams directors – Mr. Evans since 1990 and Mr. Mahoney since 1995 – and the Company has benefited greatly from their leadership and sage advice over the years. We wish them both good health and happiness in the years ahead.
In September, George Heath was appointed President of our Global Finishes Group, responsible for building and expanding our manufacturing and technology infrastruc- ture to serve our customers around the globe. George joined the Company in 2004 and most recently served as President & General Manager of the Chemical Coatings Division, Global Finishes Group.
Drew McCandless was appointed to succeed George Heath as President & General Manager of the Chemical Coatings Division. Since joining Sherwin-Williams in 1986, Drew has excelled in a broad range of assignments, most recently as President & General Manager of the Paint and Coatings Division, Consumer Group.
     3

 Joel Baxter was promoted to President & General Manager of the Paint and Coatings Division, Consumer Group. Joel joined Sherwin-Williams in 1990 and has held a number of manufacturing and supply chain management positions. Most recently, Joel served as Senior Vice President- Excellence Initiatives.
Pete Ippolito was promoted to President & General Manager of the Protective & Marine Coatings Division, Global Finishes Group. In this capacity, Pete will manage sales, marketing and product development for our global industrial and marine coatings business. Pete joined the Company in 1986 and most recently served as Senior Vice President-Marketing for Paint Stores Group.
Rob Lynch was promoted to President of the Paint & Sundries Division, Consumer Group, responsible for sales and marketing of our paint, aerosol, applicator and caulk product lines. Rob joined Sherwin-Williams in 2000 as Director of Sales for the Consumer Division and most recently served as Senior Vice President – Paint & Aerosols for the Diversified Brands Division.
These executives have proven themselves to be savvy business managers and outstanding leaders over their tenures with the company. Each brings an impressive record of accomplishment to their new role.
LEAD PIGMENT LITIGATION
On July 1, 2008, the Supreme Court of Rhode Island overturned a 2006 trial court jury verdict finding that Sherwin-Williams and two other defendant companies caused or significantly contributed to the creation of a public nuisance in that state. The unanimous decision by the four-justice panel held that the state could neither prove the defendants interfered with a public right, nor
that they were in control of the alleged nuisance at the time harm was caused. Furthermore, the Court concluded that the trial court erred in allowing this lawsuit to go to trial.
This important ruling complements similar decisions by State Supreme Courts in Missouri, New Jersey and Illinois. Together, these decisions strengthen our resolve to continue to defend the Company against these inap- propriate lawsuits.
OUTLOOK FOR 2009
The recession that has slashed U.S. demand for coatings and other building materials over the past two years has expanded to global markets, and the catalyst for recovery is not yet in sight. This has made it increasingly difficult to forecast our industry with any degree of confidence.
We believe that the weak demand for paint and coatings we saw in the U.S. and many international markets during the fourth quarter of 2008 is likely to continue for the foreseeable future. Industry-wide demand in most markets has eroded to the point that positive volume growth in the coming year is unlikely.
Our continued focus on serving a diverse and increas- ingly global professional customer base, expanding our distribution domestically and abroad, developing new and innovative products, managing expenses and working capi- tal and generating cash should see us through this difficult and persistent cycle. We are equally confident that these same factors will produce superior results and returns for our shareholders over the long term.
On behalf of the men and women of The Sherwin-Williams Company around the world, we offer our thanks and appreciation to our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued trust and confidence.
  Christopher M. Connor Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
John G. Morikis Sean P. Hennessy President and Chief Operating Officer Senior Vice President - Finance and
Chief Financial Officer
    4
 