  2
LETTER TO
Shareholders
We are pleased to report that 2013 was another record year for The Sherwin-Williams Company. We reported record consolidated sales, which surpassed $10 billion for the first time in our 147-year history. Our strong revenue performance was matched by record results for net income, earnings per share and net operating cash. Total return to shareholders in 2013 was 20.7 percent, and our average annual total return over the past five years was 27.3 percent.
Consolidated net sales finished the year at $10.19 billion,
an increase of 6.8 percent over 2012. In addition to record total revenue, our Paint Stores Group and Global Finishes Group established new revenue milestones of $6 billion and $2 billion, respectively. Consolidated income before taxes grew 19.7 percent to $1.09 billion, net income increased 19.3 percent to $752.6 million, and diluted net income per common share increased 20.6 percent to $7.26 per share. Our results for net income and earnings per share include nonrecurring Brazil tax assessments in the second and third quarters totaling $31.6 million. These assessments resulted in after-tax charges to earnings of $21.9 million, or $.21 per diluted common share, in Sherwin-Williams’ year ended December 31, 2013.
During the year, we returned $974 million to shareholders through treasury stock purchases and quarterly dividends. The Company acquired 4.3 million shares of its common stock on the open market at an average cost of $178.90 per share and a total investment of $769 million. At year-end, we had remaining authorization from our Board to purchase an additional 12.15 million shares. We also increased our annual dividend 28 percent to $2.00 per share, extending our string of dividend increases to 35 consecutive years.
Not all of the news we received in 2013 was good news. In our long-standing lead pigment lawsuit in Santa Clara County, California involving a claim for public nuisance, the trial court ordered three of the defendants
Consolidated net sales finished the year at $10.19 billion, an
increase of 6.8 percent over 2012. In addition to record total revenue, our Paint Stores Group and Global Finishes Group established new revenue milestones of $6 billion and $2 billion, respectively.
— Sherwin-Williams, NL Industries, Inc. and ConAgra Grocery Products Company — to pay $1.15 billion into a lead paint abatement fund to be administered by the State.
For the first time in our history, net operating cash exceeded $1 billion, finishing the year at $1.1 billion, an increase of $196 million over 2012. Net operating cash as
a percent of sales for the year was 10.6 percent, above the Company’s long-term objective of generating net operating cash at a rate of 10 percent of net sales.
A portion of the increase in net operating cash resulted from continued progress in working capital management. Our working capital ratio – accounts receivable plus inventory minus accounts payable, divided by sales – declined to 10.5 percent of sales at year-end, compared with 10.8 percent of sales at the end of 2012. Excluding the effect of acquisitions, our year-end working capital ratio would have been 10 percent in 2013.
The trial court’s final judgment was entered on January 27, 2014. We continue to believe these types of lawsuits are baseless and will file a notice of appeal at the appropriate time. While it is difficult to predict the length of time required for appeal, at a minimum we expect the process to take two to three years.
In September, we completed a portion of the Consorcio Comex transaction announced in 2012, acquiring 306 company-operated paint stores in the U.S. and Canada. This was a significant acquisition for our Company, increasing our store presence in many key markets and adding approximately $450 million in revenue in 2014.
Despite our best efforts to secure regulatory approval to complete the acquisition of Comex operations in Mexico,
 
 From left to right: Sean P. Hennessy, Senior Vice President – Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Christopher M. Connor, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John G. Morikis, President and Chief Operating Officer
the deal was twice rejected during the year due to concerns that the transaction would reduce competition in the Mexican paint market. We will continue to work with the Federal Economic Competition Commission in Mexico to determine a path forward, as we believe the completion
of this combination of these two outstanding companies would benefit both Sherwin-Williams shareholders and paint consumers throughout Mexico.
At year-end, our total debt was $1.72 billion and cash on hand was $745 million. We maintained an uncharacteristically high debt level and cash balance throughout the year in anticipation of closing the Mexico portion of the Comex acquisition.
PAINT STORES GROUP
Our Paint Stores Group is the largest operator of specialty paint stores in North America, servicing the needs of architectural and industrial painting contractors and do- it-yourself homeowners. Net sales for the Group finished the year at $6.0 billion, an increase of 10.9 percent over 2012. Comparable-store sales – sales by stores open more than 12 months – increased 7.8 percent during the year. The segment’s profit increased 14.9 percent to $990.5 million. As a percentage of sales, Paint Stores Group profit increased to a record 16.5 percent, up from the previous record of 15.9 percent set in 2012. Flow through on incremental sales for the year in our Paint Stores Group was 36 percent.
During the year, Paint Stores Group continued to grow in geographic reach and store density, opening 82 net new stores and adding the 306 Comex store locations.
The acquired stores operate under well-known regional brands such as Frazee® in California, Nevada and Arizona; ParkerTM Paints in the Pacific Northwest; Kwal® in the Rocky Mountain region; Color WheelTM in Florida; and General Paint® in Canada. These additions bring Paint Stores Group total store count in the U.S., Canada and the Caribbean to 3,908 locations, compared with 3,520 a year ago. Our plan for 2014 calls for net new store openings in the range of 80 to 90 locations. To stay a step ahead of our future growth and expansion, we recruited an unprecedented 1,240 college graduates into our Management Training Program in 2013.
The process of integrating the U.S. and Canadian Comex stores, facilities and brands into our existing operations is going well. These integration efforts will pay big dividends as we transition the acquired business from an operating loss in 2013 to profitability on par with our existing Paint Stores Group in the years ahead. At the same time, this organization will continue to focus on organic store growth, recruit and train the best store staff and sales force in the industry, and introduce outstanding new products, marketing programs and sales initiatives to drive market share gains across our focus market segments.
CONSUMER GROUP
The Consumer Group fulfills a dual mission for the Company: supplying branded and private-label products to retailers throughout North America, and supporting our other businesses around the world with new product research and development, manufacturing, distribution and logistics.
  3
 
4
In 2013, Consumer Group sales increased 1.5 percent to $1.34 billion, primarily due to revenue from acquisitions that more than offset the elimination of some paint business with two large retail customers. Acquisitions increased net sales by 2.4 percent. Segment profit increased 11.8 percent to $242.1 million as higher sales and operating efficiencies from higher manufacturing volume more than offset profit dilution from acquisitions. Segment profit margin expanded to 18.0 percent of sales from 16.4 percent in 2012.
The portfolio of brands and products sold by our Consumer Group continues to grow. In 2013, as part of
the Comex U.S. and Canada acquisition, we added the Duckback®, Superdeck® and Mason’s Select® brands
of wood care products to our portfolio. These brands represent a complete line of premium quality stains and sealers for exterior wood, concrete and composite surfaces.
The Consumer Group leads our worldwide architectural coatings research and development effort, and manages a highly efficient global supply chain consisting of 43 manufacturing plants and 20 distribution centers. This talented team will oversee the integration of the Comex manufacturing and distribution facilities in the U.S. and Canada. To date, 28 of our manufacturing and distribution sites have earned the Star certification from
Segment profit for the year increased 15.9 percent to $170.6 million, and segment profit as a percentage of net sales increased 100 basis points to 8.5 percent from
7.5 percent in 2012.
Our growth strategy in the Global Finishes Group
relies on rapid assimilation of new product and service technologies in every market we serve. Recent examples
of this include the introduction of new UV-resistant coatings products in Europe, fast-cure ethanol-resistant coatings
for the global petroleum market and the promotion of waterborne product platforms in China. We recently introduced FormulaExpress®2.0 Electronic Formula Retrieval system to the automotive refinish market, which dramatically improves the speed of color formula retrieval and the accuracy of formula recommendations. Our new RAL 48- hour delivery program in North America meets the quick turnaround needs of job shops using RAL colors in powder.
LATIN AMERICA COATINGS GROUP
Our Latin America Coatings Group develops, manufactures, licenses and sells a variety of architectural paint and coatings, and related products throughout Latin America. Sherwin-Williams® and other controlled brand products are distributed through company-operated specialty paint stores
For the first time in our history, net operating cash exceeded
$1 billion. During the year, we returned $974 million to shareholders through treasury stock purchases and quarterly dividends.
and by a direct sales staff and outside sales representatives to retailers, dealers, licensees and other third-party distributors. In 2013, we opened six net new
the Occupational Safety & Health Administration (OSHA) Voluntary Protection Program, more than any other paint manufacturer in North America. In 2013, our company- operated transport fleet received a Safety Award from the National Private Truck Council.
GLOBAL FINISHES GROUP
The Global Finishes Group manufactures and sells industrial coatings, automotive finishes, and protective and marine coatings to a growing customer base in more than 100 countries around the world. We go to market through independent retailers, jobbers and distributors as well as through our company-operated branches. Acquisitions have played a particularly important role in this segment
in recent years, bringing new technology and needed capacity to key geographic regions.
Net sales for our Global Finishes Group increased
2.2 percent to $2.0 billion in 2013. Slightly more than half of the $40 million increase in revenue came from acquisitions.
company-operated stores in the region for a total of 282, and added 76 new dedicated dealer locations for a total of 587. In 2013, unfavorable currency exchange rates in many
Latin American countries once again posed a significant challenge to our revenue and profit growth. Sales in
U.S. dollars declined $3.6 million to $832.5 million, while sales in local currencies grew 6.7 percent. Profit for the segment, stated in U.S. dollars, decreased 52.4 percent to $38.6 million. Tax assessments in Brazil in the second and third quarters accounted for $31.6 million of the reduction in operating profit for the segment. Negative currency exchange also reduced segment profit by $5.5 million in the year. As a percentage of net sales, segment profit was
4.6 percent for the year compared with 9.7 percent in 2012.
MANAGEMENT CHANGES
In January, Catherine M. Kilbane joined the Company as our Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. Cathy will oversee delivery of domestic and global legal
 
services, advise management on all legal matters including corporate governance and litigation, and supervise the legal department and outside counsel. She joins Sherwin-Williams following nine years as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary for American Greetings Corporation. Prior to that, Cathy practiced law for 16 years with Baker & Hostetler, LLP, one of the nation’s largest law firms, where she was a partner in the general business group, specializing in commercial and intellectual property issues.
Our raw material basket, which comprises approximately 85 percent of the cost of finished products, has many moving parts but, in total, we believe there is some risk of modest inflation. The price of propylene, a feedstock for monomers and latex, and high-density polyethylene, which is used in plastic pails, have risen in recent months. Pricing for high- grade chloride Ti02, the primary pigment used in paint, held steady over the second half of 2013, but rising order volumes and lower inventories could result in pricing traction by mid-2014. Based on these factors, we would expect average year-over-year raw material cost inflation for the paint and coatings industry to be in the low single-digit range in 2014.
We are well positioned to benefit from trends. Our continued focus on better serving a diverse and
In September, Cheri M. Phyfer was promoted to President and General Manager of our Diversified Brands Division, which is part of our Consumer Group. Cheri joined Sherwin-Williams in 1993 as a management trainee in the Southeastern Division of our Paint
Stores Group. She has held a variety
of leadership positions, including
President of both the Southeastern
and South Western divisions of Paint
Stores Group and Vice President
of Sales in the Southeastern Division. Cheri led our Southeastern Division through an impressive growth phase, significantly expanding our presence in the Caribbean basin, and was instrumental in the development of the Paint Stores Group’s diversity and inclusion initiatives.
OUTLOOK FOR 2014
Data on the U.S. housing market have been mixed in recent months, but we remain bullish on the residential business based on our sales momentum in the fourth quarter and feedback from many of our customers. Recovery in the nonresidential construction markets has been slow, but
we have seen some improvement in our sales to many nonresidential segments in recent months. We expect this positive momentum to continue in 2014.
Outside the U.S., it appears likely that sluggish economic conditions and currency devaluation in many Latin America countries will remain a challenge. Modestly improving economic growth in Europe may provide some offset.
We are at a midway point in the U.S. housing market recovery that began in 2010, and the rebound in the domestic nonresidential markets is barely under way. Against this backdrop, 2013 was our third consecutive year of record results. Assuming this recovery remains on track, our prospects over the next three to five years look bright.
We are at a midway point in the U.S. housing market
recovery that began in 2010, and the rebound in the domestic nonresidential markets is barely under way. Against this backdrop, 2013 was our third consecutive year of record results.
increasingly global professional customer base, expanding our distribution domestically and abroad, developing new and innovative products, managing expenses and working capital, generating cash, and continuing to invest in our people will enable us to grow and prosper in the year ahead. We are equally confident that these same factors will produce superior results and returns for our shareholders over the long term.
To the men and women of Sherwin-Williams, I offer
my heartfelt thanks for all of your hard work, skills and commitment; I truly believe that we have the best team in the business, and that is integral to our success. On behalf of all Sherwin-Williams employees around the world, we offer our thanks and appreciation to our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued trust and confidence.
Christopher M. Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                5
 