letter to sHareHolders
 From left to right:
John G. morikis,
President and chief operating officer
christopher m. connor,
chairman and chief executive officer
Sean p. hennessy,
senior Vice President - Finance and chief Financial officer
  2
We are pleaSed to report that 2011 WaS another record year for the Sherwin-Williams company. Since 2007, on the eve of the global recession, volume demand in the markets we serve declined more than 20 percent and raw material costs spiked nearly 40 percent. these forces are difficult to overcome, but we focused our efforts on streamlining our operations and growing market share. our financial results improved, but more importantly our company grew stronger. today, Sherwin-Williams is leaner, more productive and more competitive than at any time in our recent history.
We finished 2011 with consolidated sales of $8.77 billion, an increase of 12.7 percent over 2010 and $761 million ahead of our all time revenue peak set in 2007. Income before taxes grew 9.4 percent to $741.5 million. During the year, we entered into a settlement with the Internal Revenue Service regarding their audit of our employee stock ownership plan for the 2003 through 2009 tax years. The settlement, which increased our federal income tax approximately $75.0 million, or $0.70 per common share, fully resolves all IRS issues relat- ing to federal and state income taxes, including interest. Diluted net income per common share, before the effect of this settlement, increased 15 percent to $4.84 per share, eclipsing our previous EPS record of $4.70 per share.
Strong cash generation and a long-standing practice of returning a significant portion of operating cash to shareholders are hallmarks of Sherwin-Williams. In 2011, cash from operations was $736 million, an increase of $29 million over the prior year. The increase in net operating cash was primarily a result of our disciplined management of working capital. At year end, our working capital ratio – accounts receivable plus inventories less
   
  accounts payable to sales – was 10.9 percent of
sales compared to 11.9 percent at the end of 2010, convincing evidence that the integration of the acqui- sitions completed in the past two years is on track. Free cash flow, which is operating cash minus capi- tal expenditures and dividends, finished the year at $428 million.
During the year, we returned more than $520 mil- lion in cash to shareholders through treasury stock purchases and quarterly dividends. We acquired 4.7 million shares of our common stock on the open market at an average cost of $78.16 per share and
a total investment of $367 million. At year end,
we had remaining authorization from our Board to purchase an additional 21 million shares. We also increased our annual dividend two cents to $1.46 per share, keeping our string of 33 consecutive years of increased dividends intact.
Total return to Sherwin-Williams shareholders (stock price appreciation plus dividends) was
8.5 percent in 2011 compared to a gain of just
over 2 percent for our peer group and a flat return for the S&P 500. Long-term holders of our stock have enjoyed total returns far in excess of the market. Over the past five years, Sherwin-Williams sharehold- ers earned a total return of 56 percent compared to
a 1 percent loss for the S&P 500. Our 10-year total return was nearly 300 percent compared to 9.5 per- cent for the S&P 500.
The improvement in our financial performance
in recent years was not achieved by limiting invest- ments that help ensure the Company’s long-term success. We continue to invest more than $100 million annually in research, development and com- mercialization of new product technologies. In June, we received the Presidential Green Chemistry Chal- lenge Award from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. This esteemed award recognizes the design of safer and more sustainable chemicals, processes, and products that protect the public from exposure to harmful chemicals. As the only paint and coatings producer to receive a Presidential Green Chemistry Challenge Award in 2011, this recognition affirms our leadership in the rapidly expanding market for environmentally favorable products and processes. In 2012, we will extend our leadership position by introducing the industry’s first true zero-VOC archi- tectural paint line and tint system.
Acquisitions are also an important source of new technology. In 2011, we acquired Leighs Paints based in Bolton, England. Leighs is a market leader in intumescent, or fire protectant, coatings, which pro- longs the structural integrity of steel and concrete in a
catastrophic fire, providing more time for evacuation. Intumescent coatings specifications are increasing glob- ally and we have very high expectations for this new addition to the Sherwin-Williams family.
During the past year, we recruited more than 950 high caliber people into our respected Management Training Programs and celebrated a noteworthy milestone, surpassing 4,000 total company-operated stores and branches across all operating segments worldwide. We are confident these investments will benefit the Company in the near term, and deliver appropriate returns in the long term.
Beginning fourth quarter 2011, we increased our Reportable Operating Segments to four from three due to the continued revenue growth, geographic expansion and end-market diversity of our Global Finishes Group. The Latin America Coatings Group,
We finished 2011 with record sales of $8.77 billion and record adjusted earnings-per-share of $4.84.
previously aggregated within the Global Finishes Group, will now be reported as a stand-alone segment. The remaining Global Finishes Group busi- nesses, automotive finishes, O.E.M. product finishes, and protective and marine coatings, will make up the Global Finishes Group Reportable Operating Segment. This change will provide better visibility into the operations and financial performance of these businesses.
paint StoreS Group
Our Paint Stores Group is the largest operator of specialty paint stores in North America, servicing the needs of architectural and industrial painting contrac- tors and do-it-yourself homeowners alike. Net sales for the Group finished the year at $4.78 billion, an increase of 9.1 percent from 2010. Comparable-store sales – sales by stores open more than 12 months – increased 8.3 percent in the year. Segment profit for the Group increased 4.2 percent to $645.7 million, but decreased as a percent of sales to 13.5 percent from 14.1 percent in 2010. The decline in profit margin was primarily the result of higher raw material costs.
Demand for paint and painting materials gained momentum as the year progressed. Paint Stores Group revenues grew 6.1 percent in the first half
   3

of the year then accelerated to 11.6 percent in the second half compared to the same periods in 2010. Sales to do-it-yourself homeowners and painting con- tractors who specialize in repainting existing homes accounted for most of the growth in the first half. Sales and volume growth in the second half was more broad-based, with nearly every customer segment
– residential and nonresidential – showing positive volume. Importantly, in a negative volume growth market, our results during the year clearly translated into market share gains.
During the year, we added 60 net new stores, a slightly faster pace of new stores openings than we achieved in 2010. Our store count in the U.S., Canada and the Caribbean now stands at 3,450 compared to 3,390 a year ago. Our plan for 2012 calls for net new store openings in the range of 50 to 60 locations.
conSumer Group
Our Consumer Group fulfills a dual mission for the Company – supplying branded and private label prod- ucts to retailers throughout North America and parts of Europe and supporting our Paint Stores Group with new product research and development, manufactur- ing, distribution and logistics. The Group manages a highly efficient North American supply chain consist- ing of 32 manufacturing plants and 7 distribution centers and maintains one of the safest transport oper-
Sherwin-Williams shareholders earned a five year total return of 56 percent and a ten year total return of nearly 300 percent, both well ahead
of our peer group and the S&p 500.
ations in the country. In addition, Consumer Group leads our worldwide architectural coatings research and development effort.
Our Consumer Group had a challenging year in 2011, primarily as a result of a significant decrease in architectural paint business with one large retail cus- tomer. External net sales for the Group decreased 1.8 percent to $1.27 billion, with a portion of the decline in volume offset by selling price increases. Segment profit for the year decreased to $173.7 million from $204.0 million in 2010, and segment profit margin
contracted to 13.6 percent from 15.7 percent in 2010. The decrease in Consumer Group’s operating margin was due primarily to higher raw material costs that were only partially offset by selling price increases and good expense control.
latin america coatinGS Group
Our Latin America Coatings Group develops, manu- factures, licenses and sells a variety of architectural paint and coatings and related products throughout Latin America. Sherwin-Williams® and other controlled brand products are distributed through 265 company- operated specialty paint stores and by a direct sales staff and outside sales representatives to retailers, dealers, licensees and other third party distributors.
In 2011, the Latin America Coatings Group sales increased 22.7 percent to $828.5 million. Acquisitions increased sales in U.S. dollars by 8.7 percent and cur- rency translation added 3 percent to sales in the year. Segment profit, stated in U.S. dollars, increased 27.9 percent to $75.5 million, due primarily to higher sales volume and price increases partially offset by raw material cost inflation. Currency translation increased segment profit $1.9 million and acquisitions increased segment profit $1.1 million in the year.
As a percent of net sales, segment profit was 9.1 percent for the year compared to 8.7 percent in 2010.
GloBal FiniSheS Group
Our Global Finishes Group manufactures and sells industrial coatings, automotive finishes, and protec- tive and marine coatings to a growing customer base in more than 100 countries around the world. We
go to market through independent retailers, franchi- sees, jobbers and distributors, as well as through our company-operated branches. Acquisitions have played a particularly important role in this segment in recent years, bringing new technology and needed capacity in key geographic regions. During the past year, we made great strides in integrating the three acquisitions com- pleted over the past two years, including Leighs Paints acquired in 2011.
Net sales for our Global Finishes Group increased 32.5 percent to $1.88 billion. Acquisitions increased the Group’s sales in U.S. dollars by 20.7 percent and currency translation rate changes before acquisitions increased sales in U.S. dollars by 1.4 percent. Seg- ment profit for the year increased to $90.3 million from $64.7 million last year, primarily as a result of higher sales volume and selling prices, good expense control and favorable currency translation that more than offset higher raw material costs and dilution from acquisitions. Acquisitions reduced segment
   4

  profit $6.4 million in the year and currency trans- lation increased segment profit $4.5 million. As a percent of net sales, the Global Finishes Group prof- it increased to 4.8 percent from 4.6 percent in 2010.
Board chanGeS
In December 2011, Gary G. McCullough stepped down from our Board of Directors. Mr. McCullough served as a Sherwin-Williams director since 2002. In 2012, Curtis E. Moll and James C. Boland will reach mandatory retirement age from our Board of Direc- tors; Mr. Moll after serving 15 years and Mr. Boland after 14 years of service. The Company has benefited greatly from the leadership and sage advice these three men have provided over the years. We offer them our heartfelt wishes for good health and happi- ness in the years ahead.
outlooK For 2012
There appears to be growing sentiment across many of our end markets predicting better times ahead. Some see early signs that the housing reces- sion is finally nearing an end and investment in home improvement and maintenance is accelerating. Time will tell whether this early momentum will build and whether it will lead the U.S. housing market and home improvement spending back to more sustain- able levels in the years ahead.
Others forecast moderating rates of raw material inflation in 2012. On this point we remain more cau- tious. We still expect significant cost headwinds in 2012, primarily from titanium dioxide. This, coupled
with the annualization of inflation from 2011, will likely require further action from paint producers to prevent additional margin erosion.
If the past four years has taught us anything, it is that we are not reliant on favorable market condi- tions to produce better results. Our continued focus on better serving a diverse and increasingly global
in 2011 we celebrated a noteworthy milestone, surpassing 4,000 total company- operated stores and branches across all operating segments worldwide.
professional customer base, expanding our distribu- tion domestically and abroad, developing new and innovative products, managing expenses and working capital and generating cash will enable us to grow and prosper in the year ahead regardless of market conditions. We are equally confident that these same factors will produce superior results and returns for our shareholders over the long term.
On behalf of the men and women of The Sherwin-Williams Company around the world, we offer our thanks and appreciation to our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued trust and confidence.
    Christopher M. Connor Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  5
