                                        LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 Christopher M. Connor,
(left) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and John G. Morikis, President and Chief Operating Officer
  WE ARE PLEASED TO REPORT ON ANOTHER
record year for The Sherwin-Williams Company. For the first time in our company’s long and illustrious 141-year history, we surpassed the $8 billion sales mark. This record sales performance was matched with record achievements in earnings per share, net income and net operating cash. On the strength of this performance, we increased our dividend for the 29th consecutive year.
Consolidated net sales for the year grew 2.5% to $8.0 billion. Net income increased 6.9% to $615.6 million, and diluted net income per common share reached $4.70 per share, an increase of 12.2%.
Cash from operations came in at $874.5 million, an increase of nearly $60 million over 2006, and better than 10 percent of sales for the second consecutive year. This strong cash flow performance was achieved through a combination of improved profitability and continued stringent working capital management.
We prudently reinvested this cash in ways we believe will best enhance shareholder value. During the year we completed seven acquisitions to strengthen our store presence and expand our family of technologically superior coatings products. Notably, four of the acquired companies have headquarters outside of the United States.
Additionally, during the year we invested $165.9 million in capital expenditures to increase our manufacturing capacity, expand our store network and enhance the productivity of our existing facilities.
    
                                         We also continued our long-standing practice of returning a portion of the cash we generate to our shareholders through treasury stock purchases and dividends. In management’s opinion, Wall Street’s reaction to the slowing domestic housing market resulted in our stock being significantly undervalued. The company took advantage of this opportunity and purchased a record 13.2 million shares of our common stock in the open market. Additionally, we continued our policy of paying out approximately 30% of the previous year’s diluted net income per share in the form of a cash dividend. This dividend in 2007 of $1.26 per share represented a 26% increase over the previous year and marked the 29th consecutive year we have increased our dividend.
We are proud of our performance in 2007, particularly in light of the difficult market conditions facing the industry. The same operating disciplines that drove our strong sales and profit improvement in the more robust market environment earlier this decade also helped us to successfully manage the company through the soft patch we encountered this past year. Our long-range growth plans remain on course, and once again we made mean- ingful progress toward those plans over the past year.
PAINT STORES GROUP
Net sales for our Paint Stores Group increased 2.3% to $4.96 billion in 2007. Segment profit increased 6.5% to $766.5 million, and segment profit margin for the year improved to 15.5% of sales from 14.9% in 2006.
Our paint stores serve two major customer segments in the North American coatings market: architectural paint customers and industrial maintenance and marine coatings users. While the double-digit declines in new home construction and existing home sales depressed sales volumes in certain segments of the architectural paint market, demand in the commercial construction and maintenance markets and industrial maintenance coatings markets remained strong.
During the year, Paint Stores Group completed the acquisitions of M.A. Bruder & Sons Incorporated, headquartered in the Philadelphia, PA area, and Columbia Paint & Coatings Co., headquartered in Spokane, WA. M.A. Bruder services the professional painting contractor, builder and do-it-yourself markets through 131 company-owned stores in the eastern and southeastern United States. Columbia is a leading manufacturer and distributor of paints and coatings with 41 company-owned stores in the western and
pacific northwestern regions of the United States. Combined, these acquisitions increased net sales for the Group 1.9% for the year, but reduced segment operating profit by 2.2%.
In 2007, we opened 107 net new paint stores. At year- end, the combination of acquisitions and organic store openings boosted our store count to 3,325 stores in the
Sales increased to $8.0 billion for the first time in our history.
U.S. and Canada compared to 3,046 at the end of 2006. Paint Stores Group continued to introduce new prod- ucts for the architectural and industrial maintenance and
marine markets in 2007. The focus of our product devel- opment effort is on formulating coatings that require less labor to apply, look better and protect longer than the generation of products they replace.
Increasingly, these new product introductions are focused on providing “green” solutions to our cus- tomers. Sherwin-Williams is proud of the significant line-up of products developed over the past several years that meet, and often exceed, our nation’s most stringent environmental regulations. Sales of our “green” prod- ucts are growing rapidly as architects, designers, building owners and painting contractors are looking for opportunities to protect our planet. We are proud to put our name on these products, not only because they qualify as “green,” but also because they qualify as Sherwin-Williams coatings, providing the superior level of application and performance characteristics our cus- tomers have come to expect and demand from us.
CONSUMER GROUP
External net sales for our Consumer Group decreased 3.9 percent to $1.31 billion for the year, primarily as a result of sluggish sales to Do-It-Yourself customers industry-
Earnings per share increased 12 percent to $4.70 per share.
wide. Segment profit for the year increased $9.9 million, or 4.6%, to $224.2 million. Segment profit margin on external sales improved to 17.1% from 15.7% in 2006.
Our Consumer Group fulfills a dual mission for the company – supplying branded and private label products to retailers throughout North America and supporting
    3
       
                                         our Paint Stores Group with new product research and development, manufacturing, distribution and logistics. The division operates 27 manufacturing plants and 10 distribution centers in North America and maintains one of the largest, most advanced research and development facility of its kind in the world.
This past year, two of our distribution centers and one manufacturing plant earned the Occupational Safety & Health Administration’s prestigious Voluntary Protec-
3,325 company- operated paint stores.
tion Program (VPP) certification. VPP status is granted to companies that implement comprehensive worksite safety and health management systems, including per- formance-based criteria, and assess results against these criteria. This brings the total number of VPP certified Sherwin-Williams facilities to 13, more than any other paint manufacturer in North America. Less than one- tenth of one percent of all work sites in America qualify as OSHA VPP sites.
The broad assortment of name brand and private label products sold by Consumer Group give our company a major retail presence in the U.S. coatings market. Popular brand-name products like Dutch Boy®, Pratt & Lambert®, Krylon®, Minwax®, Thompson’s® WaterSeal®, Purdy® and more, all manufactured by Consumer Group, are stocked in two out of every three paint and coatings outlets nationwide. Of roughly 56,000 retail outlets in the U.S. that sell coatings or coatings related products, about 35,000 of these outlets offer one or more product lines manufactured by our Consumer Group.
Generated $874.5 million in net operating cash.
In September, Consumer Group completed the acqui- sition of the VHT® brand of automotive specialty aerosol coatings. The VHT® brand occupies a unique niche with its “very high temperature” technology and products like Flame Proof and High Temperature Engine Enamel sold through specialty distributors and speed shops. The com- bination of our Dupli-Color® brand and VHT® brand will create a powerful portfolio of high-temperature coatings and unique specialty finishes for the automotive aftermarket segment.
GLOBAL GROUP
Net external sales for our Global Group increased $138.0 million, or 8.7%, to $1.73 billion in 2007. Sales in local currency grew 5.3% for the year due primarily to volume growth from all operations worldwide, selling price increases and acquisitions. Global Group segment profit for the year increased $30.3 million, or 23.2%, to $160.7 million. Segment profit as a percent of external sales improved to 9.3% from 8.2% in 2006.
Sherwin-Williams products are currently available in a growing number of countries worldwide. In addition to our well-established operations in countries like Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Mexico, England and Ireland, we are expanding our presence in many emerging, high-growth markets around the world. We added 50 net new paint stores, automotive finishes branches and OEM finishes facilities during the year, bringing our total to 519, expanding our powerful controlled distribution model both domestically as well as around the world.
This past year, we also completed four strategically important acquisitions in our Global Group. In April 2007, we acquired Nitco Paints, a manufacturer and distributor of exterior architectural coatings in Mumbai, India. Nitco is the Company’s first foray into India, and we are excited about the growth opportunities this new market offers. During the year, we also acquired Pin- turas Industriales, an industrial paint company headquartered in Montevideo, Uruguay, and NAPKO, an industrial maintenance coatings company in Monter- rey, Mexico. At the end of the year, we acquired Flex Recubrimientos, Acabados Automotrices and related companies also located in Monterrey, Mexico. These privately owned companies are leading manufacturers and distributors of automotive after-market body fillers, putties, primers and other vehicle refinish products to the Mexican market.
Our Global Group supplies automotive coatings to col- lision repair shops and vehicle refinishers in 64 countries worldwide. In September, we celebrated the opening of our 200th automotive branch in North America, and we finished the year with 208. We also launched AWXTM, a waterborne product line that reduces VOC emissions by 96% compared to solvent borne basecoat technologies.
Global Group also sells a broad range of solvent- based and waterborne liquid, powder and UV-curable coatings for Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) applications. Manufacturers of products ranging from furniture to electronics, cabinets to machinery, building products to military equipment apply our coatings to
   4
        
                                        their products to enhance appearance, increase durability and improve performance. In 2007, we introduced over 30 new and improved products to the factory-applied finishes market and significantly increased our business outside of North America. Our most recent wave of research among OEM customers yielded an overall satis- faction rating above 95%.
LEAD PIGMENT LITIGATION
Last year we reported on our ongoing lead pigment lit- igation and specifically on the February 2006 verdict in Rhode Island that found three defendant companies – Millennium Holdings, NL Industries and Sherwin- Williams – responsible for creating a public nuisance. This was the first and only time that proceedings of this nature found against former manufacturers of lead pigment. On March 16, 2007, the three defendants filed a Notice of Appeal to the Rhode Island Supreme Court. We expect this appeal to be heard during 2008.
Significant rulings in similar public nuisance lawsuits in other jurisdictions during the past year underscore the aberrational nature of the Rhode Island verdict. In June, the Supreme Courts of Missouri and New Jersey upheld lower court dismissals of public nuisance lawsuits against former manufacturers of lead pigment. The Missouri Supreme Court ruled that the plaintiffs were required to identify the defendant that made or sold the product at properties abated by the City. The Supreme Court in New Jersey ruled that the appropriate target of the abatement and enforcement scheme must be the property owners whose conduct has, effectively, created the nuisance.
These important rulings strengthen our resolve to defend the Company against these inappropriate law- suits. The historical record is clear that the industry,
and specifically Sherwin-Williams, have always acted responsibly and lawfully. Our arguments, and more importantly our actions, are solid and on the right side of the law, and we will continue to vigorously defend the Company against these misguided attacks.
OUTLOOK FOR 2008
Our outlook for the business remains guardedly posi- tive despite our expectation that the weakness in the domestic coatings market will continue through 2008. The demand for architectural coatings used in new resi- dential construction will likely remain soft throughout the year. The residential repaint business is also likely to show some weakness due to the decline in existing home turnover. These markets will primarily affect our Paint
Stores Group. Sales momentum in the Do-It-Yourself market is expected to remain slow, which will be a drag on the Consumer Group. Despite the weakness we antic- ipate in the residential markets, we believe many market segments we serve will show improvement in 2008.
29 consecutive years of dividend growth.
We believe our continued focus on serving the painting contractor – the fastest growing segment of the market – and our new store opening program at home and abroad will enable us to continue to outperform the market. We are further encouraged by the positive trends we have seen in our global OEM finishes, industrial maintenance and automotive refinish businesses over the past year. All of these factors give us good reason to believe 2008 will be another year of progress for our company.
Once again, Fortune magazine named The Sherwin-Williams Company to their list of the “100 Best Companies to Work For.” Our continued growth depends on our ability to attract and retain the best and brightest talent in our industry. Being named to this
13.2 million shares repurchased for treasury.
prestigious list carries significant weight with prospective employees and affirms that our current employees recognize the quality work environment we have all worked so hard to create.
On behalf of the men and women of The Sherwin- Williams Company around the world, we offer our thanks and appreciation to our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued trust and confidence.
Christopher M. Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
John G. Morikis
President and Chief Operating Officer
       5
       