LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
 Christopher M. Connor,
(left) Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and John G. Morikis, President and Chief Operating Officer
  WE ARE PLEASED TO REPORT ANOTHER
record year for The Sherwin-Williams Company. In 2006, the Company achieved record sales, earnings and net operating cash. On the strength of this performance, we increased our dividend for the 28th consecutive year.
Consolidated net sales for the year grew 8.6 percent to $7.8 billion. Net income increased more than 24 percent to $576.1 million and diluted net income per common share reached $4.19 per share, an increase of 27.7 percent.
Net operating cash flow for the year exceeded $815 million, or more than ten percent of sales. This strong cash flow was achieved through a combination of improved prof- itability and continued stringent working capital management. Our working capital ratio—defined as accounts receivable plus inventories less accounts payable to sales— improved to 11.7 percent in 2006 from 12.5 percent in 2005. This reduction in working capital is further evidence of our successful integration of the two major acquisitions we completed late in 2004.
During the year, we invested $209.9 million in capital expenditures to increase our manu- facturing capacity and enhance the productivity of our existing facilities. In August, we began manufacturing latex paint in our new, state-of-the-art emulsion plant in Fernley, Nevada. This new facility significantly increases our capacity to serve the growing markets in the western United States.
We also continued our long-standing practice of returning a portion of the cash we gener- ate to shareholders through treasury stock purchases and dividends. The Company purchased 5.6 million shares of its common stock in the open market during 2006. We increased our
    
 cash dividend for the 28th consecutive year, to $1.00 per share, up eighteen cents over 2005. For 2007, we will recommend to our Board of Directors a continuation of our policy of paying out approximately 30 percent of prior year’s diluted net income per share in the form of a cash dividend. This would result in a quarterly dividend of $0.315 per share, or $1.26 per share for the year, an increase of 26 percent over 2006.
Beginning in the first quarter of 2006, we realigned the business segments we use to make operating decisions, set goals, assess performance and allocate resources. This realignment resulted in three reportable operating segments—Paint Stores Group, Consumer Group and Global Group. The Global Group consoli- dates certain business units that have foreign or worldwide operations that were previously part of
the Paint Stores, Consumer, Automotive Finishes and International Coatings segments.
PAINT STORES GROUP
Net sales for our Paint Stores Group increased 11.3 percent to $4.84 billion in 2006. Comparable store sales grew by 9.1 percent during the year. Segment profit increased 26.5 percent to $719.9 million. Segment profit margin for the full year 2006 improved to 14.9 percent of sales from 13.1 percent in 2005.
Our paint stores serve two major customer seg- ments in the North American coatings market: architectural paint customers and industrial mainte- nance and marine coatings users. We achieved solid growth in both of these segments during the year, and we made progress on several initiatives that will posi- tion us well for the future.
In 2006, we opened 120 new stores and closed three, resulting in a net increase of 117 stores. At year-end,
we had 3,046 stores in North America compared to 2,929 at the end of 2005. In 2007, we will continue to aggressively pursue our goal of 3 percent annual growth in store count, opening in the range of 100-plus net
new stores.
Opening new stores at this pace requires a ready pool
of talented, well-trained people to run them. In 2006, we recruited and hired more than 700 college graduates into our Management Training Program and began grooming them for managerial responsibilities. The combination of professional skills training and career path development
in our Paint Stores Group has resulted in high employee satisfaction and retention of our key field employees well over 90 percent. This high rate of employee retention leads to high customer satisfaction and loyalty.
The strong growth we have sustained in the Paint Stores Group is also the result of our focus on providing professional coatings customers with innovative, techno- logically advanced products designed to maximize the success of their business. In 2006, several of these prod- uct introductions demonstrated our leadership in the “green” architectural coatings market with environmen- tally friendly, high-performance products. In industrial maintenance and marine market applications, we remain at the forefront in developing corrosive inhibiting, fast- curing environmentally friendly waterborne products. Our stores also continue to serve do-it-yourself (DIY) customers by providing knowledgeable advice and time- saving, easy-to-use products that deliver long-lasting beauty to their homes.
SALES INCREASED TO $7.8 BILLION, AND EARNINGS ROSE 24.3 PERCENT.
CONSUMER GROUP
External net sales for our Consumer Group decreased 1.9 percent to $1.36 billion for the year, primarily as a result of sluggish sales to DIY customers and the elimi- nation of a portion of a paint program with a large retail customer. Segment profit for the year increased $43.1 million, or 25.2 percent, to $214.2 million. Segment profit as a percent of external sales improved to 15.7 percent from 12.3 percent in 2005. This significant improvement in segment profit was the result of selling price increases, tight spending control and volume-driven manufacturing efficiencies. Segment profit in 2005 was reduced by a $22.0 million goodwill impairment charge reflecting the anticipated reduction in business with the major retail customer mentioned above.
Our Consumer Group fulfills a dual mission for the company—supplying branded and private label prod- ucts to retailers throughout North America and
 3
     
 supporting our Paint Stores Group with manufacturing, distribution and logistics and new product research and development.
The broad assortment of name brand and private label products sold by the Consumer Group give our company a major retail presence in the U.S. coatings
GENERATED $815.8 MILLION IN NET OPERATING CASH.
market. Popular brand-name products like Dutch Boy®, Pratt & Lambert®, Krylon®, Minwax®, Thompson’s® WaterSeal®, Purdy® and more, all manufactured by the Consumer Group, are stocked in two out of every three paint and coatings outlets nationwide. Of roughly 56,000 retail outlets in the U.S. that sell coatings or coatings related products, about 35,000 of these outlets offer one or more product lines manufactured and sold by our Consumer Group.
Consumer Group services these external retail cus- tomers as well as our Paint Stores Group through a single, highly efficient supply chain. The group operates 28 manufacturing plants, 10 distribution centers and a large trucking fleet in North America, and maintains the largest, most advanced research and development facility of its kind in the world.
28 CONSECUTIVE YEARS OF DIVIDEND GROWTH.
GLOBAL GROUP
Net sales for our Global Group increased $153.7 mil- lion, or 10.7 percent, to $1.59 billion in 2006. Sales in local currency grew 8.2 percent for the year due primarily to volume growth from all operations worldwide and selling price increases. Global Group segment profit for the year increased $28.4 million, or 27.9 percent, to $130.4 million. Segment profit as a percent of external
sales improved to 8.2 percent from 7.1 percent in 2005. This improvement was mostly attributable to increased sales, operating efficiencies related to increased volume and expense control.
Sherwin-Williams products are currently available in more than 20 countries worldwide. In addition to our well established operations in countries like Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Mexico and the UK, our presence in Southeast Asia continues to grow. Our Global Group continued its aggressive program of new branch open- ings within and outside North America, adding 41 net new branches. We invested prudently in new product development for automotive finishes and in our color matching capabilities and resources. Sherwin-Williams automotive finishes continues to be the coatings of choice in motorsports as a key partner for the Champ Car Series and several Nextel Cup teams. Original equip- ment manufacturers (OEM) are very familiar with our chemical coatings line of solvent-based and waterborne liquid, powder and UV-curable coatings. In 2006, we introduced 20 new products to the factory-applied fin- ishes market and opened a new warehouse complex at our manufacturing site in China.
MANAGEMENT CHANGES
In April, Arthur F. Anton was elected to our Board of Directors. Mr. Anton is President and Chief Executive Officer of Swagelok Company, a leading manufacturer and provider of innovative fluid system products, services and solutions to a wide range of global industries. His expertise in corporate finance and management is a welcome addition to our board, and we look forward to receiving many years of his valuable insight and counsel. This appointment brings the total number of board members to 11, and the number of independent
directors to 10.
In October, our Board of Directors appointed John G.
Morikis as President and Chief Operating Officer. John has held many key positions during his twenty-two year career with Sherwin-Williams, most recently as President of the Paint Stores Group. His success over the years can be credited to his in-depth understanding of the coatings market, his focus on meeting customer needs and his dedication to hiring and developing terrific management teams. In his new role, John will assume responsibility for all operating segments of the Company. We are confident that John will bring the same energy and
   4
        
 passion to this new role, and he will help us continue to meet the expectations of our customers, shareholders and employees.
Steven J. Oberfeld was appointed to succeed John as President of the Paint Stores Group. Steve is also a twenty- two year employee of the Company, and has served as President & General Manager, South Western Division of the Paint Stores Group since 1992. He led the Com- pany’s growth in many of its largest architectural and industrial marine markets. We have great confidence in Steve to provide outstanding direction and leadership to the Paint Stores Group.
LEAD PIGMENT LITIGATION
On February 22, 2006, a jury in Rhode Island returned a verdict finding that the cumulative presence of lead pigment in paints and coatings on buildings throughout the state constitutes a public nuisance, and that three defendant companies—Millennium Holdings, NL Industries and Sherwin-Williams—caused or sub- stantially contributed to the creation of the public nuisance and should be ordered to abate it.
During trial, the Court ruled that the State’s claim for compensatory damages was insufficient and therefore was excluded. Following the verdict, the Court also ruled against assessing punitive damages.
The defendant companies filed numerous post-trial motions asking the court to enter a judgment for the defendants or, failing that, to order a new trial. On February 26, 2007, the Court issued a decision on the post-trial motions. Specifically, the Court denied the defendants’ motions for judgement and for a new trial, entered a judgement of abatement in favor of the State against the Company and the two other defendants, and will appoint a special master to assist the Court in its consideration of abatement and, if necessary, any moni- toring of the implementation of abatement. The Company intends to appeal the jury’s verdict and the Court’s decision.
This verdict is only one step in a long legal process. After seven years and two trials, there still remain a number of legal issues to be resolved in Rhode Island. The historical record is clear that the industry, and specifically Sherwin-Williams, have always acted responsibly and lawfully. Our arguments, and more importantly our actions, are solid and on the right side of the law, and we will continue to vigorously defend the Company against these misguided attacks.
OUTLOOK FOR 2007
Our outlook for the business remains positive despite two areas of relative weakness in the domestic coatings market. The demand for architectural coatings used in new residential construction softened throughout 2006 as the pace of housing starts slowed. This primarily affected our Paint Stores Group. Sales momentum in the DIY market also slowed, which was a drag on the Con-
EARNINGS PER SHARE INCREASED 27.7 PERCENT TO $4.19 PER SHARE.
sumer Group. Despite these soft patches in the market, the majority of our business remains strong.
Our continued focus on serving the painting contrac- tor—the fastest growing segment of the market—and our aggressive rate of new store openings at home and abroad will enable us to continue to grow faster than the market. We are further encouraged by the positive trends we have seen in our global OEM finishes, industrial maintenance and automotive refinish businesses over the past year. All of these factors give us good reason to be optimistic as we enter 2007.
On behalf of the men and women of The Sherwin- Williams Company around the world, we offer our thanks and appreciation to our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued trust and confidence.
Christopher M. Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
John G. Morikis
President and Chief Operating Officer
    5
     