 LETTER TO
SHAREHOLDERS
BY ALMOST ANY MEASURE, 2014 WAS A SUCCESSFUL YEAR FOR SHERWIN-WILLIAMS.
It was our fourth consecutive year of record sales and our third consecutive year of record earnings. Cash from operations surpassed $1 billion for the second straight year, which helped to fund dividend payments and share repurchases totaling $1.7 billion during the year. Total shareholder return in 2014 was
44.9 percent, and our average annual total shareholder return over the past five years was 35.6 percent.
Consolidated net sales increased 9.3 percent to finish the
year at $11.13 billion. Profit before taxes grew 15.9 percent to $1.26 billion, net income increased 15.1 percent to $865.9 million, and diluted net income per common share increased 20.9 percent to $8.78 per share. Our earnings per share results for the year include charges of $.22 per share related to environmental provisions and an $.18 per share EPS loss from the Comex acquisition completed in 2013, partially offset by an increase
of $.13 per share related to our legal settlement with a titanium dioxide supplier.
We generated $1.08 billion in net operating cash during the year, thanks in part to strong working capital management by all of our operating segments. In spite of a fourth-quarter inventory build to support the rollout of a new paint program at
Strong financial results were not our only success in 2014. We made progress on a number of initiatives that will strengthen our operations and provide significant momentum going into 2015.
The integration of the U.S. and Canadian businesses we acquired from Comex in 2013 is well underway. Over the past year, we stabilized sales volumes in these stores and significantly improved product assortment and product availability, all of which will result in a positive contribution to Paint Stores Group operating profit in 2015. Our Consumer Group is also benefiting from many of the branded product lines included in the acquisition, such as Duckback"' stains and sealers, and PARA¨ and LaurentideTM paints.
In August, we unveiled an organizational realignment that placed our Paint Stores Group and Latin America Coatings Group
Consolidated net sales increased 9.3 percent to finish the year at $11.13 billion. Profit before taxes grew 15.9 percent to $1.26 billion, net income increased 15.1 percent to $865.9 million, and diluted net income per common share increased 20.9 percent to $8.78 per share.
under a unified management team led by Jay Davisson. Although this change will not affect our reportable segments - Paint Stores Group and Latin America Coating Group will continue to be reported separately -
Lowe's in the spring of 2015, our year-end working capital ratio - accounts receivable plus inventory minus accounts payable, divided by sales - dropped to 10.1 percent of sales from 10.5 percent last year. This improvement reflects the progress our Paint Stores Group and Global Supply Chain teams have made in integrating the Comex acquisition.
The Company acquired 6.93 million shares of its common stock during the year at an average cost of $214.97 per share and a total investment of $1.49 billion. At year-end, we had remaining Board authorization to purchase an additional
5.23 million shares. We paid quarterly dividends totaling $2.20 per share, an increase of 10 percent over 2013, extending our string of dividend increases to 36 consecutive years.
At year-end, our total debt was $1.8 billion and cash on hand was $41 million, compared to a cash balance of $745 million at the end of 2013.
it will enable us to share expertise between the two business units and better leverage our operating, technical and supply chain resources, which will benefit both organizations in the long run.
In December, we announced our first-ever architectural paint program in Lowe's stores nationwide under the
HGTV HOME" by Sherwin-Williams label. This program will begin shipping in early spring 2015, just in time for the start of the painting season.
PAI NT STORE S GROUP
Our Paint Stores Group is the largest operator of specialty paint stores in North America, servicing the needs of architectural and industrial painting contractors and do-it-yourself homeowners. Net sales for the Group finished the year at $6.85 billion, an increase of 14.2 percent over 2013. Comparable-store sales -
2

 From left to right: Sean P. Hennessy, Senior Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Christopher M. Connor, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; John G. Morikis, President and Chief Operating Officer
sales by stores open more than 12 months - increased
8.8 percent during the year. The segment's profit increased 21.3 percent to $1.2 billion. As a percentage of sales, Paint Stores Group profit increased to a record 17.5 percent, up from the previous record of 16.5 percent set in 2013. Operating margin on core incremental sales was 41.9 percent.
In December, Paint Stores Group celebrated the opening of our 4,000th store location. For the year, we exceeded our initial expectation of opening 80 to 90 new stores and finished the year with 95 net new locations for a total of 4,003 stores in the U.S., Canada and the Caribbean. We remain confident that our goal of 5,000 locations in North America is realistic, and we expect to get closer to that goal by 100 to 110 stores in 2015. Given our outlook for future growth and expansion, we recruited a record 1,400 college graduates into our Management Training Program in 2014.
During the year, we closed 12 of the acquired Comex stores, leaving a total of 294 in operation. This number of closings is low by historical standards for an acquisition of this type, and reflects the good geographic fit of the Comex store footprint. Approximately 100 of these locations have been fully converted to Sherwin-Williams stores, and our goal is to convert the majority of the remaining locations in 2015.
The J.D. Power 2014 Paint Satisfaction Study'" ranked Sherwin-Williams "Highest in Customer Satisfaction with Paint Retailers, Two Years in a Row." We also ranked "Highest in Customer Satisfaction among Exterior Paints," which was a new segment for J.D. Power in 2014.
LATIN AMERICA COATINGS GROUP
Our Latin America Coatings Group sells a variety of architectural paint, coatings and related products throughout Latin America.
Sherwin-Williams'" and other controlled-brand products are distributed through company-operated specialty paint stores and by a direct sales staff and outside sales representatives to retailers, dealers, licensees and other third-party distributors.
In 2014, unfavorable currency exchange rates in many Latin American countries once again posed a significant challenge
to our results in the region. Net sales decreased 7.3 percent to $771.4 million, despite our efforts to offset currency devaluation through selling price increases. Currency translation decreased sales in U.S. dollars by 12.3 percent during the year. Latin America Coatings Group segment profit in U.S. dollars increased to
$40.5 million from $38.6 million in 2013. Unfavorable currency translation decreased profit by $15.7 million in 2014. In 2013, we incurred charges of $31.6 million to satisfy tax assessments in Brazil. Segment profit as a percentage of net sales was
5.2 percent in 2014 compared to 4.6 percent in 2013.
At the end of the year, we had 276 company-operated Sherwin-Williams stores in Latin America, which is a net reduction of six locations. At the same time, we expanded our dedicated dealer program, adding 11 new stores in Brazil, 13 in Argentina, one in Uruguay, and 47 in Mexico for a total of 646 dedicated dealer locations. The total number of dedicated Sherwin-Williams outlets in Latin America increased to 922 at the end of 2014 compared with 869 at the end of the prior year.
We expanded our popular Painter Academy training and relationship-building program throughout the region, reaching more than 8,000 painting contractors and paint dealer store personnel during the year. The course is designed to develop application skills and techniques, and familiarize participants with the superior performance of Sherwin-Williams' products.

 CONSUMER GROUP
The Consumer Group fulfills a dual mission for the Company: supplying branded and private-label products to retailers throughout North America, and supporting our other businesses around the world with new product research and development, manufacturing, distribution, and logistics.
In 2014, Consumer Group sales increased 5.9 percent
to $1.42 billion, helped in large part by sales from acquisitions that augmented low-single-digit organic revenue growth. Acquisitions increased net sales by 3.4 percent. Segment profit increased 4.5 percent to $252.9 million, as sales and operating efficiencies from higher manufacturing volume more than offset fourth-quarter expenses related to the HGTV HOME"
by Sherwin-Williams paint program at Lowe's. Segment profit margin contracted modestly to 17.8 percent of sales from
18.0 percent in 2013.
The HGTV HOME"' by Sherwin-Williams paint program
will be available at Lowe's stores and on Lowes.com beginning in March 2015. The program will feature new and improved interior and exterior paint lines available at both Sherwin-Williams company stores and Lowe's stores nationwide, plus exclusive line extensions available at Lowe's. The HGTV HOME"' by Sherwin- Williams color palette will offer 16 designer-inspired color collections - eight of which are exclusive to Lowe's.
The Consumer Group leads our worldwide architectural coatings research and development effort, and manages a highly efficient global supply chain consisting of 65 manufacturing plants and 37 distribution centers. This talented team is responsible for the integration of the Comex manufacturing and distribution facilities in the U.S. and Canada. To date, 28 of our manufacturing and distribution sites have earned the Star certification from the Occupational Safety &Health Administration (OSHA) Voluntary Protection Programs, more than any other paint manufacturer in North America. In 2014, our company-operated transport fleet received a First Place Award for accident prevention from the National Private Truck Council, an impressive feat for a fleet that drove a record 56 million miles last year.
GLOBAL FINISHES GROUP
The Global Finishes Group manufactures and sells industrial coatings, automotive finishes, and protective and marine coatings to a growing customer base in nearly 100 countries around the world. We go to market through independent retailers, jobbers and distributors as well as through our company-operated branches. Acquisitions have played a particularly important role in this segment in recent years, bringing new technology and needed capacity to key geographic regions.
Net sales for our Global Finishes Group increased 3.8 percent to $2.08 billion in 2014, despite a 1.6 percent drag from
currency valuation. Segment profit increased 17.9 percent to $201.1 million as a result of increased operating efficiencies, selling price increases and a $6.3 million gain on the early termination of a customer agreement, which were partially offset by $13.5 million of unfavorable currency translation.
Global Finishes Group profit as a percentage of net sales increased 120 basis points to 9.7 percent from 8.5 percent in 2013.
We continue to strengthen and expand our industrial coatings capabilities in Europe and Asia, particularly in metal and plastics coatings. Our new lab in Wuppertal, Germany will provide technical support to our sales teams in Central Europe, as we introduce several new products to meet the needs of customers in the general finishing, heavy equipment and electronics markets, and satisfy ever-changing global OEM specifications.
In automotive finishes, we launched Formula Express" 2.0, our next-generation global online color formula retrieval system for Collision and Custom Paint Shops. It works with both mobile and tablet fonnats, has global language capabilities, and integrates seamlessly with Collision Shop Management Systems.
Our protective and marine coatings business was recognized during the year by both the Society for Protective Coatings (SSPC) and the U.S. military. SSPC selected the Fremont
Bridge project in Seattle for outstanding achievement in the completion of a complex industrial coatings project. Due to the frequent wind and rain in Seattle, a Sherwin-Williams moisture- cured coating system was specified on the project. The military honored us with the Military Coatings Excellence Award in recognition of exceptional coatings work performed on U.S. military ships, structures or facilities - in this case, our work on the USS Ronald Reagan.
BOARD & MANAGEMENT CHANGES
At our annual meeting of shareholders in April 2014, Christine A. Poon was elected to our Board of Directors and appointed to the Audit and Nominating and Corporate Governance committees. Christine is a Professor of Management and Human Resources at the The Max M. Fisher College of Business at The Ohio State University, where she served as Dean and John W. Berry, Sr. Chair in Business from 2009 to 2014. She came to Fisher after
a 30-year career in the healthcare industry, most recently as Vice Chairman and Worldwide Chairman of Pharmaceuticals
at Johnson &Johnson. Her broad experience in domestic and international business operations and sales and marketing will serve our Board and shareholders well. We look forward to her contributions to Sherwin-Williams for many years.
4

         In July, Matthew Thornton Ill, Senior Vice President, U.S. Operations, FedEx Express, was elected to our Board of Directors and also appointed to the Audit Committee. Matt brings more than 35 years of general management and operations experience at Federal Express to the Board. He will add a valuable perspective, and we look forward to his contributions and guidance to Sherwin-Williams and our shareholders for many years to come.
These two appointments bring the total number of board members to 10 and the number of independent directors to nine. We made several key management appointments during the
year. Tim Knight was named Senior Vice President-Administration, with responsibility for a number of corporate functions, including our Global Real Estate platform. Tim joined Sherwin-Williams in 1994 and has held a wide range of leadership roles, most recently President, Latin America Coatings Group, where he drove the regionalization process that will enable us to better integrate Latin America Coatings Group with Paint
the year. The drop in the price of crude oil, if sustained, will no doubt have a positive impact on petrochemical-based materials such as latex and solvents, but these commodities will not necessarily move in a linear relationship with crude. The price of high-grade chloride titanium dioxide held steady over the back half of 2014, and soft order volumes and excess inventories suggest pricing should remain stable for the foreseeable future. Based on these factors, we expect average year-over-year raw material costs for the paint and coatings industry to be down
in the low-single-digit percentage range in 2015.
We are well positioned to benefit from the trends we see in the market. Our continued focus on better serving a diverse
and increasingly global professional customer base, expanding our distribution domestically and abroad, developing new and innovative products, managing expenses and working capital, generating cash, and continuing to invest in our people will enable us to grow and prosper in the year ahead. We are equally
Stores Group.
David Sewell was promoted to the
As we move ahead into 2015, paint and coatings demand in most domestic markets looks encouraging. Residential starts and existing home turnover gained momentum in the fourth quarter, which bodes well for the coming year.
position of President, Global Finishes Group.
David joined Sherwin-Williams in 2007 as
Vice President of Marketing for the
Automotive Division, and was most recently the President & General Manager for the Product Finishes Division. In that
role, David and the Product Finishes Division have made good progress in integrating our EMEA (Europe, Middle East, Africa) and APAC (Asia Pacific) businesses while showing strong growth domestically.
confident that these same factors will continue to produce superior results and returns for our shareholders over the long term.
To all of the dedicated employees of Sherwin-Williams
around the world, I offer my heartfelt thanks for your hard work, skills and commitment. We have the best team in the business, and you make the difference in our success. On behalf of all Sherwin-Williams employees, we offer our thanks and appreciation to our shareholders, customers and suppliers for your continued trust and confidence.
Christopher M. Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
These executives have proven themselves to be skilled business managers and outstanding leaders over their tenures with the Company. They bring impressive records of accomplishment to their new roles.
OUTLOOK FOR 2015
As we move ahead into 2015, paint and coatings demand
in most domestic markets looks encouraging. Residential starts and existing home turnover gained momentum in the fourth quarter, which bodes well for the coming year. Contracts for new non-residential projects increased 7 percent in square footage terms in 2014, and the pace of demand growth in segments such as office, hospitality, manufacturing and warehousing, and apartment buildings remains strong.
Outside the U.S., it appears likely that sluggish market conditions and currency devaluation in Europe and many Latin American countries will remain a challenge.
Our raw materials basket, which comprises roughly
85 percent of cost of goods sold, has many moving parts but, in total, we believe we are likely to see declining input costs for
