 to
to
  our shareholders
   In 2000, The Sherwin-Williams Company posted record sales of $5.2 billion repre- senting a 4.2 percent improvement over last year, our strongest sales performance in the past several years. Our net income, excluding a one-time charge for the impairment of long-lived assets, also set
a new high at $309.7 million, a 1.9 per- cent increase over 1999’s performance. Earnings per share from operations, prior to the asset impairment charge, improved 5.6 percent from $1.80 in 1999 to $1.90 in 2000. This represents our 23rd consecu- tive year of improvement in earnings from operations. This past year we also increas- ed the dividend for our 22nd consecutive year. As a sign of the Company’s confi- dence in our future and in the value of our stock, we purchased 6.8 million shares of our stock on the open market for treasury. The price of our stock at year-end com- pared to last year was up over 25 pecent.
Despite these positive results, we were disappointed with our performance in 2000. We expected to do better and fell short in a number of areas. This past year we experienced significant raw material cost increases driven by a sharp run up in the price of oil. Management reacted quickly by implementing selective mid- year price increases in some of our oper- ating segments and making tough cuts in spending in all of our segments. However, we were not able, in the short term, to overcome the severity of these increases and margins suffered. We also experi-
enced a slow down in the demand for our products over the second half of the year. Even though we believe that we contin- ued to gain market share in most product categories, our sales results lagged behind our expectations. There were a number of positive results in our operat- ing segments that give us confidence as we begin 2001.
Paint Stores Segment
2000 marked the twentieth consecutive year of improved sales results from our Paint Stores Segment. Net sales increased 6.1 percent to $3.2 billion while compara- ble-store net sales improved by 3.7 percent. Operating profit rose 9.2 percent to $411.5 million. Gallon gains were posted in the architectural, industrial and marine and chemical coatings categories.
While servicing do-it-yourself customers remains an important part of our architec- tural coatings mission, we are increasingly focused on the professional painting con- tractor market. There has been a signifi- cant increase in the purchase of architec- tural gallons by painting contractors. This shift is driven by the demographic changes in our country as our population ages and has less free time to tackle major projects around the home. We are further encour- aged by the fact that painting contractors continue to purchase almost all of their product requirements from the paint store channel. Our 2,488 company paint stores throughout North America give us
a significant advantage over all other paint store competitors serving profes- sional painting contractors.
As a critical component of this contractor focused strategy, we remain committed to expanding our network of company paint stores. This past year, we opened 92 net new stores, providing more convenient access to every customer in these neigh- borhoods. Included in this number are nine stores acquired from the Norfolk Paint Company in Norfolk, Virginia that now proudly offer Sherwin-Williams® products. In addition to new stores, this Segment added 70 new sales representa- tives and launched 35 new products, strengthening our commitment to be
the service and technology leader in our industry.
This past year, our industrial and marine business continued to be an important growing part of our Company. The acquisi- tion of the business of General Polymers Corporation added a full line of industrial floor coatings to our existing broad line of industrial products. Our chemical coatings business also posted improved results as we accelerated our original equipment manufacturer specification approval process, launched new products and successfully grew our powder coat- ings business.
We believe the internet will play an increasing role in helping paint cus- tomers choose a supplier. Last year,
 The Sherwin-Williams Company 2000 Annual Report|3
 color on this page
ColorAnswers SW1810 Star Sapphire

   we made substantial progress in evolving our award-winning web site from a compre- hensive information source to an e-busi- nessplatformforprofessionalcustomers. A select group of diverse professional customers took part in a pilot program to help us design a site that serves a broad range of their business needs. In the years ahead, we will continue to enhance this site and expand the service to a significant number of our professional customers.
Consumer Segment
Net sales for our Consumer Segment ended the year at $1.2 billion, essentially flat with last year’s performance. More disappointing, operating profit declined 8.0 percent to $142.5 million, excluding the asset impairment charge. Our poor performance in this Segment reflects our lackluster sales and inability to pass on raw material cost increases to our cus- tomers in a timely fashion.
In addition, certain parts of our Consumer Segment, specifically Pratt & Lambert, Thompson’s and Cleaning Solutions, lacked the past financial performance or management’s expectations of future cash flow to support the carrying value of certain long-lived assets, particularly goodwill, resulting in a $293.6 million after-tax write off for impaired long-lived assets ($1.80 per diluted share on an annual basis). This one-time charge had no cash effect on our Company in 2000.
After a year like this, it is important that management reacts, makes changes and moves in a different direction. We have done that. We have made organization and management changes to reduce the com- plexity of our operation, gain greater focus on individual product lines and further reduce costs. As a result, we have created three operating units within this Segment.
The Wood Care Business Unit will be responsible for the sales, marketing, manufacturing and technical develop- ment of our Thompson’s®, Minwax® and Formby’s® product lines. Harvey Sass, Senior Vice President - Wood Care, will head this organization.
Our Diversified Brands Business Unit will be responsible for the sales, marketing, manufacturing and technical development ofourKrylon® andRedDevil® brandsof aerosol and small package paint, our industrial, automotive and custom-filled aerosol products, our White Lightning® brand of caulks and sealants and our applicator business. This business will be managed by Tim Knight, Senior Vice President – Diversified Brands.
The Consumer Division will be responsi- ble for the sales and marketing of our branded and private label architectural coatings other than the Sherwin- Williams® brand. These names include Dutch Boy®, Pratt & Lambert® and Martin Senour®, as well as nationally recognized private label and licensed brands. This Division will continue to be responsible for the manufacturing and technical development for all architectural and industrial and marine coatings for our Company domestically. Tom Seitz, President & General Manager, Consumer Division, will lead this team.
In addition to these organizational changes, two non-core business units in the Consumer Segment are currently being marketed for potential divestiture. We believe the Cleaning Solutions and Graphic Arts businesses will perform better within an organization where their focus relates more closely to the core function of a potential acquirer.
The Consumer Segment has a portfolio
of outstanding brand names and relation- ships with the top retailers in our country. We expect these changes will improve our ability to react quickly to changing market conditions and bring a heightened sense of urgency to required improvements.
Automotive Finishes Segment
The Automotive Finishes Segment ended the year with $493.4 million in net sales for a 4.8 percent improvement. Operating profit declined to $61.3 million from $66.5 million in 1999. Operating profit was negatively impacted in 2000 by a $6.8 million provision for the disposition
of the Chicago and Troy technical facili- ties as the Segment moved to its new state-of-the-art automotive technology centerinWarrensvilleHeights,Ohio.This new facility will improve the efficiency and productivity of our automotive finish- es product development effort.
In 2000, the Automotive Finishes Segment expanded its distribution net- work through both company branches and independent distributors. Three net new Sherwin-Williams branches were opened or acquired bringing our total to 175 facili- ties. The acquisition of ScottWarren S.p.A. in Italy, a manufacturer of automotive coatings for the collision repair market, provides a solid base upon which to grow our presence in Europe and enhances our color match capability for all European automobile makes.
The Automotive Finishes Segment begins 2001 under new leadership. Ron Nandor has been promoted back into this Segment to the position of President & General Manager, Automotive Division, after a successful assignment as Executive Vice President - Marketing
of our Paint Stores Group.
International Coatings Segment
2000 proved to be another difficult year for our International Coatings Segment. Net sales improved 2.6 percent to $307.0 million, but operating profit declined by 47.9 percent to finish at $17.7 million. A harsh economic climate in South America negatively impacted our performance in the entire region, most notably in Argentina. In the United Kingdom, an extended truck strike, poor weather and rising oil prices took their toll on our Ronseal operations.
Despite our results in this Segment, we remain optimistic about our growth prospects in these markets over time. Last year, Sherwin-Williams and our sub- sidiaries introduced 60 products to meet specific coatings needs in these countries, with much of the technology transferred from our domestic operations. In Brazil, the acquisition of Pulverlack Tintas Ltda.,
   4|The Sherwin-Williams Company 2000 Annual Report

   a powder coatings manufacturer, strength- ens our industrial position in this region.
A key management change was made in our International Coatings Segment as well. Mike Galasso was named President, International Division after his successful assignment as President & General Manager of our Automotive Division.
Outlook for 2001
While the economic climate does not look promising at the beginning of this new year, we look forward with optimism and confidence. This optimism and confi- dence comes from sound strategic plans in support of each of our Segments, a track record of past success and 26,000 employees committed to making this year better. We are focused on the significant opportunities we have to gain market share in every business segment regard- less of the economic environment.
Management Changes
This past year, we said goodbye to two long-time leaders of our Company. Don Fields retired after 46 years of service, most recently as President of our International Division. Don’s steady hand touched many different divisions at Sherwin-Williams over his impressive career and he has made numerous signif- icant contributions. We wish Don and his
wife Joyce many years of continued good health and happiness.
Our long-time Chairman, Jack Breen, com- pleted the last phase of the Company’s orderly management succession plan as he stepped down from his position as Chairman of our Board of Directors. The legacy Jack leaves behind is impressive, beginning with the consecutive years of earnings growth and strong stock per- formance throughout his tenure. But more lasting for those of us who had the pleasure of knowing and working for him, will be the manner in which Jack conduct- ed his personal and business affairs. Words like integrity, honesty and morality
are ingrained in this Company as a result of Jack’s leadership. While he is missed on a daily basis, Jack continues to play an important role as an active member of our Board of Directors. We wish Jack and Mary Jane an active life, full of adventure, good health and happiness.
Every day our hard working team arrives at Sherwin-Williams commited to improv- ing your Company. We are blessed with the most dedicated and talented employ- ees in our industry. We are thankful for the loyalty of our customers and the sup- port of our suppliers. We are excited about our future, proud of our past and most appreciative of your continuing trust.
    Christopher M. Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Joseph M. Scaminace
President and Chief Operating Officer
The Sherwin-Williams Company 2000 Annual Report|5
