letter to sHareHolders
    From left to right:
John G. morikis,
President and chief operating officer
christopher m. connor,
chairman and chief executive officer
Sean p. hennessy
senior Vice President - Finance and chief Financial officer
 2
2010 waS a year oF Growth and proGreSS For the Sherwin-williams company. we finished the year with consolidated sales of $7.78 billion, an increase of 9.6 percent over 2009. For the first time in several years, all three of our reportable operating segments achieved organic sales growth. consolidated net income increased 6.1 percent
to $462.5 million from $435.8 million in 2009, and diluted net income per common share increased 11.4 percent to $4.21 from $3.78 per share in 2009.
These results were achieved in the face of some very significant challenges. The moderate increase in domestic paint and coatings demand early in the year combined with growing momentum in many markets outside the U.S. strained global raw material capacity, caus- ing severe shortages, rapid cost increases and manufacturer-imposed allocation of some key materials such as acrylic latex.
Our people reacted quickly and decisively to help minimize the impact of these short- ages on our customers and our business. We redistributed raw materials and finished goods between plants, distribution centers and stores, implemented priority production plans
and bought certain materials on the spot market to maintain acceptable service levels. The resulting increase in operating costs combined with rising raw material costs put pressure on our margins and we responded with appropriate price increases.
These stopgap measures were disruptive, but we remained focused on helping our customers succeed, growing market share, generating cash and deploying it in ways that enhance shareholder value. Cash from operations for the year was $707 million, or just
 
 over 9 percent of net sales. Our working capital ratio – accounts receivable plus inventories less accounts payable to sales – increased to 11.9 percent of sales at year-end from 10.7 percent at the end of 2009. If you adjust for the working capital from three acquisi- tions completed during the year, working capital was essentially flat to last year. Free cash flow, which is operating cash minus capital expenditures and divi- dends, was $425 million.
We completed three important acquisitions
in 2010 for a total investment of approximately $300 million. Sayerlack and Becker Acroma, two industrial wood finishes businesses with com- bined annual revenues of more than $440 million, strengthen our position in the global wood finish- ing market and provide research and development, manufacturing and distribution capabilities to sup- port our growth in Eastern and Western Europe and Asia. Pinturas Cóndor, a diversified coatings supplier with approximately $60 million in annual sales, establishes us as the market leader in archi- tectural paint in Ecuador.
During the year, we returned more than $530 mil- lion in cash to shareholders through treasury stock purchases and quarterly dividends. The Company acquired 5 million shares of its common stock on
the open market at an average cost of $75.14 per share. At year-end, we had remaining authoriza- tion to purchase an additional 5.75 million shares. We also increased our annual dividend two cents to $1.44, keeping our string of 32 consecutive years of increased dividends intact.
Our strong balance sheet and free cash flow enabled us to repurchase approximately $137 mil- lion in Sherwin-Williams bonds that mature in 2097. The cost of the call option warrants to pur- chase these bonds increased our interest expense for the year by approximately $22 million, which the Company will recoup through interest savings in just over two years. Repurchasing these bonds will reduce the average rate we pay on debt in the future and provide greater flexibility to take advantage of changing rate structures, fluctuating currencies and favorable terms.
Across all divisions we recruited more than 700 high-caliber people into our respected Management Training Programs and invested over $100 million in
research, development and commercialization of new product technologies. We are confident these invest- ments will benefit the Company in the near term and deliver appropriate returns in the long term.
paint StoreS Group
Our Paint Stores Group is the largest operator of specialty paint stores in North America, servicing the needs of architectural and industrial painting contrac- tors and do-it-yourself homeowners alike. Net sales for the Group finished the year at $4.38 billion, an increase of 4.1 percent from 2009. Comparable-store sales – sales by stores open more than 12 months
– increased 3.8 percent in the year. Profit for the
we completed three important acquisitions
in 2010 for a total investment of approximately $300 million and revenues of $500 million.
Group increased 3.2 percent to $619.6 million, but decreased as a percent of sales to 14.1 percent from 14.3 percent in 2009. The slight decline in profit margin was primarily the result of higher raw mate- rial costs.
Early signs of recovery in the domestic paint market were most evident in the repaint segments. Sales to do-it-yourself homeowners and painting con- tractors who specialize in repainting existing homes showed the greatest improvement during the year. Painting contractors who perform maintenance painting in non-residential buildings also reported
a moderate increase in activity in the second half
of 2010.
During the year, we opened 49 stores in new markets and consolidated an additional 13 redun- dant store locations, for a net increase of 36 new stores. Our store count in the U.S., Canada and the Caribbean now stands at 3,390 compared to 3,354 a year ago. In 2011, we expect our pace of new store openings to accelerate to between 50 and 60 net new locations.
   3

conSumer Group
Our Consumer Group fulfills a dual mission for
the Company – supplying branded and private label products to retailers throughout North America and supporting our Paint Stores Group with new product research and development, manufacturing, distribution and logistics. The group manages a highly efficient North American supply chain consisting of 35 manu- facturing plants and seven distribution centers and maintains one of the safest transport operations in the country. Under the direction of our Consumer Group, the Breen Technology Center in downtown Cleveland leads our world-wide architectural coatings research and development effort.
External net sales for our Consumer Group increased 5.9 percent to $1.30 billion from $1.23 bil- lion in 2009, reflecting moderately higher demand at some of the Segment’s retail, industrial and institution- al customers. Profit for the year increased 29.6 percent to $204.0 million and profit margin improved to 15.7 percent from 12.8 percent in 2009. The improvement in Consumer Group’s profitability was due primarily to higher sales, good expense control and cost savings resulting from manufacturing plant and warehouse closings completed during the prior year.
during the year we opened 42 net new paint stores and branches
worldwide, bringing our total to 3,954.
GloBal FiniSheS Group
Our Global Finishes Group manufactures and sells industrial coatings, automotive finishes, protective and marine coatings and architectural coatings to a grow- ing customer base around the world. We go to market through independent retailers, jobbers, licensees and other third party distributors, as well as through our company-operated branches. With the addition of the three acqusitions completed in 2010, our Global Fin- ishes Group is leading Sherwin-Williams’ expansion overseas with sales in more than 100 countries.
Net sales for our Global Finishes Group increased 26.5 percent to $2.09 billion. Acquisitions increased the Group’s sales in U.S. dollars by 14.8 percent and currency translation rate changes before acquisitions increased sales in U.S. dollars by 4.5 percent. Profit for the full year increased to $123.7 million from $65.0 million last year, primarily as a result of higher sales volume, good expense control and favorable currency rate changes that more than offset dilu-
tion from acquisitions and higher raw material costs. Acquisitions reduced profit $10.5 million in the year and currency translation increased profit $8.0 million. As a percent of net sales, the Global Finishes Group’s operating profit increased to 5.9 percent from 3.9 percent in 2009.
manaGement chanGeS
In November, Steve Oberfeld was appointed to the position of Senior Vice President, Corporate Planning and Development. In this role, Steve will be respon- sible for managing and implementing the Company’s merger and acquisition strategy and for supervising our strategic and operating planning process. Steve joined Sherwin-Williams in 1984 and served as Presi- dent of the Paint Stores Group since 2006. Thanks
to Steve’s leadership, Paint Stores Group is emerging from this historic recession with higher market share, a larger store base and is well prepared to capitalize on the domestic market recovery when it does occur.
Jay Davisson was appointed to succeed Steve as President of the Paint Stores Group. Jay is a twenty- four year veteran of the Company and served as President and General Manager, Southeastern Divi- sion of the Paint Stores Group since 1999. Through an aggressive store opening program and emphasis on the fastest growing customer segments, Jay led the Southeastern Division through a rapid period of expansion, outpacing the growth of the market and building Sherwin-Williams’ share in this important geographic region.
Tim Knight was appointed President of our Latin America Coatings Group. Tim joined Sherwin- Williams in 1998 and has held a variety of leadership positions, including President and General Manager of the Diversified Brands Division, President of our Inter- national Coatings Group and, most recently, Senior Vice President, Corporate Planning and Development.
   4

  Since 2006, as head of our mergers and acquisitions effort, Tim completed 14 transactions representing nearly $800 million in annual revenues.
These executives have proven themselves to be capable business managers and outstanding leaders over their tenures with the Company. Each brings an impressive record of accomplishments to his new role.
outlooK For 2011
If 2010 did mark the end of the four-year slide
in U.S. coatings industry volume, we believe the recovery from here is likely to be slow and erratic. Most forecasts for new domestic construction in the coming year call for modest increases from the low base established in 2010. Home maintenance and remodeling activity, which was a relative bright spot in 2010, should continue to improve with the overall economy and consumer confidence. Industrial coat- ings volumes will grow in line with the somewhat more robust recovery in manufacturing and infra- structure investment.
Over the past three years, we have worked hard to make Sherwin-Williams a leaner, financially stronger and more profitable company. We have fine-tuned our capital structure, reduced fixed costs, managed our SG&A expense and expanded our distribution platform domestically and abroad. These actions, along with our continued focus on serving a diverse
and increasingly global customer base, have posi- tioned us to perform well through the balance of this recession and outperform in a recovery. We are con- fident that 2011 will be another year of improvement for the Company.
across all divisions we recruited more than 700 high caliber people into our respected management training programs.
On behalf of the men and women of The Sherwin- Williams Company around the world, we offer our thanks and appreciation to our customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continued trust and confidence.
Christopher M. Connor
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      5
