Our mission is clear:
We strive to Accelerate Customers’ Success through Innovative Leadership in Life Science, High Technology and Service. Our focus is to create differentiation through innovation. To achieve our goals, we’ll seek to build on our successes by initiating measures to enhance our offering in the years to come. Let us
share our progress and our story...
To our Shareholders............................... 2 Accelerate efforts on 2005
strategic plan initiatives................... 5
• Streamline the global supply chain
• Continue Research Biotech focus
• Build on success of SAFC Supply Solutions®
• Pursue opportunities in faster-growing geographies
Elevate performance
to meet high goals.................................. 8
• Further enable web strategies
• Refine selection and integration of new technologies
Create differentiation through innovation......................................................... 11
• Create novel products, services, technologies and business models
• Increase market differentiation with breakthroughs in customer value creation
• Add a New Ventures Group
Communicate our commitment to global citizenship............................ 14
• Give back to our communities • Support a healthy environment • Promote fiscal integrity
SIGMA-ALDRICH
2008 ANNUAL REPORT 1

 JAI NAGARKATTI
President and Chief Executive Officer
To our Shareholders
  In 2008, Sigma-Aldrich turned in another strong performance, achieving record sales and earnings in a challenging economic climate. And the story for Sigma-Aldrich remains promising. Our financial strength, breadth of capabilities, and market and geo- graphic diversity should help us successfully navigate through the current economic climate and position us for continued long-term growth. We set a new sales record with $2.2 billion in sales, and our diluted earnings per share also reached a new high, increasing 13% to $2.65. We fully intend to continue taking advantage of our strengths and add new initiatives to enhance our positions
in the global life science and high technology markets. Scientists worldwide depend upon Sigma-Aldrich’s
reputation to provide high quality products and unsurpassed service. The products and services we offer along with the commitment of our 7,900 employees help scientists in their quest to improve the quality of life. We provide products to support scientific research to understand and fight diseases. Our fine chemicals business helps customers accelerate the development and manufacture of new pharmaceuticals and products for a variety of high tech applications. With highly motivated employees, a diverse portfolio of 100,000 chemical and biochemical products and 30,000 laboratory equipment items, our approach is to continue creating differentiation through innovation to accelerate customer success, and thus our own success, and then share that with investors.
Financial Results
Sigma-Aldrich’s strong performance continued in 2008, extending our record to 34 consecutive years of continu- ous growth in sales and earnings per share for our chemical business. Delivering improved returns for our shareholders is
a fundamental objective, even in these financially turbulent times. Once again in 2008, each of our four customer-centric business units and all geographic regions contributed to sales growth. Sales increased by 7.9%, with Research Biotech leading the group with a reported gain of 10.0%, followed by Research Specialties at 9.4%, Research Essentials at 7.7% and SAFC at 5.2%. Each geographic region posted a sales gain, led by double digit growth in faster growing interna- tional markets. Sales in CAPLA (Canada, Asia Pacific and Latin America) countries grew at 11.9%, while Europe and the U.S posted growth rates of 8.6% and 5.4%, respectively.
Our return on equity of 22.8% exceeded our long-term goal of 20% for the sixth consecutive year. The Company’s financial position remained strong, with a debt to capital ratio of 34.6% at December 31, 2008. Operating cash flow again exceeded $400 million.
Capitalizing on Key Initiatives for Long-term Growth
In 2008, we made further progress on all five initiatives of our 2005 strategic plan. Key accomplishments during the final year of that plan include:
BUILDING ON OUR CUSTOMER-CENTRIC APPROACH
Our account management efforts expanded to serve 8,000 new global customers in 2008. Increased contact enabled us to more efficiently serve customers’ global research and devel- opment needs and commercial-scale requirements.
Awards and recognitions are good indicators of the effective- ness of our approach. In 2008, we received numerous honors that recognize our customer-centric approach. The Scientist maga- zine named Sigma-Aldrich one of the Best Places to Work in the
SIGMA-ALDRICH
2008 ANNUAL REPORT 2

2008 Year in Review
 January
Sigma-Aldrich signs agreement with Nanoco Technologies, Ltd. to distribute quantum dot nanocrystals
SAFC PharmaTM announces expansion at its Carlsbad, CA manufacturing site
to increase viral product manufacturing capacity
February
Sigma-Aldrich opens NASDAQ market on February 20, with CEO Jai Nagarkatti presiding over the ceremony
Sigma-Aldrich announces new Prestige Antibodies® line for proteomics and cell biology researchers
March
April
May
June
Supelco® introduces Ascentis® Express HILIC HPLC Columns for high- speed and high-efficiency separations
Sigma-Aldrich partners with Sunset Molecular Discovery to expand “Your Favorite Gene” Internet search tool
Sigma® launches innovative ChIP Kit Technology for epigenetic research
SAFC HitechTM expands capabilities at Sheboygan, WI facility with state-of- the-art manufacturing cleanroom
Sigma-Aldrich joins phase 2 of The RNAi Consortium to validate shRNA libraries
BioInformatics, LLC ranks Sigma-Aldrich number one for usefulness and easy-to-use online and print catalogs
SAFC Hitech introduces large-scale bubbler for enhanced compound semiconductor production
Sigma-Aldrich announces collaboration with University of California, San Francisco to develop monoclonal antibodies
        industry. Our flagship chemistry journal, The Aldrichimica Acta, was again ranked first for its “impact factor” in research and scholarship against all organic chemistry publications and scientific journals. And BioInformatics, LLC, a leading market research company for the life science industry, ranked Sigma-Aldrich’s online product catalog as the most useful and easiest to use in the industry.
EXPANDING OUR GLOBAL FOOTPRINT Sales in CAPLA mar- kets reached 22% of total sales in 2008, putting us on track to achieve 25% of sales in this region by 2010. During the year, we established a presence in Vietnam and enhanced our selling and distribution infrastructure in Singapore to service growing demand in Southeast Asia. We continued growth
in our target countries of Brazil, China and India, expanding our presence and stocking levels in these regions, achieving combined growth of 15% in these markets.
ENHANCING OUR WEB CAPABILITIES We expanded our Business-to-Business hook-ups with the number of custom-
ers reaching us through e-commerce channels growing again in 2008. With over a million unique visitors each month and 212,000 new registrations for the year, 42% of our research sales came through e-commerce channels. We enhanced our website’s capabilities, increasing functionality and launching a new search application built on top of “Your Favorite Gene.” This new capability, licensed from Ingenuity Systems®, illustrates our commitment to providing high value contextual search applications to life science researchers.
LEVERAGING PROCESS IMPROVEMENT Process improve- ment continues to be embedded in our culture. 2008 marks the seventh straight year that these efforts yielded annual
savings that exceeded $15 million. In 2008, we continued
to implement our Global Supply Chain initiatives to improve procurement, manage inventories and enhance customer service. We believe that this multi-year project is well on its way to provide in excess of $15 million in pre-tax benefits in 2009. When fully implemented by 2012, the pre-tax benefit is expected to increase to $35 - $45 million per year.
INVESTING FOR LONG-TERM GROWTH Through partnerships, collaborations and licensing agreements, Sigma-Aldrich con- tinued to enhance its unrivalled scientific knowledge to create differentiation in our markets by bringing added value to our customers. We added 70 new license agreements. We have a two-year research collaboration with D-Finitive Cell Technologies, Inc. to support the development and commercialization of reagents for regenerative medicine. Our exclusive partnership with Sangamo BioSciences, Inc. led to the launch of our CompoZrTM platform of Zinc Finger Nuclease reagents, a breakthrough gene editing technology recognized as one of the top 10 innovations of 2008 by The Scientist magazine. We significantly expanded our offering of validated antibodies by adding over 8,000 new listings. These additional antibodies include the “Prestige” line,
a set of highly characterized and validated antibodies developed by the Human Proteome Resource and commercially available through an exclusive partnership with Atlas Antibodies. Our aim is to be the leading destination for researchers to find tools and solutions to help them understand the complexities of life.
Fostering Professional Growth
Key to our continued growth and success is a talented team of employees. In 2008, Mike Hogan, our CFO, retired after 10 years
SIGMA-ALDRICH
2008 ANNUAL REPORT 3

 July
August
September
October
November
December
Aldrichimica Acta ranked first in Organic Chemistry by journal Impact Factor
Sigma-Aldrich announces collaboration with Metahelix Life Sciences for expertise and applications to support plant biotechnology
Sigma-Aldrich and Atlas Antibodies announce the release of 2,000 new, highly-validated Prestige Antibodies®
Sigma-Aldrich launches breakthrough genome- editing tools
Sigma-Aldrich becomes first life science company to publish in peer-reviewed video journal JoVE
Sigma-Aldrich welcomes Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center to the RNAi Partnership Program
Sigma-Aldrich introduces methylated DNA quan- tification technology for epigenetic research
Looking Ahead
Sigma-Aldrich enters into research collaboration program with D-Finitive Cell Technologies, Inc., to develop research tools for regenerative medicine
Sigma-Aldrich introduces MISSION® In VIVO QUALITY and iScale OligosTM siRNA
CompoZrTM technology for targeted genomic editing recognized by The Scientist magazine
Sigma-Aldrich signs agreement with SouthWest NanoTechnologies to distribute SWeNT® Single-Wall Carbon Nanotubes
        of service. I thank Mike for his dedicated service and wish him the best in retirement. Rakesh Sachdev joined the manage- ment team in November 2008 as Chief Financial Officer. He brings years of executive experience in finance, international and operational functions. To foster innovation and enhance our approach to implementing strategy, Karen Miller, our Controller for 11 years, took on the new role of Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development. In our continuing efforts to develop talent and build organizational depth,
400 employees were promoted to increased responsibilities.
Sharing Success with Investors
In 2008, we returned $65 million to shareholders through cash dividends and repurchased $421 million in value of
our shares. Every year, we strive to continue earning your confidence and trust through our performance. To achieve growth during challenging times, our approach will be to seize opportunities and enhance our leadership position in select markets through continued focus on growth areas and making prudent decisions to manage costs.
Quality, Sustainability, Safety and Foundation Giving
We had another record year for safety performance with fewer recordable injuries. We also built on our quality pro- gram and reduced our carbon footprint through a number of sustainable initiatives. Our employees and the Company con- tinued to give back to our communities. The Company and the Sigma-Aldrich Foundation supported many worthy causes through cash and product contributions amounting
to $8 million.
We will likely face the economic challenges that began late in 2008 during most of 2009. We implemented changes at the beginning of 2009 to energize our organization and launch new strategic initiatives. The plan includes:
Accelerating efforts on our 2005 strategic plan initiatives. These include increasing our focus to enhance growth in Research Biotech, SAFC Supply Solutions®, faster-growing geographies, and streamlining our Global Supply Chain.
Elevating performance in an effort to consistently exceed established goals by implementing large systems, refining selection and integration of new technologies and reducing complexity within the organization.
Creating differentiation through innovation. We have dedicated a team to develop a process to foster innovation in every aspect of our business. Though expecting a modest sales contribution from this initiative in 2009, our long-term goal is to create significant growth opportunities to leverage our core competencies in adjacent and new markets.
In closing, I wish to thank each of our shareholders for their con- fidence and support during 2008. Our focus remains to enhance our competitive strengths by creating differentiation. These are exciting times for our Company, and we fully expect to execute our strategy and stay vigilant in achieving our objectives.
JAI NAGARKATTI
President and Chief Executive Officer
 SIGMA-ALDRICH
2008 ANNUAL REPORT 4
