     DEAR SHAREHOLDERS AND FRIENDS,
What a remarkable year this has been for your Company! We started the year in two major lines of business, consumer foods and coffee. We ended the year by adding a third business, pet foods, with the acquisition of Big Heart Pet Brands (“Big Heart”). This investment is a great addition for
a number of reasons, most notably adding to Our Purpose
of helping to bring families together to share memorable meals and moments. Pets are truly cherished members of the family, and we can now serve the mealtime and snacking needs of the “whole” family.
Our vision for the Company is to own and market food brands that hold the #1 market position in their respective category, with an emphasis on North America. Big Heart helps fulfill this vision with beloved brands such as Milk-Bone®, which holds the #1 position in the growing pet snacks category, Kibbles ’n Bits®, 9Lives®, Meow Mix®, Milo’s Kitchen®, Pup-Peroni®, and Natural Balance®, to name a few.
The addition of Big Heart gives us an important and growing third platform of our business and further solidifies our position as a major food company in North America with projected annual sales of approximately $8 billion. More importantly, it places Smucker among the top 10 food suppliers
to our retail customers. We own a portfolio of major brands that consumers trust, and we have a reputation with our customers as good partners with a track record for profitably growing the categories in which we participate.
With our traditional business and brands, we continue to innovate and offer new products that are in line with consumer trends. This past year, 7 percent of our sales came from products we did not offer three years ago. Two major consumer trends that influence our innovation and acquisition strategies include a rise in snacking occasions and the desire for simple ingredients. In response to these opportunities, we have developed “good and good for you” snacks and simple-ingredient varieties of many of our products. Some examples include
Jif To Go® DippersTM peanut butter snacks, Smucker’s® Fruit-Fulls® blended fruit pouches, and PillsburyTM Purely SimpleTM baking mixes, which provide delicious baked goods with fewer ingredients. To help accelerate our growth in snacks and simple ingredients, we acquired Sahale Snacks (“Sahale”) located in Seattle, Washington. Sahale is a leading producer, marketer, and innovator of nut and fruit snacks, bringing to Smucker a capability of innovation in the snacking category.
Our consumer foods business had
a solid year of performance. Our
Smucker’s fruit spreads business
grew market share, and Jif®
peanut butter, with the help of
stable peanut costs, was able to
reverse the margin pressure we felt the prior year. The key challenge this year was in coffee, as much higher green coffee costs led to higher retail pricing and margin compression. With our coffee costs beginning to moderate in fiscal 2016 and a number of initiatives planned, we remain confident in the long-term prospects of our coffee business.
We continue to see a change in consumers’ behavior in terms of where and how they shop. This is transforming the landscape in retailing as omni-channel retailing grows and the mobile economy encourages a consumer environment where products and the information about them must be readily available and accurate.
These changes, along with economic pressure driving our retail customers and competitors to merge and consolidate, will provide us with both opportunities and challenges.
We long ago concluded we must be willing to challenge and change our tactics and strategies to adapt to consumer demands. What we will not change, however, are the values upon which our Company was founded. Our values and principles guide both strategic decisions and daily behaviors and define our culture, which we view as the key to our success. It is a culture that believes every individual makes a difference, and that the best is yet to come. Our fellow employees are committed to “doing the right things and doing things right.” We have a talented and dedicated team that is enhanced by those who joined us from Sahale and Big Heart.
We enter fiscal 2016 as a larger, stronger, and more diversified company. We are excited by the opportunities ahead, and
we have a proven track record of achieving long-term results. We wish to extend our gratitude to our employees, who continue to provide the highest level of quality and service to our constituents, and to our shareholders for your continued support and confidence in The J. M. Smucker Company. With a robust commitment to innovation across our businesses; an additional platform of growth in pet food and pet snacks; and compelling brands, we believe we have the right strategy to continue delivering value to our shareholders while helping to bring families together to share memorable meals and moments.
 Sincerely,
Tim Smucker
Richard Smucker
     June 25, 2015
2015 ANNUAL REPORT 53
 2 THE J.M. SMUCKER COMPANY
