  DEAR SHAREHOLDERS AND FRIENDS,
Strong and healthy brands, leading market positions, innovative new products, and a focused strategy executed by talented employees served The J. M. Smucker Company well during fiscal 2014, despite the challenging economic environment. Most importantly, and as we have done for the past 117 years, we remained focused on Our Purpose of helping to bring families together to share memorable meals and moments, and it is through this focus that we ensure the strength of our brands and the continued growth of our business.
Our strong fundamentals resulted in achieving record non-GAAP earnings per share and returning more than $730 million in cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Driving this earnings growth was the continued strong performance of our U.S. Retail Coffee business, including our roast and ground products and the premium Dunkin’ Donuts® brand. Among the challenges we faced were a competitive pricing environment, as well as our voluntary exit from certain foodservice businesses. These factors, along with pricing actions taken to pass through lower commodity costs in key categories, resulted in net sales declining 5 percent to $5.6 billion.
Nevertheless, fiscal 2014 was filled with solid accomplishments primarily focused on several growth areas — expanding our presence in the coffee category, accelerating the growth of our Smucker’s® and Jif® brands, and building our Smucker’s® Uncrustables® frozen handheld business. We also continue to reap the benefits of one of the most innovative periods in our history — launching more than 250 new products in the past three years that accounted for over $425 million, or approximately 8 percent, of net sales in fiscal 2014.
Among the highlights of our fiscal year:
• Non-GAAP earnings per share rose 5 percent to $5.64.
• Cash generated from operations was steady at $856 million.
• We repurchased nearly 5 percent of shares outstanding, utilizing
approximately $500 million in cash.
• Capital expenditures totaled approximately $280 million,
a record level.
• The annual dividend paid per share increased approximately
11 percent, representing 12 consecutive years of dividend growth and 55 consecutive years of dividend payouts.
Overall, we are pleased to have returned $2.6 billion to our shareholders in the past five years through dividends and share repurchases.
PLEASING OUR CONSUMERS
The ability to generate shareholder returns and to fulfill Our Purpose is enhanced by our efforts to offer consumers a broad portfolio of products to meet their diverse and ever-changing needs. We continue to expand our consumer reach through product innovation and effective marketing support. In fiscal 2014 alone, we launched more than 100 new products that were developed based on consumer needs identified through insightful research and our own strategic architecture, which ensures
we create value for our consumers by offering products that “Make You Smile,” are “Easy for You,” and are “Good and Good for All of Us.” As an example, Dunkin’ Donuts® Bakery Series® coffee “Makes You Smile” by bringing favorite bake shop flavors to a pot of home-brewed coffee. Looking forward, our innovation pipeline remains a robust one, with more than 125 product introductions planned in fiscal 2015.
We are continually focused on engaging with our consumers to ensure we understand their product preferences and that we are meeting their needs for product information. We maintain a direct dialogue with consumers through our Consumer Communications Center, as well as interaction through more than 45 social media properties including Facebook®, Twitter®, Pinterest®, Instagram®, and YouTube®. In addition, we strive to ensure our in-store communication with consumers is insightful and informative. This past year, for example, we completed our commitment to incorporate the “Facts Up FrontTM ” labeling system across all products that require a nutrition panel. This initiative summarizes important nutritional information in a simple and easy-to-read format on the front of food and beverage packages.
Our marketing efforts in fiscal 2014 were highlighted by our sponsorship of the United States Olympic and Paralympic Teams. The Olympic Games bring families and friends together to celebrate the special moments of U.S. athletes and the Games. Four leading brands — Smucker’s, Folgers®, Jif, and Smucker’s Uncrustables — were involved with our sponsorship, which broadened engagement across multiple generations of consumers. Our activities, which garnered more than 1 billion media impressions, included television advertising, product packaging, digital marketing, social media, retailer activation, and employee engagement activities.
This Olympic campaign is representative of our integrated approach to marketing that takes a holistic view of our television, radio, print, visual, digital, and social media footprint in order to maximize consumer impact. Our multiyear involvement with the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Teams will continue through the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
ACQUISITIONS ENHANCE GROWTH
Strategic acquisitions remain a key part of our growth strategy. We target leading brands and categories that will enhance our “center of the store” presence in North America or help us expand in China. We categorize acquisitions in three ways: transformational acquisitions are larger in scale and include entry into new markets or categories; bolt on acquisitions leverage existing infrastructure and increase our presence within a category; and enabling acquisitions, though they may be smaller in size, capitalize on our resources and introduce new capabilities to the Company. As we evaluate possible transactions, we are mindful that the acquisition landscape has been changing and has become more competitive. Accordingly, we remain focused on finding the right balance between opportunity and investment.
This past year we completed the enabling acquisition of Enray, Inc. Through its truRoots® brand, Enray is a leader in organic, gluten-free, ancient grain products — an on-trend, high-growth product platform — which contributed $40 million in net sales following the August 2013 acquisition. Adding truRoots to a brand family that includes R.W. Knudsen Family® and Santa Cruz Organic® brings additional scale to our natural foods portfolio.
SUPPLY CHAIN OPTIMIZATION
Ongoing investments that enhance supply chain capabilities and reduce costs long term are other key drivers of profitable growth. Our new manufacturing facility in Orrville, Ohio, not only provides us with state-of-the-art efficiency, but also allows us to leverage our innovation capabilities. Likewise, we are converting our facility in Memphis, Tennessee, to support expanded peanut butter production, in line with our goal of growing the Jif brand. We have also made capital investments in our Scottsville, Kentucky, facility to support growth
of the Smucker’s Uncrustables frozen handheld business, and at our Toledo, Ohio, facility to support capacity for our Pillsbury® ready-to- spread frostings.
ENJOYING LONG-TERM GROWTH PROSPECTS
History has shown that we are adept at managing near-term challenges while focusing on those strategies necessary to ensure long-term success. This is one reason we are confident that Smucker will continue its profitable growth in fiscal 2015 and beyond. Our confidence also stems from our commitment to Our Purpose and through decision- making guided by our Basic Beliefs of Quality, People, Ethics, Growth, and Independence.
We are well positioned to continue fulfilling Our Purpose, thanks to a clear strategy, excellent execution of that strategy, a robust innovation pipeline, an integrated marketing approach, key partnerships, and supply chain investments, all of which are supported by a strong balance sheet. These strengths will allow us to continue to return value to our shareholders. As we realize this potential, Smucker will remain focused on our strategy of owning and marketing North American food brands that hold the number one market position in their respective categories, while maintaining the global perspective that is essential to compete effectively in today’s marketplace.
We extend a heartfelt thank you for the hard work and talents of our family of nearly 5,000 employees. Their commitment is essential to our success, as is the loyalty we have earned with all of our constituents.
We also thank you for your continued faith in and support of The J. M. Smucker Company.
Sincerely,
Tim Smucker June 23, 2014
Richard Smucker
                                            2 The J.M. Smucker Company
2014 Annual Report 3
(Dollars in millions, except per share data)
2014 $ 5,610.6
2013 $ 5,897.7
$ 544.2 $ 5.00
$ 584.8
$ 5.37 106,486,935 4,875
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
(A) Refer to “Non-GAAP Measures” located on pages 29-30 in the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis” section for a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure.
$ 588.5
$ 5.64 101,697,400 4,775
Year Ended April 30,
 Net sales
Net income and net income per common share:
Net income
Net income per common share – assuming dilution
Income and income per common share excluding special project costs:(A)
Income
Income per common share – assuming dilution Common shares outstanding at year end Number of employees
$ $
565.2 5.42
 