TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
 We are pleased with the progress we made in 2006, as our final results showed a nice improvement over the last few years. Net earnings improved approximately $13 million from a loss of $3.5 million in 2005 to a net profit of $9.4 million in 2006. But we still have a way to go to achieve our goals.
The biggest improvement was in Engine Management, where we are now beginning to reap the benefits of the Dana integration. Our people have labored long and hard over the past three years to fully integrate these two companies. The task is now essentially done.
The biggest single improvement was in Engine Management gross margin, which went from 20.1% in 2005 to 24.6% in 2006, an increase in dollars of $23.6 million. The biggest single reason for the improvement was that the one-time costs of Dana integration are now behind us. Other factors include improved pricing; increased manufacturing of previously purchased products; and resourcing of other products to low cost areas, mostly in the Far East.
However, to put it in perspective, we are still below our historical Engine Management gross margin levels of 27-28%, and continue to work towards that goal.
Temperature Control sales were $18 million below 2005 for two reasons. First, 2005 was one of the hottest years on record, so the comparisons were difficult. Second, we began to see sales erosion from low cost products imported from China and the Far East.
Our Four Seasons people worked aggressively to reduce costs, so that despite the lower sales, our operating profit was only slightly below 2005. Further, we are in the process of relocating our compressor rebuilding plant to Reynosa, Mexico. Our goal will be to sell a rebuilt compressor, profitably, at 30% below a new unit from China. We believe that we can do this with products rebuilt in Mexico.
Our European division has undergone a major turnaround. We relocated all Engine Management manufacturing from the U.K. to lower cost areas. We opened a new factory in Poland, which has the dual benefit of competitive wages and highly skilled people. And we sold off a substantial portion of our Temperature Control division, which we felt did not fit into our long term plans. The result is a smaller and more profitable business, which we feel is well situated for the future.
   2 Standard Motor Products, Inc.

 We also accomplished some things which were not reflected in the 2006 numbers, but will benefit us in the future. We refinanced our existing bank credit facility with a line of credit up to $275 million, and an additional $50 million accordion feature for future expansion needs. The combination of favorable capital markets and our improved financial performance allowed us the opportunity to secure a new five-year term, at reduced borrowing costs and more favorable operating terms. In 2006 we generated almost $34 million positive cash flow from operating activities.
Next we are becoming more active in China and the Far East. We now have a permanent
FromLefttoRight: LawrenceI.Sills, Chairman of the Board and CEO; James J. Burke, Vice President
  office operating out of Shanghai, and during 2006 we established an international business development office in Long Island City. Creating a strong presence in China will be a major part of our future development.
Third, we announced our intention to close two of our longest running manufacturing operations in Puerto Rico and Long Island City. Puerto Rico, once the 936 tax benefit was eliminated, became a very costly place to do business. And our Long Island City plastic molding operation, which was one of the last factories of any kind still operating in New York City, is falling victim to the increased trend towards globalization.
These were extremely difficult decisions. These two factories have been operating successfully for many years and are staffed with hard working, loyal, and skillful people. But in the end, we felt we had no choice. Most of the output of these two factories will be shifted to Reynosa, Mexico and the balance to our existing facility in Independence, Kansas. The process will be complete by the end of 2008. The one-time costs of the moves will be approximately $9 million with an annual savings forecast at $9 million once the transition is completed.
Finally, we are beginning to achieve some success in our OES/OEM (Original Equipment Service/Original Equipment Manufacturing) business. We received new firm orders, of about $25 million annually, and we will begin shipping during the second half of 2007. We see this area as having significant potential for the future. It is profitable; it adds many hours to our factories; we gain technical information from the OE’s; and we gain credibility with our aftermarket customers.
Finance and Chief Financial Officer; and John P. Gethin, President and Chief Operating Officer.
 Standard Motor Products, Inc. 3

 To conclude, we realize that both we and our industry are facing significant challenges: the original parts are made better, reducing the replacement rate; we have low priced parts coming in from China and the Far East; we sell to fewer and more demanding customers. However, because of all the steps we have taken, and are continuing to take, we believe we are in a good position to meet these challenges.
Before closing, we wish to publicly acknowledge Mr. Kenneth A. Lehman, one of our senior Board members, who has chosen to retire after serving almost eight years on the Board. We will certainly miss his dedication, intelligence, and knowledge of the industry, and we wish him the best for the future.
Lawrence I. Sills John P. Gethin James J. Burke
     CEO and CFO Certifications
In 2006 Standard Motor Products’ chief executive officer (CEO) provided to the New York Stock Exchange the annual CEO certification regarding Standard’s compliance with the New York Stock Exchange’s corporate governance listing standards. In addition, Standard’s CEO and chief financial officer filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission all required certifications regarding the quality of Standard’s public disclosures in its fiscal 2006 reports.
 4 Standard Motor Products, Inc.
