                                                                                                     TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
  Our financial results for 2007 were ultimately disappointing.
We incurred a loss in the fourth quarter which reduced our full
year earnings from continuing operations—excluding restructuring costs from previously announced plant moves and a gain on the sale of our Ft. Worth building—to $11.4 million or 61 cents per share from $13.9 million or 76 cents per share in 2006.
The primary culprit was heavy overstock returns in Engine Management, which came in at the very end of the year. There were two main components to these returns. The majority resulted, we believe, as many in the distribution channel looked to reduce their inventory levels leading into uncertain economic conditions in 2008. Second, were returns generated as we implemented a brand change for two major accounts.
Despite the disappointing financial results, we made progress in several important areas. In Engine Management we began to implement two plant moves—closing operations in Long Island City and Puerto Rico and shifting the majority of production to Reynosa, Mexico. These were difficult decisions, as the factories were two of our most senior, staffed with loyal employees who had been with the Company for many years. But with the need to compete with low price products coming in from all over the world, we had no choice.
The moves are proceeding ahead of schedule, helped by the fact that several of our senior management and staff are relocating from the closed facilities to Reynosa. Production is ramping up in Mexico while Long Island City and Puerto Rico will cease production early in the second quarter of 2008. Our estimates are $9 million in annual savings, with one-time costs of $14 million. We will start to see the savings in the latter part of 2008, with the full savings coming in 2009. The bulk of the one-time costs have already been expensed and the balance will be expensed in 2008.
           
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             With the closing of manufacturing in Long Island City we were in a position to sell our headquarters building, as our need for space became substantially reduced. The sale, for $40.6 million, closed on March 12. We will lease-back a portion of the building, for Corporate and Engine Management headquarters and staff.
Our Temperature Control division is also faced with low priced competition from around the world. To compete, we lowered prices by approximately $7 million in 2007 and have implemented a similar reduction in 2008. We have been able to offset most of these reductions through aggressive cost cutting, and by shifting compressor remanufacturing from Grapevine, Texas to Reynosa. With our latest pricing we believe we can stem the sales erosion to low priced imports.
Europe continues to improve and is now profitable. We have taken many actions in the last several years. We closed two old and high cost facilities in the U.K.; opened a new and efficient distribution center in Nottingham; sold off our European Temperature Control division, which did not fit into our long term plans; purchased a small wire and cable business and folded it into our existing wire and cable facility; and acquired a factory in Bialystok, Poland.
This factory is low cost, with a ready availability of highly skilled people. We currently employ approximately 150 people in Bialystok, with
an ability to grow. We recently gained a small OE contract through this facility which is a good potential sign for the future.
In fact, we see OE (Original Equipment—sales to the car manufacturers for use in new car production) and OES (Original Equipment Service—sales to the car manufacturers for their service operations) as important growth areas. OE/OES represented about 10% of our volume in 2007, while the industry average is closer to 20%.
From Left to Right: Lawrence I. Sills, Chairman of the Board and CEO;
James J. Burke, Vice President Finance and Chief Financial Officer;
and John P. Gethin, President and Chief Operating Officer.
                                    
 TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
CEO AND
CFO CERTIFICATIONS
In 2007 Standard Motor Products’ chief executive officer (CEO) provided to the New York Stock Exchange the annual CEO certification regarding SMP’s compliance with the
New York Stock Exchange’s corporate governance listing standards.
In addition, SMP’s CEO and chief financial officer filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission all required certifications regarding the quality of SMP’s public disclosures in its fiscal 2007 reports.
Along this line, we recently concluded an agreement with Continental to acquire a small portion of their OES business. We are purchasing equipment and inventory for various sensor lines from their factory in upstate New York and will relocate it to our Independence, KS facility. Annual volumes are approximately $10-15 million and we will begin shipments during the latter part of the year. Customers include a wide range of car manufacturers, both domestic and foreign.
Finally, we welcome Ms. Pamela Forbes Lieberman to our Board. She brings a wealth of financial expertise, as well as extensive experience in the automotive aftermarket.
To conclude, we were disappointed in the final figures—especially the fourth quarter—but we believe we accomplished many things which will help set the stage for future growth.
Lawrence I. Sills John P. Gethin James J. Burke
