 To Our Shareholders,
We are pleased to advise you that for the third year in a row we set records for sales and profits. Despite a decline in temperature control sales, the result of a cool and damp summer, our total sales increased 3.7% from $948.9 million to $983.7 million, and our net income increased 24%, to $51.5 million.
We are helped by the fact that our entire industry continues to grow. The primary users of replacement parts are older vehicles and, as a result of improved quality, vehicles are staying on the road longer and longer. At the end of 2013, the average vehicle age was over 11 years, the highest in history, and this number
continues to rise.
But we have also done a great deal to help ourselves. We increased our gross margin by more than two full percentage points over 2012. This improvement is the result of our
people’s efforts over the last several years.
• We have invested in engineering talent and capital equipment and are now producing hundreds of parts that we formerly purchased.
• We have increased production in low cost countries. We now have over 1,000 people in Mexico and over 300 in Poland.
• We have completed the integration of our recent acquisitions.
• We have achieved substantial savings in purchasing, assisted by the
growth of our staff in Hong Kong.
We continue to invest in these activities. For example, in 2014 we will be adding to our engineering group and investing in tools and equipment to support our goal of being a basic manufacturer for the bulk of our product line. We believe there are many benefits to being a basic manufacturer – lower cost, better control over quality, and better control over supply. We also find that our customers prefer to buy from a basic manufacturer,
rather than a company that purchases primarily from third parties.
We are continuing with our acquisition program. In January we announced the purchase of the remanufacturing assets of Pensacola Fuel Injection,
our primary vendor for rebuilt diesel fuel injectors and other related diesel products. We will now be a basic manufacturer in this important and
growing product line.
This makes six acquisitions in less than three years. The first five are fully integrated and are contributing significantly to our results. Pensacola will be there shortly. These acquisitions have enabled us to become a more basic manufacturer, broadened our customer base, and helped us enter new and
related markets. We continue to search out acquisitions of this nature.
These acquisitions have been financed essentially out of operating cash flow. At the end of 2013 our total debt was only $21.5 million. Our cash flow has also enabled us to increase our quarterly dividend by 18% from 11 cents to 13 cents, and
we have announced a 2014 share buyback program of up to $10 million. In all, we are pleased with our results in 2013 and look forward to 2014.
   Lawrence I. Sills John P. Gethin James J. Burke
