   To our Snap-on Shareholders,
Let me start by saying that I am delighted to be here. As a member of your Board of Directors for the past six years, it’s clear that Snap-on is a company with tremendous strengths: premier brands, superior products and extraordinary people. Today, Snap-on is well respected throughout the world for quality and innovation. It is what defines us and distinguishes us. The durability, quality and performance of our products set the standards for excellence.
As an organization, Snap-on has a tremendous amount
of pride based upon its legacy of success; but, over time, our past achievements have made us complacent and too much complexity has crept into the organization.
Complexity adds costs that our customers do not value and gets in the way of delivering to their expectations. As a result, we have created unnecessary work for ourselves. It slows
us down, saps initiative and weakens our focus on the really important things like taking better care of our customers.
Past success has led us, all too often, to accept the status quo. Our emphasis today and going forward is to accelerate the pace of change and never allow ourselves to become satisfied, but rather to establish a strong and insatiable desire for a better and stronger company. We want to achieve new successes, further strengthen our brand values, fortify our leading position in the marketplace and build a more profitable company.
That being said, Snap-on’s people have accomplished much to build a solid foundation over the past few years. Continued focus on innovation has resulted in us delivering a number of significant new, high-value-added products that improve our customers’ productivity. Our focus on improving a number of our internal processes has resulted in significantly better capital productivity, which has led to significant improvements in our cash flow. We must now also improve our earnings performance, which can only occur by meeting the highest levels of customer expectations, while at the same time, reducing complexity to lower our costs and allowing for a faster pace of change.
In the year ahead, we have some simple objectives that we need to keep foremost in our minds: take better care of
our customers, and reduce complexity and costs. These are not sophisticated or new concepts that require fancy solutions. Rather, it is simple blocking and tackling—paying attention to our basics on a daily basis and keeping our eyes on the customer.
We must understand the needs of our customers better, we must satisfy those needs with the highest levels of service, and we must do this within a lower cost structure. By setting clear priorities, measuring our results each and every day, and doing this with greater urgency, we will build a stronger company for our shareholders and all our stakeholders.
In 2005, the entire organization will focus on these goals. A singular focus on improving the supply chain is underway: accelerating manufacturing enhancements that allow machines to run more efficiently and increase production flexibility, as well as improvements in procurement and distribution that all together will increase “complete and on-time” deliveries to
our customers. These projects have the attention of the entire organization, and over the course of this year and next,
we expect to see substantial improvement in our results as
a consequence of these efforts.
  2004 ANNUAL REPORT
1

  In addition, we are working to reduce complexity and drive out unnecessary costs. We will work at all levels to simplify
our tasks. If we’re doing activities that don’t add value for our customers, we will end them.
In visiting a number of Snap-on facilities during the last few months, I’ve told our people that we are not interested in activities—we are interested in the results that will satisfy the needs of our customers and build a stronger company. And, it
is by taking better care of our customers, ensuring that we continue to deliver the best quality products, and by eliminating waste and unnecessary costs that we will drive profitable growth. We are confident that our entire organization is aligned with these goals and that we can deliver our expected results.
In closing, I would like to thank all of the people throughout the Snap-on organization for their efforts and accomplishments. Many improvements have been made and we have a solid platform to build on. We know we can count on everyone’s continued efforts. Your Board of Directors is also to be acknowledged for their strong commitment to Snap-on and their determination
to see the company prosper and grow.
JACK D. MICHAELS
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
  2
SNAP-ON INCORPORATED 2004
