2
   to oUr snap-on shareholders
Our 2008 results demonstrate the benefit of Snap-on’s effective balance between capturing growth and increasing efficiency. The company once again delivered record earnings, this time against a backdrop of increasing turmoil and negative economic developments.
The growing diversification of our business model was a significant advantage in 2008. We served more customers in more categories across more geography than ever before. The unique role that innovation plays in the way Snap-on creates value also served us well. We successfully introduced a stream of productivity enhancing product and service offerings and expanded our pipeline for the future. Customer service remained a priority as we continued to re-shape our supply chain, invigorate our manufacturing processes and improve our complete and on-time order fill
rates. Executing these fundamental strategies creates a strong foundation, helping us weather the challenges ahead.
The year, of course, saw worsening global economies. Tight credit conditions pressured customer demand, particularly for large ticket items and capital purchases. Given these unprecedented economic headwinds, we are pleased with our relative performance. Operating income for the year was a new high. Even the fourth quarter, while a particular volume challenge, saw record profitability. We thank our associates, franchisees and distributors for their unwavering focus in confronting these challenges.
For the year, net sales were $2.853 billion compared to $2.841 billion in 2007. Operating earnings improved to 13.2% of revenue, as compared to 11.2% in 2007, increasing 19.7% or $64 million. Earnings per diluted share rose 31.7% to a record $4.07 in 2008, as compared to $3.09 in 2007.
Snap-on became a public company in 1939. Since that time, Snap-on has paid uninterrupted and unreduced dividends to its shareholders each and every quarter. Few public companies
     
3
 At snap-on, we innovate through a combination of customer insight and powerful technology. Snap-on President and Chief Executive Officer Nick Pinchuk discusses how the new VerusTM diagnostics platform will improve technician productivity with Chenglin Suo, product engineering and Holly Judt, finance.
in 2008, snap-on opened innovation works, a 14,100 sq. ft. R&D facility that includes a full auto shop, large applications room and a range of research, development and prototyping capabilities. This is the largest of several Snap-on development and training facilities located in the U.S. and Europe.
can make this claim. In 2008, dividends paid per share rose to $1.20 from $1.11 in 2007.
Our use of rapid continuous improvement (RCI) processes also served us well in the past year. This helped us eliminate waste and reduce cost to fund investment and important strategic activities. In 2008, we experienced significant volatility in the cost of steel, fuel and other commodities, as well as significant foreign currency exchange rate movements, which impacted our financial results. The benefit of our RCI activities and selective pricing more than offset these impacts over the year. Next year the challenges in these areas, particularly in foreign currency, will continue. In that regard, we will expand our RCI activity and pursue additional cost reductions.
Our manufacturing system plays an important role in delivering world-class products to a broad range of customers. In 2008, we continued to invest in improving our existing North American and Western European production facilities to increase productivity, upgrade technology and ensure continued quality.
  Prototypes, like these for the new Verus scan tool, will be developed at Innovation Works.
      
 4
 snap-on chosen best oVerall brand in keY categories
  Snap-on again earned Frost & Sullivan Technician’s Choice Awards that measure brand preference by automotive technicians, shop owners and managers. Snap-on was the overwhelming leader in all 4 key categories.
Next Leading Brand
Next Leading Brand
Next Leading Brand
Next Leading Brand
 Hand tOOlS   69%
 10%
  tOOl StOraGe 60%
 14%
  Scan tOOlS 54%
 14%
 pOWer tOOlS 31%
  20%
In China and Eastern Europe, we’re accelerating expansion
of manufacturing capability and capacity, enabling near-term growth. Our expanding locations in China enable growth
in additional products as well as in existing categories. In March, Snap-on acquired a 60% interest in a major hand tool manufacturing operation in Hang Zhou, China. The new venture, known as Wanda Snap-on, is one more strategic step in building our presence in emerging markets and lower-cost regions.
We continue to focus on enhancing our franchise proposition and improving the profitability and performance of our franchisees. When they succeed, we succeed.
In cooperation with the National Franchise Advisory Council, we launched an effort to help franchisees reduce their operating costs. There are now specific programs being deployed to help franchisees reduce key expenses, including fuel, freight, credit, advertising, office supplies and more. In addition, franchisees are being supported with a stream of improved technology and processes to enhance their productivity. Expanded 2008 training programs brought a focus on the basics to franchisees, yielding strong results for most participants. Snap-on also fielded a small group of mobile company stores in the past year. These let us test programs prior to launch and help improve our overall support to the franchise system.
Successful new product launches, continued improvements in supply chain delivery, stronger event marketing initiatives and other key programs strengthened both our van network and our market position. As testimony to this progress, Entrepreneur Magazine named Snap-on as a 2009 “top ten” home-based franchise and the top 2009 mobile tool franchise. We thank our franchisees and their families for their continued commitment and passion.
Our commercial & industrial group again made strong progress in 2008. Net sales increased 4.3% and operating earnings were up 27.2% over 2007. This progress is a reflection of the balance between growth and productivity that is Snap-on’s long-term objective. A combination of growth initiatives and innovative products increased sales. Strong expense control, restructuring activities and efficiency initiatives aggressively reduced expense.
Efforts to increase business in mission critical industries including natural resource and energy markets, government, aerospace and aviation were successful. Our focus on delivering differentiated and integrated solutions for these, and other critical industries, continues into the future.
Our global businesses benefited from technology developments, product innovation and sales efforts targeted at key customers. In power tools, we continued a string of successful launches, reinforcing our leadership with technicians. In undercar equipment, successful innovations extended our lead in the important imaging aligner category. These and other unique productivity solutions launched in 2008 will provide strong positioning for the future.
In 2008, we also continued to deepen our partnership with industry consortiums, technical schools and organizations that further the growth and expertise within our key customer
  Our legendary Snap-on® brand continues to grow stronger. As we expand beyond the
automotive garage, the strength of the brand provides confidence to users in critical applications where second- best is not an option. Snap-on marks the user as a serious professional while making the work easier. Whether measured by endorsement from auto technicians, the confidence of global aerospace companies, or purchases by industrial market leaders in growing segments like energy and natural resources, the Snap-on brand is stronger than ever.
OurBahco® brandalsocontinuestogrowin
importance. It gives our Corporation another
powerful avenue for expansion throughout
the world, especially in the emerging markets of Eastern Europe and Asia-Pacific. Founded on 120 years of excellence, Bahco products deliver unique ergonomics and strong user connection across a range of professional industries.
In the snap-on tools group, net sales were flat as compared with 2007. Operating earnings declined 5.9%, primarily due to increased commodity costs, currency effects and LIFO related inventory expenses.
 
  5
segments. These efforts are making the Snap-on brand and official Snap-on certification the hallmarks of excellence for technicians of the future.
In Western Europe, sales were difficult as economic conditions weakened. These difficulties were offset partially by sales growth in Eastern Europe where we continued to expand
our presence. We also worked to selectively strengthen our manufacturing and distribution, positioning ourselves to take full advantage of future opportunities.
Sales in Asia-Pacific grew as we capitalized on our expanded network of sales offices and distributors. During 2008, Snap-on also made significant progress in expanding both our Asian product line and our manufacturing footprint in this emerging region. Undercar equipment, power tool and cutting tool lines were broadened and manufacturing capacity was increased in Kunshan and with the addition of the Wanda Snap-on joint venture. Further, efforts in lower cost, third party sourcing from the region were substantially expanded.
In the diagnostics & information group, 2008 sales declined 3.5% from 2007, while operating earnings increased 13.5%.
Sales in certain segments were strong, as we launched successful, innovative hardware and software platforms addressing both automotive and heavy-duty truck markets. Efforts to increase global penetration in diagnostics were rewarded with increased volume for that business unit. Beyond hardware, new products in repair information, shop management, electronic parts catalogs and other segments were well received, providing 2008 sales growth and strong future potential.
These gains were more than offset by lower sales to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), primarily in our Equipment Solutions unit. The end of a major essential tool program in
North America and the wind-down of a European facilitation program impacted overall sales. As 2008 progressed, investment restraint by OEM dealerships also became an important factor.
Overall, 2008 was another encouraging year marked by strategic progress as well as record earnings despite the economic turmoil. We recognize that 2009 will be challenging. We’re confident, however, that the strength of our brands, the resilience of our business models and the power of Snap-on Value Creation processes outlined on the next page will mitigate the impact of the difficult economy. We also recognize that Snap-on has opportunity in the turbulence. We will continue to invest in those areas that will be strategically decisive for the future and will emerge from this challenging period with an even stronger competitive position than we enjoy today.
In 2008 we welcomed Nate Jones and his deep industrial experience to the Board. In addition, we offer special gratitude to Jack Michaels, our Chairman, and a Snap-on board member since 1998, who has provided ongoing mentoring and support. We thank all of our dedicated Board members for their continued, invaluable support. Finally, we thank our associates, our franchisees and our shareholders for their contributions, service and dedication.
nicholas t. Pinchuk
President and Chief Executive Officer
  Snap-on business managers work shoulder to shoulder with franchisees in business planning and training sessions to suppport our network.
who we Are
  our mission
The most valued productivity solutions in the world
  Beliefs
We deeply believe in:
non-negotiable product and Workplace Safety
uncompromising Quality passionate customer care Fearless Innovation
rapid continuous Improvement
vAlues
Our behaviors define our success:
We demonstrate Integrity. We tell the truth.
We respect the Individual. We promote teamwork. We listen.
vision
To be acknowledged as the:
Brands of choice
employer of choice Franchisor of choice Business partner of choice Investment of choice
      