 2
Snap-on is shaped by work—work of consequence often conducted in harsh and punishing environments. Our deep understanding of this work sparks ideas— ideas for innovative productivity solutions that
make the task easier. Snap-on is celebrated by the professionals who perform such work because we help them solve the critical. As a result, the Snap-on® brand conveys to them a sense of special pride and dignity, making Snap-on a name they seek to call their own.
It’s been this way since 1920, when the original Snap-on interchangeable socket set was invented for the emerging vehicle repair industry of the day. Later, we pioneered mobile tool distribution, calling on automotive mechanics in their garages and, in doing so, observing them at work to better understand their challenges. From these interactions, we continued to develop new solutions to make their jobs easier.
While this remains Snap-on’s principal value-creating mechanism, today we define it more broadly. Snap-on’s strength lies in its unique ability to provide repeatability
and reliability to serious professionals through valued productivity solutions—ranging from wrenches of the highest quality and functionality to sophisticated and content-rich diagnostics and repair information software. In addition, it’s clear that our capabilities and strengths, already demonstrated in automotive repair, also create significant advantages for professionals in a range of adjacent markets, in additional geographies and in other areas—including in critical industries, where the cost and penalties for failure can be high.
The commitment to this position guides our path along our coherent runways for growth: enhance the franchise network, expand with repair shop owners and managers, extend to critical industries and build in emerging markets. At the same time, we remain dedicated to runways for improvement embodied in our Snap-on Value Creation Processes in the areas of safety, quality, customer connection, innovation and Rapid Continuous Improvement (RCI). This balanced approach again yielded encouraging results in 2014.
   
IN 2014, WE CELEBRATED THE GRAND RE-OPENING OF THE SNAP-ON MUSEUM, WHICH HAS BEEN PART OF OUR KENOSHA CAMPUS SINCE 2007.
The newly designed, state-of-the-art facility illustrates for associates, franchisees, retirees, customers and the community at large Snap-on’s rich history of making work easier for serious professionals. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Nick Pinchuk; K.S. Yap, Snap-on Asia-Pacific;
Sara Verbsky, Snap-on Corporate-Finance;
Brad Lewis, Snap-on Repair Systems & Information Group; Jay Graham, Snap-on Power Tools and
Kurt Sauer, Snap-on Tools Group, discuss the evolution of Snap-on’s broad range of innovative productivity solutions.
 Net sales of $3.3 billion for the year increased 7.2% from 2013, including 6.9% organic sales growth (excluding acquisition-related sales and foreign currency translation). Operating margin before financial services of 16.3% improved 120 basis points from 15.1% a year ago, reflecting both higher sales and savings from RCI initiatives. Operating earnings from financial services grew to $149.1 million in 2014, primarily due to the growth of our financial services portfolio. Net earnings of $421.9 million increased 20.4% over 2013 levels, and diluted earnings per share reached $7.14.
In our Commercial & Industrial Group (C&I), where we serve a broad range of industrial and commercial customers such as professionals in critical industries and emerging markets, segment net sales of $1.2 billion increased 7.7% from 2013 levels; excluding foreign currency translation, organic sales increased 9.5%. This increase primarily reflects gains in sales to customers in critical industries and in our European- based hand tools business. Operating margin for C&I of 13.5% in 2014 improved 90 basis points from 2013.
SNA Europe, our European-based hand tools business,
has now delivered five straight quarters of positive sales growth since coming off a multi-year downturn. Solutions like the Bahco® Ergo Tool Management System, a customized and flexible suite of tool storage and control systems that can be applied to workplaces in multiple industries, helped us gain new customers and grow sales in this important region. Our military business, another significant headwind in prior years, experienced a resurgence as we progressed through 2014. While we remain cautious about the overall environment for both Europe and the military, we were encouraged by the recent positive trends.
Our critical industries business saw volume increases across multiple sectors. Many of these gains can be attributed to a growing line of innovative new products, guided by strong customer connections gleaned through observations in the workplace and specifically designed for critical applications. In Asia-Pacific, we continued to build the “physicals”— manufacturing capacity, targeted product lines and distribution capability—resulting in substantial gains in bellwether markets like China and India.
3
     
The Snap-on Tools Group, our franchised mobile van network serving primarily vehicle repair technicians, posted net sales of $1.5 billion, up 7.1% from 2013. Excluding foreign currency translation, organic sales increased 7.6%. This represents the Group’s fifth consecutive year of organic sales growth greater than 7%, which has been achieved with essentially the same number of vans over the period. Growth in 2014 reflected higher sales both in the U.S. and internationally. Operating margin of 15.3% improved 100 basis points from a year ago. We believe these results are evidence of the growing financial and strategic strength of our franchise network.
The Snap-on Tools Group’s financial results are just
one indicator that our investments to enhance the opportunities for our franchisees’ success are paying off. Key franchisee metrics have continued to be favorable and satisfaction levels are among the best we’ve seen. Snap-on was once again recognized as a Top 50 Franchise by Franchise Business Review, which ranks companies based solely on actual franchisee satisfaction.
We’re helping our franchisees extend their reach through innovative selling processes and productivity initiatives that break the traditional time and space barriers inherent in a mobile van. A few examples of these process improvements include our demonstration vans that assist in the sale of big-ticket tool storage and diagnostic products, new mobile handheld versions of the franchisees’ point-of-sale system, and extended customer care call center hours, which help franchisees better focus on customers during peak selling times.
A steady stream of successful new product launches also continued to pay dividends. In 2014, Snap-on was again recognized by both Motor Magazine and Professional Tool and Equipment News (PTEN) with tool innovation awards. In addition, PTEN inaugurated its People’s Choice Awards, which featured the top 25 innovations selected by the publication’s readers—the actual users of the products. Snap-on won seven of the designations, the most by any company. Our array of innovative new products, coupled with robust financing programs through Snap-on Credit, enables our franchisees to engage even more of their technician customers and potentially capture more of their spending for productivity solutions.
   ENHANCE THE FRANCHISE NETWORK
As part of our strategic initiative
to further advance franchisee productivity, Snap-on has developed, with franchisee input, new mobile versions of our van point-of-sale
and operating system. Untethered from the computer on their van, franchisees can transact business with their customers all over the repair shop. Todd Gaulke, Snap-on Franchisee, uses the application on his tablet to complete an extended credit contract right in his customer’s repair bay. This merging of mobility and information helps our franchisees be more productive, increase their sales and be more successful
in their business.
4
 
    In the Repair Systems & Information Group (RS&I), which serves owners and managers of independent and OEM dealership service and repair shops, 2014 sales of $1.1 billion increased 8.5% year over year. Excluding acquisition- related sales and foreign currency translation, organic sales increased 4.9% on sales gains to OEM dealerships, increased sales of diagnostic and repair information products to independent repair shop owners and managers, and higher sales of undercar equipment. Operating margin for RS&I was 22.9% for the year.
In our businesses serving OEM dealerships, new customer wins in emerging markets and in other sectors like agriculture, as well as increased capabilities in adjacent areas such as heavy duty truck repair, are examples of RS&I expanding its reach in 2014. Through its commitment to Snap-on Value Creation, RS&I made significant progress in connecting with customers and translating the resulting insights into new innovation that solves specific customer challenges. In undercar equipment, our John Bean® V-Series wheel aligners range from units that help shop owners and managers offer wheel alignment service for the first time,
to productivity-focused aligners that are valued by high volume alignment shops, to advanced OEM solutions that match the newest car technologies. The SureTrack® software feature available in our Mitchell 1® repair information product provides real and expedited solutions based on actual repair data, helping technicians fix vehicles more quickly and more accurately. The new SOLUSTM Edge is our latest full-function scanner in a continuing series of successful handheld diagnostic launches. In fact, we extended to four years an unbroken string of Undercar Digest Top 10 awards for Snap-on diagnostic tools with the recognition of our VERUS® PRO and ETHOS®+ as among the year’s top products.
We also expanded our product lines in 2014 by acquiring Pro-Cut International, Inc., which designs and manufactures on-car brake lathes, as well as related equipment and accessories used in brake servicing by automotive repair facilities. Pro-Cut increased our existing undercar equipment product offering, broadened our established capabilities in serving vehicle repair facilities and expanded our presence with repair shop owners and managers.
5
  EXPAND WITH
REPAIR SHOP OWNERS AND MANAGERS
Since 2013, Snap-on has acquired two companies that give us more to sell to repair shop owners and managers. Challenger designs, manufactures and distributes a comprehensive line of vehicle lifts and accessories. Pro-Cut’s product line includes on-car brake lathes and related equipment used in brake servicing. These acquisitions increased our existing undercar equipment product offering, broadened our established capabilities in serving vehicle repair facilities and expanded our presence with both independent and OEM dealership service and repair shops.
                                                                               
  6
Financial Services revenue of $214.9 million in 2014 compared to $181.0 million in 2013; originations of $888.6 million in 2014 increased $110.9 million, or 14.3%, from the prior year. Snap-on has steadily grown
its financial services portfolio while maintaining healthy portfolio performance and credit metrics. In 2014, operating earnings from financial services of $149.1 million increased $23.4 million, or 18.6%, from 2013. In addition to solid financial contributions, Financial Services continues to serve a significant strategic role, creating opportunities across our organization, especially within the Snap-on Tools Group, by offering credit products and services that attract and sustain franchisees and support Snap-on’s strategies for expanding market coverage and penetration.
In November 2014, representing a fifth consecutive annual increase, our Board of Directors raised our quarterly cash dividend by 20.5% to $0.53 per share. This raise underscores
both the ongoing progress along our defined runways for coherent growth and the continuing improvements authored by our Snap-on Value Creation Processes. At the same time, it reinforces both our commitment to create long-term value for our shareholders and our belief that Snap-on is well- positioned for the future. Snap-on’s dividend remains a core element of our capital allocation strategy, as demonstrated by our payment of consecutive quarterly cash dividends, without interruption or reduction, since 1939.
We were pleased to welcome Ruth Ann M. Gillis, retired executive vice president and chief administrative officer of Exelon Corporation, and Donald J. Stebbins, president and chief executive officer of Superior Industries International, Inc., to the Board of Directors in July 2014 and January 2015, respectively. Both Ruth Ann and Don bring extensive experience and capabilities to our Board and our team.
  EXTEND TO
CRITICAL INDUSTRIES
Snap-on’s capabilities in solving the critical continue to expand beyond automotive repair in other industries where tasks require precision and control, are conducted in harsh and punishing environments, and have high consequences of failure. In power generation, Snap-on offers a growing line of innovative products— from solutions that facilitate utility transformer access, to insulated tools for working safely with electricity,
to spline sockets used in generator turbine maintenance. Developed through customer connection insights, these are just a few examples of products specifically designed for
solving challenges experienced by professionals in this space.
       
  In June 2014, we bid farewell to Roxanne J. Decyk, who served as a Board member since 1993. Throughout her 21 years of service to Snap-on, Roxanne always shared her extraordinary wisdom, advice and counsel both effectively and thoughtfully. We wish her all the best and are grateful for her years of dedicated, as well as distinguished, service.
In 2014, we made considerable progress in furthering our strategic position, with our results again reinforcing the strength of Snap-on’s value proposition of making work easier for serious professionals performing critical tasks in workplaces of consequence. In 2015, we will endeavor to reach more and more of these professionals by advancing further along each of our runways for coherent growth while at the same time making ongoing improvements through our Snap-on Value Creation Processes. We believe the strength of our businesses, coupled with our commitment to build upon our distinct combination of powerful capabilities, will continue to create long-term value for our shareholders as we go forward.
In 2015, Snap-on will observe its 95th anniversary. Beginning with founder Joe Johnson’s first invention, Snap-on has been shaped by work, sparked by ideas and celebrated by professionals. This is an integral part of who we are, where we’ve been and where we’re going. And it’s all been made possible by the skilled hands, agile minds and committed hearts of the people of Snap-on.
I thank our franchisees and associates worldwide for
their dedication and contributions, our Board of Directors
for its support and guidance, and our customers and shareholders for their continued confidence and commitment.
Nicholas T. Pinchuk
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  7
  BUILD IN
EMERGING MARKETS
Snap-on has been focused on building physical presence, developing tailored products and expanding distribution for the emerging markets of Asia-Pacific as repair industries develop in these rapidly growing economies. Snap-on’s Blue Point® stores in China are one example. Catering to vehicle service professionals, these stores, now located in 10 major cities in China, feature our line of solutions for China’s automotive repair industry under the Blue Point® brand, which has been part of Snap-on since the 1920s. These stores, located in proximity to concentrations of automotive dealerships and service centers in urban areas, are one of our several avenues for reaching more repair shops in this increasingly important market for Snap-on.
  