Stockholders Letter

Letter to our Stockholders 2009 was a year of rapid recovery from the downturn impacting the entire memory industry in 2008. The decisive actions that we undertook in the second half of 2008 and the first half of 2009, together with the significant improvements in supply-demand balance in our industry, drove a remarkable turnaround in our business. Revenue growth, earnings power and cash generation returned to SanDisk. We grew our OEM business and customer base significantly, continued our worldwide retail market share leadership and exited 2009 with a strong balance sheet, all providing a solid base for renewed growth in our business in 2010. 2009 Overview I would like to reflect on some of the noteworthy developments this past year: One of the most important actions that we took early in 2009 was the sale of slightly more than 20% of our captive wafer fab capacity to Toshiba. This helped us balance our supply with demand and significantly improved the financial strength of the Company. Additionally, we operated our wafer fabs at less than full utilization in the first half of 2009, and we stopped all new wafer capacity expansion for the year. The combination of these actions enabled us to quickly align our supply with demand and stem the previous unsustainable rate of price decline. It also provided us the flexibility to improve our product margins across our Retail and OEM channels. Prior to entering 2009, we restructured our internal operations and re-organized the Company into two market units focused on our Retail and OEM channels. This restructuring reduced our operating expenses by 25% in 2009 compared to the prior year. At the same time we expanded and diversified our OEM business, adding numerous new customers and growing our OEM product revenue by 54% on a year-over-year basis. Retail product revenue in 2009 declined 14% from 2008, due primarily to continued macroeconomic weakness, particularly in the U.S. and Europe. For 2009 as a whole, Retail and OEM each accounted for approximately 50% of our product revenues. We continued to expand our intellectual property (IP) portfolio with our worldwide patents now totaling more than 2,100. We renewed our IP cross-license and supply agreements with Samsung, with the new 7-year license agreement demonstrating the strength of our IP and our ability to monetize it. Our focus on operational execution served us well as business conditions improved markedly in the second half of the year, helping us meet growing customer demand. Our production capability continued to scale up, and we shipped a record volume of products in 2009, at an average rate of about 1.2 million units each day. On the technology front, we introduced our third generation NAND Flash, using three bits per cell (X3) architecture, well ahead of competition, and this contributed significantly to our highly competitive cost structure. In 2009, more than 50% of our NAND bits shipped were manufactured on X3 technology, and this enabled an overall cost per gigabyte reduction of 52% from the previous year; this was a major factor in the rapid expansion in product gross margin and improvement in overall profitability, particularly in the second half of 2009. Another significant factor was the industry-wide pricing environment experienced throughout the year, which helped the NAND Flash industry recover. As a result of our growing profitability and minimal capital investments during the year, we generated free cash flow of $438 million, ending the year with $3.0 billion in cash and marketable securities against $1.2 billion of debt on our balance sheet. Well Positioned for the Future At our February 2010 Investor Day Meeting, our theme of the day was "In the Coming Decade Flash will be Bigger than you Think". We have been a major contributor to creating new markets for flash-based storage solutions in our 22-year history, and we are now as optimistic as ever about the demand drivers for flash-based storage products in the years ahead. Our traditional markets such as imaging, USB drives, gaming, and audio/ video consume a significant amount of NAND flash today, and we expect demand to continue growing. The mobile phone market has become the largest market segment for consumption of NAND flash, with mobile phones increasingly using both removable and embedded flash solutions. Smartphones are projected to grow at a

steep rate and are fast becoming the "new Personal Computer." These trends, coupled with the rapid rise of the mobile internet and third-party mobile applications, are expected to fuel further strong growth in demand for flash memory over the next several years. New product categories such as Tablet Computers are expected to increasingly rely on flash storage to support thin form factors and to deliver attractive performance, speed and improved reliability. Even though solid state drives (SSDs) for laptop and netbook computers are currently expensive, continued technology advancements should enable further cost reductions to eventually attain a tipping point in price, and that should help drive widespread consumer adoption of SSDs over the next few years. Recently, we launched our G3 SSD and we are looking forward to being a significant player in this large emerging end-market. As we look to the future, SanDisk is exceptionally well positioned to benefit from growing NAND flash usage trends, and we enter 2010 with strong fundamentals, including our leading-edge technology and IP, our competitive captive manufacturing capacity, a broad and expanding array of embedded and removable flash storage products, a well accepted global brand, and a strong balance sheet. We would like to thank our employees worldwide for their dedication and strong contributions that made 2009 such a great turnaround story for the company. We also thank you, our shareholders, for your continuing support and confidence in SanDisk.

Eli Harari Chairman and CEO

Sanjay Mehrotra President and COO

