To our Stockholders, Fiscal 2006 was our best year ever. We delivered impressive financial performance. Our revenue base continued to diversify and our business model remained strong and consistent. We increased our retail presence in storefronts worldwide, and our leading market share grew in all major regions. Our investments in new markets, such as the mobile market, began to pay off and we were well positioned for sourcing as we continued to ramp Fab 3 and as we continued our aggressive cost cutting initiatives, such as the transition to 70 nanometer (nm) lithography. Strong Financial Results Revenue growth was strong with product revenue growing 42% for the year and we finished the year with a fourth quarter product revenue growth rate of 58% year-over-year, marking our first billion dollar quarter! On a SanDisk standalone basis, not including our acquisition of msystems Ltd., our 2006 price per megabyte declined 58% and our megabytes sold increased 221% -- continuing to demonstrate the price elasticity of demand for our markets. License and royalty revenues increased 38% to $331 million. Even with the aggressive pricing environment in 2006, our financial results remained within our target model as we reduced our product cost significantly. Cash provided from operations was $598 million, and we ended the year with cash, short-term investments and long-term investments of $3.3 billion. Technology and Manufacturing Leadership In 2006 we exceeded our forecasted ramp of 300 millimeter production capacity in our Fab 3 manufacturing venture with Toshiba. In addition, we completed the transition to 70nm process technology, which we believe enabled us to deliver the industry's lowest cost and highest performance 8 gigabit Multi Level Cell (MLC) NAND chip. Mid-year, Toshiba and SanDisk broke ground on the second 300 millimeter wafer fab, Fab 4, that is expected to begin operations in the fourth quarter of 2007 to primarily augment SanDisk's wafer supply in 2008 and beyond. Economies of large scale manufacturing at the leading edge are a crucial element of our vertical integration strategy and in 2006, the very cost competitive output from our captive fabs grew fourfold over the prior year, resulting in a decrease in the percentage of our wafer supply that we traditionally source from other manufacturers at less favorable costs. We continue to relentlessly drive technology and product innovations, and we have more than 600 issued U.S. patents and more than 300 foreign patents. For example, we have systems expertise leadership that we believe will become ever more important to achieving high performance, reliable Flash memory as we move to finer geometries in the next several years. Flash scaling is becoming quite challenging, and making the transitions to three (X3) or four (X4) bits per cell will make it even more challenging for all competitors. We are also continuing to invest in our 3D technology with a focus on developing read/write capabilities. msystems Acquisition Accelerates Innovation In November of 2006 we acquired msystems, a Flash pioneer and an outstanding addition to SanDisk with their shared vision of NAND expansion, complementary products, IP strength, OEM customers and an excellent team specializing in Flash storage systems engineering and marketing. Since the acquisition just a few months ago, this team has launched a new solid state Flash drive for notebook computers and their OEM embedded products nicely complement our mobile card products, providing us with the industry's broadest handset storage product lineup. The integration of our two companies is proceeding on track and we plan to further leverage the legacy msystems team to increase our international growth by creating differentiated and highly innovative new products, for example, USBTV which is soon to be launched. Thriving in Challenging Market Conditions In the first quarter of 2007, conditions in our markets deteriorated markedly due to industry-wide excess supply of NAND MLC from some of our largest competitors, coupled with the traditionally slower demand in the first quarter. This has caused pricing of NAND components to decline at a precipitous rate that exceeds the cost reductions in the same timeframe, thereby adversely impacting product gross margins. We believe SanDisk's channel strength, competitive costs and balance sheet position us well for this difficult cycle and we are focused on emerging from the near-term challenges as a stronger company. We will continue to invest in rapid technology transitions to drive lower costs and infrastructure to support our projected long-term growth. In the near-term, however, our margins may remain under pressure throughout 2007. We expect strong growth in demand later this year, which will help bring back a better balance between demand and supply. Until the market is in better balance, we have implemented cost cutting measures, including a reduction-in-force, a salary freeze for employees and salary reductions for executives until conditions improve. We continue to believe that our industry will be characterized by periods of excess supply as well as supply shortages, and we are well positioned to traverse these cycles successfully.

Shareholder Letter

Excellent Prospects for Future Growth In 2006, all our key markets grew and we had outstanding year-over-year revenue growth of 179% in mobile, 93% in digital audio and 55% in USB drives. We believe that the mobile segment will continue to be the fastest growing market for SanDisk in 2007. We pioneered the microSDTM card that has become the mobile industry de-facto card standard, and we currently sell products to all the major handset manufacturers and have been expanding into the mobile retail market. Cell phones with new applications are fueling growth for Flash storage and we believe digital music will drive user preference for higher NAND capacities in portable digital audio players. We are also pleased with the growth in our Sansa» MP3 line of products and we have emerged as an innovator in this category, with the launch of the industry's first Wi-Fi» based MP3 player and the introduction of our first video-enabled pocket-sized media player. USB drives continue to experience good growth and we believe there are strong opportunities, particularly in the enterprise segment and in geographies where our market share is currently low. Furthermore, new capabilities such as U3TM enabled smart drives and Windows» ReadyBoostTM enabled USB drives should continue to expand the market in this business. SanDisk's sales of digital imaging cards has continued to grow with the growing penetration of high resolution cameras, increasing attach rates of cards and SanDisk's leading performance in speed and reliability. In early 2007, we launched solid state drives for notebook computers that are designed to provide better user productivity with less down time and failures, faster boot times and reduced latency for random searches as well as a longer battery life. We believe demand for our products can continue to grow at a hefty rate in the next several years. In conclusion, while 2006 was a very good year for SanDisk, 2007 is shaping up as quite a challenging year for the industry and for SanDisk. Our focus in 2007 is to put all our energy on product innovation and leading edge technology to drive down costs. We appreciate the continuing support and confidence of our customers, dedicated employees, strategic partners, suppliers and stockholders. Realizing the full potential of SanDisk is a multi-year endeavor requiring vision, passion, commitment, and the long-term strategic investments that are necessary to fulfill the new opportunities. The digital revolution in consumer electronics and communications has positioned Flash storage at center stage and Flash has rapidly become more pervasive than any other memory technology. The growing importance of Flash storage is not surprising and for us it represents a coming together of our vision of the past 19 years. I am proud of our accomplishments and confident that together, with the continued support of all of our stakeholders, SanDisk's destiny is to make a major impact in our markets in the years ahead -- our best is yet to come!

Eli Harari Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

