To our Stockholders, 2003 was an outstanding year for SanDisk: Revenues nearly doubled to $1.1 billion, earnings per share increased 198% to $2.03, and megabytes sold grew by 235%. With industry sales of ÷ash cards exceeding $3 billion in 2003, SanDisk is the clear global market leader, accounting for approximately one in every three cards sold. Our three largest markets for cards Ã digital cameras, multi-media cell phones and USB ÷ashdrives are growing at a rapid pace, and the use of ÷ash storage continues to proliferate in numerous new markets including mobile/wireless consumer and industrial applications. 2003 was also a year where we began to see considerably higher revenues from licenses and royalties; a direct result of the success of our unique IP strategy. With ÷ash storage markets projected to grow to $12 billion in the next —ve years, we believe that SanDisk is attractively positioned to be a major bene—ciary of these exciting opportunities and we plan to invest aggressively in leading edge ÷ash technology, advanced low-cost manufacturing capacity, accelerated product introductions, and new global sales channels. Financial Highlights Revenue growth was exceptionally strong in the retail and OEM channels, in all geographies and in our licensing and royalty revenues. Demand was fueled by the rapid growth in our target markets, aided in part through lower pricing for ÷ash memory. Retail sales in 2003 represented approximately 64% of total product sales and much of the growth was derived from new products introduced during the year. OEM sales grew 110% during the year. In 2003, our licensing and royalty income increased to $97 million, compared to $48 million in 2002. Product gross margins increased to 35% from 29% in 2002, despite a yearover-year decline of 40% in the price per megabyte sold, due primarily to our technology-driven aggressive cost reduction programs. Operating income was 23% of revenue. Cash from operations grew by over $270 million during the year and we completed a follow-on o≈ering netting $522 million, resulting in cash and short-term investments in excess of $1.2 billion at year-end. Market Leadership We expanded our global retail reach to more than 60,000 worldwide retail outlets and over 50% of our total revenues came from outside North America. We are continuing to expand into new channels and new geographies, including China, India, Europe and Asia. Our product line breadth and depth and strong retail relationships have enabled us to be the worldwide leader in ÷ash cards. You will soon see in magazines and on television the start of our new branding campaign under the tagline Ã ""Store Your World in Ours''. In the —rst quarter of 2004 we introduced a number of new and important products. SanDisk Shoot and StoreTM cards are positioned as the —rst ""consumable'' ÷ash —lm cards and will be sold globally through supermarkets, drugstores and convenience stores. TransFlash is positioned as a new concept for semiembedded/semi-removable modules for multimedia cell phones. Memory Stick PRO and PRO Duo were introduced spanning capacities from 32 megabytes to 2 gigabytes, with Standard, Ultra and ExtremeTM versions, representing the broadest o≈ering for this card format. Our Cruzer USB ÷ashdrive lineup now includes Mini, Micro and Titanium versions and has been well received in the market. Intellectual Property SanDisk has 339 patents issued and more patents pending in the areas of ÷ash chip design, process, device, controllers, MLC and system architecture for cards and hosts. Income from royalties is expected to continue to grow in 2004. In addition to contributing substantially to our pro—tability, these patents have been key to securing preferential long-term ÷ash supply agreements. With new competitors announcing plans to enter our markets, we intend to continue to leverage our growing IP, and where necessary, to vigorously pursue infringers. Technology and Manufacturing Excellence We invented ÷ash cards in 1988 and have been an unrelenting innovator ever since. Our vertical integration strategy, as well as our philosophy for partnering with other industry leaders provides us with valuable scalability in up cycles and ÷exibility in down cycles. In 2003 and through most of 2004, our production technology is based primarily on .13 micron NAND and NAND/ MLC (Multilevel Cell). We are currently on track to complete development and begin volume production of the next generation 90-nanometer NAND ÷ash technology starting in the second half of 2004. With our partner Toshiba, we are well along in the development of 70-nanometer NAND ÷ash, which we expect to become our workhorse production technology in 2006. A New Fab Anticipating strong growth in demand for ÷ash memory in the coming years, we have announced plans to make substantial new investments over the next three years, with Toshiba, in our FlashVision Joint Venture, to build a new fabrication facility, Fab 3. This planned fab will be a 300 millimeter

advanced NAND wafer fab in Yokkaichi, Japan and the investment is expected to be funded from a combination of leases, bank loans and cash assets. In conclusion, I am proud of our excellent execution, unrelenting innovation, and our employees whose passion and hard work have made us the global leader in our markets. We are exceptionally well positioned to bene—t from future growth in these young mega markets with our leading products, strong retail presence, broad OEM customer reach, a successful vertical integration business model, and a proven IP strategy. We very much appreciate the continuing support and con—dence of our customers, employees and stockholders. The Future of Flash is Everywhere. Store Your World in Ours!

Eli Harari President and Chief Executive O«cer

This letter contains forward looking statements that are based on our current expectations and beliefs. These forward looking statements are subject to many risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to di≈er materially, including those discussed in our 2003 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 28, 2003 —led with the Securities and Exchange Commission and included with this letter.

