Our Valued Shareholders: We closed 2006 with another record quarter and full year of revenues and earnings. Each quarter throughout the 2006 year, we achieved many new milestones and record results. We started the year on a more solid footing to grow our business and continued the momentum we experienced in the second half of 2005. It is from this perspective that I want to share additional thoughts on our fiscal 2006 and on our plans for fiscal 2007. Before discussing our accomplishments for 2006 and our out- look for 2007, I would like to provide a brief reflection on our last five years in the IT distribution market place. Unlike most technology companies, we recovered with agility and tenacity from the technology downturn. Excluding the sale of our Japan operation in 2005, we have nearly doubled our revenues and profit since fiscal 2002. During these five years, we made quite a few strategic acquisitions that supported our business initia- tives and set the stage for the growth opportunities we are nurturing today. We gained entry into software distribution with the Gates/Arrow and License Online acquisitions, entered the Mexican market through our Novitech acquisition, expanded our Canadian business by merging with EMJ Data Systems, and recently, complemented our subsidiary BSA Sales through the acquisition of Concentrix, to offer our customers fullyintegrated marketing services and solutions. We will take advantage of our experiences and capitalize on lessons learned over the past five years and use them as valuable resources as we execute in the coming years.

2006 - A Very Good Year:
For fiscal 2006, our revenues grew 12.5% to $6.34 billion. Our GAAP net income from continuing operations increased to $51.4 million or $1.61 per share from $39.6 million or $1.27 per share in 2005. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding restructuring, non-recurring items and share-based compensation expense, our net income from continuing operations was $53.8 million or $1.68 per share compared to $42.2 million or $1.36 per share in 2005.The close of 2006 marked our 78th consecutive profitable quarter, a streak that is unmatched in our industry. The core of our business strategy and a direct contributor to our success are our consistency and focus on profitability. We recognize that a large portion of our success in 2006 and over the years can be attributed to our loyal customers, OEM suppliers and employees. We have built our business around providing the right services to satisfy the growing needs of all of our partners. A recent example is our effort to provide our customers with more solutions based services. As a result, we formed ourTechnology Solutions Division (TSD) two years ago, which is a combination of our higher margin and higher value­added networking, automatic identification and data capture, document management, enterprise, security and telephony businesses.The investments we have made inTSD have begun to payoff. We closed the 2006 year with approximately $250 million in TSD revenues and we have a target for 2007 of $350 million. Another example of providing the right services and products to satisfy the growing needs of our partners is the launch in the fall of 2006 of our Consumer Electronics Division, branded as NEXCE, to address the increasing convergence of the digital marketplace. We have been able to capitalize on our long- standing relationships with both OEM partners and the retail community to quickly establish a strong consumer electronics offering. I am pleased that we

recently began selling the MiTAC International GPS product line called Mio. During this past holiday season, this product proved to be one of our best sellers. Internally, we continue to focus on many different initiatives beyond TSD and NEXCE to help improve our productivity and service offerings as well as to create new business opportunities to support our future growth.

Our core distribution business continued to produce strong revenue growth during 2006, as our U.S. and Canadian businesses contributed a combined 13% year-over-year increase.Through good organic growth and the acquisition of Azerty United in Canada during the first half of 2006, we became the second largest distributor of IT products in Canada during fiscal 2006. Contributing to our solid growth in our distribution business, we launched a new program to enhance our value and commitment to our customers' and vendors' profitable growth.The results of our customer and vendor intimacy program have yielded better serviced customers, improved our customer knowledge base and provided a solid foundation for future business initiatives. We will continue this program in 2007 in hopes for the same positive results. Our operation in Mexico turned an important corner in 2006 and is now making a significant financial contribution to our bottom line.This progress is due to our improvements in operational efficiencies and to a long-term business project for the Mexican government that we engaged in and successfully won in partnership with one of our Mexico customers. During 2006 our system assembly business continued to play an important role in our overall business strategy. During the year we continued to leverage our expertise in broadline distribution with our award winning system manufacturing capabilities and developed a unique business model to target the growing system builder community. In support of this segment of customers and leveraging our strong relationships with our OEM partners, we have utilized our extensive technical expertise to build products ranging from workstations to sophisticated supercomputing solutions. Our assembly talents were recognized in October of 2006 by Sun Microsystems for our excellence in external manufacturing. In partnership with MiTAC International, we were awarded the 2006 Meritorious Performance Supplier. We are very proud of this accomplishment.

Our 2007 Outlook:
Overall, we expect our outlook for 2007 to be another solid year of growth and earnings. Here is our game plan: For our distribution business we will continue to gain market share by adding more value-based services and leveraging our efficient business model and will further continue to invest in and develop our new distribution businesses like TSD and NEXCE.

For our assembly business, we will continue to diversify this business with the addition of new customers and by providing these customers with end-to-end supply chain solutions. We will also further invest in our Concentrix business which was successfully integrated into our BSA Sales organization during the fourth quarter of 2006. Fully-integrated marketing services and solutions offer much higher gross margins and the opportunity for better operating and net returns. We believe there will be many synergies between the newly formed Concentrix and SYNNEX in the future. Given our low cost operation in China, we believe we can create additional business process outsourcing opportunities for our Concentrix customers. And finally, we will continue to pursue acquisitions that will seek to expand our service offerings and yield a high return on investment. For 2007, we see many opportunities for SYNNEX. We will move forward with optimism and strong determination to execute on our business plan. I would like to thank our customers, supplier partners and shareholders for their continued support and confidence in SYNNEX. Most importantly I would also like to thank our loyal employees worldwide. SYNNEX is a market leader in the IT supply chain because of our employees' hard work and daily execution. I look forward to sharing our accomplishments with you throughout the 2007 year. Sincerely, Rober t T. Huang President and Chief Executive Officer

