To Our Shareholders
The year 2003 marked a milestone in our corporate history. In a period that was among the most painful in memory for the technology sector, SYNNEX managed to grow and prosper, achieving the kind of performance in our marketplace that allowed us to become a public company. In this inaugural publication of our Annual Report as a public company, I would like to share with you our recent accomplishments, our business model and strategy, and our vision for the future. For FY2003, SYNNEX delivered $4.1 billion in revenues, up 9.5% from the prior year. Our distribution business accounted for over 94% of the revenues and increased 14.8% over the prior year. This was not an anomaly: through organic growth and strategic acquisitions we have increased our distribution revenue 79% over the past three years, arguably three of the toughest years in IT history. Moreover, we increased our distribution revenues quarter over prioryear quarter consistently for three years running. Our contract assembly business, at revenues of $231 million, declined 38.2% over the prior year by contrast. However, we did experience a substantial rise of 71% in revenues between the first and second half of the fiscal year. We believe we saw the bottom of this business in mid-2003 and should see a healthier picture in the coming year. Operating income of $57.9 million, at 1.4% of revenues, represented a growth of 14.6% from the prior year. Both our distribution and contract assembly businesses delivered a higher operating margin in FY2003 over FY2002. Net income for the year was $30 million, or $1.22 per share. In a challenging year in which we had to compete fiercely to grow our market share and our revenues, we again delivered financial performance unmatched by our peers. I would like to take a moment and address the issues of risk and margins in the distribution business. As a distributor, we carry little fixed assets on our balance sheet. That is why we can respond quickly to changing market conditions. While it is true that inventory and accounts receivable are part of the value we bring to the channel, both risks are mitigated -- inventories typically carry price protection from suppliers, and accounts receivable risks are generally diversified by the large number of customers. Further, we do not have any technology risks similar to many IT product companies. As for margins, we generated $188 million in gross profit last year, or 4.6% in gross margin. In the distribution business, the relevant question is the scope of operation necessary to support a certain level of revenue. In FY2003, SYNNEX spent $130 million in its operations to support $4.1 billion in revenues. For every dollar of operating expense, we generated $1.45 in gross profit, or $0.45 of operating profit. We believe that the ratio between gross profit and operating expense (1.45:1) is the one measure that is most representative of our ability to make profits. This ratio places us as an industry leader. It demonstrates the productivity with which we perform, and accounts for our ability to consistently deliver profitability to the bottom line.

2

"Looking ahead, we are energized by the opportunities we see. We will continue to innovate in our operation to deliver the highest efficiency in our industry."

Rome was not built in a day. The FY2003 results were achieved by building on the foundation of a company with over 20 years of operating experience. Since the beginning, we have always emphasized the delivery of value to all our constituents. Our mission is to maximize supply chain economics, and we do so by building a highly efficient operation, focusing on a select set of suppliers, simplifying our service offerings to ones our customers really want, and delivering service that is transparent to our customers. Over sixteen consecutive years of profitability came from our strict adherence to this operating model. We did it with a set of corporate values that has gelled a stable and productive work force, and a proprietary IT system that provides critical visibility into our operations. We value integrity, teamwork, loyalty, and hard work. We have a stable senior management team with an average of over 10 years in tenure. This means that we can make decisions fast, and respond quickly to change. We empower our employees with information they need to be effective. With our proprietary IT system in place, we have visibility into every aspect of our services and operation to deliver the highest quality service to our channel partners. Our culture and proprietary IT system enable us to build a business model that is both flexible and scalable. We are able to add distribution centers without incurring exorbitant costs with each new addition. We have quickly absorbed large numbers of employees through acquisition and have gotten them productive right away. Time and again, we have adapted to changing market conditions quickly, in good markets and bad, and delivered financial performance year after year. Looking ahead, we are energized by the opportunities we see. We will continue to innovate in our operation to deliver the highest efficiency in our industry. We will weave together no-frill services that address the sweet spot in the channel, so that SYNNEX may be a compelling partner to our suppliers and provide real value to our customers. We will acquire opportunistically to fuel our growth, and to enhance our long-term profitability. We will continue to flex with the environment so as to be a force wherever we apply our resources. Finally, I want to thank our customers and suppliers for their business, and our employees for their diligence. I also would like to extend my appreciation to Matthew Miau, our Chairman, for his leadership and support, and our independent directors for their guidance on corporate direction and governance. We are committed to building a great company of which our shareholders can be proud, and look forward to sharing the fruits of our growth and success with you.

Thank you,

Robert Huang President and Chief Executive Officer

3

