Letter to Shareholders
Kevin Murai, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Our Valued Shareholders:

"In each quarter of 2009, SYNNEX had excellent success, growing year-over-year EPS and return on invested capital (ROIC), while also growing in market share."

I shared with you last year in our letter to shareholders, that our success would be driven by our competitive position and our ability to execute and deliver value for our customer and vendor partners. In each quarter of 2009, SYNNEX had excellent success, growing year-over-year EPS and return on invested capital (ROIC), while also growing in market share. These are outstanding accomplishments, especially given the 2009 economic environment. For fiscal 2009, even as the overall IT market experienced double digit declines in demand, SYNNEX achieved revenue of $7.72 billion, on par with fiscal 2008. Most importantly, our net income increased by 10% to $92.1 million or $2.70 per share, up from $83.8 million or $2.52 per share in fiscal 2008. Our focus on improving working capital management continued throughout the year, an initiative that we targeted for improvement over the past few years. We are seeing the benefits of our efforts in reduced capital requirements to fund our operations; and for each quarter throughout 2009, we improved our ROIC on a year-over-year basis, with the fourth quarter marking the 9th quarter in a virtual string of year-over-year ROIC improvements. I believe there are two essential keys to our success: first is the way we manage our business and the second is our business strategy.

Net Revenues
(dollars in billons)

Operating Income from Continuing Operations
(dollars in millons) $146.4 $149.6

Net Income
(dollars in millons) $92.1 $83.8

Diluted Earnings per Share
(dollars) $2.70 $2.52 $1.93

$7.7 $7.0

$7.7 $109.5 $63.1

2007

2008

2009

2007

2008

2009

2007

2008

2009

2007

2008

2009

The way we manage our business drives competitive advantage through:  Our differentiated business model that includes our core distribution

segment, including our contract assembly business, and our global business services (GBS) segment;
 Our highly efficient, low-cost operating model with our focused

line-card, proprietary ERP system and our streamlined low-cost infrastructure; and
 Our focus on customer service and superior execution, a result of our

strong culture of perseverance and "can-do" attitude.
Our business strategy is also a key differentiator. Solid execution of our strategy has helped enable us to separate SYNNEX from its traditional competitors. We have a three-pronged strategy, consisting of:  Differentiation through our service offerings including BPO, logistics,

"We believe we can continue to outperform and lead our industry with superior operational and financial metrics in the future."

manufacturing design and assembly, true demand generation capabilities and professional services;
 Our focus on growth and investments in adjacent, high-growth markets,

such as consumer electronics, data capture and point-of-sale, enterprise technology solutions, and managed services, which allows us to compete across the spectrum of both broad line and enterprise or value distribution markets; and
 Our focus on continuous optimization of our core business through

cost efficiencies, working capital management, targeted line-card expansion and enhanced go-to-market capabilities.
These differentiators and strategic focus areas are in large part the

reason that SYNNEX has been able to consistently deliver value to our customer and vendor partners and in doing so, deliver on our industryleading financial results to you, our shareholders. This is also why we believe we can continue to outperform and lead our industry with superior operational and financial metrics in the future. Our core distribution segment demonstrated a keen discipline throughout 2009 by continuing to improve operating margins and net income. Within this business segment, we continue to differentiate SYNNEX through superior execution, strong customer focus as well as traction and growth in our service offerings. In addition, we have focused our go-to-market efforts on high-growth verticals and technology platforms such as the healthcare industry, professional audio and visual, unified communications and enterprise computing.

In 2009, we made good progress in expanding our higher growth, higher margin business units and gained traction in these strategic initiatives:  Our Enterprise Server and Storage Group increased the number of

customers by 50% in 2009, over the same time period in 2008.
 Our revenue in the enterprise server business increased by 11%

in 2009, over the same time period in 2008. This shows that even though this market has not yet come back as fast as others, we are winning business in this target market.
 We are also winning notable share in the networking space.

Our share is up by 40% year-over-year for the vendors we serve.
 Our fourth quarter Integrated Communications Group business

increased revenue by more than 50% over the same period as a year ago.
 Our fourth quarter 2009 managed print services revenue

more than doubled over the fourth quarter of 2008, with over 550 million images printed in our fourth quarter 2009.
A highlight in 2009 was the success with our entry into the consumer electronics (CE) market through our 2008 acquisition of New Age Electronics, Inc. We have really just begun to tap into this estimated $185 billion market. The CE business represents a significant growth opportunity for SYNNEX in the coming years and we will look to replicate our past success by adding to our arsenal in this and other adjacent markets. Our recently announced pending acquisition of Jack of All Games, Inc., a leading video game distributor, will provide us a strong foothold in the console and computer games market and is very complementary to our CE business. Through this acquisition, we expect to realize good cross-selling revenue growth opportunities, cost and efficiency synergies between our two businesses and to gain a net new set of customers and vendors. We also continue to invest in our higher margin GBS segment, which continues to be an important aspect of our business process services strategy and company-wide value proposition. Our GBS segment was an important contributor to our financial accomplishments for fiscal 2009 and remains a key differentiator for SYNNEX.

"Our GBS segment was an important contributor to our financial accomplishments for fiscal 2009 and remains a key differentiator for SYNNEX."

Our success was driven by better utilization of our facilities and agents and our ability to expand our share of wallet with our existing portfolio of customers. GBS' core focus is to help vendors manage the complete life cycle of their end customers by providing an entire suite of services. These services encompass lead generation to technical support to renewals and refresh management. GBS continues to gain traction and attract customers within IT and other adjacent markets.
Looking Forward

"Our strategy remains focused on growing our business by adding more value-added services up and down the supply-chain while driving increased profit at improving ROIC levels ..."

As always, we intend to grow our business profitably and faster than the overall market. Our strategy remains focused on growing our business by adding more value-added services up and down the supplychain while driving increased profit at improving ROIC levels through higher-growth verticals, adjacent markets and growth within our BPO service offerings. Our market continues to present significant opportunities for growth and expansion for SYNNEX, not only organically but also through adjacent market opportunities. The North American IT market remains very large and is estimated at $250 billion. Roughly $60 billion of that spend is forecasted to go through the distribution channel. Many are predicting modest positive growth in North American IT spend for 2010 and believe it could be even stronger. We remain optimistic about our opportunities in 2010, and in any case, we are once again poised and equipped for above market success, just as we accomplished in 2009. Also, we will continue to pursue synergistic, value-enhancing acquisitions that are expected to provide a high ROIC. We would like to thank our customers and suppliers, and you, our shareholders, for your continued support and confidence in SYNNEX. We would also like to thank the members of the SYNNEX Board of Directors and our loyal employees worldwide for their continued hard work and daily execution that have helped place SYNNEX in a leadership position within this competitive industry. We look forward to growing the value of SYNNEX and sharing our continuing accomplishments with you during fiscal 2010. Sincerely,

Kevin Murai President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

