LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

Our Valued Shareholders:
Our fiscal 2008 was a year of significant milestones in our company's history. Each quarter throughout the year marked an achievement for the company that further solidified our ongoing transformation as a leading business process services company. SYNNEX Corporation achieved industry leading results with record breaking revenue, profits and returns, and we did so in the midst of a recession. These results demonstrate the effectiveness of our business strategy and low cost model. We owe our success to our loyal partners and customers, our seasoned management team and talented associates world-wide. I joined SYNNEX in March of 2008, as Co-CEO, sharing the role with SYNNEX' founder, Bob Huang. On December 1, 2008, Bob retired as President and Co-CEO after more than 28 years and became the Chairman of the Board of Directors. At that time, I became President and sole CEO of SYNNEX. Over the past 28 years, Bob's leadership and vision have built SYNNEX into a Fortune 500 Company, dedicated to technology products distribution and global business services. Bob had the foresight to recruit the very best people, many of whom are with SYNNEX today. He nurtured a culture of cooperation, hard work, dedication and an undeniable "can do" attitude. This is the greatest competitive advantage we have, and perhaps Bob's greatest legacy. It is because of our associates world-wide and our competitive advantages that SYNNEX has achieved record levels in revenue, operating income, net income and earnings per share for fiscal 2008.

Kevin Murai
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

Net Revenues
(dollars in billions) 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 0 2006 2007 2008 $7.0 $6.3 $7.8

Operating Income
(dollars in millions) 200

Net Income
(dollars in millions) 100 $83.8 80 $151.8 $63.1 60 40 20 0 $51.4

Diluted Earnings per Share
from Continuing Operations (dollars) 3.0 2.5 2.0 1.5 1.0 $1.93 $1.61 $2.52

150 $112.1 100 $96.2

50

0.5 0.0 2006 2007 2008 2006 2007 2008

0 2006 2007 2008

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

We are very proud of all of these accomplishments and remain committed to enhancing value to our vendors, customers and shareholders.

2008 -- A Year of Success and Continued Business Model Evolution
For fiscal 2008, our revenue grew 11% to $7.77 billion. Our net income increased by over 30% to $83.8 million or $2.52 per share, up from $63.1 million or $1.93 per share in fiscal 2007. The close of fiscal 2008 marked our 86th consecutive profitable quarter, a record unmatched in our industry. We continued to evolve and diversify our business towards our vision of becoming a leading business process services company. Not only did we maximize the benefits of the acquisitions we made throughout fiscal 2007, we also added to our arsenal with the acquisition of New Age Electronics (NAE), a leading distributor of consumer electronics products. We closed the acquisition of NAE in the beginning of April 2008. The acquisition of NAE is significant, expanding our reach into the consumer electronics and retail marketplace and adding a new set of customers SYNNEX had previously not reached. The NAE acquisition also provides synergies to cross-sell consumer electronics products to our existing customer base while offering our broadline products and services to the NAE clientele. Our Technology Solutions Division (TSD), which focuses on higher-value, higher-margin products, such as networking, data capture/point-of-sale, enterprise, document management, security, and converged telecommunications, performed to plan during fiscal 2008 and we will continue to invest in this area in fiscal 2009. Our core distribution business demonstrated a keen discipline throughout fiscal 2008 by consistently improving both operating margins and net income during a challenging economic environment. Within our distribution business segment, we continue to differentiate ourselves with the utilization of our extensive contract assembly and supply chain management expertise to procure, assemble, and distribute products ranging from computing appliances to sophisticated supercomputing solutions through our Systems Integration Division (SID). SID leverages our expertise in broadline distribution with our award-winning system design and contract assembly capabilities and is targeted at the system builder community.

" We continued to evolve and diversify our business towards our vision of becoming a leading business process services company."

SYNNEX Corporation Board of Directors
Our Global Business Services (GBS) division exceeded our expectations and contributed nicely to our bottom line for fiscal 2008. It remains a key differentiator for SYNNEX. GBS consists of three key focus areas: (1) customer relationship management, including technical support, direct sales and lead generation; (2) process management, providing back office support for services, such as accounts payable, accounts receivable and supply chain management services, as well as higher-end services, such as data analysis and creative content management for our customers; and (3) IT services and Internet services provided by our investment in HiChina Web Solutions, representing the standard IT outsourcing types of business.

Back row, from left: Duane Zitzner, James Van Horne, Matthew Miau ­ Chairman Emeritus, Greg Quesnel. Front row, from left: Fred Breidenbach, Robert Huang ­ Chairman of the Board, Kevin Murai, Dwight Steffensen.

Looking Forward
For fiscal 2009, we continue to see many opportunities for SYNNEX as we implement our business strategy. In the midst of a recession, we believe our focused approach and efficient business model will empower us to outperform our peers. Our plans include the following: For our distribution business, we expect to gain market share by leveraging our efficient cost structure and providing more value-added services. We will continue to seek out synergistic opportunities across the organization

LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS

to minimize costs and maximize revenue, profit and returns. We expect to invest in and develop our specialized distribution businesses, such as TSD, SID, retail and consumer electronics. For our GBS business, we expect to invest in and develop this business to support the higher-value, multi-touch business that creates additional value-add for our vendors and their end customers. We expect to add services that our customers value and that allow them to focus on their core competencies. Moreover, we will continue to prudently manage our costs in accordance with the growth of this business. Finally, we will continue to opportunistically pursue synergistic, valueenhancing acquisitions that are expected to provide a high return on invested capital. We remain vigilant about execution and value creation even with the uncertainty in the economy. We are confident that, with our disciplined focus on customer service and efficiency, we expect to outperform the marketplace. We would like to thank our customers and suppliers, and you, our shareholders, for your continued support and confidence in SYNNEX. We would also like to thank our loyal employees world-wide for their continued hard work and daily execution that have helped place SYNNEX in a leadership position within this competitive industry. We look forward to sharing our accomplishments with you in fiscal 2009. Sincerely,

" We remain vigilant about execution and value creation even with the uncertainty in the economy. We are confident that, with our disciplined focus on customer service and efficiency, we expect to outperform the marketplace."

Kevin Murai President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

