From the Chairman & CEO
There is no question that the economy is at a very uncertain point right now. This economic weakening has justifiably had an impact on the equity markets, including our own stock price. Even with terrific operational performance in 2007 and a solid growth strategy for 2008, our stock price declined from $101.29 at December 31, 2006 to $86.86 in 2007, and as I write this letter, it is trading slightly above year-end levels. After six years of outstanding stockholder returns, our total return to stockholders in 2007 was a disappointing negative 11.3%.
While I understand the concerns about the current state
of our economy and the potential impact it may have
on our industry, I believe our stockholders should take comfort that SPG is a profitable and growing business, with a predictable income stream and positive cash flow. We have a strong development and redevelopment pipeline and retailer leases with rents that are below market. We have excellent prospects for earnings growth in 2008 and beyond in spite of the macroeconomic turmoil.
2007 Annual Report
  David Simon, Chairman & CEO
Some of the key attributes of Spg to keep in mind:
high Quality portfolio. We have assembled a high quality portfolio of assets with a number of the country’s most recognized retail venues including Roosevelt Field and Woodbury Common Premium Outlets in New York; Lenox Square and Phipps Plaza in Atlanta; Sawgrass Mills and The Florida Mall in Florida; Houston Galleria in Houston, Texas; and The Forum Shops at Caesars in Las Vegas. Much of our real estate is irreplaceable – well-located, fortress assets that perform well through all economic cycles and provide tremendous opportunities for future growth.
Five major platforms. We operate from five major platforms – regional malls, Premium Outlet Centers®, The Mills®, community/lifestyle centers, and our international business. Within our domestic platforms, nearly all retail distribution channels are represented.
We are uniquely positioned as an owner, operator and developer across multiple retail formats – not one of our competitors has the depth or breadth of our portfolio – and this provides several advantages, including but not limited to:
c Many of our retailers operate in more than one format (i.e. Saks Fifth Avenue and Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th). A presence in multiple formats allows us to better address retailers’ growth plans and it deepens our relationships with the retailers, making us in many cases their largest landlord.
c We can obtain greater penetration in major metropolitan markets through the ownership of assets in multiple formats. c Operating synergies are available through economies of scale.
c It allows us to build the right product in the right location, resulting in higher returns.
c Exporting our expertise abroad results in first class international retail real estate developments.
We are a retail real estate Landlord, not a retailer. We don’t have to choose which merchandise will be fashionable or in demand in the upcoming season; we just have to own the best location. We are a retail landlord with a growing revenue stream. Our leases with tenants are long-term in nature, with only 11 to 12% of leases expiring each year.
3

Simon Property Group, Inc.
 There is significant embedded value in the below market leases in our portfolio. In the regional mall portfolio, more than 27 million square feet of leases expire over the next five years at an average rent of $36.26 per square foot, while new leases are currently being executed with rents in the low-to-mid $40’s per square foot. In the Premium Outlet portfolio over the next five years, 9.5 million square feet of leases will expire at an average rent of $24.41 per square foot, while new leases are currently being executed at approximately $30 per square foot and higher.
Consistent revenue growth is evidenced by the fact that since our initial public offering (“IPO”) in December of 1993, total consolidated revenue has increased every year. Total revenue from 1994 to 2007 grew at a compound annual growth rate of 17%. Consolidated revenue in 2007 increased 9.6%, to $3.651 billion from $3.332 billion in 2006.
geographic Diversity of our U.S. portfolio. We own or have an interest
in 320 properties in the U.S. and Puerto Rico comprising 242 million square
feet of gross leasable area (“GLA”).
Our focus for future acquisition and development opportunities is in the growing metropolitan markets. We currently own or have an interest in
80 regional malls, 14 Premium Outlet Centers® and 14 Mills® in the top 25 largest U.S. markets. Over 44% of our total net operating income (“NOI”) is generated by these assets. Additionally, the geographic diversity of our portfolio helps mitigate the impact of variances in regional economic conditions.
international presence. Ours is a global company, with interests in 51 European shopping centers in France, Italy and Poland; six Premium Outlet Centers® in Japan; and one Premium Outlet Center® in both Mexico and Korea. We also have five shopping centers under construction in China – one is scheduled to open in 2008 and the remaining four are expected to open in 2009.
We have already created significant value through our international development activities, as demonstrated by the $91 million gain recognized in 2007 on the sale of five assets in Poland.
robust Development and redevelopment pipeline. We have identified a pipeline of over $5 billion of projects in the U.S. and abroad scheduled to open over the next four to five years that we expect will generate significant stockholder value. In 2008, we plan to invest over $1 billion in new and redevelopment projects, which are expected to generate unlevered returns of approximately 10% on cost. Our intensity and focus on these accretive additions will certainly increase, given current market conditions; however, the long-term prospects of this pipeline should not go unnoticed.
In 2007, our new development and redevelopment spending totaled $1.17 billion. We successfully opened eight new development projects – three in the U.S., three in Europe and two in Asia
– all nearly 100% leased. In addition, numerous redevelopment and expansion projects were completed, increasing the strength of our existing franchise assets.
growing profitability and Dividends.
SPG has delivered meaningful growth in diluted funds from operations (“FFO”) and dividends per share, and we expect that trend to continue. From 2001 to 2007, FFO and dividends per share grew at a compound annual growth rate of 10.4% and 8.3%, respectively.
FFO in 2007 increased 10.1%, to $1.692 billion from $1.537 billion in 2006. On a diluted per share basis, the increase was 9.5%, to $5.90 per share from $5.39 in 2006.
In February of 2007, our Board of Directors increased the annual common stock dividend 10.5%, to $3.36 per share. The Board increased the dividend in February of 2008 by 7.1%, to $3.60 per share.
Balance Sheet and access to Capital.
Our balance sheet continues to be one of the strongest in the real estate industry,
as evidenced by our A-/A3 credit ratings. We built our balance sheet so that we would be positioned at all times to access capital in multiple forms. Our current balance sheet capacity and access to capital will allow us to execute our growth plans for the future.
In 2008, we anticipate that our FFO payout ratio will remain below 60%, and we expect to generate over $400 million of free cash flow (after the payment of dividends and recurring capital expenditures) to help fund our business.
2.8 Billion Shopper Visits to our
U.S. assets each Year. SPG has pioneered the “mall as a marketing medium” model that affords advertisers extraordinary opportunities to bring their brands directly to our shoppers. Our national franchise of market- leading shopping centers provides
the platform to access our consumer, resulting in strategic national and local marketing alliances. This network is the primary reason for the success of the Simon Giftcard with over $500 million sold in 2007.
Value Creation through mergers
& acquisitions. We increase our
net asset value by being very astute capital allocators. We see opportunities when others do not, such as our 1998 acquisition of Corporate Property Investors, the 2002 Rodamco portfolio transaction, and our 2004 acquisition of Chelsea Property Group. Chelsea is a great example of a growth engine that we uncovered. The Chelsea business generated NOI of $283 million in 2003, prior to our deal. In 2007, NOI generated was $477 million, or an increase of 69%.
Our ability to create value through M&A activity was further demonstrated by the successful acquisition and integration of The Mills Corporation in 2007. This transaction was immediately accretive to earnings, and we expect to capitalize upon several additional value creation opportunities as a result of
our ownership and management of this portfolio.
4

2007 Annual Report
 In total, we have completed over $25 billion of acquisitions since our 1993 IPO. We financed these transactions appropriately, maintaining the integrity of our balance sheet and protecting the growth prospects of our Company. We are also not opposed to selling non-core assets and reallocating the capital into our existing franchise assets. Over the last five years we have sold 53 assets, generating approximately $1.3 billion in net proceeds.
Value of Our assets. Our top 50 assets (based upon NOI contribution) generate sales in excess of $710 per square foot and contribute over 41% of our total NOI. We believe that assets of this quality will continue to appreciate in value, even in today’s capital markets.
Strong management team. Retail
real estate is a management intensive business. The assets are always evolving, and we continually strive to ensure that our properties provide the right tenant mix as well as a comfortable and safe shopping environment for our shoppers, all the while controlling operating and capital expenditures. We achieve this balance with what I believe is one of
the strongest and deepest management teams in the industry.
Sustainability. In 2004, SPG implemented a comprehensive strategy to improve energy efficiency. Since that time, we have reduced our electricity usage by over 10% without affecting comfort, safety or reliability. Energy efficiency is good for the environment and good for our profitability, and as
a result of our efforts, we have been recognized as a leader in this area.
c In November of 2007, we received the NAREIT Gold “Leader in the Light” Award for the second year in a row for demonstrating superior and sustained energy use practices.
While 2008 promises to be a challenging economic period, I believe we are poised for continued success.
As I stated at the beginning of this letter, ours is a growing business, with a reasonably predictable income stream and positive cash flow. We had a very good year in 2007, with strong FFO growth, success in the execution of
our development and redevelopment pipeline, and a successful completion of the Mills transaction.
As we enter 2008, the economy
is clearly slowing, retail sales have softened, and certain retailers are retrenching; however, our high- quality, recession-resistant fortress assets will serve as a solid foundation
in this environment. Additionally,
our development and redevelopment pipeline will continue to create future value, and we are well-positioned to fund this pipeline in spite of the volatile capital markets.
We will also look for opportunities in this environment. We are somewhat contrarian, and we tend to move
ahead of the pack as evidenced by our transaction history. In these uncertain markets, perhaps we can identify new opportunities.
I would like to thank my colleagues for continuing to add value to the Company on a daily basis. Your hard work and thoughtfulness will be more important than ever in the year ahead. I would also like to thank our Board of Directors for their strategic oversight and support of our management team. And finally, I would like to thank
our stockholders for their continued confidence in our organization and our business model.
  c In March of 2008, we were selected
as “Energy Partner of the Year” by
the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency. David Simon, Chairman & CEO
March 11, 2008
5
the mills portfolio. In April of 2007, the Company completed the acquisition of The Mills Corporation in a joint venture with funds managed by Farallon Capital Manage- ment. SPG owns 50% of the venture.
The Mills portfolio is comprised of two distinctive types of assets – regional malls and The Mills®. The Mills® properties are large retail venues focused on delivering value for the consumer. They are primarily well-located in major metropolitan mar- kets. They have considerable consumer brand equity and large trade areas, and they generate significant sales volumes. Their value orientation is an excellent fit with SPG’s regional mall and Premium Outlet portfolios.
Our Company has a proven track record of successfully acquiring and enhancing retail real estate assets and the Mills portfolio will benefit from leasing and operational synergies with SPG’s other retail real estate platforms. The acquisition was immediately accretive to earnings in 2007 and additional value creation opportunities within this portfolio include:
c Significantredevelopmentopportunities at several of the Mills assets.
c Meaningfully increasing occupancy in the regional mall portfolio over the next 24 months.
c Introducing new full-priced regional mall retailers and Premium Outlet tenants to The Mills® assets.
 