FROM THE CHAIRMAN & CEO
Strength | Innovation | Performance
As Chairman and CEO, I focus daily and year-to-year on how we are improving as a Company in enhancing our strength, innovation and performance. I am pleased to report that over the last 15 years as your CEO, we have made great strides along these fronts. As we move forward, we can and will continue to improve in these areas.
We have demonstrated that our management team is dedicated to growing the Company while preserving its fiscal strength. We have shown our ability to grow through innovation. Time and again, through numerous economic cycles and other challenges, we have delivered strong performance. Now let me touch on these three foundational pillars of Simon Property Group.
STRENGTH
From our roots as a small developer of shopping centers in the Midwest to our current position as the largest U.S. real estate company (in terms of market capitalization, number of quality properties, earnings power and cash flow growth), we have built a world class organization at Simon Property Group. Key strengths include our properties, our balance sheet, and our people. While most would be satisfied in terms of how we have improved in these areas, we are not. As a result, a primary focus for 2011 will be to enhance our properties, balance sheet and people.
We own more than 390 properties in the U.S., Europe, Asia and Mexico, and are unique as an owner, operator and developer across multiple retail formats. Our portfolio encompasses the entire retail real estate spectrum including regional malls, Premium Outlets, The Mills, and community and lifestyle centers. The platforms of our business are very synergistic as they enhance our tenant dealings and result in the best retail mix possible in our properties. Providing retailers with opportunities across this diverse retail asset base strengthens our relationships and enhances the value of our overall retail real estate franchise.
Our multi-platform portfolio generates an income stream that is diverse geographically, by property type and by tenant type. The portfolio is of exceptional quality and includes proven assets of national and international renown that are the preferred locations for retailers. Owning and operating a diverse portfolio allows us to invest capital where the growth is in the retail real estate sector.
We have a strong balance sheet with the highest investment grade ratings among our peers. We have substantial liquidity and flexibility under our bond covenants and our debt maturities are well-balanced. This is a product of our well-thought-out strategy to insure we are well-positioned to grow, but also deal with any economic crisis that might arise.
We have conservatively managed our balance sheet, allowing us to access capital at all times in multiple forms, and this has served us well, especially through the uncertain environment of the past few years.
We are also an active recycler of capital and have sold more than 100 non-core assets since we went public in 1993, generating more than $2.5 billion of cash, further improving our strength and our ability to grow. This activity will likely continue as the capital markets improve.
We demonstrated industry leadership during the Great Recession. I am extremely proud of our people and the way they rose to the occasion to deliver industry best results that no one could have expected during this difficult period of time. Thank you! Our ability to do this is partly due to the fact that our management team is strong and deep and well-respected in the industry. We have worked together for a long time and we know each other very well, creating a successful partnership.
We have also recognized that in order to be strong and stay strong we can and should add to our team. We welcome two new additions to our executive ranks in 2011: David Contis and
      2010 Annual Report 3

Steve Fivel. David will lead the regional mall platform, the largest platform for the Company, working with Rick Sokolov and me and assisted by John Rulli on operations. Steve Fivel will assist Jim Barkley, our General Counsel, in all of the areas he oversees. I have known both of these gentlemen for a long time and I am looking forward to their contributions. We welcome the additional talent as we seek future growth opportunities.
INNOVATION
We take great pride in being a leader in our industry, and it is imperative that we continue to be innovative, especially as the global economy continues to change at such a rapid pace.
Innovation is an important tenet of our Company. Throughout our history examples of this innovative spirit are numerous. I would like to discuss a few examples which illustrate our innovative power and the positive impact it has had on our growth.
Led Industry Consolidation
We started the consolidation of the regional mall industry with our acquisition of DeBartolo Realty Corporation in 1996 and have led the industry ever since. With the DeBartolo acquisition, we were the first to present the value proposition that “size and scale” matter in the retail real estate industry. Many doubted the deal, but it was a building block that has led to the Company we have today. We stuck with it and built upon this premise with additional deals that added premier properties to our portfolio as well as talented people.
Examples of the highly productive properties added to our portfolio through acquisitions include Fashion Valley, Lenox Square, Phipps Plaza, Roosevelt Field, Stanford Shopping Center, Town Center at Boca Raton and The Westchester.
Since our IPO in 1993 we have completed $28 billion of acquisitions, adding to the quality of our portfolio and accelerating our growth while maintaining the industry’s strongest balance sheet and highest credit rating.
Outlet Sector
We first identified the profitable outlet sector in the late 90’s when we partnered with Chelsea Property Group (another public company). That initial partnership led to our successful acquisition of the company in 2004. Performance by our Premium Outlet platform has been exceptional, increasing the quality of our portfolio and our people. After more than a decade since our initial outlet investment, our peer group is announcing their desire to build in this sector. Glad we got there first. Including our 2010 Prime transaction, we expect to generate $1 billion of net operating income (“NOI”) in 2011 from this platform. Not bad for a business we entered into a mere 11 years ago.
Enhancing the Mix and Creating the Mall as a Marketing Medium
We also pioneered the combination of entertainment and retail in various new development and redevelopment projects, resulting in the creation of retail “destinations” and effectively maintaining the mall’s importance in the social fabric of the community. An early example of this is The Forum Shops at Caesars in Las Vegas, one of the most successful retail venues in the world. We need a little showbiz for all of our properties to make it fun and entertaining for our shoppers. More on this to come.
We have to make the mall the place to shop and we have to take advantage of the billions of shopper visits that occur at our properties each year. With this in mind, we were the first to identify and market “the mall as a marketing medium,” and launched Simon Brand Ventures (“SBV”) in 1997, providing advertisers and marketers access to SPG’s shoppers. Our SBV and marketing initiatives today comprise a unique, industry-leading approach designed to build traffic and provide retailers with opportunities to engage consumers and drive sales. This, coupled with our focus on making the mall a more effective, efficient value proposition for consumers through technology, will be a primary focus for us in the coming months.
International
We were the first U.S.-based public retail real estate company to expand abroad in 1998 with our investment in Europe. Today we
  SPG completed the largest U.S. real estate transaction of the last two years with the acquisition of the Prime Outlets portfolio, adding 21 outlet centers comprising 8 million square feet. Assets acquired include (pictured below from left to right and listed with newly-branded names): Puerto Rico Premium Outlets in Barceloneta, Puerto Rico; San Marcos Premium Outlets in San Marcos (Austin/San Antonio), TX; Ellenton Premium Outlets in Ellenton (Tampa), FL; and Williamsburg Premium Outlets in Williamsburg, VA.
  4 Simon Property Group, Inc.
  
own 56 properties in Italy, Japan, South Korea and Mexico and have an additional property under construction in Malaysia. We have proven to be a valuable exporter of our know-how.
PERFORMANCE
With that said, our strength and innovation should lead to better performance and we must continue to be a performance leader. Happily, we have delivered strong and consistent stockholder returns. During the last decade, from December 31, 2000 to December 31, 2010, our total stockholder return was 574%, for a compounded annual return of 21%. During this same ten-year period, the total returns for the S&P 500 and the MSCI U.S. REIT Index (“RMS”) were 15% and 173%, respectively. SPG’s total stockholder return was 28.4% in 2010 as compared to the S&P 500 return of 15.1%.
We have also delivered strong financial and operational results, which is certainly more in our control than stock price movements. Over the last decade:
c Total revenue doubled from $2.0 billion to $4.0 billion.
c Funds from Operations (“FFO”) as adjusted per diluted share
increased from $3.29 to $6.03.
c Portfolio occupancy improved from 91.8% to 94.2%. c Sales per square foot grew from $384 to $494.
We have a long history of positive comparable property NOI growth. Even in the very challenging operating environment of 2009, we delivered positive growth of 1.1% while nearly all of our peers had negative growth. In 2010, our comparable property NOI growth was 2.9%, the highest among our retail REIT peers.
Strength, innovation and performance create a virtuous circle and build upon each other. My focus for 2011 as well as future years will be to strengthen these foundational pillars. Now I will turn to our 2010 Milestones.
2010 MILESTONES
In 2010 we enhanced the Company’s growth trajectory with the investment of $3.2 billion of net cash in acquisitions, capital
market transactions, and redevelopment and new development activities.
Acquisitions
In August, we completed a transaction with Prime Outlets Acquisition Company valued at approximately $2.3 billion, including the assumption of approximately $1.2 billion of existing mortgage debt. This was the largest real estate acquisition completed in the U.S. in 2009 and 2010 and it was completed before valuations rebounded.
The transaction added 21 outlet center properties comprising 8 million square feet to our portfolio. This portfolio is an excellent strategic fit for our Company and presents a compelling opportunity to benefit from the ongoing consumer demand for discounted brand-name merchandise. As of December 31, the properties were 95.4% occupied and generating sales of $423 per square foot. This portfolio will add to our growth and strengthen our franchise.
We also increased our ownership interests in two highly productive malls in 2010 at attractive valuations.
Capital Market Transactions
Two senior unsecured notes offerings totaling $3.15 billion were completed to fund concurrent bond tender offers (in January and August). In connection with the tender offers, $3.6 billion of senior unsecured notes maturing between 2011 and 2014 were repurchased.
The net effect of the transactions was a $500 million reduction in leverage, a lengthening of the weighted average maturity of outstanding senior unsecured notes to 7.3 years from 4.4 years, and a reduction in the weighted average interest rate of more than 50 basis points from year-end 2009 to year-end 2010.
We completed 15 new mortgage financing transactions totaling $2.2 billion (SPG’s share was $950 million) at a weighted average interest rate of 5.1% and a weighted average life of approximately nine years. We also invested more than $1.1 billion of cash on hand to retire mortgages on high quality assets, further
     2010 Annual Report 5

  1
  3
   4
  2
  5
  2010 EXPANSION AND REDEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES
1 2 The $130 million expansion of South Shore Plaza in Braintree (Boston), Massachusetts added Nordstrom, Target and 138,000 square feet of premier specialty shops.
3 Bloomingdale’s opened its first outlet store at Potomac Mills in Woodbridge, Virginia (Washington, D.C.).
4 The 114,000 square foot expansion of Houston Premium Outlets in Cypress, Texas added 25 new merchants including Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th.
5 Crate & Barrel opened its first Western Pennsylvania store at Ross Park Mall in Pittsburgh, PA.
6 The 62,000 square foot expansion of Toki Premium Outlets in Toki, Japan was 100% leased at opening.
7 Whole Foods Market opened at Coddingtown Mall in Santa Rosa, California.
          6 Simon Property Group, Inc.
 6
  7
  
boosting the Company’s financial flexibility and its unmatched portfolio of unencumbered assets. More strength!
Redevelopment and New Development Activities
Approximately $225 million was invested in the development of new properties and the expansion and redevelopment of existing properties in 2010. Four significant expansions and two new shopping centers were completed, and several more projects are under construction. We were also very successful in our efforts to retenant department store and big box spaces, opening more than 35 big box and anchor tenants within our portfolio. Redevelopment is where our people will be focused. Improving the retail mix through redevelopment builds upon a successful center and solidifies the property within the community.
Financial and Operating Performance
In the improving, but still challenging retail environment in 2010, we delivered impressive performance.
c Consolidated revenue increased 4.8% to $4.0 billion.
c FFO as adjusted per diluted share was $6.03 for the year as
compared to $6.01 in 2009. FFO as adjusted excludes the $1.00 per diluted share loss on extinguishment of debt incurred in connection with the two tender offers for outstanding senior notes in 2010.
c Higher revenues and a continued focus on improving efficiency resulted in a 150 basis point increase in our industry-leading operating profit margin.
c In November, we increased our quarterly dividend by 33% to $0.80 per share, a further reflection of our strong cash- generating business.
Key financial and operational statistics for SPG malls and Premium Outlets combined were very positive in 2010:
c Occupancy improved by 80 basis points to 94.2%.
c Sales per square foot increased by 9.3% to $494 per square foot.
In 2010, we took advantage of two opportunities to sell certain international investments and recognized gains totaling
approximately $300 million. This exhibits our ability to profitably export our business model outside of the U.S. Generating a gain of this magnitude in the short period of time we held these investments is quite impressive.
Marketing Initiatives
We are very focused on the enhancement of our digital marketing efforts and are providing retailers with multiple options to reach Simon shoppers through mobile applications:
c We are the only mall partner of ShopKick, an industry leading cross-retailer mobile application.
c We were the first in the industry to launch a proprietary mall ap- plication featuring our retailers and their promotional messaging.
c We are leveraging text messaging to complement our broader mobile marketing strategy.
Our industry-leading website is designed around our retailers, and we are actively engaging the shopper in social media. The majority of our properties have a significant social media presence (Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare) and research has indicated that the strategy is working. Shoppers are visiting the social media sites regularly and are visiting our properties more often.
All of these programs are designed to build traffic and provide retailers with opportunities to engage consumers and drive sales.
LOOKING AHEAD
We begin 2011 on a high note with the announcement that we were named the Most Admired Real Estate Company by Fortune Magazine, and we are very excited about our prospects for this year and in future years as we build upon our three ingredients of success - Strength, Innovation and Performance.
We have shown the ability to strategically grow our Company. At the time of our IPO in 1993, our total market capitalization was $3 billion and we owned 114 properties in 29 states in the U.S. Today our total market capitalization is over $60 billion and our portfolio is comprised of more than 390 properties in 41 states in the U.S. and abroad.
    Consolidated Revenue
FFO as Adjusted per Diluted Share
$6.56
$6.01 $6.03
Total Market Capitalization
$ in billions
$3.65 $3.33
$3.96 $3.78 $3.78
$ in billions
$48.78 $49.27
$58.98
      $6.02
$53.00 $40.27
         $5.39
      ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10
’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10
’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10
2010 Annual Report 7

The strength of our organization and balance sheet, the quality and size of our portfolio, and the innovative spirit and experience of our people position us to deliver future growth for our stockholders. We are focused on several avenues, both internal and external, to deliver this growth.
The retail environment has improved and many retailers are looking to grow their businesses by opening new stores. We anticipated this to some extent and in 2010 we accelerated the pace of our new development and redevelopment activity. We expect to invest at least $500 million in these activities in 2011 with many more accretive redevelopment opportunities available to us.
We will also continue to grow through selective new development. Earlier this month we opened a new Premium Outlet Center in Paju, north of Seoul in South Korea. In November, we will open a new Premium Outlet Center in Johor, Malaysia, which will serve the Singapore market. These two centers are projected to be extremely profitable.
Our Premium Outlets in Asia have been very successful and we continue to evaluate opportunities in Japan, South Korea and other countries in Asia for our Premium Outlet product.
The people of Japan are in our thoughts and prayers as they deal with recent tragic events. As you know, we have a wonderful Premium Outlet business in Japan, and remain confident that as Japan rebuilds and rebounds, this business will completely recover.
In the U.S. we have one Premium Outlet under construction in Merrimack, New Hampshire, which is scheduled to open in the summer of 2012. Other potential Premium Outlet projects in the U.S. are progressing through preconstruction development activities.
I do not anticipate the opening of any new regional mall developments in the U.S. for at least a few more years, and I believe this creates a scenario for existing malls to add to their market share. Our existing malls will be improved through renewed redevelopment efforts.
Construction has started or is scheduled to start in 2011 on five significant redevelopment projects. The scope of these projects varies and includes the addition of new department stores in vacant spaces, addition of small shops, conversion of an existing mall into a lifestyle center and mall renovations. We also have more than 30 anchor and big box store additions scheduled to open in 2011 and 2012.
We also expect to see growth in 2011 from the assets acquired in the Prime transaction. Our strong track record of operational excellence, financial resources, and history of successful acquisitions should enable us to meaningfully improve the performance of these assets for the benefit of our tenants and consumers.
Our position in the industry and our financial strength afford us the luxury of evaluating virtually any transaction, including many that most of our competitors cannot even contemplate. On the other hand, we don’t feel compelled to do any transactions given
our internal growth opportunities and we won’t unless it makes sense. We have the history that proves this.
CALL TO ACTION
Today our brick and mortar tenants are operating at a distinct disadvantage to certain on-line retailers who are not collecting sales tax at the point of purchase. Whether a sale takes place online or at a local business, sales tax is owed and should be collected. The same rules should apply to all retailers. Consumers are obligated to pay these taxes if the online retailers don’t collect at point of sale - just because a merchant doesn’t collect the tax doesn’t mean the tax is not due. Many pure ecommerce retailers (no physical presence) make no effort to collect sales tax while the physical-based retailers must charge their customers at the time of purchase.
I am reaching out to you, our stockholders, to ask that you contact your government representatives at the state and national levels to express your concerns over this serious inequity and request that they support the Main Street Fairness Act. This proposed legislation would impose NO new taxes while providing much needed funds to reduce unprecedented state budget shortfalls at little or no cost to the federal government and at the same time close a loophole by requiring pure online retailers to collect sales taxes as all other retailers do. Why give the likes of Amazon this advantage over physical-based retailers who also pay local real estate taxes and employ millions of people?
CLOSING
I would like to express my gratitude and appreciation to Hans Mautner for his contributions to our international expansion. Hans retired in December after many years of service as the President of the Company’s International Division and Chairman of Simon Global Limited. He joined the Company in 1998 upon completion of our acquisition of Corporate Property Investors, a privately held REIT which he led as Chairman and CEO.
I would also like to thank our Board of Directors for their strategic counsel. Most importantly, I thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication. Over the course of the past eighteen months, we excelled operationally, completed several transactions, and also expended great effort in the consideration of transactions that were not meant to be. Consistent effort by all is a hallmark of this Company.
Finally, stockholders, I am grateful for your ongoing support and remain completely committed to growing our Company and creating value for all of us.
David Simon
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 29, 2011
 8 Simon Property Group, Inc.
