 FROM
THE &CHAIRMAN
CEO
Dear Fellow Stockholders,
Let me begin by thanking all of the Simon Property Group (“Simon”) associates for delivering another record- breaking year. Funds from operations (“FFO”) increased to $3.6 billion, or $9.86 per share, a record for both
our Company and the real estate industry, and grew 10.8% per share compared to 2014. We also increased our dividend by 17.5% over 2014 to a total of $6.05 per common share and are on pace to pay at least $6.40
per common share for 2016. Our team at Simon and, of course, the quality of our properties and our operations, enable us to generate these impressive results year after year. I am extremely proud of our success in 2015 and enthusiastic about the future of our Company.
If I can turn your attention to the following chart (top right), you
will see our record of excellence. Despite the challenges our industry has faced Simon has been able
to produce returns well above the S&P 500 and our real estate peers. The naysayers have been plentiful, yet our performance speaks for itself.
Though past performance does not guarantee future success, we know what it takes to produce financial results and we do not take it for granted. We have overcome many obstacles to achieve these returns. These include but are not limited to:
• The significant change in our retailer base: for instance, only 3 of our top 10 tenants in 1993, when we went public, exist in their same form today;
• Department store upheaval, mergers, store closings, weakened balance sheets;
• Leveraged buyouts of specialty retailers that put too much debt on a solid business;
• Overbuilding in the retail industry during various cycles that led
to an oversupply in malls, power centers and lifestyle centers;
• The continuing evolution of the Internet and the common view that it will replace all other forms of brick and mortar shopping;
• The negative mall narrative —  i.e., that all malls will cease to exist; and
• Aging of the baby boomers
and the demographics and psychographics of millennials and the common view that they only shop online, only live in the urban environment and will never marry and have children.
  Above: St. Johns Town Center, Jacksonville, FL
 ii SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, INC.
 
 Unfortunately, this list could go on. Fortunately for us, our focus is on what we can do to evolve and prosper. Our ability to continue to transform our business and willingness to take risks has allowed us to succeed in this ever changing and challenging world, and in fact, we intend to turn many of these challenges into opportunities. As one example, I believe that millennials (we call them “mallennials” at Simon), some 80 million strong (and larger than the Baby Boom generation), will marry, have children and frequent the mall for their generation to come.
It is important to understand our long-term strategy which includes the following:
• Focus on the ownership of high-quality retail real estate;
• Own assets along the price spectrum of retail real estate;
• Lead the industry in successful and profitable acquisitions;
• Export our “know-how” internationally;
• Enhance the shopping experience through innovations and investments in the “Mall of the Future” and establish a direct relationship with our shopper; and
• Accomplish all of this while maintain- ing a high investment-grade rating and access to multiple forms of capital.
Much of our success stems from our hard work in successfully executing on this long-term strategy and it pro- vides us a framework for approaching our business day in and day out. I am pleased with how well we have execut- ed on both our business and financial strategies and the progress we continue to make in reinventing the future of the shopping experience.
Before we discuss our 2015 highlights, let me provide a checklist of how we grow our earnings.
• We increase the cash flow from our existing assets through growth in our comparable property net operating income (“NOI”);
1,500 1,000 500 0
3,000%
813% 584%
HISTORY OF OUTPERFORMANCE
SPG has outperformed relevant indices including the MSCI U.S. REIT Index (RMS) and the S&P 500
Simon Property Group, Inc.
(Total Return %) 3,000
2,500
2,000
RMS S&P 500 Index
93 95 97 99 01 03 05 07 09 11 13 15
Source for RMS and S&P 500: SNL Financial As of March 18, 2016
• We enhance our existing assets through redevelopment and expansion projects that provide accretive returns while satisfying shopper needs and wants;
• We invest in new developments that meet our stringent investment cri- teria where the market will support another shopping destination;
• We make accretive acquisitions
of existing centers or portfolios of assets where Simon can add value;
Below:
Phipps Plaza, Atlanta, GA
• We expand our global footprint through international investments where we can export Simon know-how;
• We make other accretive, strategic investments that will enhance our franchise; and
• We manage our balance sheet and the excess cash flow that comes from our operations.
With that backdrop, let’s turn to 2015.
2015 ANNUAL REPORT
iii
Right: Del Amo Fashion Center, Torrance (Los Angeles), CA

 iv SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, INC.
  TOTAL SHAREHOLDER RETURNS
Comparable Property NOI
Our U.S. Malls and Premium Outlets® once again delivered strong financial and operational results:
• The releasing spread for the rolling 12 months was $10.62 per square foot — rent for spaces leased in 2015 was 18.0% higher than prior rent paid for the same spaces.
• Total sales on a rolling 12-month basis were $620 per square foot.
• Occupancy ended the year at a strong 96.1%.
• Comparable property NOI grew 3.7% for our U.S. Malls, Premium Outlets and The Mills.®
We certainly confronted some operating challenges during the year including
a higher level of retailer bankruptcies and the impact of a strong U.S. dollar on tenant sales at a number of our tourist-oriented centers. In the long run, these are great centers that generate tremendous sales volumes in key tourist markets, which differentiate Simon, and are an important component of our over- all high-quality portfolio. Despite these challenges, we grew our comparable property cash flow well above national gross domestic product growth and retailer demand continues to be strong.
Redevelopments and Expansions
Our properties are hubs of retail, dining, entertainment and socializing in their respective markets. We continue to invest in our properties to enhance the market position of our centers, enrich the shopping experience for shoppers, and reinforce Simon as the destination of choice for both our shoppers and our retailers.
2015 was a busy year with the completion of a number of notable redevelopment and expansion projects. At our iconic Del Amo Fashion Center in Torrance, California, we opened a dramatic two-level ‘Fashion Wing’ addition anchored by
a new Nordstrom store. Located in the new wing are 100 brands and an attractive array of new dining options, many of which are exclusive to the South Bay Area. At Florida Mall in Orlando, we transformed a former department store into retail shops, restaurants and a dynamic new food pavilion and replaced another former anchor store with Dick’s Sporting Goods and the Crayola Experience, a unique, hands-on family attraction popular with local shoppers and tourists alike. The conversion of former anchors
 Below:
Fashion Valley, San Diego, California
  1-YEAR 3-YEAR 5-YEAR 10-YEAR 20-YEAR
 SPG 10% RMS 3% S&P 500 1%
43% 141% 37% 75% 53% 81%
281% 2,233% 103% 676% 102% 383%
  2015 Financial and Operational Highlights We achieved record results in 2015, including:
• FFO increased to $3.571 billion, or
$9.86 per diluted share.
• Consolidated revenue increased 8.1% to $5.266 billion.
• Net income was $1.824 billion, or $5.88 per diluted share.
• SPG delivered a total return to shareholders of 10.2%, outpacing the MSCI U.S. REIT Index (RMS) return of 2.5% and the S&P 500 Index return of 1.4%. SPG has outperformed the S&P 500 13 times in the last
15 years.
   
  ”
  Left: The Mills at Jersey Gardens, Elizabeth, NJ
Below:
San Francisco Premium Outlets, Livermore, CA
   project that will include a complete upgrade of the mall, an expansion of the Neiman Marcus store, as well as additional retail shops and restaurants, and will culminate in the construction of Copley Tower, a 52-story residential building that will transform both
the Boston skyline and this already iconic center.
We completed multiple expansion projects during the year at several
of our high-performing Premium Outlets. A 25-store, 140,000 square foot expansion of Las Vegas North Premium Outlets opened in May, enhancing one of the most productive and well-known Premium Outlet Centers in North America. In August, we debuted a 185,000 square foot expansion at San Francisco Premium Outlets, significantly increasing the footprint of one of the country’s leading outlet centers, and making it the largest outlet center in California.
Redevelopment and expansion projects that include improvements such as additional retail space, upgraded dining pavilions, more parking, and other amenities, are ongoing at several of our centers including Chicago Premium Outlets, which also recently completed a 250,000 square foot expansion, and Woodbury Common Premium Outlets. We expect another very busy and rewarding year as these ongoing projects are introduced.
We continued to identify enhancement projects in The Mills portfolio. During 2015, we expanded The Colonnade
at Sawgrass Mills in Sunrise (Miami), Florida for a third time, adding 56,000 square feet to the luxury outlet outdoor component of this center. We also began construction on an expansion of Ontario Mills in Riverside, California, which includes an additional 80,000 square feet of retail shops and restaurants.
These and other redevelopment projects serve to meet the needs of our shoppers while solidifying and enhancing the market position of
our centers. At the end of 2015, we had redevelopment and expansion projects underway at 27 properties
in the U.S. at a cost of approximately $1.5 billion. We continue to anticipate a healthy pipeline of redevelopment and expansion opportunities for the next few years and we expect to fund these future growth opportunities with our excess annual cash flow and on a financially accretive basis.
 “Our properties are hubs of retail, dining, entertainment and socializing. We continue to invest in our properties to enrich the shopping experience.
and department stores into more productive retail, dining and entertain- ment spaces is an ongoing theme on which we are very focused. We also completed a two-year transformation of Roosevelt Field, the premier shopping destination on Long Island, New York, including comprehensive enhancements throughout the mall and the addition of a two-level fashion specialty store expansion with unique, high-quality brands leading to the area’s first Neiman Marcus store. A spectacular, state-of- the-art Dining District is part of this redevelopment, featuring popular, quick service restaurants and is one
of the largest of its kind.
Other significant redevelopment proj- ects continued in 2015 and into this year at a number of our irreplaceable
 properties. At King of Prussia, we are adding more than 150,000 square feet of retail and restaurant space that will unify The Plaza and The Court at this landmark Philadelphia area center. At The Galleria in Houston, Saks Fifth Avenue will relocate to a new flagship format that will open in April of this year, allowing us to add other luxury retailers and restaurants in its former store. At The Shops at Riverside (Hackensack, New Jersey), a transfor- mative redevelopment is underway that will offer a compelling luxury shopping, dining and entertainment experience to further establish this well-located property as Bergen County, New Jersey’s finest shopping hub. Finally, at Copley Place in Boston, we have begun the first phase of a multi-phase
    2015 ANNUAL REPORT v

  Clearfork in Fort Worth, Texas with our partner Cassco Development
Co. Anchored by Neiman Marcus, this open-air center will include 100 high-end specialty stores, a premium theater, and distinctive restaurants, offering a unique shopping and dining experience for this fast growing community. The Shops at Clearfork is scheduled to open in early 2017. Plans are also underway for a world-class, mixed-use town center in Oyster Bay, New York called Syosset Park. We expect to begin construction on this project in 2017. Our vision of Syosset Park will demonstrate the Company’s creative ability to build the shopping experience of the future.
Acquisitions
A fundamental tenet of our long-term strategy is to lead our industry in successful and profitable acquisitions. We have an enviable track record
of making smart, accretive, value- enhancing acquisitions to further increase the quality, scale, and profitability of our portfolio. In 2015, we acquired two highly productive assets — Jersey Gardens in Elizabeth, New Jersey (renamed The Mills at Jersey Gardens) and University
Park Village in Fort Worth, Texas —  for an aggregate purchase price of $1.09 billion, including the assumption of existing mortgage debt. We are pleased to include these great centers in our portfolio as they will generate additional NOI growth through our leasing and management capabilities.
Above:
Roosevelt Field, Garden City, (New York), NY
Left:
Neiman
Marcus fantasy gifts display at Roosevelt Field.
 International
Our international footprint continues to grow through our Premium Outlets branded centers and through strategic investments we have made with best-in- class international partners. Extending our international Premium Outlets brand through the expansion of existing cen- ters and the addition of new centers enhances our core franchise.
During the year, we completed significant expansions of our Premium Outlet Centers in Asia. We opened a 136,000 square foot expansion adding more than 60 new stores at Shisui Premium Outlets (outside Tokyo, Japan) and added 259,000 square feet to Yeoju Premium Outlets, making this popular South Korean outlet the largest in Asia. We are currently under construction on a new 399,000 square foot Premium Outlets center in Siheung (15 miles southwest of Seoul), South Korea, which is scheduled to open in the spring of 2017.
With our partner, McArthurGlen Group, we opened the 242,000 square foot Vancouver Designer Outlet in July, featuring some of the world’s best known brands. In January 2016, in partnership with McArthurGlen, we acquired a majority interest in a leading outlet center in Germany. This success- ful center is well-positioned within the market and has significant, value-add expansion opportunities available. This same partnership also commenced construction of a new outlet in Provence, France that is scheduled
to open in the spring of 2017.
Our 2012 investment in Klépierre con- tinues to grow in value as the company executes on its well-documented strategy that is resulting in strong operating performance, despite a stagnant European economy. 2015 was a transformational year for Klépierre with their successful acquisition and integration of Corio, creating a leading pan-European pure play retail property company. Due to the accelerated progress Klépierre has made in their transformation, as well as our confidence in their ability to execute upon their strategy and create greater value, we purchased an additional 6.3 million shares of Klépierre common stock
in May 2015. We now own 20.3% of Klépierre. Under our leadership, the company was also added to the CAC40 index (an index of the 40 largest market capitalization companies in France),
a real honor. Including dividends and the increase in Klépierre’s share price, we have generated a nearly 40% return on our investment.
 vi SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, INC.
 New Development
Our long-term growth is enhanced by our ability to add well-located new centers to our portfolio. We added approximately 1.2 million square feet of prime retail space to our U.S. port- folio in 2015 from new ground-up developments. We have invested over $1.0 billion (more than $340 million
in 2015) in new centers opened during the last five years, with an average return on investment of 11%.
In August, we opened Gloucester Premium Outlets serving the South New Jersey and Greater Philadelphia areas and we concluded a very busy year of new ground-up development in October with the openings of Tucson Premium Outlets and Tampa Premium Outlets. These new centers bring the world’s most recognized brand of upscale outlet shopping to their respective markets.
We also have two new full price centers under construction, with plans underway for a third. During the year, we entered into a partnership with Swire Properties Inc. of Hong Kong and Whitman Family Development to jointly develop the retail component of Brickell City Centre in Miami, Florida. Anchored by Saks Fifth Avenue, Brickell City Centre will offer a modern shopping experience with more than 100 specialty stores as well as offering a mix of fine dining, casual fare and entertainment. The retail component of Brickell City Centre is scheduled
to open in the fall of 2016. We also started construction on The Shops at
   
Year ended December 31,
(dollars in millions, except per share figures)
Consolidated Revenue
Funds from Operations (FFO)
FFO Per Share (Diluted)
Net Income Per Share (Diluted) Dividends Per Share
Common Stock Price at December 31 Total Equity Capitalization
Total Market Capitalization(1)
(1) Includes our share of consolidated and joint venture debt.
 $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $
2015
5,266 3,571 9.86 5.88 6.05 194.44 70,321 99,426
$ $ $ $ $ $ $ $
2014
4,871 3,235 8.90 4.52 5.15 182.11 66,303 93,436
 CONSOLIDATED REVENUE
$ IN BILLIONS
11 12 13 14 15
FFO PER DILUTED SHARE
DIVIDENDS PER DILUTED SHARE
EQUITY MARKET CAPITALIZATION $ IN BILLIONS
11 12 13 14 15
                    11 12 13 14 15
11 12 13 14 15
This annual report contains a number of forward-looking statements. For more information, refer to the Company’s fourth quarter and full-year 2015 results and SEC filings on our website at investors.simon.com. This report also references non-GAAP financial measures including funds from operations, or FFO, and net operating income, or NOI. These financial measures are commonly used in the real estate industry and we believe they provide useful information to investors when used in conjunction with GAAP measures. For a definition of FFO and reconciliations of each of the non-GAAP measures used in this report to the most directly comparable GAAP measure, refer to the Company’s fourth quarter and full-year 2015 results, SEC filings and Non-GAAP Reconciliations section under Financial Information at investors.simon.com.
 TOTAL RETURN PERFORMANCE
Simon Property Group, Inc.
FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Index
S&P 500 Index
$241.14
$180.75 $175.94
12/31/15
     300 250 200 150 100 50
12/31/10
12/31/11
12/31/12
12/31/13
12/31/14
   YEAR-END
2015 ANNUAL
COMPOUND ANNUAL RETURN
5-YEAR
19.2% 12.0% 12.6%
  2010 2011
$100.00 $ 133.56 $100.00 $ 108.29 $100.00 $ 102.11
2012
$ 168.32 $ 127.85 $ 118.45
2013
$ 166.75 $ 131.01 $ 156.82
2014
$ 218.76 $ 170.49 $ 178.28
2015
$ 241.14 $ 175.94 $ 180.75
RETURN 3-YEAR
  Simon Property Group, Inc. FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Index S&P 500 Index
10.2% 12.7% 3.2% 11.2% 1.4% 15.1%
 The line graph above compares the percentage change in the cumulative total shareholder return on our common stock as compared to the cumulative total return of the S&P 500 Index and the FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Index for the period December 31, 2010 through December 31, 2015. The graph assumes an investment of $100 on December 31, 2010, a reinvestment of dividends and actual increase in the market value of the common stock relative to an initial investment of $100. The comparisons in this table are required by the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not intended to forecast or be indicative of possible future performance.
 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
 2015 ANNUAL REPORT vii
$3.73 $4.26
$3.50 $4.10
$4.54 $4.87
$6.89 $7.98
$4.65 $5.15
$45.8 $57.3
$5.27
$8.85 $8.90
$9.86
$6.05
$55.2 $66.3
$70.3

viii SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, INC.
Top: Walt Whitman Shops, Huntington Station, NY
Middle Left:
The Domain Austin, TX
Bottom Left:
Luxury influencer dinner at Copley Place hosted by Simon and Vogue.
   Other Strategic Investments
We formed two strategic joint ventures during 2015; one with Hudson’s Bay Company (“HBC”) and the other with Seritage Growth Properties (“Seritage”). Our HBC joint venture, with a world- leading department store operator with operations in the U.S., Canada and Germany, is focused on credit tenant, net-leased and multi-tenanted retail buildings, including department stores, in both the United States and interna- tional markets. The joint venture currently owns and leases to HBC affiliates 83 department stores in the United States and Germany that will build upon the strength of its existing real estate assets and identify new real estate growth opportunities going forward in conjunc- tion with the growth that HBC is experi- encing. Our joint venture with Seritage will focus on redeveloping ten Sears locations at Simon malls. This 50/50 joint venture has the option to recapture 50% (and in some cases 100%) of the space currently occupied by Sears to redevelop these boxes for other retail, restaurant or entertainment purposes. The creation of these joint ventures is an exciting new chapter in our long and successful rela- tionships with these retail partners.
We continue to make investments in omnichannel retail opportunities through Simon Venture Group (“SVG”), our corporate venture capital arm. Through SVG, we are investing in early stage and growth stage technology companies and brands primarily focused on transforming and shaping the future of retail. Thus far, we have invested in over 20 compa- nies. As convergence occurs between the physical and virtual retail world, SVG gives us a seat at the table to uncover new, exciting and comple- mentary opportunities.
2015 Balance Sheet
Prudent balance sheet management is a fundamental strength of our Company and is central to our ability to execute our long-term strategy. We have the strongest balance sheet in our industry, which provides us with financial flexibility and access to capital in various markets and currencies, and enables us to successfully grow our business. This is evidenced by our “A”, “A2” credit rating, which only two out of 150 U.S. REITs have achieved from Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s, respectively.
We have reduced the weighted average interest rate of our debt from 5.43% at the end of 2010 to 3.91% at the end of 2015. In January of this year, we completed a very successful senior
      Right:
The Fashion Mall at Keystone, Indianapolis, IN

  notes offering, raising $1.35 billion at a weighted average interest rate and term of 2.97% and 8.2 years, respectively, further improving the strength of our balance sheet. Our refinancing efforts in 2016 and beyond will be opportunistic and focus on continuing to lower our overall cost of capital and maintaining the strength of our balance sheet.
In addition to our activity in the unsecured and secured debt markets during the year, your Board of Directors authorized a two-year, $2 billion common stock repurchase program, which is yet another avenue available to us to provide enhanced returns
to our stockholders. During 2015, we repurchased 1.9 million shares of our common stock under this program and also purchased approximately 944,000 limited partnership units for an aggregate $505 million.
Reinventing the
Shopping Experience
At Simon, we are more than retail real estate. We are a company of ideas. We are driven to provide exceptional service to our retailers and shoppers and our
mission is to elevate and reinvent the shopping experience in modern and
 Below: Orlando Vineland Premium Outlets, Orlando, FL
 “Our mission is to elevate and reinvent the shopping experience in modern and innovative ways.
at Simon centers and Simon Magazine, which navigates our shoppers through the world-class brands available at our luxury centers. Whatever our shoppers’ needs may be and wherever they are, we have found creative ways to improve and expand our engagement with them. As we introduce new technology into our centers and as our retailers create an omnichannel world, we expect, together, that we will be able to continue to drive traffic to our properties.
Marketplace Fairness Act
Because the U.S. House of Representatives has unfortunately failed to pass the Marketplace Fairness Act, after far too long, I will once again ask you to ask Congress to allow the states to place brick and mortar retailers on a level playing field with online remote sellers. I believe that the Senate will once again vote to approve the Marketplace Fairness Act but without the support of the House of Representatives, the bill is likely to languish. Our retailers need a level playing field and it is clear to me that ranking members of the House would appreciate hearing from you on this important issue. So, please take a moment and ask these members why they are favoring online remote sellers over brick and mortar retailers? Do they
    innovative ways. Our portfolio’s breadth across the retail spectrum, from value to luxury, and across both domestic and international geographies, is unmatched. We are well-positioned to continue to deliver sustainable, profitable growth and the key to maximizing our potential is our unwavering focus on enhancing the shopping experience and connecting in new and exciting ways with our shopper.
This experience is not only about providing the right merchandising mix with unparalleled service in a dynamic environment, but it’s also about how we connect on a personal level. We must deliver a qualitatively superior shopping experience by offering fresh, exciting and relevant programs that build stronger bonds with our shoppers. Programs such as LOOKBOOK Live, held in collaboration with Glamour and GQ magazines, and Style Festival, a collaboration with Refinery29, are interactive mall experiences that combine the best in music, fashion and design to appeal to “mallennials” seeking a highly personalized shopping experience. We also launched ‘Simon SAID’, a lifestyle-focused digital platform delivering editorial content on the best in fashion, design, culture and food with links back to offerings available
2015 ANNUAL REPORT ix
”
 
  x SIMON PROPERTY GROUP, INC.
SIMON SAID.
 “Our success has been achieved through the sound execution of a thoughtful
yet simple strategy.”
     I would like to thank our Board of Directors for their contributions in 2015. I also want to personally thank Mel Bergstein, who has been a director since 2001 and will be retiring at the end of his term. Mel is a major thought provoker and certainly a warrior in
all respects! As a previous CEO, he has provided an invaluable service
to our Company. Mel, you will be missed at our meetings and a special thank you for pushing me. I am proud of the people in our organization
and their commitment to providing superior experiences to our retailers and shoppers, and though we don’t always succeed, it won’t be from lack of effort. I look forward to another excellent year in 2016. Importantly,
I also thank you, our stockholders, for your continued support. Your comments and thoughts are always welcome and appreciated.
David Simon
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
March 18, 2016
  #FOUNDATSIMON
the sound execution of a thoughtful yet simple strategy by the entire Simon team. We accept and embrace the challenges ahead of us and we’re not afraid to take measured risks.
Ours is a long-term business. We build or acquire assets and successfully manage them for long periods of time. We have owned and operated some of the centers in our portfolio for more than 50 years. We enter long-term leases and business relationships with our retailers. And through the investments we have made not only in the redevelopment of our centers, but in our brand and many other unique ways, we are also strengthening lasting relationships with our communities and shoppers.
Given the long-term nature of our business, I, like many other business leaders, urge investors to take a long- term view on defining success. We
do this in the way we approach every decision we make, from our selection of new markets or expansion of properties in existing markets, to capital allocation and dividend policy. I would never want to make our critical business decisions based on a short-term view of quarterly results or selected metrics that are subject to variability.
CREATING A WORLD- CLASS BRAND.
understand how many people work in the retail related trade? Do they realize how important retail centers are for the local jurisdictions when it comes to sales and real estate taxes? Current actions indicate that they do not.
2016 Focus
We are committed to our long-term strategy and that will not change in 2016. As I said in my 2013 annual report letter, we continue to manage each of our assets as if it is our only asset. We will make opportunistic, accretive acquisi- tions that add long-term value to our business. We will also make selective dispositions of those assets that do not meet our expected long-term growth expectations; the last example of this was with the spin-off of the WPG portfolio in 2014. We will continue to lead the industry through innovation, creating memorable, unique experi- ences for shoppers and retailers alike. Our global scale, strong balance sheet, and experienced management team will continue to differentiate Simon, ultimately creating value for you, our stockholders.
Our track record of success is not by accident. It has been achieved through
      