Fellow shareholders:
Looking back, 2006 was another strong year for Staples. We celebrated our 20th anniversary, and our best year on record. In some ways, a lot has changed at Staples over the years, but the things that are most important to us - making it easy for our customers and running our business well - have not.
At the beginning of 2006, we announced that we’d drive strong sales and earnings growth, remain focused on execution, and invest in long-term profitable growth ideas. We delivered on each of these promises, and achieved record sales and earnings for our shareholders.
For the year, we drove both top- and bottom-line growth, with sales up 13% to $18 billion, and earnings per share up 27%. Our net income was $974 million, up 24% versus the previous year. These results, combined with consistent capital discipline, translated into return on net assets well above our long-term cost of capital. We generated $637 million in free cash flow after investing $528 million in capital to grow our business, and continued to return value to our shareholders through share repurchases and an annual dividend. During 2006, we bought back about 30 million shares of Staples stock, and we recently announced a $0.29 per share annual cash dividend for 2007, a 32% increase compared to the $0.22 per share annual dividend we paid in 2006.
We have big goals at Staples, and our vision is to be the world’s best office products company. To get there, we need to execute better than anyone else in the industry and differentiate ourselves from the competition. Core to our strategy to differentiate Staples is our brand promise, “We make buying office products easy.” We’ve been working hard over the past few years to develop initiatives that make it easy for our customers to shop with us in all our channels. Examples include our EASY service model, which sets clear service standards for our store associates, our Easy Rebates program that takes the hassle out of the rebate process, and easy-to-use websites. These efforts are enhanced by our innovative advertising campaign, featuring the Staples® Easy ButtonTM, which has become a powerful brand icon. Our research shows that Staples is widening the gap between us and our competitors in customers’ perception that we truly do make things easy for them.
Another way we are differentiating ourselves is with Staples brand products. Staples brand products offer high quality and great value to our customers, drive brand loyalty, and are more profitable. They’re also a great way to provide innovative solutions to customers. We launched more than 600 new Staples brand products in 2006, including hundreds of back to school products, an LCD computer monitor, and innovative shredders. Most notably, Staples launched the MailMate shredder, a breakthrough product designed to shred junk mail in the kitchen. We’ve already sold hundreds of thousands of MailMates and today Staples is the largest reseller of shredders in the world. And the great news is we still have plenty of room to grow. In 2006, 20% of our sales came from Staples brand products, and we expect to increase brand penetration to 30% over the next several years. Sourcing more of the products we sell directly from factories will further increase the profitability of Staples brand products. We significantly increased our direct sourcing in 2006 and benefited from the growing capabilities of our buying office in Shenzhen, China.
By focusing on driving profitable growth, the Staples team delivered excellent results in each of our three business units: North American Retail, North American Delivery, and International Operations.
North American Retail
Our North American Retail business represented 55% of our sales and 59% of our business unit income, leading the industry in sales and profitability in 2006. Sales grew 10% to $9.9 billion, with an operating income margin of 9.6%. Same store sales for the year were a healthy 3%, driven by strong customer traffic.
Excellent real estate locations and strong store networks have long been a competitive advantage for Staples. We opened 99 stores in 2006, closing the year with 1,620 stores in North America. After successfully entering the Chicago market in 2005, we entered the South Florida market in 2006, and we’re off to a great start. We plan to repeat these successes with our 2007 entry into Denver and future market launches in 10 other major cities in America where Staples currently has no retail presence. More than 40% of our stores feature the easy-to-shop “Dover” format, and we’ve kept our entire portfolio fresh with a strong remodel program.

We have a terrific opportunity to improve store productivity by growing our offering in services. Our high margin in-store copy and print centers have really taken off, as we’ve invested in technology, people, and training. We’ve also begun to test stand alone Copy & Print Shops in urban markets. We’re aggressively growing technology services with our Staples EasyTech business – staffing every store with technicians to help customers with services such as hardware and software installation, PC repair and tune ups, and security and data protection.
Offering office products expertise through additional retail channels continues to be an incremental source of both customers and sales. With Staples aisles now successfully installed in more than 2,400 supermarkets, we’re looking at developing other partnerships with retailers such as college bookstores.
With a focus on customer service and consistent execution, our North American Retail business will continue to invest in growing market share and differentiating our offering to drive sales and profits.
North American Delivery
Our North American Delivery business continued to achieve industry-leading sales growth and profits in 2006, and is the fastest growing area within the company. North American Delivery represented 32% of our sales and 38% of our profits during the year. Top-line growth was up 19% to $5.9 billion and we achieved an operating income margin of 10.7%. $4.4 billion of our North American Delivery sales were recorded on-line, making Staples one of the largest internet retailers in the world.
We plan to keep the momentum going by working hard to acquire more customers in each of our three delivery businesses, Contract, Quill, and Staples Business Delivery. In addition to adding to our sales force and driving productivity, one of the greatest growth opportunities in Delivery is cross-selling new products and services to our existing customers. We’re increasing our “share of wallet” by expanding into high margin product categories like cleaning and break room supplies, furniture, mail and ship supplies, as well as profitable services like copy and print and technology. To enhance our strong organic growth, we made several small acquisitions in 2006. We acquired Kross, a small contract stationer, to add to our customer base in the Kansas City market. We also acquired Chiswick, expanding our industrial packaging supplies assortment, and Thrive Networks, adding capabilities to provide our customers with IT services like network maintenance and user support.
In our North American Delivery business, our supply chain capabilities are good, and we’re working to make them great. In 2006, we focused on making our network more efficient, improving customer service and building out our network of fulfillment centers to support our rapid growth. During the year we added three new multi- channel fulfillment centers in Orlando, Florida, Atlanta, Georgia, and Beloit, Wisconsin to ensure great customer service and position us for sustainable growth in key markets.
Our relentless focus on customer service was recognized for the third year in a row by JD Power and Associates, which certified our call centers for outstanding service. North American Delivery is well positioned to continue to drive service improvements, expand our delivery infrastructure, and develop new businesses featuring high margin products and services.
International Operations
Staples’ International business is becoming an increasingly important component of our growth strategy. This segment includes 264 stores in five European countries as well as catalog and internet operations in 19 countries throughout Europe, Asia, and South America. While our International operations represent just 13% of our sales today, we are building a solid foundation for growth and profit improvement. In 2006, sales grew 13% to $2.4 billion, and operating profit rose to $51 million, achieving a 2.1% operating income margin. We’re making significant investments to build a successful global business, and we see tremendous opportunity for growth over the next several years.
In our European Retail business, we made excellent progress in our efforts to turn around our UK Retail operations, the largest business in our International portfolio. With dramatic improvement in customer service, merchandise assortments, supply chain, and marketing programs, we were pleased to see customer traffic as

well as sales and profits improve in the UK during the year. We also delivered strong performance in all our other European retail businesses, with overall same store sales rising 3% for the year.
In our European Catalog business, we drove solid top line growth and doubled our operating income margin. We saw particular strength in our French catalog business, which represents more than half of our delivery sales in Europe. We continue to focus on service, supply chain, own brand, Web sites, and systems integration throughout our Delivery business in Europe, and we’re encouraged to see our turnaround efforts gaining traction.
We are very excited about the opportunity to build meaningful businesses in Asia and South America, and we expect that these markets will begin to play a larger role in our success in the not-too-distant future. Our delivery business in China recorded $100 million in sales in 2006, and we recently announced a partnership to launch both retail and delivery operations in India.
We are pleased with the progress we made in 2006, but have plenty of work to do to achieve our medium-term operating income margin goal of 7.5% for our International business. This will require significant progress in our European operations while building a solid platform for growth in Asia and South America.
I’m proud of the strong financial results we delivered and the growth ideas we nurtured across all of Staples’ businesses in 2006. Going forward, we aim to keep driving market share gains by winning with more customers in more places, wherever we do business around the world.
Our consistent financial performance, coupled with our commitment to new growth initiatives, gives us very good visibility into our future performance. We expect to deliver 10 to 15% sales growth and 15 to 20% earnings per share growth for the next several years. How will we accomplish this? By truly differentiating Staples in our customers’ eyes through our Easy brand positioning, and by continuing to develop competitive advantages like our Contract sales model, customer service, and our extensive retail network. We’ll push forward with our portfolio of promising growth and margin opportunities that will drive our performance in both the short and long term, and develop new ones as our customers’ needs evolve.
We’ll also continue to build a great culture at Staples by striving to do the right things for our associates, our customers, our communities, our shareholders, and the environment. To track our progress, we’ve published a Corporate Social Responsibility report on our website and have included a summary in this annual report.
I would like to thank Brenda Barnes for her many contributions and leadership as a member of Staples’ Board of Directors during the last five years. Brenda will retire from our Board at our 2007 annual meeting. Brenda’s insight and focus on customers have brought great value to Staples during her tenure. I would also like to welcome Vijay Vishwanath, the newest member of our Board of Directors. Vijay leads the consumer products practice at Bain & Company, a global business consulting firm. His wealth of consumer products knowledge and global expertise make him a great addition to our strong Board.
Finally, I’d like to recognize the 74,000 dedicated Staples associates who work hard every day to drive our success. We’re fortunate to have a very strong, tenured, and talented team in place to execute our ambitious plans, and help us achieve our vision to be the world’s best office products company. I would also like to thank our customers, suppliers, and most importantly, our shareholders, for their continued support.
Ron Sargent
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer April 17, 2007
 