 2
To Our Stakeholders:
We are extremely pleased to tell you that 1998 was another great year. We delivered outstanding financial performance for shareholders while aggressively investing in new businesses, markets, customers, and distribution channels. As evi- dence of our industry-leading vision and execution we were added to the distinguished Standard & Poors 500 Stock Index.
The end of 1998 marked 19 consecutive quarters of earnings per share growth greater than 30 percent. Earnings per share for the year increased 33 percent to $.53.* Net income improved 39 percent to $238 million from $171 million.* Sales for the year rose 24 percent to $7.1 billion compared to $5.7 billion in the prior year. Comparable sales for stores and deliv- ery hubs that have been open more than one year grew 11 percent, the best performance in the office products indus- try. And return on equity reached 17 percent, trending upward toward our goal of 20 percent , as we made the invest- ments of our shareholders work harder.
Staples also continued to lead the industry in unit growth. We added stores at a record pace in 1998, opening on average one store every 50 hours, for a total of 174 new locations. This included 130 units in the U.S. — supported in part by new distribution centers in Killingly, Connecticut and Rialto, California — 28 in Canada, eight in the United Kingdom, and eight in Germany, all of which are expected to fuel our future earnings growth.
Staples’ STRONG GROWTH and earning power are the results of a smart, driven
customer focus. We understand who our customers are, what they want and how
they want to reach us.
 Staples operates the most office superstores of anyone in the world with 913 locations at year end, and we expect to pass the 1,000-unit mark by the fall. Our Canadian operation, Staples Business Depot, now has a true national presence with stores in every province. The chain became one of the top ten non-food retailers in Canada by passing the
Ronald L. Sargent (left)
Thomas G. Stemberg (right) $1 billion (Canadian dollars) mark in retail revenue last year.
* All references to earnings per share calculations reflect a three-for-two stock split effective January 28, 1999. All references to net income and earnings per share exclude a one-time store relocation charge in the fourth quarter of 1998, and merger-related charges in both 1997 and 1998. Historical data has also been restated to reflect the merger with Quill Corporation under the pooling of interests method of accounting.

 Momentum is building for our European operation, where profitability is near. Despite a difficult operational year, we think this business has enormous potential to become a consistent grower like its North American counterparts.
Expansion is More Than Geography
We often talk about “expansion” in terms of new store openings and market penetration. But when we talk of expansion we also mean brand power and capabilities. We are broadening our assortment of products and services to serve the rapidly and dramatically changing needs of our customers.
In 1998, we focused on improving our offering to small- and medium-sized business customers. Our enormously suc- cessful acquisition of Quill Corporation, the premier direct marketer of office supplies in the United States, added the brand flexibility we need to capture the business of small- and medium-sized delivery customers.
Quill had an outstanding operational year, exceeding both sales and profit targets. We have already achieved greater than expected cost efficiencies in buying, marketing and indirect product costs for Quill and Staples — without endangering the uniqueness of each brand. Building on a strong track record of successfully integrating new operations, we are shar- ing our best demonstrated practices to increase the overall potential across brands.
The combined expertise of Quill and Staples Direct in catalog production, database marketing and direct mail has lowered expenses and boosted growth for both operations. In addition, an increased investment in prospecting and a strong man- agement partnership have led to more aggressive financial targets for Quill. And we expect to realize additional benefits from this merger when we unveil Quill in Europe this spring.
Prospects are equally exciting for Staples.com, which we launched in 1998. Our conviction that we should serve customers the way they want to be served resulted in a user-friendly and feature-rich site that was well received by the marketplace. We are growing this business rapidly by leveraging our advertising, catalogs, and retail outlets as vehicles for building brand awareness, and utilizing our purchasing power and low-cost distribution infrastructure.
Early customer response has been so encouraging that we have increased our investment in the site, adding a strong and experienced management team that will continuously upgrade features and functionality. We strongly believe that Staples.com, which is a small part of our overall business today, has great potential to retain and expand our existing cus- tomer base and market share.
The Internet is just one indication of a rapidly changing business world. As technology progresses, Staples is building a brand that is known for convenience — even offering local and long distance phone service, on a pilot basis, as a natur- al extension of computer, phone, or fax sales. Our objective is to meet the increasingly sophisticated needs of small business customers while creating growth vehicles for the future.
We took a major step last year in expanding the technology and service sides of our business by acquiring Claricom Holdings, a $200 million provider of advanced telecommunications and network services for business customers nation- wide. Claricom’s expertise and technical infrastructure combined with Staples’ marketing resources are expected to provide a major convenience for contract, Quill and Staples Direct customers.
3

 4
We continue to offer the latest technology services through our retail network as well. Our current store prototype includes Technology Centers, which offer technology sales and support. Since introducing these centers, we have steadily refined their capabilities to solve — and prevent — problems for our small business customers.
In 1998, we piloted computer network design and installation services, including on-site network maintenance and 24-hour help. We also added build-to-order PCs to our product line-up so customers can choose exactly what they want from the latest hardware and software. And we can offer these customized machines without the cost of carrying inven- tory, or subjecting Staples to the risks of obsolescence.
Strengthening our Internal Capabilities
Contributing to our confidence in Staples’ future are several important investments in internal capabilities we made over the past year.
We hired an experienced leader to oversee Staples Contract and Commercial in North America. Joseph Doody will man- age the growth of each of these businesses as we integrate their distribution systems and networks to improve service and efficiency. He will also expand the reach of Claricom to our millions of delivery customers.
We hired another seasoned executive to improve the efficiency of our supply chain and develop an infrastructure capa- ble of supporting a much larger business. David Crosier, our new Executive Vice President of Supply Chain Management, came to us with 25 years of accomplishment in process engineering and logistics.
We continue to build a pan-European infrastructure that will allow us to expand our presence overseas. We suffered some growing pains during the year — particularly in Germany, where our transition in names from Maxi Papier to Staples Der Büro-Megamarkt and merchandising changes caused some disruption for our customers. However, Jack Bingleman continues to instill a stronger sense of customer service and operational effectiveness and we remain opti- mistic about the opportunities presented by the European market.
We also continued investing in our most important internal capabilities — our 44,000 associates. We launched several work-life initiatives to make Staples an employer-of-choice — from offering on-site child care at our new corporate center in Framingham, Massachusetts to adding adoption assistance, child care and education referrals through our expanded Employee Assistance Program, and an improved tuition reimbursement program. And we continued to build a comprehensive management development program, Staples University, to develop leaders for our future. All of these initiatives are part of our commitment to a set of priorities we call “C.A.R.E.”— Customers, Associates, Real Communication, and Execution.
Finally, our Board strengthened its capabilities with two important additions. Former U.S. Senator George Mitchell, a prominent leader in politics and diplomacy, brings extensive knowledge and experience that will be invaluable in our relations with the U.S. and foreign governments as we expand our business beyond North America. Meg Whitman, Chief Executive Officer of eBay, has extensive retail and Internet experience, and is expected to provide terrific insight as we invest in e-commerce across the company.

 Prospects Brighter Than Ever
Staples was founded 13 years ago with a driving passion to cut the cost and hassle of running a small business. From a single store in Brighton, Massachusetts, we have grown to serve the needs of millions of customers through nearly 1,000 retail stores, a contract business, two catalog businesses, three Internet sites and four countries. We have extended our vision beyond basic office supplies to an ever-expanding array of products and services that today’s small businesses demand.
The past year was extremely exciting and rewarding for Staples customers, associates and shareholders. But our long- term growth prospects are even more exciting than our strong record of recent success. Our mission is deliberately broad, leaving ample room for growth. In 1999 and beyond, we will continue to execute our proven business model and leverage the Staples brand to meet our customers’ growing needs.
We have consistently underestimated the potential for Staples retail outlets in new U.S. markets — especially in subur- ban and rural areas. We once thought that the state of New Hampshire lacked a concentration of small businesses sufficient to support an office superstore. Today, we have 14 locations in that state. In Salem, New Hampshire we have two stores a mile apart. And we have been adding stores in markets like Bangor, Maine and Nanaimo, British Columbia, where we thought our plan for even one store was ambitious.
We have successfully contended with many of the challenges of our European business, and we remain convinced that the path we are taking for international growth is the right one.
We are adopting e-commerce technology across our company to become more nimble, drive costs down, and position ourselves to enter new countries and lines of business without constraints. Staples.com complements our retail and delivery businesses, providing another important growth platform.
In every area of our business — retail, contract, catalog, and e-commerce — there is much more room for growth. But while we are confident, we are not complacent. With the enormous energy of our 44,000 associates, who serve cus- tomers so well, and the continually improving power of our brand and infrastructure, we have every reason to believe the best opportunities to fulfill our mission — and produce generous rewards — still lie ahead of us.
Thomas G. Stemberg Ronald L. Sargent
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer April 2, 1999
  5
