 Letter to Our Shareholders
 Thomas G. Stemberg
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer
 We’re excited and proud to report to our shareholders on another record- breaking year at Staples. In 1996, we recorded a 29 percent increase in total sales, a 14 percent increase in compa- rable-store and delivery sales, and a 39 percent increase in earnings per share.
We entered new markets and expand- ed existing markets aggressively: from Regina, Saskatchewan to Venice, Florida from Sacramento, California to Bangor, Maine, continuing to strengthen our broad store network.
Staples Contract and Commercial enjoyed record growth, and made investments for an even more suc- cessful future. On the international front, we negotiated to purchase control of our 40-store joint venture in the United Kingdom and our 16- unit joint venture in Germany, which experienced 16 percent and 26 percent increases in comparable- store sales in 1996, respectively.
Our ongoing efforts to merge with Office
Depot, described below, have received a lot of media attention. But this report focuses on the accom- plishments and prospects of Staples — and there’s a lot to tell!
Staples continues to deliver impressive growth in sales and profits, despite being a very large ($4 billion!) company. In 1996, we achieved
a 15 percent return on equity, approaching our goal of 18 percent. We’re one of the fastest growing publicly owned companies in the United States. And we’re building
a great future. That is the theme of this year’s report: positioning Staples for continued profitable growth.
Understanding Our Potential
Conventional wisdom says that there’s room for 3,000 office superstores in North America, of which 1,700 were in place by the end of 1996. We will add several hundred retail stores before the end of the century, and keep solidifying our position as a leading player in this market.
We believe that the 3,000-store “ceiling” is an artificial one. Why? Because every year, there are more and more small businesses and home offices. New technologies continue to create broad new ranges of office appliances, which we can sell to both of these markets directly, along with the supplies annuities that they consume. And every year, Staples discovers smaller markets that can support retail stores.
We are also creating new kinds of opportunities. We’re con-
stantly challenging and
improving our assortments — on a regional and local basis — to meet our customers’ changing needs. Through an aggressive strategy of global product sourcing, we’re now able to offer higher-margin quality products at lower costs. We are pushing into new business services, including digital copying and tech- nology support. We’re adding retail product lines opportunistically — for example, back-to-school and holiday goods on a seasonal basis. By adding these new products and ser- vices, we’ll attract new customers, and create the need for even more Staples stores.
Staples Contract and Commercial (SCC) also presents us with huge opportunities for growth. As our costs and prices continue to decrease, we will capture more of the contract business. The same economies of scale hold true in the mail-order business, which is one of the most profitable segments of the office- supply industry. SCC now has only about a 2 percent market share,
and we’re very confident that we can expand our position here.
Finally, we have truly exciting prospects overseas. The European Common Market is an even bigger market than the North American market. We’re now fielding the strongest interna-
tional team in our history
  2
  
  headed by Jack Bingleman, President, John Chiaro, Vice President, Michael Baur, Director, Operations, and Thorsten Kochanek, Director, Merchandising, and including out- standing German and British nationals. We are prepared to move decisively in Europe.
Staples At Work
We succeed because we work hard for our customers. We are constantly sourcing new products, increasing our level of customer service, reformatting our stores, and improving our distribu- tion channels. Staples has always excelled at these tasks — and we’ll keep delivering excellence as we position Staples for continued profitable growth.
We also work hard for our share- holders. We use our capital carefully. All significant investments, including all store locations, are based on a comprehensive return-based analysis. Investing our capital wisely today is the critical foundation for profitable growth tomorrow.
For the same reason, we’ve embedded earnings targets into all of our man- agement incentive plans. Our goal is to align the interests of our managers with those of our shareholders. No one in management at Staples wins unless the shareholder wins — and that’s the way it should be.
We’re very proud of our record of creating value for our shareholders. Between fiscal year 1991 and fiscal year 1996, Staples stock more
than tripled in value. A $1,000 investment in our 1989 initial public offering was worth more than $8,000 at year end.
The Proposed Merger,
and Beyond
Most of you have been following the news accounts of our efforts to merge with Office Depot. Both companies think the deal makes a whole lot of sense. First, our skill sets and retail operations are highly complementary, and a merged business would draw upon the best of both companies. Second, our combined purchasing power would enable us to buy more effectively, drive down our costs radically, and in turn pass savings along to our customers.
Unfortunately, we haven’t been successful in reaching an agreement with the federal government. On April 4, 1997, the Federal Trade Commission announced that it would try to block the merger. In response, our two companies declared that we would fight vigorously in the courts against the FTC’s ruling.
The FTC has fundamentally misun- derstood our markets. We’ve been successful in the past because we’ve made it possible for small businesses to buy office supplies at the same low prices enjoyed by large businesses. Wherever we go, prices decrease — and the small business, the home office, and the consumer benefit.
This is the case that we will be making in court.
We want to underscore that the future success of Staples does
not depend on this merger going through. And although we’ve spent a lot of time in the last year trying to prepare ourselves for a big change that may not happen, this has not been wasted energy.
Why? Because we now know more about ourselves, our current markets, and our opportunities for future growth than ever before. For example, we’ve learned a lot about selling furniture and technology, and we’re implementing new retail strategies based on that new understanding.
Most encouraging, we’ve learned that our “bench” is deeper than we ever suspected. We’ve performed extremely well, despite the complica- tions and distractions of the proposed merger. We’ll put all of this learning to work in the future — merger or no merger — to make your company even stronger.
Staples has not been successful by accident. We’ve always taken the necessary steps to plan and build for the future. We’re now positioning Staples for continued profitable growth, well into the 21st century.
Thank you for your continued confidence in Staples.
Thomas G. Stemberg
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer
Martin E. Hanaka
President, Chief Operating Officer
Martin E. Hanaka
President,
Chief Operating Officer
 3
   