    To Our Shareholders:
Staples enjoyed another year of strong growth, high performance, and investment for the long term. Our fiscal year 1997 revenues (FY ‘97) exceeded $5 billion, a 31 percent increase over FY ‘96. Comparable store and delivery sales growth was 10 percent, and the fourth quarter of FY ‘97 was the 14th consecutive quarter in which we’ve led the office-superstore industry in this cate- gory. We have now recorded 15 consecutive quarters of earnings-per-share growth in excess
of 30 percent: one of the best and most consistent performances in all of “big box” retailing.
At the same time, we’ve generated solid returns on our investments. Each year, we’re not only getting bigger, we’re getting better. This is the twofold theme of this year’s report: strong growth, and more effective execution.
Last spring, the Federal Trade Commission challenged our proposed merger with Office Depot, and our two companies ultimately abandoned our efforts to merge. This was a disappointment, because our two companies’ skills and resource bases were highly complementary. But the silver lining was that the failed merger process taught us a lot. I can assure you that much of that learning has already been put to good use — serving our customers better, and strengthening our leadership position in an incredi- bly dynamic industry.
I’ll share some more ideas about our industry, and where I think we’re headed in the future, in a subsequent section of this letter. But first let me review some of the important developments of FY ‘97.
1997: INVESTING FOR FUTURE GROWTH
In FY ‘97, our North American retail organization — 582 U.S. stores and 103 Canadian stores — turned in an outstanding performance. Despite a 28 percent increase in selling area over the previous year, our stores increased their sales-per-selling-square-foot from $353 to $360. This is the direct result of skillful execution at the store level, for which our store managers and associates deserve great credit. Our Canadian operations, in particular, continue to achieve extraordinarily high performance standards.
We grew our North American retail network significantly in this past year. Concentrating on smaller markets — a new and exciting growth arena for us — we opened 129 new stores in the U.S. and Canada. This is important because it represents one of the
most crucial investments in the future of our company. The accompanying
chart tells the story. After one year, the typical Staples store has broken even and has begun to make money. In each of the following three years thereafter, it steadily has become more profitable. In other words, consis- tent with this experience, even if Staples stopped building stores tomor- row, our earnings would be expected to keep increasing for several years to come. The 150 North American stores we plan to open in 1998 alone could represent more than $1 billion in annual sales by the year 2001.
We are constantly updating and fine-tuning the stores in our North American retail network. Two years ago, I reported to you on the success of our “Heartland” store remodeling campaign, in which we retrofitted our existing store base to conform to a larger, more “shoppable” model. Even before we finished converting the whole network to the Heartland
“...fourth quarter of FY ‘97 was the 14th consecutive quarter in which we’ve led the office- superstore industry in this
      15% 15% 12%
7%
                 17%
 1993 1994 1995 1996 1997*
   IMPROVING RETURNS
    *Excluding merger related charges.
category. We have now recorded 15 consecutive quarters of earnings-per-share growth in excess of 30 percent: one of the best and most consistent perfor- mances in all of
“big box” retailing.”
“After one year, the typical Staples store has broken even
and has begun to make money. In each of the following three years thereafter, it steadily has become more profitable.”
       11%
           7% 5%
             1%
     0-1 yrs 1-2 yrs 2-3 yrs 3+ yrs
 STORE OPERATING PROFIT BY AGE
      Twelve months ended January 31, 1998

    “We continue to make major corporate-level investments
to support this retail growth. On the marketing side, for example, we launched our first national T.V. ad campaign in 1997, and (based on a USA Today study) almost immedi- ately ranked among the most popular and most effective national advertisers.”
model, we began introducing Concept ‘97 — yet another refinement in store layout and prod- uct presentation — in stores across the chain. (Our successful Copy Centers, for example, were made bigger and moved forward in the stores as part of Concept ‘97.) As a result of this con- stant updating, our stores are fresh and contemporary, with an average “age” of only 3.6 years. This is a strong platform for effective retail performance.
Meanwhile, we continue to seek out new ways to serve customers through our retail network. Last year, for example, we set up “Technology Centers” on a pilot basis in a very limited number of stores. These centers were conceived as a means of offering technology sales and support (e.g. memory upgrades, peripheral installations, and so on) to our small-business customer. Frankly, we weren’t sure this venture would fly. Would our small-business customer — the backbone of our business — see us as a credible source of goods and services in the complex world of technology?
The answer seems to be yes. Our pilot stores were successful enough that we installed Tech Centers in more than 75 of our retail outlets. Many more are now on the way demonstrating our ability to roll out new concepts across the retail network quickly and effectively.
We continue to make major corporate-level investments to support this retail growth. On the marketing side, for example, we launched our first national T.V. ad campaign in 1997, and (based on a USA Today study) quickly ranked among the most popular and most effective national advertisers. In December, we announced an agreement whereby a new state-of-the-art sports/entertainment complex — the STAPLES Center — will be built in downtown Los Angeles adjacent to the city’s Convention Center. Our agreement with the L.A. Arena Company gives us marketing, promotional, and signage rights in the new Center for the next 20 years.
On the infrastructure side, our new 840,000-square-foot retail distribution center in Hagerstown, Maryland, began receiving products on February 3, 1997. We recently finished a second major facility in Killingly, Connecticut. When fully operational, our consolidated retail distribution network is expected to support more products and improve in-stock levels. Stores will receive more loads with all products on them, and distribution costs are expected to be lowered.
Staples Contract and Commercial, another key piece of our growing business, will also benefit from the Killingly investment. When that facility comes on line, SCC will take over the Putnam (Connecticut) retail distribution facility — an important step toward the creation of what is planned to be an integrated, multichannel SCC distribution network.
Again, these investments reflect past growth, and position us for future growth. Overall, SCC sales exceeded $1 billion for the first time. Our Staples Direct business grew dramatically
in both the U.S. and Canada. Staples National Advantage continues to sign up major new corporate accounts. Staples Business Advantage, our rapidly growing contract entity aimed at mid-sized businesses, launched “Greenfield” operations in two new markets: Pittsburgh and the Washington, D.C. area.
Farther afield, an experienced team of American, Canadian, and European nationals is hard
at work bringing the performance of our European operations (40 stores in the U.K., 17 in Germany) up to our North American performance levels. These operations lost money in FY ‘97, and may not be profitable in the near future. But we believe that we are taking the appropriate steps to make our European investments pay off in the longer term. In FY ‘97, for example, we

    completed the purchase of our joint-venture partner’s interest in the European operation, set up a Pan-European management structure, and opened seven new stores. We pushed harder for better performance at the store level, as well, and we’re seeing some indications of success. Customer counts in our existing European stores rose by an average of 20 percent — a measure that reminds me of the early days of Staples in the U.S.
We remain both realistic and optimistic about Europe. We are concentrating our activities in two countries (Germany and the U.K.) until we are satisfied that we have perfected a successful model for future European expansion. We are now replacing all of our European information systems — only one measure of our confidence that we will eventually see significant increases in our European retail and catalog businesses. We will continue to invest in Europe.
We also made lots of intangible investments in the future during the past fiscal year. For example, when our chief operating officer left in mid-year, we sought out executive talent inside the Company. At that point, three of our most experienced and qualified senior officers – John Mahoney, Ron Sargent, and Joe Vassalluzzo – agreed to take on additional corporate-level responsibilities.
 THE STAPLES POINT TEAM
from left to right: (front row) JOSEPH VASSALLUZZO, President, Staples Realty & Development; THOMAS STEMBERG, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer; RONALD SARGENT, President North American Operations; JACK BINGLEMAN, President, Staples International (back row) BRIAN LIGHT, Senior Vice President & Chief Information Officer; SUSAN HOYT, Executive Vice President, Human Resources; JEFFREY LEVITAN, Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning & Business Development; JAMES PETERS, President, U.S. Stores; JOHN MAHONEY, Executive Vice President & Chief Administrative Officer (the following are not pictured above but can be found on the pages noted) RICHARD GENTRY, Executive Vice President of Merchandising (p.12); EDWARD HARSANT, President, The Business Depot, Canada (p.8); JEANNE LEWIS, Senior Vice President of Marketing (p.5)

      Similarly, when our executive vice president for marketing, Todd Krasnow, told me in September of 1996 that he would eventually be leaving Staples to pursue his own entrepreneurial venture, we set in motion a plan whereby
his designated successor, Jeanne Lewis, would spend more than a year with Todd, learning the ropes and preparing to take over the marketing responsibility. We also used this opportunity to broaden the corporate communications function, bringing in Elizabeth Allen, an experienced communications executive, to take on this increasingly important job.
Other key new hires included Jim Peters, who has taken over responsibility for our North American retail operation (following Jack
Bingleman’s departure for Europe), and chief information officer, Brian Light, who adds new depth to our information systems team.
These changes illustrate three important points. First, our succession planning is thorough and effective, and takes into account our continuing dramatic growth. Second, our executive ranks often are deep enough to allow us to promote from within. And third, when necessary, we are able to recruit very strong people from outside and integrate them effectively into the Staples culture. In short, we can “grow our own,” and we also can entice talented outsiders to join our ranks.
Growing our own means, among other things, paying careful attention to the training of our Staples associates. This is one key focus of our ongoing “CARE” (Customers, Associates, Real communication, and Execution) initiative. A brand-new initiative, “Staples University,” also reflects this emphasis. More like a “virtual school” than a traditional one, Staples University delivers learning opportunities to Staples associates using distance learning, CD ROM-based training materials, satellite video feeds, and other contemporary technologies (as well as more traditional teaching techniques). We are proud of our extensive orientation and training efforts, and we believe that these programs will help our associates better serve our customers. And this will make us an even stronger business.
A LEADER IN A VIBRANT INDUSTRY
Let me make three observations about the industry in which we compete, and how I think our industry and our company are likely to evolve in the near term.
First, this is, and will continue to be, a great industry. The U.S. office products market, currently estimated at $205 billion, is growing by 10 percent (or more than $20 billion!) annually. To be sure, these aggregate numbers include relatively low-margin products such as computers, and are therefore somewhat overstated. But the market for consumable office supplies, which are generally among our more profitable products, is growing by 7 percent each year; and sales of low-margin computers generate sales of higher-margin peripherals and consumables.
JEANNE LEWIS, Senior Vice President of Marketing (Point Team member)
“First, this is, and will continue to be, a great industry.
The U.S. office products market, currently estimated at $205 billion, is growing
by 10 percent annually.”

    Meanwhile, small businesses — whom we are particularly qualified to reach and serve — are growing at four times the rate of large businesses. Fully half of the households in the U.S. will have home offices by the year 2000. In short, our markets still appear underdeveloped, and continue to grow at a dizzying pace.
Second, we have enormous opportunities to grow within this growing market. Today, Staples only has 4 percent of the $92 billion North American retail market for office supplies. We are determined to increase that share substantially, by continuing to offer everyday low prices, and by being customer-focused and service-oriented.
And finally, we think we can grow Staples in other ways. It’s clear to us that the “Staples” brand name has great power in the marketplace. In market research, people tell us that “Staples” stands for reducing the cost and hassle of doing business. We are now investigating ways to leverage our brand and broaden our franchise, especially in relation to our 3.5 million (and counting!) small-business customers. We believe that we are uniquely positioned to aggregate the demand that these millions of small companies represent, and use it to venture into entirely new products and services. As our small-business customers benefit, we will benefit, too.
For all these reasons, and many more, we believe that we’re in an industry of immense opportunities, which provides Staples with ample opportunities for growth.
GROWING THROUGH OUR PEOPLE
This year, as you’ll see, we’re trying something a little different in our *Value Added Reseller annual report. We’re sharing with you seven stories about associates
who are doing remarkable things for Staples.
These are stories in real time. (That’s why they have no endings.) They are unfolding across
all the different channels of our business. They feature people with very different skills and from very different backgrounds. But these Staples stories have one important theme in common: They are all about making investments today that are designed to result in earning power tomorrow. I hope you’ll find them as exciting as I do.
More than 30,000 people now work for Staples. We are proud of them all. Each and every
one of them makes a contribution toward making our company bigger and better. This makes
it tough to single out a small number of people for special notice. But it also promises amazing things for the future of Staples — a great company today, and an even better company tomorrow!
Thank you for your continued confidence in Staples.
Thomas G. Stemberg Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
April 3, 1998
“...we have enormous opportunities to grow within this growing market. Today, Staples only has 4 percent
of the $92 billion North American retail market
for office supplies. We are determined to increase that share substantially, by continuing to offer everyday low prices, and by being customer-focused and service-oriented.”
       Contract & Retail Commercial $92 billion     $63 billion
*VARs/ other $51 billion
                                       79% 81%
17% 17% 4% 2%
              A HIGHLY FRAGMENTED MARKET
  Top 6
Other Other Staples
             