                   Fellow Shareholders,
As we celebrate Staples’ 25th anniversary this
year, we look back with great pride on our team’s accomplishments. In 1986, Tom Stemberg and Leo Kahn founded our industry by opening the first office products superstore in Brighton, Massachusetts to serve the needs of small businesses. Since then, we’ve come a long way. Today, Staples employs 89,000 talented associates and provides office solutions through retail and delivery operations in 26 countries around the world.
Over the years, we’ve succeeded by staying focused on our
customers and evolving to meet their needs. Our 2010 results
reflect this focus. We got back to growing the top-line with $24.5 billion in sales, achieved solid operating margin expansion and earnings growth, and generated $1 billion in free cash flow. We also strengthened our foundation for long-term growth by investing in high-potential growth initiatives across each of our businesses.
In North American Delivery, we grew the top line 2 percent by acquiring and retaining customers, providing great customer service and offering new products and services. We took a big step forward with our initiative to accelerate growth in facilities and breakroom supplies. Investments in associate training, sharper pricing and a wider assortment all helped to position Staples as a leader in this category. Throughout 2010, we also made great progress with the Corporate Express integration, now in its third year. Despite the challenge of stubbornly high unemployment rates, we are encouraged by the top-line momentum that we’re seeing across each of our delivery businesses.
In North American Retail, we continued to grow market share in core office supplies through strong supplier partnerships, as well as innovative Staples® brand products. We also invested to become a leader in copy & print, business technology, and technology services. During 2010, we remodeled the technology area in about half of our stores to improve our assortment and service capabilities. We upgraded many of our Copy & Print Centers in conjunction with building a sales force, now 200 associates strong, to focus on this high-margin category. We also introduced a mobile phone offering in 100 stores. These investments helped to drive strong top-line growth in both the copy & print and technology businesses, and have positioned us well for continued growth in 2011 and beyond.
In International operations, we made good progress improving profitability despite soft sales. We strengthened our global position by acquiring the leading contract
        
                 stationer in Finland and increasing our ownership in Corporate Express Australia to 100 percent. We also launched a Contract offering to serve medium-sized businesses in the United Kingdom and a public Web site in Australia, and we laid out a detailed roadmap to get us to our long-term profit targets in the International business.
In addition to all the investments and operating improvements we made over the past year, we also stepped up our commitment to sustainability. Today, Staples offers customers several thousand eco-conscious products that not only differ- entiate the Staples® brand, but also allow us to grow profitably and responsibly. Last fall, we rolled out a new strategy to drive sustainability innovation in product manufacturing, packaging and distribution by challenging our key suppliers to join us in a “Race to The Top.” Going forward, sustainability will join price, quality and service as the key factors driving purchasing and assortment decisions.
We got a lot done during 2010, and have a lot of work ahead of us to accomplish our goals for 2011. We’ll continue investing in the business while carefully managing expenses to drive solid earnings growth. We’ll improve our competitive position in core office supplies as well as key categories like facilities and breakroom supplies, copy & print, and business technology. In our International business, we’ll streamline operations and continue to make solid progress on profit improvement plans. And most importantly, we’ll leverage our strong foundation
to drive top-line growth across each of our businesses.
Over the past 25 years, Staples has evolved from an idea to an industry leader around the world. While our opportunities over the next 25 years will look very different than those of the past, we’ll continue to win by staying true to a proven formula for success: taking care of customers, striving for consistent execution, and investing wisely to drive long-term growth.
In closing, I would like to thank our customers, suppliers and stakeholders for their continued trust. I’d also like to thank our Board of Directors for their strong leadership and support. Finally, I’d like to recognize our associates around the world for bringing to life our vision to be the world’s most trusted source for office solutions. I’m proud of all that we’ve accomplished over the past 25 years, and I’m confident that the next 25 years will bring even greater success.
Ron Sargent
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer April 2011
           