Letter To Shareholders:
Staples achieved exceptional results in 2002, demonstrating the power of our people united behind a winning strategy. At the end of 2001, we developed a simple, three-part improvement plan and combined it with our strategy to focus on our small business customer base. We named this plan “Back to Brighton” after our very first store in Brighton, Massachusetts, opened in 1986 with a mission to serve small business customers. Back to Brighton is an on-going plan to drive profitable sales, improve operating margins, and increase asset productivity, while at the same time investing in our future. During the course of 2002, we made solid progress in each leg of this plan:
• We grew sales by 8% to $11.6 billion, and both top line growth and comparable store sales accelerated throughout the year;
• We expanded our operating margins from 4.8% in 2001 to 5.9% in 2002, and grew earnings per share 33% to $0.88 (on a GAAP basis, earnings per share grew 65% to $0.94, due to a one-time tax benefit in 2002 and certain charges in 2001); and
• We drove return on net assets up more than 146 basis points, exceeding our current cost of capital, and underscoring our relentless focus on improving returns.
We made significant investments to drive sustainable top line growth, in areas like labor, sales force, marketing, and supply chain. Our results in improving our business came not so much from cost cutting, as from driving productivity improvements and better processes. We succeeded in striking a healthy balance between investing for our long-term success and delivering strong earnings growth for the year.
2002 was an important year for Staples, but not only in terms of the strong financial and operational performance we achieved. Even more significant were the changes we made in our business model. We made several structural changes that fundamentally transform our business and give us sustainable momentum for the future. These changes were evident in the performance of each of our business units:
North American Retail:
Despite a difficult environment, we grew sales 4% and improved earnings 29% versus our 2001results.Our“BacktoBrighton”strategycreatedseveralimportantshiftsinour business model. We shifted our customer mix to selling more to small businesses and reducing our reliance on less profitable casual consumers. We changed our product mix from selling lower margin, consumer-oriented products to a richer mix of business-focused products and services, including a stronger focus on our high margin copy and print center. We also increased our focus on selling Staples branded product, growing total unit volume, boosting margins, and enhancing customer loyalty. We refined our real estate strategy, transitioning from a focus on new market entries to adding “in-fill” stores to existing

markets. We also enhanced our existing real estate portfolio by improving under-performing stores and closing 33 stores that didn’t demonstrate the potential to earn an adequate return on capital. We rolled out a differentiated store format, and remodeled 126 of our stores to the new, customer-centric “Dover” model, leading the industry in keeping our stores fresh and exciting. A quarter of our chain now features the new design. Perhaps most importantly, we have begun to shift our culture from one based on tasks and transactions to one based on customers, driven by our “Back to Brighton” customer service initiatives and our new brand promise: we make buying office products easy.
North American Delivery:
Our North American Delivery business generated record sales, profits and returns as well as outstanding customer service scores in 2002. Each of the three businesses that make up NA Delivery — Staples Business Delivery, Contract, and Quill — surpassed the billion dollar mark in annual revenues, and together increased sales by 13% and earnings by 29% compared to the prior year’s results. Combined internet sales reached $1.6 billion for NA Delivery, and approached $2 billion including the sales from our in-store internet access points. Staples Business Delivery, our direct mail and internet business serving small businesses, improved customer retention and increased its operating profit significantly. Our Contract business delivered industry-leading profitability and acquired more than 10,000 new customers. Quill acquired record numbers of new customers while remaining the most profitable business in Staples’ portfolio. We also acquired Medical Arts Press, a leading direct marketer of specialized printed office products to healthcare practices. This strategic addition to the Staples family creates a new growth platform by providing us the opportunity to address a new market segment. Growing our delivery businesses faster than our retail business brings the benefits of higher margins and returns and the Medical Arts Press acquisition improves the profitability of our NA Delivery segment even further.
Europe:
In our European business, sales increased 31% and we delivered a modest profit, representing a $10 million positive swing versus 2001. Our retail businesses in the United Kingdom, Netherlands and Portugal all performed well, while our German retail operations remain challenging due to the weak economy as well as poor execution. On the Delivery side, we created an exciting new growth platform with the acquisition of a leading European direct mail business with attractive growth prospects and strong operating margins. This acquisition increases Staples’ global presence with access to four new countries: France, Belgium, Spain, and Italy. We expect Europe to become an increasingly important growth platform for us in the future.
All these shifts contributed to our strong financial results in 2002, but more importantly, they have created a platform for sustainable, long-term performance for years to come.

Over the past year, we strengthened our commitment to the community and reinforced our pledge to preserve the environment. We launched Staples’ Foundation for Learning, designed with a mission to support job skills and education for all people, with an emphasis on disadvantaged youth. We were pleased to award the first grant to the Boys & Girls Clubs of America, and became one of their national sponsors. We also bolstered our dedication to environmental stewardship to protect and preserve natural resources and heightened our focus on the promotion of recycled content products, chain-wide recycling, energy conservation, and educational initiatives for customers and associates. Working closely with shareholders, consultants, suppliers and environmental non-government organizations, we developed a revolutionary new paper procurement policy, reaffirming our commitment to protect forest resources. Environmentalists commended Staples for taking the lead in our industry, and recognized the value of this collaboratively designed policy that supports the best interest of the environment, our customers and our shareholders. We’re proud of our achievements to date and we’ll continue our focus on realizing our environmental goals.
Looking ahead, Staples is well positioned to create value for our shareholders. In the near term, we have some big opportunities. A crucial objective for 2003 is bringing to life our new “easy” brand promise. Customer research showed us that a great assortment of products and everyday low prices are not enough to differentiate us from our competitors; our busy, time-starved customers want an easy, hassle-free shopping experience. We have already begun to deliver on our promise to make buying office products easy with enhanced in-store signage, easier to navigate websites, the launch of our ink and toner in-stock guarantee and our copy center quality promise, and there is more in the pipeline. Other significant goals for the year are executing a program to transform our supply chain, getting the most from our strategic sourcing initiatives, and driving profitability improvement in both our lowest performing stores and Staples’ catalog businesses in North America and in Europe. At the same time, we’ll keep our focus on the basics, and on a culture of operational excellence built around customers. With this focus and the momentum we’ve created in our business, we expect to continue to deliver solid results.
Most importantly, we thank our 58,000 associates for their steadfast loyalty and dedication, and we thank our customers, our suppliers, and our shareholders for their continued support.
Ron Sargent Tom Stemberg President and Chief Executive Officer Chairman
  