Dear Shareholders,
If the year 2000 were to be measured by
its impact on our company’s future, it would undoubtedly earn a place as one of the most significant years in our history.
This past year we implemented a number of strategically important initiatives that will meaningfully contribute to our future growth. In the context of the challenging economic environment of the past year, these initiatives proved costly, but we have emerged as a smarter, stronger organization.
Last year we did not deliver on our own internal goals or on your expectations. For the first time in seven and a half years, our earnings were disappointing, with earnings per share down 13% to $0.58 compared to $0.67 in 1999. Despite this performance, we maintained our position as the industry leader and are proud of several noteworthy accomplishments:
s we delivered industry-leading comparable sales of 7%;
s we grew revenues 19% to $10.7 billion;
s we over-delivered on all of our performance targets for Staples.com; and
s we achieved profitability in Europe for the first time during the fourth quarter.
 1
Room to Grow

Despite our strong corporate revenue growth, our spectacular growth on-line, and our progress in Europe, our core business — North American Retail — suffered from the aggressive breadth of our initiatives at a time of economic slowdown. For example, we executed one of the most ambitious new market entry programs in our history. In the short term, there is no question that our decision to stay the course challenged us in a time of deteriorating market conditions. Over the long term, however, we can leverage that investment to drive productivity and profitability, and we expect these new stores to contribute meaningfully to our sales and earnings growth.
Last year we also recognized the need to integrate three of our sales channels to serve our customers better and to fully capture the benefit of the increasingly valuable multi-channel shopper. At Staples, we have always prided ourselves on recognizing and responding to our customers’ changing needs and the evolving business environment. More and more, our customers are shopping our stores, our catalog, and Staples.com, becoming more valuable to us as they spend a greater share of their office supply budgets with us. In order to manage our assets more efficiently and simplify our financial reporting, it clearly makes sense for us to fully integrate Staples.com into the business, rather than to proceed with
the tracking stock structure proposed last year. To that end, we are seeking shareholder approval to convert Staples.com tracking stock into Staples common stock.
In the pages that follow you will learn more about how the full integration of our delivery operations will strengthen our business and position us to leverage the power of the multi- channel shopper. You will read about other valuable growth opportunities in North America and Europe — from new retail stores, to the growing use of technology, to the sale of new products and services.
You will get a glimpse of how the challenges of the past year have prepared us for the future. We clearly understand that the success of the past does not guarantee success in the future.
 2

 Left: Ronald L. Sargent, right: Thomas G. Stemberg
As a result, we have heightened our focus on continually refining our business model, adapting to not only the needs of our customers but also the realities of the markets in which we compete. We stand ready to meet the needs of our customers and to capitalize on the significant room to grow that remains in this industry. In doing so, we will deliver the leadership performance that you, our shareholders, have come to
expect of us.
Revenues ($ in billions)
$10.7 $8.9
$7.1
$5.7 $4.5
1996 1997 1998 1999 2000
Earnings Per Share (pro forma, excluding charges)
$0.67 $0.58
$0.53
$0.40 $0.31
1996 1997 1998 1999 2000
Thomas G. Stemberg Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Ronald L. Sargent President and
Chief Operating Officer
May 1, 2001
3
