 To our Stakeholders, Associates, and Friends of Staples:
In 1999, 50,000 associates carried out our revolution in seven countries earning Staples — yet again — industry-leading results. Our Retail and Delivery group grew sales by 24% to $8.8 billion. Comparable store sales were nine percent for the year. Pro forma earnings per share, before the retained interest in Staples.com, grew to $0.70. By the end of fiscal year 1999, we operated 1,129 superstores worldwide, more than any other office products retailer.
Our e-commerce business, Staples.com, also chalked up impressive revenue growth in 1999, up more than 450% over 1998, reaching $94 million. Our marketing efforts spurred similar growth in repeat customers, up more than 50% in the fourth quarter of 1999. To capitalize on Staples.com’s success, we expect to complete an initial public offering of Staples.com common stock in the year 2000.
Revolutionary ideas lead to revolutionary rewards. If you invested $1,000 in Staples when we went public in 1989, that investment would have been worth more than $19,369 at the close of the 20th century — a more than 19-fold increase in your investment. We have enjoyed 13 years of phenomenal growth and achievement, but in some ways, our revolution is just beginning. From markets throughout North America, to locations like Europe, to spaces like the World Wide Web, to more product and expanded services, we will continue to re-invent the way business does business. In the new millennium, we will continue to lead our industry with innovation.
Our People
Our future rests in the capable and creative hands of our associates. It is their hard work that has brought Staples this far, and will carry Staples boldly forward. Their dedication and commitment to our customers will ensure our achievement. Staples associates are inventive and develop ideas like
our airport store, which won “Best New Specialty Retail Concept” for 1999 from World Airport Retail News. This is just one of the many examples of the imaginative lengths to which we will go to serve our customers any place. Our people are industrious; they will meet our customers’ needs any time as in our 24-hour stores. And our associates generate ideas to serve our customers any way. Take for instance, the initiative of Leo Murphy, a Staples associate. Leo’s wife bought a calcu- lator as a gift at Staples and wanted to ship it. The following Monday, Leo developed the Pack and Ship program now in place in all of our U.S. stores. This service allows customers to send any item, from a letter to a computer, across the country or around
 Left: Thomas G. Stemberg Right: Ronald L. Sargent
the world via UPS without leaving our store.
2

 Services like Pack and Ship make Staples the one-stop business solutions center for our customers. And it is our associates’ drive to meet our customers’ needs any place, any time, and any way, that fuels the entrepreneurial spirit that makes such innovations possible.
New Ground
Our revolutionary growth is taking us to new markets in North America and Europe. In 1999, we opened a net 151 stores in North America, more than any other office superstore company. We expect to equal at least that number of new stores in 2000.
VALUE OF $1,000
INVESTMENT
IN STAPLES
(in dollars)
    89 99
We believe Europe is fertile ground for more Staples innovation. In 1999, we opened 23 new stores in Europe. We expanded into the Netherlands and Portugal for the first time in 1999 with the acquisition of the Office Centre and Sigma chains. We continued to see improvement in our European operations as 1999 drew to a close, and expect Europe to be a major opportunity for growth in the years ahead.
Revolutionary Tools
We continue to conceive new tools and services to meet our customers’ needs. Innovations like in-store special order stations and our build-to-order computer program allow us to dramatically increase the number of items we offer our customers without increasing our investment in inventory. In 2000, we will expand our special order program and offer even more products.
In-store Tech Centers help support the hardware and software that keep our customers’ businesses humming. Our technicians provide a personal, face-to-face, and reassuring service, allowing our customers to focus on their business, not their PC or software. In the year ahead, we will add to our roster of mission critical business services like those found in our Tech Centers.
The Foundation
Our delivery businesses have helped drive our revolution and are the footing on which much of our future stands. Quill had double digit sales growth in 1999, while revenues at Staples Contract and Commercial (SCC) also increased by double digits.
SCC’s revenue growth is important, but also vital to our business are advances behind the scenes at SCC that provide the underpinnings for much of Staples’ future expansion. For example,
Expanding into new markets and opening new stores is crucial, but
our stores must deliver results. That’s why the criterion that guides our growth is, and will contin- ue to be, that each new store generates a return that equals or exceeds our cost of capital within three years of its opening. In 1999, our new stores were on track to meet that expectation. Furthermore, our return on net assets grew to 13.2% this year.
3
1,000
19,369

 we continue to convert our distribution centers to multi-channel facilities that fill our catalog, contract, and Internet orders faster and more cost-effectively, driving down our delivery costs. The savings in effort and in dollars make us more competitive. As our network of distribution centers continues to grow, it allows us to offer our customers the convenience of overnight delivery to more than 85% of the U.S.
Along with our store associates, the people in our delivery business provide the exceptional customer service that makes or breaks our business. From order taking to order fulfillment, our associates and our infrastructure are crucial to building the relationships that define Staples. Together they provide the service and satisfaction that build customer loyalty. Our people and our processes give us a distinct competitive advantage as we seize our newest opportunity — not in expanding to a place but in revolutionizing a new space.
New Space
Aggressive pursuit of Internet leadership is something we must do to protect and expand the brand in which we and our stakeholders have invested so heavily. Forrester Research estimates that by 2003, as much as 17 percent of all business-to-business (B2B) purchasing will be conducted online and that B2B e-commerce will total $2.7 trillion. Our goal is to seize the lion’s share of this large and growing market.
In 1999, we redoubled our focus on the e-commerce opportunity, and began to see results right away. Our three e-commerce sites, Staples.com, StaplesLink.com, and Quill.com, rang up $94 mil- lion in combined revenues in 1999, which makes the Staples.com group already one of the largest competitors in the B2B space. Our e-commerce team has an ambitious challenge to answer: $1 billion or more in revenues and 1 million customers by 2003. We are confident of success. Staples.com has the management team, the existing infrastructure of our Retail and Delivery business, and the powerful brand needed to win in this burgeoning new economy.
 NUMBER OF STAPLES ASSOCIATES (in thousands)
This was an excellent start, but we needed one more important piece to solve the e-commerce puzzle. We needed to find a way to balance the need to attract the right people and make the necessary investments to help us grow this new business, while providing each group of stake- holders with the metrics and performance they care about. So Staples revolutionized retail’s approach to business online by issuing a first-in-the-industry tracking stock which provides several powerful advantages. First, it allows us to attract and retain talent by offering stock options in an Internet start-up. Second, the stock can be used as currency as we make investments in, or partner with, other e-commerce businesses. Third, and most importantly, the tracking stock structure allows us to report the separate metrics that will define the success of
      95 96 97 98 99
4
22 25
32
43
50

 our e-business while allowing our Retail and Delivery stakeholders to continue to receive the consistent growth and returns that they have come to expect.
Our Customers
Our commitment to e-commerce is just the latest example of our
dedication to our customers. Indeed, no review of our business would
be complete or meaningful if we didn’t talk about them. Our revolu-
tion is only relevant if it achieves our ultimate goal of slashing the cost
and hassle of running our customers’ offices. The best feedback we receive on our performance comes directly from our customers, and not just in terms of raw sales figures. In June 1999, in an annual survey conducted by Cicco and Associates, Staples was ranked second behind American Express as being especially responsive to the needs of small business. That’s up from 8th place in 1996 and ahead of companies like Office Depot, OfficeMax, Dell Computer, and AT&T, all of which are recognized for quality customer service.
In the July 1999 issue of Your Company magazine, the readers rated Staples and Quill among the top 6 suppliers to small business. Staples ranked third, ahead of all other office products suppliers.
We are working hard to solidify our relationship with our customers by giving them more reasons to look to Staples as the source for solutions to their ever evolving business needs. We’re gratified they have noticed and are rewarding our efforts.
What follows are details of Staples’ innovation in action. As you will learn, our revolutionary thinking continues to transform the way business does business. But to continue to set the pace and to lead change we need to always look for ways to advance our revolution. Staples is no longer just an office products superstore. It is becoming a Small Business Solutions Center. We are not solely purveyors of goods; we are becoming partners with our customers, providing them three ways — stores, catalog, and online — to shop for the goods and services they need to compete, to grow and to succeed in the new millennium.
STAPLES RANKING IN CICCO SURVEY
1999 #2 1998 #3 1997 #6 1996 #8
      Thomas G. Stemberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer May 1, 2000
Ronald L. Sargent
President and Chief Operating Officer
5
