more HAPPEN
Fellow Shareholders, In 2013, the Staples® team made solid progress reinventing our company. Our top priorities for the year were to accelerate growth online, expand our assortment in categories beyond office supplies, build scale and credibility in adjacent categories in our commercial business, and drive sustainable growth in our copy and print business. We also developed aggressive plans to reduce costs across each of our businesses to fund our growth priorities and to improve retail store productivity by eliminating square footage through store closures, downsizes and relocations. We achieved most of our goals last year. We added new eCommerce leadership and launched the biggest refresh to staples.com® since 2005. We made our Web site faster and easier to navigate. We increased customer engagement and personalization with the acquisition of Runa. We opened a new software development center in Seattle, and we launched mobile- and tablet-optimized sites to further improve the customer experience in this rapidly growing part of our business. As a result of our investments in staples.com, we accelerated sales growth from 4 percent during the first three quarters of the year to over 10 percent during the fourth quarter of 2013. Our growth online has also been supported by our expanded assortment of products. We started the year with 100,000 products at staples.com and many of these were office supplies. At the end of 2013, we had over 500,000 products online and we're just getting started. Today, more than 80 percent of our sales at staples.com are to business customers, and we're becoming more relevant as we continue to add new products in categories beyond office supplies. During 2013, we added thousands of products in areas like business technology, furniture, facilities supplies and safety supplies. We also launched a wide assortment of products to serve industry verticals like restaurants and retail stores. To increase awareness that Staples has every product businesses need to succeed, we relaunched our brand late in the year. Our "Make More Happen" campaign shows how Staples can help customers run their business, and early feedback has been very positive. At the end of 2013, the expanded assortment on our Web sites in North America was driving $5 million of incremental sales per week. The reinvention of our $7 billion Contract business in North America is also right on track. A few years ago, we expanded our assortment and invested in sharper pricing and associate training to accelerate growth in facilities and breakroom supplies. In 2013, we drove strong double-digit growth in this category for the third consecutive year. Today, Staples generates nearly $2 billion of global sales from facilities and breakroom supplies with about half of that coming from our North American Commercial business. Our success driving sustained growth and gaining market share gives us great confidence that we can build scale and credibility in many other categories beyond office supplies. To support this initiative, we developed a new selling approach and added more than 200 specialists to drive growth in adjacent categories in 2013. In addition to facilities and breakroom supplies, we're focused on building momentum in categories like furniture, technology, print and promotional products. While we're still in the early innings of this initiative, we're gaining traction, and our new team-based selling model has received very positive customer feedback. Copy and print sales in North American stores and online were up in the mid single-digits in 2013. We continue to drive growth online, in our retail stores and with our outside sales force as we meet the evolving needs of business customers. Many small- and medium-sized businesses spend more on copy and print than on office supplies, and Staples is best positioned to meet the needs of these customers. We have an unmatched omni-channel capability, and we've combined our retail and mid-market contract sales force to aggressively pursue this opportunity. Our lead generation is better. We're driving incremental traffic to our stores. And we're better leveraging our online capabilities to accelerate growth in this high-margin business. Throughout 2013, we made good progress on our efforts to reduce expenses and improve the productivity of our existing businesses. At the beginning of the year, we committed to driving $150 million in gross savings in North

MAKE

America. We surpassed this goal and achieved over $200 million of cost reductions for the year. We reduced product costs, streamlined our retail and contract organizations, reduced overhead, eliminated non-product-related expenses, and outsourced lower-complexity tasks. In Europe, we took aggressive action to right-size our cost structure throughout 2013. While sales trends remained tough, these actions showed up on the bottom line, and we generated a profit in Europe for the full year. We reduced head count and non-product-related costs, consolidated operations, and streamlined our pan-European assortment. Over the past year, we've learned valuable lessons and built a stronger foundation to accelerate growth. While I'm pleased that we achieved many of the goals we set out to accomplish in 2013, we came up short in some key areas and our financial results came in below our expectations for the year. We're holding ourselves accountable, and as we enter 2014 we're addressing our biggest challenges head on. The performance of our retail stores has consistently fallen short of our plan over the past few years, and we continue to see customer demand shifting online. As a result, we are taking more aggressive action to right-size our footprint and create a more nimble organization that is better positioned to rapidly respond to the changing needs of our customers. Over the next two years, we plan to close up to 225 stores in North America. While we don't take this decision lightly, we know it is the right thing to do for the long-term health of our business as we become more efficient and increase our focus online. Our stores are an important differentiator versus the competition, and we remain intensely focused on improving productivity. Based on very strong early results, we're accelerating store relocations and downsizes to our new 12,000-square-foot format, and remerchandising all of our stores in the United States by adding over 1,000 products in categories beyond office supplies. Over time, we'll have fewer stores, our retail format will be smaller and more productive, we'll continue to increase the mix of services, and our assortment will be more relevant to our customers. During 2013, we also underestimated the rate of sales decline in core office supply categories. As a result, we're developing a multi-year global plan that focuses on aggressively reducing costs and changing the way we do business. We expect to eliminate approximately $500 million

of annualized costs over the next two years, with about $250 million coming in 2014. Our biggest opportunities this year are related to supply chain, retail store closures and labor optimization, non-product-related costs, IT hardware and services, as well as marketing. We're also kicking off projects to drive savings across our contract sales force and customer service organizations, which will be key contributors to our cost reduction in 2015. In addition to our plans to improve store productivity and aggressively reduce costs, we plan to build on many of our early reinvention successes in 2014. We'll drive customer acquisition and retention by further improving our desktop and mobile Web sites. We plan to triple our assortment to more than 1.5 million products at staples.com. We'll introduce new omni-channel capabilities. We expect to accelerate growth in the commercial business in categories beyond office supplies. And in Europe and Australia, we'll remain focused on driving profit improvement and further stabilizing top-line trends. In closing, I would like to thank our customers, suppliers and other stakeholders for their continued support and trust in Staples. I'd also like to thank our Board of Directors for its leadership. Arthur Blank recently left our board after 12 years of outstanding service, and Liz Smith will not stand for re-election to our Board after providing valued guidance for the past five years. I'd like to recognize both Arthur and Liz for their dedication to our company. Finally, I'd like to thank our associates for all of their hard work and commitment. 2013 turned out to be a more difficult year than we expected, but I believe that we are on the right path to reposition Staples as the product destination for businesses. In 2014, I look forward to building on our successes and overcoming our biggest challenges as we continue to reinvent Staples.

Ron Sargent Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer April 2014

