Fellow Shareholders:
In the 23 years since Staples opened its first store, our company has grown to become the world’s leading distributor of office products and services, with more than 2,200 stores and delivery operations in 27 countries. We take pride in our track record of great customer service, operational excellence, superior financial performance, and strong capital discipline. In 2008, these achievements positioned us to make a transformational acquisition: the purchase of Corporate Express, an $8 billion global delivery business.
While the Corporate Express acquisition made 2008 incredibly exciting - and increased our business opportunities around the world - the broad economic decline also made it our most challenging year on record. In both good times and bad, our job is to deliver the positive results that our shareholders expect. Although we were not satisfied with our absolute results, our relative performance has never been stronger.
Our team has been through tough times before and we know how to respond to challenges. In 2001, when we last experienced a prolonged economic decline, we were not yet the leader in our sector. Back then, we took a hard look at our business and refocused our strategy to drive growth, improve profitability, enhance customer service, and drive cash flow. As a result, Staples emerged from that period as the clear leader.
Today, we’re seeing similarities to the previous downturns we’ve experienced. The weakening demand from our home office and small business customers accelerated throughout 2008, and impacted the performance of our stores. Our delivery business continued to grow at a modest rate during the first half of the year, but the weak trends eventually caught up to our medium-sized and Fortune 1000 customers as well. Throughout the year, all of our customers increased their focus on value, and significantly reduced their spending on furniture and technology products.
As in prior recessions, we’re not standing still and waiting for the environment to get better. We’re working on the things we can control, and got a lot done during 2008. We acquired Corporate Express, expanding our product and service offering in both existing and new markets, while adding new talent from their team. We are very pleased with our efforts to combine the businesses and remain on track to achieve our goal of $300 million in annual savings. During 2008, we also generated record free cash flow of more than $1.3 billion, achieved the highest customer service metrics in our history, effectively managed inventory levels, and improved the efficiency of our supply chain. We also continued investing in new growth ideas, entered six new U.S. markets with retail operations, and opened more than 100 stores in North America.
While we accomplished many of our goals in 2008, we also had to make some tough decisions in response to the current environment. We reduced headcount, aggressively managed expenses in our stores and warehouses, froze salaries for senior management, and did not pay out bonuses to our corporate staff. Decisions like these are never easy to make, especially during a year when our team worked so hard. I am very proud of our associates for their understanding of the choices we’ve made, and their ability to stay motivated and optimistic about our future as we work through these difficult times.

Looking ahead, we expect the environment to remain challenging throughout 2009. We’re planning accordingly and applying the lessons we’ve learned in previous downturns, while staying focused on our vision of being the world’s best office products company. We’ll work hard to integrate Corporate Express as we focus on building one global Staples brand. We’ll maximize cash flow by carefully managing our business for the long term and reducing capital expenditures. We’ll expand our own brand assortment to help drive our value message. We’ll continue to provide customers with industry leading service. We’ll drive productivity in our stores by doing a better job selling technology and services, and improving the quality of our copy and print offering. We’ll continue to strengthen our team in Europe to drive growth and profit improvement, and work to build a strong foundation for success in our businesses in China, India and South America.
Despite the tough economy we’ll certainly face in 2009, I have never been more confident about the future of our company and our ability to take advantage of the opportunities ahead. To accomplish our goals, we’ll rely on our most valuable asset: our people. I’d like to thank our 91,000 dedicated associates around the globe for continuing to make it easy for our customers and staying focused during a very difficult year. I’d also like to recognize our Board of Directors for their leadership, and welcome Liz Smith to our board. Liz, president of Avon Products, Inc., brings a wealth of global business expertise, consumer products knowledge and operating experience. I would also like to thank our customers, suppliers, and stakeholders for their continued support.
Ron Sargent
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer April 16, 2009
   