Fellow Shareholders:
Staples achieved solid financial results in 2007, making progress on key objectives, investing for growth and providing our customers with great service. We reached an important milestone with the opening of our 2000th store, and expanded our global footprint by entering India. Staples ended the year serving customers and businesses in 22 countries throughout North and South America, Europe, and Asia.
During 2007, after adjusting for the 53rd week in 2006 and one time items, Staples drove sales growth of 9% to $19.4 billion and increased earnings per share by 15% to $1.42. We generated record free cash flow of more than $890 million, after investing $470 million in capital, and returned cash to our shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase program. During 2007, we bought back about 32 million shares of Staples stock for $750 million, and we recently announced a $0.33 per share annual cash dividend for 2008, a 14% increase compared to the $0.29 per share dividend we paid in 2007.
Although the retail environment in North America was weaker than we anticipated, the North American Retail team did a good job controlling expenses to maintain strong margins despite negative comps. We drove industry leading performance in our North American Delivery business, and strengthened our foundation for long term profitable growth in our International business.
While the weakness in the U.S. economy has presented us with challenges, we continue to press our advantage relying on our strengths: great people, a solid balance sheet, and sound strategies. We have taken this opportunity to work on the things that we can control, while remaining focused on our customers, and the strong pipeline of ideas that will drive future growth in each of our three business units.
North American Retail
Our North American Retail business is the largest and most profitable in our industry, and represented 52% of our sales and 54% of our business unit income for 2007. Excluding the 53rd week in 2006, sales grew 3% to $10.0 billion in 2007, and operating income rate remained strong at 9.5%.
Our real estate strategy continues to be a competitive advantage. We opened 120 stores in 2007, ending the year with 1,738 stores in North America. After successfully entering Chicago in 2005 and South Florida in 2006, Staples entered the Denver market in 2007. At the end of the year we operated 12 stores in Denver, and we are excited about our early success in this market. In 2008 we plan to open approximately 100 new stores in North America. While almost half of our stores feature the easy-to-shop “Dover” format, we will open new stores with formats that are tailored to the unique characteristics of each location. In addition to our 20,000 square foot prototypical “Dover” superstore, we also have a 14,600 square foot format designed for rural markets, and a 10,000 square foot format suited for dense, urban markets.
Our newest store format is a 4,000 square foot stand alone Copy & Print Shop, which provides us with the opportunity to enter high-traffic areas while addressing the fragmented quick-print market opportunity. At the end of 2007 we had three of these stores open in the Boston area and three in Manhattan, in addition to the four we operate in Canada. While these stores are still in the testing phase, we are encouraged by initial results, and plan to open several more during 2008.
Our vision to be the world’s best office products company is built on the ability to differentiate ourselves and execute better than the competition. During 2007 we launched a number of new merchandising initiatives to enhance our product and service offering, while remaining focused on consistent execution. Successful initiatives include our relationship with Dell, making Staples the exclusive supplier of Dell products in the office superstore channel, “Business Cards in Minutes”, which made Staples the first national retailer to offer a way to get business cards within minutes of being designed, as well as “Security by Staples”, a cross category initiative to help customers protect themselves from increasing information security threats. We also saw rapid growth in our high margin in-store copy and print business and EasyTech service, which makes it easy for customers to get support with their hardware and software installation, data protection, security and other technology needs.
We continue to differentiate our stores with own brand products. Our own brand offering includes Staples, Quill, and other proprietary branded products which represented approximately 22% of our total sales in 2007. Our strategy for own brand focuses on offering national brand quality at lower prices, and we have brought to market hundreds of innovative and exclusive products. Examples of successful own brand expansion during 2007

include “M by Staples”, a high quality brand extension that offers products aimed at customers who want distinctive value, the “Better Binder”, a uniquely durable binder, which significantly improved sales in the binder category, as well as continued innovation in our shredder category.
2007 was a challenging year for North American Retail. In light of the tough macroeconomic environment we remained focused on making it easy for our customers. We will continue to focus on customer service and consistent execution as we invest in new growth ideas to gain market share and differentiate our offering.
North American Delivery
Our North American Delivery business continued its strong performance in 2007 and represented 34% of our sales and 40% of our business unit income during the year. Excluding the 53rd week in 2006, sales grew 14% to $6.6 billion and operating income rate expanded to 10.8%. We remain one of the largest internet retailers in the world, recording $5.0 billion of our North American Delivery sales online.
Our strategy in North American Delivery focuses on acquiring new customers, retaining our existing customers, and increasing our “share of wallet”. Each of our three delivery businesses, Contract, Quill, and Staples Business Delivery, drove record sales and strong profits in 2007.
Investing in sales force productivity and enhanced web offerings once again helped us to continue attracting new customers. We take pride in the differentiated sales model that we use in our Contract business. This model involves separating the business acquisition process from the relationship management and category expansion process. We created this approach to acquiring new customers many years ago, and continue to refine it, driving industry leading profitability in both Fortune 1000 and mid-market customers.
Customer retention requires great service, and in 2007 we opened new fulfillment centers in Denver and Nova Scotia to support rapid growth while improving our service metrics in our North American Delivery businesses. J.D. Power and Associates recognized our commitment to customers by certifying all three of our delivery businesses for outstanding customer service.
Increasing our “share of wallet” by selling new products to existing customers has been another key driver of our success in North American Delivery. Responding to customer demand, we expanded into product categories like cleaning and break room supplies, mail and ship supplies, copy and print and technology services driving both the top- and bottom-line in 2007. Additionally, our acquisition of American Identity provided our delivery business with the ability to bring greater value to our customers by offering promotional products.
As we enter 2008, we are confident in our ability to sustain solid growth and drive service improvements in North American Delivery.
International Operations
We are very encouraged by the strong performance our International business delivered in 2007. This segment includes 300 stores as well as catalog and internet operations in 20 countries throughout Europe, Asia and South America. Our International operations represent 14% of our sales and 6% of our business unit income, and we continue to build a strong foundation for growth and profit improvement. Excluding the 53rd week in 2006, International sales grew 18% to $2.7 billion and operating income rate expanded to 3.6%. Our continued efforts to build a sustainable, high margin global business are paying off, and we are confident in the prospects for growth in our International business over the next several years.
Our European Retail business is a key driver of the recent success we have seen in our International business. In 2007 we drove positive same store sales and significant operating margin improvement by focusing on store execution, improved advertising and direct mail campaigns, better buying, increasing own brand penetration and improving the efficiency of our distribution operations.
The strong performance of our European Catalog business also contributed to the success of our International business. Similar to European Retail, our investments in distribution and supply chain in European Catalog are paying off. Our continued focus on execution increased customer satisfaction, improved the perfect order metric, and drove higher web penetration during 2007.

We are also making great progress in our international businesses outside of Europe, and were particularly pleased with developments in China and India during 2007.
China continued its strong top-line growth, doubling sales in 2007 to more than $200 million. While the majority of growth was driven by the delivery business in Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen, we expanded our retail presence with the acquisition of Pei Pei, the largest office products retailer in the Jiangsu province, and also opened the first two Staples UPS Express stores which combine office supplies and document processing services from Staples with packaging and international shipping services from UPS. Staples ended the year with 32 stores in China.
We also announced a joint venture with Future Group, establishing a platform for Staples to enter the $10 billion office products market in India. In addition to providing delivery services, we licensed our brand to Pantaloon Retail which operates retail stores in India.
We are pleased with the improvements achieved in our International segment during the year, and remain focused on margin improvement in Europe and rapid growth in Asia and South America.
I am proud of our team for delivering solid results while operating in a tough environment. The ability to offset unexpected challenges, while growing the top-line and expanding margins, reflects the strength of Staples’ portfolio of businesses.
Our business remains fundamentally strong and we are improving our offering in North American Retail, continuing to grow our business in North American Delivery and building a foundation for long term growth in International. We are driving profitable sales growth across each of our business units, while investing in projects and people to continue enhancing the customer experience.
In addition to the strong operational performance, I am also proud of our commitment to corporate responsibility. Staples Soul has become part of our culture and recognizes the close connection between our financial success and the desire to make a positive impact on our associates, our customers, our communities, our shareholders and the planet by building awareness of diversity, the environment, community, and ethics. To learn more about Staples Soul, I encourage you to explore our latest Corporate Social Responsibility report which is highlighted in this annual report and is available on our website.
Staples EcoEasy also reflects our commitment to corporate responsibility. This new initiative is designed to highlight how we are making it easy for our customers to make a difference for the environment. With more than 3,000 eco-friendly products in stores and online, our successful ink recycling program, and our recently announced technology recycling program, we are making rapid progress with this initiative.
Turning to Staples leadership, I would like to thank Gary Crittenden for his many contributions as a member of Staples’ Board of Directors during the last three years. Gary’s financial expertise and knowledge of the retail industry added great value during his tenure. I would also like to welcome three new members of our Board of Directors. Justin King, chief executive of J Sainsbury plc, a leading UK food retailer, brings a wealth of retail industry knowledge and international experience. Robert Sulentic, group president at CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc., a global leader in real estate services, adds superior business acumen and commercial real estate knowledge. Carol Meyrowitz, president and chief executive officer at The TJX Companies, Inc., the leading off-price retailer of apparel and home fashions in the U.S. and worldwide, contributes merchandising expertise as well as a strong background in product sourcing.
Most importantly, I’d like to thank our 76,000 dedicated associates around the globe for delivering solid results during a challenging year. Our team remains focused on execution, customer service and improving profitability, moving toward our vision to be the world’s best office products company. I would also like to thank our customers, suppliers, and shareholders for their continued support.
Ron Sargent
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer April 17, 2008
 