Letter To Shareholders:
Thanks to the efforts of our associates, 2003 was Staples’ best year ever, maintaining our position as the largest office products company in the world. Building on the successful strategies we implemented in 2002 and driving continued momentum in each of our businesses, we delivered record sales, profits and returns in 2003. Sales grew 14% to $13.2 billion, benefiting from a robust 4% comparable store sales increase in our North American Retail business. Our operating margin reached an all time high of 6.8%, and earnings per share after adjustments1 rose 27% to $1.12 from $0.88 in 2002. Cash flow exceeded our expectations, and we ended the year with a very strong balance sheet anchored by $1.4 billion in cash and short term investments. Recognizing this strong performance, BusinessWeek magazine ranked Staples #39 in its 2004 list of the 50 best-performing companies in the S&P 500.
Since Staples founded the office superstore industry in 1986, investors have known us as a growth company. Over the past two years, we have become much more than just a good growth story. We’ve consistently improved our operating results through an intense focus on execution, we’ve demonstrated strong capital discipline while investing appropriately in our growing business, and we’ve managed our working capital much better. As a result, we’ve begun to generate substantial surplus cash flows, and expect this to continue. We’re now at a stage where we’re able not only to continue to fund attractive growth, but also to return cash to shareholders. In March of 2004, we announced the initiation of an annual cash dividend payable in May 2004 and a stock repurchase program for up to one billion dollars to be implemented in 2004 and 2005.
How did we transform our business so dramatically? Over the past few years, we’ve developed and executed a differentiated business model, combining three key strategic changes. First, we increased our focus on small business and home office customers, achieved through changes in our merchandising, marketing, and customer service.
Second, we began to deliver on our new brand promise, “We make buying office products easy.” Our extensive customer research told us that price and broad selection are important, but not as important as providing an easy shopping experience that saves time and hassle. A key component of our easy brand promise is offering Staples brand products, a meaningful driver of sales and margin improvement in 2003. Staples brand products represented 13% of total company sales at year-end, and we plan to increase that percentage, while improving the quality of the products we offer and focusing on innovation.
1 For a reconciliation of these adjusted earnings per share amounts to earnings per share calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, please refer to footnotes 1 and 2 in the table on the preceding page.
 
Third, we implemented our business improvement plan, a comprehensive set of initiatives designed to drive profitable sales, boost operating margins and improve asset utilization. More than two years after launching this program, the improvement plan has become part of Staples’ DNA. As projects are completed, new ones are added to the list — currently about 30 initiatives are underway — with the ultimate goal of driving return on net assets and differentiating our company.
The excellent results we achieved in 2003 in each of our three businesses prove that executing these three integrated strategies is having a positive impact on our performance:
North American Retail:
North American Retail achieved excellent results in 2003, growing sales 9% compared to 2002 to $7.8 billion. Operating income increased 27% to reach a 6.7% operating margin. We’ve invested heavily in keeping our strong network of 1,358 stores fresh and appealing for our customers. Since we first launched the differentiated “Dover” store model in 2001, we have implemented it in 180 new stores and 163 remodels. Through 450 mini-remodels completed during 2003, we captured many of the benefits of the improved format with a lower capital investment. To adapt our offering to different market opportunities, we also developed an exciting smaller store format, creating an opportunity to add hundreds of stores in smaller markets. We ended 2003 with seven of these stores open, and expect to add 15 more in 2004. We see ample opportunity to continue opening a variety of retail formats in both new and existing markets, and are heartened by the strong new store productivity we’ve achieved over the last two years.
We’ve identified expanding our high margin copy and print business as an important growth platform. To go after this significant market opportunity, we’ve redesigned our copy centers to make them more convenient for customers as well as visually set them apart from the rest of the store. We also revamped associate training and improved quality standards throughout the chain.
We believe great customer service will differentiate Staples and we’ve rolled out a series of initiatives designed to make buying office products easy. As a result of these efforts to improve the shopping experience, our customer service metrics reached all time highs in 2003.
With plenty of opportunity remaining to further differentiate our store experience, North American Retail is poised for continued strong top and bottom line performance.
North American Delivery:
Our North American Delivery business, with Staples Business Delivery, Quill and Contract each serving a distinct customer segment, remains our fastest growing, most

profitable, and highest return business. Leading the industry in growth and profitability, 2003 sales grew 10% compared to 2002 to $3.7 billion, while operating profit increased 16% to 8.2% of sales. All three business units grew sales through successful customer acquisition strategies and improved service, which in turn drove higher customer retention rates.
Our easy brand promise plays a key role in Delivery, where we’ve made important changes to differentiate the customer experience. We’ve made it easier to shop and buy through improved catalogs and websites, and we’re driving better customer service as demonstrated by increases in our perfect order metric scores. We’re also making progress improving our supply chain to better serve customers.
Growing sales of Staples own brand products is also a big opportunity in our Delivery business. Quill provides us with a useful benchmark, with almost a third of its sales coming from Quill brand products. In 2003, we invested in our sales force, in marketing, and in customer service to accelerate our top line growth and drive margin expansion, and are confident that our North American Delivery business is well positioned to continue to grow and to drive market share gains and profit improvement.
Europe:
Europe, where we now operate more than 200 stores in five countries and a dynamic delivery business in seven countries, is an increasingly important part of both our growth and margin improvement story, representing 12% of total company sales and 7% of our operating profit in 2003. We’ve exported our “Back to Brighton” strategies to Europe to drive profitable sales and improve operating margins, and began to see the results in 2003. Sales in our European operations increased 54% compared to 2002 to $1.6 billion, and operating income rose to $64 million, or 4% of sales, a dramatic improvement. All businesses were profitable for the year, including German retail, where the team’s successful turnaround plan led to profitability for the first time ever. Our European catalog business also improved its profitability. We’re very satisfied
with our progress in Europe. Our market position today is strong, and we’re encouraged by both the sustainable growth prospects and the profit improvement opportunities before us.
Over the course of 2003, we also made solid advances in terms of our commitment to good corporate citizenship. While we’ve worked hard throughout our company’s history to set an example for social responsibility, this year marks the first time we have included a section in this Annual Report to focus on our achievements in the areas of corporate governance, environmental stewardship, making Staples a great place to work, and community outreach. We’ve made real progress in our journey to better serve the many stakeholders that drive our success. This progress was recently recognized when Business Ethics magazine named

Staples #47 on their list of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens of 2004, a significant improvement from our 2003 showing at #87 on the list.
We’re proud of what we achieved in 2003, but today we’re focused on what will differentiate us going forward. Staples’ five primary objectives for 2004 build upon the strategic foundation that drove our success in 2002 and 2003. Our team has pledged to:
• Deliver on our Easy brand promise to create a differentiated customer experience by making buying office products easy;
• Drive supply chain performance by improving merchandising, distribution and fulfillment center management;
• Take Staples brand product development to the next level, with greater differentiation, better quality and innovative packaging;
• Drive return on net assets through our continued focus on profitable sales, margin improvement and asset utilization; and
• Develop new growth opportunities and cultivate innovation throughout our company.
Our achievements in 2003 and our high expectations for continued strong performance in the years ahead would be impossible without the dedication of our 60,000 loyal associates. I commend them for their tireless efforts to bring Staples to where we are today and for their commitment to achieving our plans in 2004 and beyond. Our people remain the key to our success, with an incredible focus on executing the basics, on making it easy for our customers, and on driving sustainable improvement in all of our businesses. This team’s energy and excitement about Staples’ future is truly inspiring. I would also like to thank our customers, our vendor partners, and our shareholders for their continued trust and support.
Ron Sargent
President and Chief Executive Officer
 