   Craig C. Sturken Executive Chairman
Dennis Eidson, President and
Chief Executive Officer
LETTER TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
Market and Performance Overview
We have been working in the grocery industry for more than 35 years and have not witnessed a more disruptive economic period during our industry careers. The past two years have been characterized by great economic uncertainty, high and sustained unemployment, a depressed housing market, restricted credit conditions for both businesses and consumers, and very cautious consumers who have swiftly adopted value as a top priority in their purchasing decisions. In addition, during the past year, we experienced significant product price deflation, a rare and infrequent occurrence in the grocery industry.
Despite these challenges and those related more specifically to the Michigan economy, our businesses continued to produce historically high levels of operating profits
and cash flow, albeit lower than last year’s record financial performance. These relatively high financial performance levels are a true testament to the highly skilled talents and execution capabilities of our management team and associates. During fiscal 2010, our retail and distribution businesses generated a combined operating profit of $59 million, the third highest level in the past eight years, and, for only the second time in our public company history, we generated over $100 million in Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (Adjusted EBITDA). These financial measures are just a few of the many ways that we gauge our business success. We are very proud of these performance achievements, particularly in the context of such a turbulent economic cycle.
Competitive Landscape
The prevailing economic climate has provoked vigorous competitive responses, as we witnessed a significant increase in supercenter retail grocery square footage in our markets this year. In addition, the number of retail channels selling grocery products continued to expand, and we confronted temporary, sometimes irrational and unsustainable retail pricing strategies. The current competitive trends are forcing industry participants to become much more efficient operators and, although we have made progress in this area, we firmly believe that there is more room to improve our overall operational efficiency.
Rising to meet the challenges of an intensely competitive market is not new to us. In fact, the state of Michigan ranks among the nation’s most saturated supercenter markets. During fiscal 2005 and 2006, we experienced one of the most rapid periods of supercenter expansions in our company’s history as nine new supercenters opened in our markets during that period. Despite the supercenter expansion, operating profits continued to improve. While competition is a fact of business, we expect the pace of this activity to diminish significantly in fiscal 2011.
Business Strategy
We operate two business segments - retail and distribution – and employ a hybrid business model that seeks to capitalize on the best growth opportunities that are available in each segment.
During the “great recession” that began in December 2007, we continued to execute our core consumer centric business strategy and capital investment program. Since the beginning of fiscal 2008, we have invested almost $150 million in our physical facilities and technology systems. Today, our store base is in excellent physical condition, our distribution operation utilizes some of the latest technology and is highly efficient, and we operate a modern fleet of trucks. We are the largest grocery distributor in Michigan, our retail stores hold the number one or two market share position among conventional operators in our core markets, and we remain a strong market competitor.
Our business strategy during the recession has been focused on striking an appropriate balance between investing in growth initiatives while improving operating efficiency and lowering our cost structure in areas that will not jeopardize the success of our consumer-centric business strategy. We also believe in maintaining a healthy balance sheet so that we can capitalize on acquisition opportunities as they become available. As of March 27, 2010, our total debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.8 to 1 and we have $131 million of borrowing capacity available under our existing credit facility.

We understood the notion of bringing consumers good value many years ago and long before the economic recession ushered in a new era of focusing on consumer value. Beginning in fiscal 2004, we embarked on a strategic plan to significantly improve our private brand product offerings. Today, our private brand penetration rate is at record levels and among the most widely recognized and trusted brands in the marketplace. Consumer acceptance of our brands is exemplified by our unit sales penetration rate that outpaces the national average. This fiscal year, we introduced more than 300 new private brand products, including many products in the fresh food categories. We have a significant opportunity to improve our brands’ penetration rate in the fresh food categories and plan to launch up to 70 new items in these important product categories during fiscal 2011. We believe that our private brand portfolio provides us with a distinct and sustainable competitive advantage in the marketplace for both our retail and distribution business segments.
Business Segments
Distribution
We are proud of the consistent performance of our distribution operation. Our distribution business enjoys a very loyal customer base with one of the industry’s lowest attrition rates. On average, 8 of our 10 largest independent store operators have been customers for more than 43 years, and they are among the best and most savvy store operators in their respective markets. We attribute our distribution success to a strong and seasoned customer base, an outstanding suite
of value added services, sought-after private brand products, and strong relationships that have been built through a business philosophy of open communications and information sharing that is rare in today’s competitive environment.
Growth in our distribution segment has come through the addition of new accounts and increased sales penetration with existing customers. We believe that supporting and aligning our interests with our distribution customers is the best path to success. As such, we constantly strive to use our technology, retail sales data collection and analysis, market insight, and retail marketing and merchandising strategies to help our independent operators succeed. The heightened level of market competition has raised the value of our distribution support services, as independent store owners seek ways to gain a competitive edge and improve their operational efficiency. We offer a comprehensive array of value added support services that help our customers operate more efficiently and effectively. Our services include advertising design and printing, marketing, retail information technology, real estate and store development, payroll, tax and accounting services, and human resources support. We also provide customers with market visibility, data analysis, and execution strategy, and work diligently to facilitate a rich exchange of ideas through events such as our Model Stores, Fresh Experience trade show, and customer advisory committees.
The most significant development in our distribution business this year was the consolidation of the Plymouth, Michigan satellite warehouse into our Grand Rapids facility. This initiative was the result of an extensive two-year study of our distribution operations and coincides with the completion of our Grand Rapids distribution center re-racking project last year. Our Grand Rapids facility now has additional capacity and better space utilization and is better organized to improve the speed, flow, and efficiency of product movement. We expect the consolidation project to produce a higher inventory turnover rate, and improve through-put and capacity utilization, as well as improve service levels to our customers, while lowering annual pre-tax operating costs by approximately $3.4 million. This project will help ensure that we remain a leading low cost and efficient distributor for many years to come.
Our future distribution growth will stem from the addition of new accounts and higher sales penetration with existing customers, but we will also look for opportunities to take advantage of industry consolidation in contiguous states through acquisitions. Expansion into contiguous states provides the opportunity to apply our successful hybrid retail and distribution business model to other markets. We firmly believe that the attributes of our distribution services will also resonate with prospective customers in neighboring states.
Retail
We have achieved considerable success in our retail segment since fiscal 2004. Our fundamental strategy has been to be
a consumer-centric driven organization. Retail sales growth has come primarily through acquisitions, supplemented by organic growth resulting from major remodel and relocation projects. Implementing more effective category management practices and marketing and merchandising efforts have also contributed to our retail sales and profit growth.
We completed the acquisition of VG’s Food and Pharmacy late in fiscal 2009’s third quarter and the stores have now been integrated into our operations. These stores are well managed, are in excellent physical condition, and represent a strong retail market brand that provides a good platform for future geographic expansion. Although the economic and competitive conditions in the southeastern Michigan market have affected the near-term performance of these stores, we remain confident in their long-term potential.

Since fiscal 2007, we have completed three retail acquisitions consisting of 53 total stores. All have been successfully integrated with common systems and operating platforms. The acquisitions were either existing or former distribution customers, which provided us with strong insight about their markets and operations. This knowledge helps to ensure a smooth operational transition and integration and gives us a keen understanding of the available growth opportunities. Future acquisitions are likely to follow this pattern because our distribution operation serves approximately 360 independent retail stores, and we are a logical option for customers that may want to exit the market.
Investing selectively in retail growth opportunities continues to be an important element of our business strategy. This fiscal year, we remodeled five retail stores, closed or sold four stores, re-bannered one store, and built two new stores as part of our store relocation/consolidation program. Fuel centers are another area where we have been investing. We believe fuel provides us another vehicle to provide value to our customers and, in fiscal 2005, we began that business initiative with a single Quick Stop Fuel and Convenience center and today, we operate 24 locations. These fuel centers have been a key component of our retail business and will remain an important element of our strategy going forward.
Among some of our more important retail initiatives this year was the introduction of a loyalty card program, a program to continuously monitor customer satisfaction, a nutritional guide program to address the increasing desire of the consumer to lead a healthier life style, and a continuous focus on delivering good consumer value and strengthening loyalty.
The loyalty card program was introduced at our Glen’s Markets retail stores late in the first quarter of fiscal 2010, but has significant potential throughout our entire retail store base. The program provides excellent visibility into customer purchasing preferences and allows us to better understand, and more precisely measure, the effects of specific marketing programs. We expect this program to make our marketing investments much more effective and efficient as we harness its full potential. At his time, nearly 85 percent of the purchases at our Glen’s stores are made by customers enrolled in our loyalty program.
We have also been working more aggressively to raise our consumer value proposition, which will better align our retail tactics with the prevailing market trends. Last year we significantly expanded our low-cost generic prescription drug programs and introduced a number of successful fuel promotions. In addition to the new private brand products introduced this year, we rolled out new product shelf tags that are color coded by major FDA categories in support of healthy living, studies of which have shown adds value to customers’ shopping experience. Most recently, we initiated a more aggressive merchandising and marketing campaign to improve the value proposition for our customers. The campaign includes a redesigned ad circular emphasizing deeper value on key items, as well as an in-store sign program that will more effectively highlight the daily values offered to our customers.
Growth opportunities in this segment will continue to be primarily through acquisitions in contiguous markets where our insight and understanding is the strongest and in providing a high quality, unique, and a more intimate shopping experience that is difficult for big box retailers to replicate.
Conclusion
Regardless of the economic cycles, we diligently evaluate and test every aspect of our business model to ensure that it remains effective and appropriately aligned with the evolving market trends and conditions while staying fundamentally grounded in our core consumer-centric business strategy. We are confident that Spartan Stores is well positioned to strengthen our market position, realize solid sales and profit growth, and improve cash flow as the economy begins to recover.
We and our Board of Directors extend our sincere thanks to all of our associates for their continued dedication and hard work, without which, our success would not have been possible. We also sincerely thank our shareholders, customers, and suppliers for their continued support.
Craig C. Sturken Dennis Eidson
Executive Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer
    