                 This is our 91st year operating in the grocery industry and 8th year as a public company. It has been a busy year marked by record financial results, continued business expansion, and achievement of significant milestones in the growth phase of our business strategy. We are proud of our ongoing success, ability to deliver consistent performance improvements, and being a formidable industry competitor.
We have achieved success by consistently satisfying consumer needs and developing strategies that are effective against strong competitive forces and the economic climate. Success has been a consequence of our understanding of the retail markets and consumer trends in areas where we operate, and having a clear understanding of what we do best. We have developed a keen instinct relative to market opportunities and we understand how to use our core strengths to make the most of available growth opportunities. Since we applied this understanding to our D&W Fresh Markets, sales this year have performed above our expectations, making substantial contributions to our overall sales growth. The insights gained while integrating, operating, and refining the D&W Fresh Markets’ consumer offerings will be used to expand this distinct retail store brand to other appropriate markets.
With these skills and understandings, we set out to improve our distribution operations and expand geographically, upgrade our retail store base, continue to expand our fuel center operations, and strengthen our market share. During the year, we successfully achieved each of these goals. We significantly expanded our distribution business in the state of Indiana, began a more aggressive retail store capital improvement program, including new store construction, and opened additional fuel centers. We also completed the acquisition of Felpausch Food Centers, which strengthened our western Michigan market share while providing expansion opportunities in central Michigan.
These achievements contributed to our ongoing record of profitable growth. Including the fiscal 2008 fourth quarter, year-over-year consolidated net sales have improved for eight consecutive quarters. Operating profit in the distribution segment has increased at a five-year compound annual rate of nearly 22 percent, and this year’s retail operating profit improved to $27 million compared to an operating loss
of $52 million five years ago. For fiscal 2008, we reported four consecutive quarters of double-digit operating earnings growth, extending our double-digit growth record to 13 of the past 15 quarters. We also finished the year with record high Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA), operating profits, and net earnings since becoming a public company. This performance clearly demonstrates the success of our hybrid business model and the market’s need for a value-added grocery distributor and savvy conventional supermarket operator.
Continued on Page 5...
2 SPARTAN STORES ANNUAL REPORT • Chairman’s Letter
  ROB BARTELS, President & CEO Martin’s Super Markets
“Since entering into an expanded distribution supply agreement with Spartan Stores in April 2007, Martin’s Super Markets has experienced continued market strength and positive customer feedback. Our move to Spartan Stores as our primary distributor was a natural progression in our continuing efforts to bring Martin’s shoppers the selection and savings they’ve come to expect from us.”

                 Chairman’s Letter • SPARTAN STORES ANNUAL REPORT 3
 Letter to our SHAREHOLDERS
This is our 91st year operating in the grocery industry and 8th year as a public company. It has been a busy year marked by record financial results, continued business expansion, and achievement
of significant milestones in the growth phase of our business strategy.
 
 Our distinct retail store banners reflect a segmentation strategy that serves our unique market demographics. Each retail store banner offers customers convenient locations, quality products and services, and a friendly, quick shopping experience.
                  4 SPARTAN STORES ANNUAL REPORT • Chairman’s Letter

                Continued from Page 2...
To reduce capital costs and improve financial flexibility, we completed the private placement of $110 million in senior convertible notes and amended our existing credit facility. These transactions, along with our strong operating cash flows, have allowed us to almost double our capital improvement program since fiscal 2005, yet, due to improving profitability, maintain a solid return on invested capital.
We are confident in our ability to sustain profitable growth because of our competitive strengths. Placing the consumer at the center
of our business decisions five years ago has been fundamental to our ongoing success. This perspective has sharpened our focus and allowed us to develop expertise in consumer market research and business analysis, which are core strengths that have shaped our successful retail and distribution strategies.
Another very important strength is our people. They are a key to our success and have a proven track record of success in the grocery industry. This past October, Dennis Eidson was appointed as President of the Company and to the Board of Directors. He has since been leading our retail and distribution strategy implementation and operational execution. We are confident in his leadership and ability to continue developing and implementing the critical marketing, merchandising, operational improvements, and disciplined category management practices that have been keys to our success.
During the past five years, I have witnessed a remarkable transformation in our corporate culture and in the attitudes of our associates, customers, and suppliers. Our organization has a single-minded sense of purpose that is focused on the consumer along with a high level of accountability and trust in each other that did not exist five years ago. Also evident is our employees’ vibrant confidence, pride and desire to succeed, as virtually every employee is engaged and making meaningful contributions towards our ongoing success each and every day.
Although we have made remarkable progress during the past five years, we continue to recognize attractive growth opportunities in our existing markets, as well as in adjacent ones. Our enhanced capital investment program is taking hold and we expect the program to continue to produce favorable sales growth results and market share improvement as additional Felpausch and other stores are remodeled. The marketing and merchandising programs at our D&W stores are being fine-tuned to provide profit improvement opportunities. Distribution expansion opportunities also exist, and we are implementing initiatives to improve our network efficiency and inventory management practices. In addition, disciplined acquisitions will continue to play an important role along our growth path.
Many growth opportunities remain ahead of us as we continue to build one of the best retail grocery store franchises in our markets and develop a highly regarded reputation in our distribution business. Our success is made possible by the individual contributions of many people. I want to thank all of our associates, customers, suppliers and shareholders for their continuing trust and support.
 Chairman’s Letter • SPARTAN STORES ANNUAL REPORT 5
    Craig C. Sturken Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

                 President’s
LETTER
Fiscal 2008 marks another exceptional year for Spartan Stores. In addition to our financial success, we reached
significant business milestones in both our retail and distribution business segments.
6 SPARTAN STORES ANNUAL REPORT • President’s Letter

                 Fiscal 2008 marks another exceptional year for Spartan Stores. In addition to our financial success, we reached significant business milestones in both our retail and distribution business segments. We are building our wholesale business into a highly respected grocery distribution operation, and our industry reputation is spreading. Our on-time delivery performance, order completion and accuracy rates, and vital retail support services provide us with a significant competitive advantage. These competitive advantages are the primary reason that we have maintained one of the lowest customer attrition rates in the grocery distribution industry and have attracted significant new business. We are confident that more sales and profit growth opportunities exist for this business as we reach out to prospective customers with our value-added proposition and continually work on network optimization and efficiency improvements.
One of the most important business milestones this year was the expansion of our distribution business in the state of Indiana. This expansion has significant strategic implications as it is our first major new business outside of our core Michigan market. This important milestone extends our distribution reach and gives us a much stronger presence in a state that can be economically served from our primary distribution center. Serving one of Indiana’s premier independent grocers also helps endorse and validate our value-added service offerings and capabilities with other area independent grocers. In addition, we also expanded our distribution business with existing customers
in eastern Michigan. This combined new distribution business added more than $120 million in incremental sales during fiscal 2008.
Measured by sales penetration, our corporate brands program is a market leader. During the past five years, we have devoted extensive
time and resources to develop and refine the program, and we believe our efforts have produced a premier program with strong brand recognition and consumer loyalty. The program differentiates our value-added distribution offer and provides a sustainable competitive advantage. On a retail level, our broad spectrum of brands offers customers an abundance of quality products and price point choices, which has been particularly beneficial in the current economic climate.
In addition to our excellent portfolio of corporate brands, our value-added distribution business provides critical support services that independent customers increasingly rely on to gain a competitive edge. Distribution customers highly value our suite of services including comprehensive retail operations support, category management, ad circular design and production, merchandising services, marketing and advertising. In addition, customers have built great trust in our IT and human resources support and in our specialty warehouse capabilities. With our high rate of order accuracy and a nearly 99% on-time delivery record, our customers enjoy one of the highest quality service
levels available.
In our retail segment, we completed the acquisition of Felpausch Food Centers stores located in certain western and central Michigan communities where we had limited or no presence, which further strengthened our leading market position among conventional retail grocers.
Continued on Page 8...
President’s Letter • SPARTAN STORES ANNUAL REPORT 7
  LISA D. VANGILDER, President & CEO, VG’s Food Center & Pharmacy, Inc.
,
“Since 1961, VG’s has been a customer of Spartan Stores. We want to thank Spartan for their support and most importantly for bringing quality products to our stores. They have been successful at expanding their private label offerings and recruiting some of the best talent in the business. We look forward to another 47 years .”

   Dennis Eidson
President & Chief Operating Officer
                Continued from Page 7...
Our distinct retail store banners reflect a segmentation strategy that serves our unique market demographics. Each retail store banner offers customers convenient locations, quality products and services, and a friendly, quick shopping experience. They also serve
a full range of customer segments from those wanting basic everyday groceries to special occasions, premium products and services for the more discriminating shopper. Our Family Fare and Glen’s Market stores emphasize quality products, friendly service, good values and strong fresh perimeter merchandise, while the center piece of our D&W Fresh Market is the fresh perimeter departments.
The D&W stores offer a wider variety of specialty products, a higher concentration of prepared foods, and premium services, such as wine consultants and Starbucks cafés. In addition, these stores have full-service meat and seafood departments with friendly, attentive and knowledgeable employees ready to serve customers the finest quality products, including premium Boar’s Head delicatessen meats
and cheeses, Star Ranch Natural Angus beef, and Bell & Evans poultry products. Collectively, our stores provide area consumers with one of the best retail offerings in our markets.
We are pleased with the early results of our capital investment program, which is squarely focused on improving the customer shopping experience. During the year we completed five store remodels and one store relocation that will help enhance our position in these markets. The capital investments are critical to our success in bringing in additional customers and building a long-term, loyal customer base. The remodeled stores are performing well, and we expect further performance improvements as the marketing and merchandising programs at the stores are fine-tuned. In addition, we constructed our first Family Fare prototype store. This 48,500 sq. ft. store serves as a replacement for an older, smaller store and showcases many of our latest merchandising and promotional ideas, while encompassing all of our best
store layout, retail concepts, and customer service ideas. Customer convenience remains one of our key retail strategies and fuel centers, as well as drive-thru pharmacies, are important elements of the strategy. Our fuel centers include Quick Stop convenience centers that offer beverages, snacks, and other food items. We have grown our fuel center operations to 16 locations from a single location when we began this important initiative in fiscal 2005.
A component of our long-term strategic plan is to supplement organic growth with disciplined acquisitions. Acquisitions must
be accretive to earnings, number one or two in market share or help increase market share in adjacent or fill-in markets. Our Felpausch store acquisition met each of these acquisition criteria. We believe that these stores have excellent performance potential because of their locations, loyal customer base, and market demographics. We are at the very beginning of transforming these stores into their full performance potential, and a significant portion of our 2009 capital improvement program will be directed at these stores. The physical store improvements are just one component of our transformation plan, as we will be implementing our best product mix, store layout, marketing and merchandising programs, supported by category management knowledge.
We are pursuing a retail and distribution growth strategy to capture the best available organic growth and disciplined acquisition opportunities. Our capital and technology investments, and focus on continuous operational improvements will enhance our value-added distribution services and further distinguish our retail offering. Our successful growth strategy is building Spartan Stores into a highly respected grocery distributor and retailer and positioning our Company for long-term success.
8 SPARTAN STORES ANNUAL REPORT • President’s Letter
