 To Our Shareholders
Financial Performance Despite both direct competition from larger competitors and rapid growth in grocery product sales through non-traditional channels, we achieved significant improvements in our financial performance. During fiscal 2005, net income increased to $18.8 million from a loss of $6.7 million in fiscal 2004. Operating earnings for the year nearly tripled to $37.5 million from $12.6 million in fiscal 2004 and cash from operating activities increased more than 115 percent in fiscal 2005. Sales grew at a two-year, compound annual rate of 1.7 percent and, excluding certain asset impairment charges, operating income has grown at a two-year, compound annual rate of 100 percent. Cash flow from operations also grew at a two-year, compound annual rate of 73 percent.
Our solid business performance has been recognized by the financial markets and has been rewarding for all our stakeholders including our customers, suppliers, associates, lenders, communities and shareholders. Spartan’s stock price appreciated more than 365 percent during the two- year period ending on March 26, 2005, our fiscal 2005 year end. With the share price improvement, the aggregate market value of our Company’s common stock has increased to more than $223 million from less than $50 million just two years ago.
We believe it is important to place these financial achievements into proper perspective. The grocery industry today is the most competitive we have experienced in our company’s 88-year history. Grocery products are readily available at virtually every traditional and non-traditional retail outlet and, during the past 10 years, Wal-Mart has become the single largest grocer in the country. In addition, five supercenters have opened in markets that directly affected sales at our corporate stores during the past two years. We have been able to engineer our improved performance despite this challenging and very competitive market environment.
To Our Shareholders (Continued on next page)
       4 Letter to Shareholders

  To Our Shareholders (Continued)
Achievements During the past two years, Spartan Stores has been transformed into a strong and respected competitor in the grocery distribution and retail industry. We achieved this by staying squarely focused on executing our business plan, the foundation of which is our customers. Fundamentally, we are a consumer-centric organization that is delivering the right mix of products and services at the right prices, and we strive to get better each and every day.
Our organization and culture has evolved into one with strong, energetic and competent individual leaders, continually focused on meeting the needs of our distribution and retail customers in an efficient and cost effective manner. Throughout the entire organization, associates have a sense of confidence. It is our people that have made a marked difference. We now are much more proficient at the basics
of category management, merchandising, marketing, operations and logistics. The strength of our associate competency and leadership in these areas makes a clear difference to our customers and distinguishes Spartan Stores among industry competitors.
Two years ago, our goals were to return our retail operations to profitability, strengthen our financial position, grow our private-label sales and maintain a fresh physical store appearance. I am pleased to report that we have made substantial progress with each of these objectives. Our retail operations reported an operating profit in every quarter of fiscal 2005. Following our debt restructuring in the third quarter of fiscal 2004, we negotiated a credit agreement amendment that increased our credit facility, improved our financial flexibility, and reduced our cost of capital. In addition,
To Our Shareholders (Continued on page 7)
Spartan Stores, Inc. Annual Report 2005 5

  “We are confident Spartan Stores has an outstanding future and are grateful for the continuing support of our customers, suppliers, associates and shareholders.”
6 Letter to Shareholders

To Our Shareholders (Continued)
during the year we continued to use the improvements in cash flow to pay down our borrowings. Our outstanding debt is now at the lowest level in more than five years. Our “Spartan” corporate private-label brand, which received a packaging design award from PLBuyer trade magazine, better aligns the packaging with the high quality of these products. During the year, we introduced the “Spartan” brand in two important dairy categories; ice cream and yogurt, and we are experiencing strong growth in these two product categories. Lastly, during the past two years, we made major or minor remodels at 52 of our retail stores, touching 70 percent of our entire retail store base.
Looking Ahead We are certainly proud of our recent progress, but are forging ahead with the next phase of our business plan that will continue to strengthen our market position. The next phase focuses on expanding our store base, providing more convenient products and services and continuing to grow our private label program.
The improvements in our financial position and cash flow allow us to expand our capital campaign beyond the more restrictive levels of the past several years. Therefore, we are initiating a phase of new store construction. In order to fill in certain market gaps, we expect to begin new store construction by late fiscal 2006. In addition, we will also invest capital to enlarge or replace certain existing stores. These actions will take place at locations that make economic sense and where we believe we can achieve favorable investment returns. We expect to build two new stores per year and expand square footage at an additional two to three stores during each of the next several years.
We began to expand our convenience product and service offerings in fiscal 2005 with the introduction of three fuel and convenience centers and the addition of five in-store pharmacies. These initiatives have already produced promising results and have been a positive influence on incremental sales growth. The initial success of these programs warrants expansion and we plan to open two additional fuel and convenience centers and three additional pharmacies in fiscal 2006.
We also have significant growth opportunities in our private-label programs. During fiscal 2006, we will be introducing new private-label brands and phasing out certain legacy brands. These initiatives will significantly expand our product offerings, while providing more products at more competitive price points. We plan to expand our private-label brand penetration in the natural and organic categories through the Full Circle program launched late in fiscal 2005. We had an outstanding response from retail consumers and independent distribution customers to our “Spartan” brand
ice cream and yogurt. During fiscal 2005, our private-label penetration rate from distribution and retail sales increased approximately 33 percent from the first to fourth quarters. We are now converting our legacy private-label health and beauty and entry level food product brands to Topco (our private label partner) brands, TopCare and Valu Time, respectively. These initiatives will significantly increase the product breadth offered in these major categories and lower the cost of these products for our distribution customers and retail stores. We plan to have more private-label products at more competitive price points, which will strengthen our competitive position relative to the offerings of mass retailers.
The market environment remains dynamic and extremely competitive. Although we expect aggressive expansion of big-box retail stores in our market during the coming year, these new stores should have less effect on our sales than we experienced this past year. Many of these new supercenters are either conversions of existing discount retailers or are expected to open in markets where a supercenter alternative already exists. In addition, we expect the supercenter build rate to begin declining in fiscal 2007 as our markets reach big-box retail store saturation. Moreover, some of our best performing supermarkets are in markets that have multiple supercenters located nearby. Competition and recent market place transactions such as asset exchanges, mergers and acquisitions and national supermarket chain store divestitures are also influencing our growth opportunities. We keep a close watch on all of these market issues and plan to take advantage of select acquisition opportunities created by these changes when it is prudent and in our shareholders best long-term interest.
We are confident Spartan Stores has an outstanding future and are grateful for the continuing support of our customers, suppliers, associates and shareholders.
Craig C. Sturken
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
 Spartan Stores, Inc. Annual Report 2005 7
