 2/3 SPX CORPORATION
  ÒTHE ACTIONS WE TOOK
IN 2016 RESHAPED SPX INTO A MORE PROFITABLE, HIGHER RETURN ENTERPRISE THAT IS WELL-POSITIONED FOR GROWTH IN HEALTHY AND ATTRACTIVE END MARKETS.Ó
 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
More than a year ago, prior to the spin-off of SPX FLOW, we laid out our roadmap for creating value for investors by growing our high return businesses in HVAC and Detection & Measurement, expanding margins in Transformers and reshaping our Power segment. Since that time, SPX Corporation has accomplished a great deal.
In addition to the operational efficiencies and solid margin performance we have been driving through- out the company, we have successfully introduced innovative products that have allowed us to expand our strategic platforms, open new sales channels and enter adjacent markets.
In our HVAC segment, in addition to delivering a solid margin performance through operational initiatives, we have been growing our market presence with the launch of several new products, such as our new evaporative condenser line in the industrial refrigeration market and our new high efficiency boilers in the heat- ing market. I am particularly proud of the launch of a market-changing cooling solution called the Marley¨ NC EverestTM, which delivers 50% more cooling capac- ity than any other single-cell factory-assembled cooling tower, while offering up to 35% energy savings and 30% lower installation costs. The Everest could have broader applications that will help to expand our market-reach both in large commercial HVAC facilities, and as a factory-assembled replacement for many field- erected cooling applications in industrial markets.

 CORE REVENUE* BY REGION
In Detection & Measurement, our continuous product develop- ment has provided our customers with value-enhancing tech- nology solutions to drive greater efficiency in their businesses. For example, our GPS-enabled locator, within our cable and pipe locator business, enhances functionality while allowing reliable tracking of surveying and data usage, translating into greater customer productivity and safety in the field.
Within our Communication Technologies business, our new Compact Spectrum Monitoring System provides increased flexibility to bring high-quality spectrum analysis into difficult operating environments. And, our Genfare LinkTM automated fare collection system continues to win orders from transit authority customers looking for a reliable, affordable solution for integrating multimedia payment options into their transpor- tation network.
Another significant accomplishment in 2016 was the transfor- mation of our Power segment. In 2016, we significantly reduced our exposure to power generation markets through the sale of our Global Dry Cooling business and our European Power Generation business, as well as the restructuring of our U.S.- based heat exchangers business. To reflect this shift away from challenged end markets towards engineered products for grid and industrial applications, we recently changed the name of this segment to Engineered Solutions. Sales of transformers are now the largest driver of segment results; and, in 2016, our Transformer business delivered its highest margin performance in many years, with a significant year-over-year improvement driven by increased customer acceptance of value-engineered transformer design and implementation of operational excel- lence measures across the platform.
Through the actions we took throughout the company in 2016, we have reshaped SPX into a more profitable, higher return
88%
7%
5%
*Based on Core revenues which exclude 2016 revenues of $83m for the South African projects
enterprise that is well-positioned for growth in healthy and attractive end markets. We expect to have substantial liquidity available from earnings and cash flow growth to fund our value creation plans and we remain committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet.
As we move forward, we will also continue to build on SPXÕs core strengths, such as our attractive competitive positions, exposure to growth markets and niche engineered products, while implementing SPXÕs operational excellence toolbox, which emphasizes strategic sourcing enhancements, productivity initiatives, and continuous process improvement. We will also focus increasingly on organic and inorganic growth invest- ments in businesses, products and market channels, prioritizing bolt-on acquisitions and those with strong potential cost and revenue synergies.
As I look back on 2016, I am proud of the accomplishments of our team and I am excited about the company that we are building. I want to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication, which have enabled the many positive changes we have experienced over the past year. As we continue along our value creation journey, I am confident that we have the right team and the right plan to succeed.
I would also like to express my gratitude to you, my fellow share- holders, for your support and feedback. I look forward to updating you on our further accomplishments through the coming year.
GENE LOWE
President and Chief Executive Officer
