                 2013 ANNUAL LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
At SPX we are committed to innovation, operational excellence and continuous improvement. We are focused on executing these commitments with the highest level of ethics and integrity. Our primary goal is to drive increased value for our shareholders, customers and employees.
Consistent with this goal, we focused last year on improving operational performance, returning capital to shareholders and further narrowing our strategic focus on our Flow end markets. 2013 was a busy year for SPX, and I am pleased to report that we made good progress in each of these areas.
Operational Improvement
During the year, we transitioned to a new operational alignment designed to improve our operating efficiency and enhance our customer focus by more closely aligning our organizational resources with our customers’ needs. The new alignment positions us to better leverage operational excellence, cost reduction initiatives and commercial synergies across our operations, particularly in our Flow end markets.
In addition, we executed a number of restructuring actions aimed at reducing our cost structure and improving our ability to more effectively serve our customers. These actions, along with ongoing lean and supply chain initiatives, contributed to improved operating performance at many of our businesses. These initiatives contributed to the improved consolidated profit margins for our operating segments which increased 70 basis points to 10.5%. We also generated operating cash flows of $348.6 million in 2013, exclusive of a $250.0 million discretionary pension contribution. Improved working capital performance at many of our businesses was the primary driver of our strong operating cash flows.
We achieved our profit margin and cash flow results despite a 2.4% decline in revenue from 2012. This decline was due, in part, to increased discipline applied to our order acceptance process, particularly in our ClydeUnion business, the expected ramp-down in revenue related to our large power projects in South Africa, and delays in the timing of our customers’ capital spending decisions. As a result, we recorded lower sales of original equipment oil and gas pumps, power generation equipment and food and beverage systems. On a positive note, in the second half of 2013 we experienced an increase in orders across each of these product lines.

                 Capital Allocation
We began 2013 in a strong financial position with $984.1 million of cash and equivalents. Consistent with our disciplined capital allocation methodology, we made the following key capital allocations during 2013:
– $260.2 million to repurchase SPX common stock;
– $250.0 million discretionary pension contribution to the SPX U.S. Qualified Pension Plan;
– $54.9 million to capital expenditures; and
– $28.8 million to restructuring actions concentrated in our Flow Technology and Thermal Equipment and Services segments.
We ended 2013 with $691.8 million of cash and equivalents, and in January 2014 we received $574.1 million of proceeds associated with the sale of our EGS joint venture interest. Additionally, we are in the process of divesting certain industrial assets reported as discontinued operations in 2013.
To reduce our leverage, we refinanced our senior credit facilities in December 2013, and we completed the redemption of $500 million of bonds in February 2014. We also initiated actions that will significantly reduce our pension obligations going forward. As a result of these actions, we expect pension and interest expense to decline significantly in our 2014 adjusted earnings calculation.
After all these actions, we expect to be within our target leverage range of 1.5x to 2.5x gross debt to EBITDA as defined in our credit facilities. Given that, we also implemented a 50% increase in our annual dividend. Our annual dividend is now targeted at $1.50 per share, payable quarterly. Going forward, we intend to review our dividend policy on an annual basis for potential increases when market conditions allow.

                 The SPX Transformation
Over the past decade, we have consistently executed a strategy to narrow the focus of our company and better position our business in higher-growth, higher-return markets. Divestitures have played a key role in this process. Since the end of 2004, we have divested over 20 businesses for gross proceeds of approximately $5 billion. These proceeds have been redeployed primarily on share repurchases, acquisitions, debt reduction and our annual dividend.
Throughout this process, we have strategically expanded our breadth of Flow-related product offerings to concentrate on serving market sectors that require highly engineered system solutions and components. This differentiates SPX and keeps us at the forefront of innovation in our markets. And we continue to work with our customers to improve their ability to process, transport, meter, filter or dehydrate various types of fluids, gases and powders across a variety of applications.
WE WILL CONTINUE TO FOCUS OUR GROWTH INITIATIVES ON INCREASING OUR ABILITY TO PROVIDE HIGHLY ENGINEERED PRODUCTS
AND SOLUTIONS TO OUR CUSTOMERS IN THE
GLOBAL POWER AND ENERGY, FOOD AND BEVERAGE, AND INDUSTRIAL FLOW END MARKETS.

                 Our Flow offerings include a broad array of engineered components such as pumps, valves and mixers, which can be combined into modular and fully integrated system solutions. One of the more attractive growth opportunities that we are working on is building out our aftermarket service business, which typically has higher returns.
As a result of our transformation, our product offerings are concentrated on serving customers in three primary end markets: power and energy, food and beverage, and industrial flow markets. We believe future investment in these three end markets will be driven by population growth, the expanding middle class, environmental and sustainability efforts, new infrastructure build in developing economies and replacement of aged infrastructure in developed economies.
Executive Summary
In summary, we are pleased with the progress we made in 2013 to improve our organization and drive value for our shareholders, customers and employees.
As we move into the New Year we remain cautious on the global economy, but are encouraged by the positive order momentum we experienced in the second half of 2013, particularly in our Flow segment. For 2014, we are targeting revenue growth, continued segment margin expansion and strong cash generation.
Furthermore, as part of our ongoing efforts to drive lean initiatives throughout our organization, we plan to execute actions designed to better align our global corporate overhead structure with our new operational alignment. These actions are expected to reduce our global corporate overhead expense by 10% in 2014. And on an annualized basis, we are targeting a 15% to 20% reduction in corporate overhead costs as compared to $110.8 million in 2013.

                 WE HAVE STRATEGICALLY EXPANDED
OUR BREADTH OF FLOW-RELATED PRODUCT OFFERINGS TO CONCENTRATE ON SERVING MARKET SECTORS THAT REQUIRE HIGHLY ENGINEERED SYSTEM SOLUTIONS AND COMPONENTS.
Our Board of Directors and executive leadership team are committed to improving operational performance, returning capital to shareholders and executing our strategic initiatives.
Going forward, we will continue to focus our growth initiatives on increasing our ability to provide highly engineered products and solutions to our customers in the global power and energy, food and beverage, and industrial flow end markets.
We are excited about the opportunities in front of us, and look forward to delivering on our commitments. We think the earnings potential of our company is as strong as it has ever been and believe the best is yet to come for SPX and our investors.
Sincerely,
Chris Kearney
 