                TO MY FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
2014 was a milestone year for SPX. Operationally, we successfully transitioned to a new organizational alignment, which led to a second consecutive year of segment margin improvement and strong cash flow generation. Strategically, we executed a number of actions, culminating with the announcement of our plan to spin-off our Flow business and separate SPX into two standalone public companies focused independently on serving Flow and Infrastructure markets. This plan, announced on October 29, 2014, was unanimously approved by our Board of Directors and positively received by our shareholders. I am confident in the abilities of our senior leaders and talented workforce to remain focused and committed to driving value for our shareholders, customers and business partners as we execute this plan in 2015.
Before reviewing the details of 2014, I want to acknowledge the remarkable performance by our employees, who showed tremendous dedication and focus during a year of significant change for our organization. Their focus on growth and continuous improvement initiatives positioned us to take this important strategic step and drive sustainable value creation going forward.
Our employees are committed to innovation, operational excellence and continuous improvement, and apply the highest level of ethics and integrity in working towards these commitments. They are dedicated to developing, manufacturing and servicing a diverse offering of products and solutions that enhance our customers’ ability to meet the rising global demand for energy, food and infrastructure. This commitment is core to our culture, essential in creating value, and will serve as the foundation for both future companies.
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE
In the fourth quarter of 2013, we transitioned to a new operational alignment designed to improve our operating efficiency and enhance our customer focus by more closely aligning our resources with customer needs. The new alignment has positioned us to better leverage operational excellence, cost-reduction initiatives and commercial synergies across all our businesses.
In addition, we have executed a number of restructuring actions aimed at reducing our cost structure and improving our ability to more effectively serve our customers. These actions, along with ongoing lean and supply chain initiatives, contributed to improved operating performance at many of our businesses last year. As a result, despite a $54 million year-over-year reduction to segment income related to the large power projects in South Africa, our consolidated 2014 segment income increased 2% to $522 million and segment income margins increased 40 basis points to 11.1%.

                We also generated solid operating cash flows from continuing operations of $317 million, exclusive of $235 million of tax payments related to the sales of our Precision Components and Thermal Product Solutions businesses, and our interest in the EGS joint venture. Those three divestitures yielded $679 million of gross proceeds, contributing to our strong financial position.
CAPITAL ALLOCATION
We began 2014 with $692 million of cash on hand. That cash and the subsequent divestiture proceeds provided significant financial flexibility. We deployed that cash by paying down debt, increasing our dividend by 50%, to $1.50 per share, and repurchasing approximately 12% of our outstanding shares. These actions were consistent with our disciplined capital allocation methodology. Below is a summary of our key capital allocations during 2014:
– $531 million to repurchase all our 7.625% senior notes; – $489 million to repurchase SPX common stock;
– $61 million to capital expenditures;
– $60 million to dividend payments; and
– $26 million to restructuring actions.
We ended 2014 with $428 million of cash and equivalents and $1.37 billion of total debt. We finished the year with gross leverage of 2.4 times, within our target leverage range and down from 2.8 times at the end of 2013.
STRATEGIC TRANSFORMATION AND SPIN-OFF OF FLOW BUSINESS
SPX has a long history of creating value for its shareholders. We have undergone a significant transformation over the past 15 years. Since the end of 2004, we’ve divested 20 businesses for gross proceeds of approximately $5 billion at an average EBITDA multiple of over 12 times. This has unlocked significant value for our shareholders. We have steadily divested our legacy automotive businesses and expanded globally into diversified flow and infrastructure markets.
In doing so, we’ve narrowed the focus of our company and better positioned our business in higher-growth, higher-return markets. Simultaneously, we have focused our innovation, product development and acquisition investments on serving market sectors that require highly engineered system solutions, components and aftermarket services.
As a result of our transformation, Flow represents about 60% of our revenue and is concentrated in power and energy, food and beverage, and industrial flow markets. Our infrastructure business represents about 40% of our revenue and is concentrated in power, HVAC and specialty infrastructure markets.
 
                  
 We believe increased investment in all these secular end markets will be driven by population growth, the expanding middle class and environmental and sustainability efforts, benefiting both future companies.
Actions executed in recent years have further simplified our organization, improved our operational performance and aligned our businesses more closely to our customers. The spin-off of our Flow business is the logical next step in our transformation and will enable us to achieve our goal of creating a pure-play Flow company.
We firmly believe each future company will be successful on an independent basis due to talented leadership, a skilled workforce, well-recognized product brands and strong customer relationships.
Furthermore, we believe the spin will provide both companies with greater flexibility to focus on and pursue their respective growth strategies, enabling them to create significant value for shareholders, customers and employees.
FUTURE FLOW COMPANY: SPX FLOW, INC.
The future Flow company will be named SPX FLOW, Inc. and will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “FLOW.” Upon completion of the spin, I will serve as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of SPX FLOW, Inc. and Jeremy Smeltser will serve as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
SPX FLOW, Inc. will be a pure-play Flow company, well-positioned in attractive secular growth markets with a diverse, global customer base.

                  
                FUTURE INFRASTRUCTURE COMPANY: SPX CORPORATION
The future infrastructure company will retain the name SPX Corporation and will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the new ticker symbol “SPXC.” Upon completion of the spin, Mike Mancuso will serve as Chairman of the Board, Gene Lowe will serve as President and Chief Executive Officer, and Scott Sproule will serve as Chief Financial Officer.
The future SPX Corporation will be positioned as a leading provider of highly engineered products and solutions into power and infrastructure markets.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
In summary, as we enter 2015, we are well-positioned in attractive long-term growth markets to support our customers’ evolving needs. And we are dedicated to delivering our 2015 financial commitments.
We remain focused on both continued operational improvement and achieving the strategic milestone of separating SPX into two strong, standalone public companies.
We are making good progress towards the separation and expect to complete the spin-off of our Flow business in the third quarter of 2015.
We believe the execution of this plan will allow investors to separately value the distinct attributes of each company. This is a unique and valuable opportunity to create shareholder value at both future companies, and we are committed to that goal.
Thanks for all your support! Sincerely,
Chris Kearney
   