   Fellow shareholders
Donald E. Felsinger
Executive Chairman
FRom thE ExEcutivE chaiRman
When I reported for my first day of work in 1972 as a young engineering school grad- uate, the thought never crossed my mind that, 40 years later, I would still be here Ñ and ready to retire as chairman. It is pretty rare in todayÕs business world to find similar stories, but not at Sempra Energy, because this is indeed a special company.
I know what has kept me here so long has been the constant challenge and change Ñ and the support from so many good people along the way. At every step of my career,
I have been faced with new challenges and new responsibilities. This was sometimes trying, but, in the end, ultimately gratifying, because I was always learning something new, working alongside talented people and expanding my capabilities.
As a company, it has been central to our philosophy, culture and success to develop strong leadership from within Ñ giving our employees the opportunity to learn, grow and be challenged while being exposed to many different facets of our business. ThatÕs why I was especially pleased that your board of directors was able to consider some very strong internal candidates as it planned for our leadership succession.
In June 2011, the board elected Debbie Reed to succeed me as chief executive officer. Debbie has spent her entire 34-year career with the company and, along the way, has demonstrated a strong ability to lead at
every level of responsibility. We believe that Debbie is the best person to lead this company forward and to continue to create shareholder value. She will be supported by a strong leadership team and a group of extremely talented, dedicated employees.
I am proud of what we have built together Ñ a $10 billion enterprise with a strong
track record and an expanding footprint.
In fact, we are one of the few successful integrated energy companies in our industry today, a company built largely through organic growth.
Most importantly, I am grateful to have been afforded the opportunity to lead this great company at a pivotal time, with the support of so many: my fellow board members and employees; you, our share- holders; and our millions of customers.
It has been a wonderful journey. You can rest assured that this company and your investment are in excellent hands with Debbie and our new leadership team. Thank you again for investing in Sempra Energy and for helping to make my career at the company so rewarding.
Sincerely,
Donald E. Felsinger
Executive Chairman
 
 My primary focus will be to develop and execute a strategy to continue to grow the company and increase the value of your investment over time.
Debra L. Reed
Chief Executive Officer
FRom thE cEo
It is an honor and a privilege to serve as Sempra EnergyÕs new CEO.
I am fortunate to assume the reins of a highly successful enterprise. Over the past decade, Sempra Energy has delivered a total return to shareholders of 205 percent. The comparable return during the same period from the S&P 500 Utilities Index
was 86 percent and, from the S&P 500 Index, 33 percent.
In 2011, our earnings were $1.4 billion, or $5.62 per diluted share, compared with earnings of $739 million, or $2.98 per diluted share, in 2010. On an adjusted basis,* our earnings per share increased 14 percent in 2011 over 2010.
Don Felsinger and our prior leadership have charted a successful course for the company. In my new role, my primary focus will be to develop and execute a strategy to continue to grow the company and increase the value of your investment over time.
With DonÕs planned retirement this year and former President Neal SchmaleÕs retirement in 2011, the board has executed a carefully planned leadership succession. An out- standing team is now in place to lead the company forward. Mark Snell, formerly Sempra EnergyÕs chief financial officer,
has been promoted to president. Joe Householder, formerly controller, succeeded Mark as chief financial officer. George Liparidis, former CEO of Sempra Pipelines & Storage, and Jeff Martin, former CEO of Sempra Generation, now lead our new Sempra International and Sempra U.S. Gas & Power operating units, respectively. And, continuing in their current roles are Jessie Knight, CEO of San Diego Gas & Electric (SDG&E), and Mike Allman, CEO of Southern California Gas Co. (SoCalGas).
Strategic Review
Following my appointment as CEO in June of last year, we spent several months undertaking a strategic review of our business. We analyzed the performance of all our assets, conducted a thorough study of the market opportunities, reviewed our current organizational structure and then refined our strategy and organization to better position us for future growth.
Among the market trends is the dramatic shift taking place in the U.S. natural gas market. With the rise in shale drilling, the U.S. now has an abundant natural gas supply and prices have fallen to their lowest point in the past decade. Additionally, new federal environmental regulations will pressure utilities to retire coal-fired power plants. All these factors should increase the
use of natural gas domestically and pave the way for new infrastructure, as well as potential exports of surplus supply.
Another trend is investment in utility infrastructure. Analysts estimate that
U.S. utilities will require $1 trillion in new investment over the next decade to replace or upgrade infrastructure.
Additionally, we see continued growth in U.S. renewable energy. Most states have a renewable energy requirement or goal and, with more stringent federal restrictions
on emissions, renewables will become an increasingly important part of the domestic energy resource mix.
Finally, weÕre seeing more robust economic growth abroad Ñ 60 percent of the global economic growth over the next decade is projected to be in emerging international markets, such as Latin America.
All of these market trends reinforce our investment strategy focused on regulated utilities and contracted energy infrastruc- ture. The next logical step, and a focus of our strategic plan, is to restructure our organization and integrate our energy infrastructure assets to take advantage of the market opportunities.
continued >
* Please see page A-1 for an explanation of this non-GAAP measure. The increase in diluted earnings per share in 2011 on a GAAP basis was 89 percent.
  
We are integrating our existing assets and leveraging our expertise in project development, operations and marketing to capitalize on the opportunities.
In January, we consolidated our energy infrastructure businesses Ñ Sempra Generation, Sempra Pipelines & Storage and Sempra LNG Ñ into two new operating units, Sempra International and Sempra U.S. Gas & Power. Sempra International encompasses our utility businesses in South America and our natural gas operations in Mexico. Sempra U.S. Gas
& Power houses our U.S. natural gas operations, as well as our renewable energy development business. SDG&E and SoCalGas continue to operate as independent, regulated subsidiaries.
This new organizational structure captures the major growth platforms for our company:
¥ Domestic and international utilities; ¥ Natural gas infrastructure; and
¥ Renewable energy.
Expanding U.S. natural gas supplies
and anticipated increased natural gas consumption are creating new investment opportunities. Therefore, we are integrating our existing assets and leveraging our expertise in project development, operations and marketing to capitalize
on the opportunities.
For example, our LNG terminal in Louisiana can host a liquefaction facility that would enable us and strategic partners to convert natural gas to liquid form for export to international markets where the market price is much higher. Our other natural gas facilities in the region can store gas and deliver it via pipelines to the new facility or to other customers Ñ utilities and industrial users Ñ for whom we can develop other integrated energy solutions.
Looking Forward
With the need for new infrastructure, SDG&E and SoCalGas are well positioned for growth. They are responding to the demands of customers and policymakers for new, cleaner energy sources and advanced technologies.
Nearly 80 percent of our $14 billion, five- year capital spending plan is earmarked for enhancing the infrastructure of our California utilities: implementing new pipeline safety measures, installing
advanced digital gas meters for SoCalGas customers and upgrading SDG&EÕs electric transmission system. SDG&EÕs Sunrise Powerlink transmission line is due to be completed later this year and, subject to regulatory approval, construction will start on a major new substation in southern
San Diego County.
Our South American electric utilities Ñ Chilquinta Energ’a in Chile and Luz del Sur
in Peru Ñ also will require new investment in infrastructure to meet growing energy demand.
And, our U.S. Gas & Power unit continues to invest in solar and wind projects. Today, it is one of the largest developers of renewable energy in the U.S., with nearly 1,000 megawatts of renewable projects either in operation, under construction or contracted.
Growth Outlook
With all of our businesses performing well, we expect to increase our earnings per share over the next five years at an average compound rate of 6 percent to 8 percent annually.
Earlier this year, the board authorized a 25-percent increase in our dividend to $2.40 per share on an annualized basis from $1.92 per share. In 2011, the board established a target dividend payout ratio of 45 percent to 50 percent. Over the next several years, we anticipate exceeding this payout range, while maintaining a robust growth rate compared with the utility sector.
This is a very exciting time for our company and for me personally. With the outstanding support of our 17,500 employees, I am confident we can continue to effectively meet the increasing demands of our customers while successfully executing
our ambitious growth plan. Thank you for your ongoing support and for placing your confidence in our company.
Sincerely,
Debra L. Reed
Chief Executive Officer
 