                                         FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
The past year marked the fifth anniversary of the merger that created Sempra Energy. I’m pleased that, for the fifth consecutive year, we produced outstanding results. Sempra Energy’s earnings per share have grown, on average, by nearly 20 percent annually since 1998.
 In 2003, we posted earnings of $649 million, up from $591 million in 2002. Earnings per diluted share were $3.03, a 6-percent increase over 2002. Sempra Energy’s outstanding financial performance derives from our ability to capitalize on new opportunities, our focused strategy and our consistent execution. I am particularly proud of Sempra Energy’s performance compared to many other energy companies in recent years.
Our growth strategy is focused and methodical. We develop a deep understand- ing of markets and customer needs, apply a rigorous risk-management analysis of potential investments and nurture positive relationships with our key constituents, including the communities in which we operate.
A clearer path ahead.
In 2003, we saw significant progress toward resolving many of the major issues facing our company. Sempra Energy Resources’ long-term energy-supply contract with the California Department of Water Resources was upheld by both the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) and a Superior Court of California. While these rulings are being appealed by the state, we expect the contract to continue to be upheld in all venues.
Sempra Energy Trading also has entered into a settlement agreement related to the FERC’s investigation of marketers’ activities in Western U.S. energy markets from 2000 to 2001.
page 5
 
                                        page 6
“Sempra Energy’s outstanding financial performance derives from our ability to capitalize on new opportunities, our focused strategy and our consistent execution.”
In 2003, we received key permits to proceed with the development of two lique- fied natural gas (LNG) receipt terminals—Energía Costa Azul in Baja California, Mexico, and Cameron LNG near Lake Charles, Louisiana. These are scheduled to be the first new LNG receipt facilities built in North America in the past two decades. We also entered into a preliminary agreement to bring a daily supply of 500 million cubic feet of natural gas to Energía Costa Azul from Indonesia. Additionally, Sempra Energy LNG announced its intention to form a 50/50
joint venture with Shell International Gas Limited to develop the Energía Costa Azul facility.
In our home state of California, the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) has shown a willingness to put energy policy back on solid footing by acknowledging a more realistic balance between the interests of consumers and the financial health of the state’s utilities.
Our solid foundation: Sempra Energy utilities.
Sempra Energy utilities—San Diego Gas & Electric and Southern California Gas Company—provide a solid foundation for Sempra Energy through consistently strong earnings and cash flow. Both utilities again performed well in 2003, exceeding their authorized return on equity and earning operational incentives.
SoCalGas reached an all-party settlement, and SDG&E, a multiparty settlement, in their respective Cost-of-Service rate cases pending before the CPUC. Approval of these settlements by the CPUC will allow the utilities to make the investments necessary to continue their long tradition of delivering safe and reliable energy, exceptional customer service and consistently strong earnings. It also will enable the utilities to expand their rate bases over time and ensure a reasonable return for our investors.

                                           Left: In 2003, the Sempra Energy utilities, SDG&E and SoCalGas, invested more than $760 million to expand their systems and maintain exceptional customer service. Right: When completed in 2007, the Cameron LNG receipt facility in Louisiana will process 1.5 billion cubic feet (bcf) per day of natural gas for markets in the United States.
None of the utilities’ accomplishments would be possible without the determined efforts of thousands of dedicated employees. This was most evident during last fall’s devastating wildfires in California. I am proud of our employees, many of whom worked around the clock in difficult conditions to restore gas and electric service to more than 100,000 customers.
New opportunities for growth.
In 2003, Sempra Energy Global Enterprises continued to grow a well-balanced and profitable mix of businesses that develop energy infrastructure and offer risk-management services.
Sempra Energy Resources, our wholesale power-generation unit, enjoyed a landmark year for both profitability and operational achievement. The company brought four new power plants online in the Pacific Southwest totaling 2,125 megawatts. The projects, which include Elk Hills, Termoeléctrica de Mexicali and Mesquite’s two generating units, were completed on time and under budget, with more than 80 percent of all capacity contracted forward through the year 2010.
Sempra Energy International operates energy utilities and develops gas pipelines principally in Latin America. In Mexico, the company obtained 20-year contract commitments for nearly 100 percent of its Gasoducto Bajanorte natural gas pipeline capacity from major industrial users and power plants in the northern border region. Sempra Energy International’s expert market knowledge and project management experience in Mexico have helped shape the success of other Sempra Energy projects in the region, including the Termoeléctrica de Mexicali power plant in Mexicali and the Energía Costa Azul LNG receipt facility north of Ensenada.
page 7

                                        RESPONDING HEROICALLY TO THE CALIFORNIA WILDFIRES
In October 2003, the worst fires in California history killed 20 people, burned 700,000 acres and destroyed nearly 3,600 homes—affecting 20 percent of SDG&E’s service territory and portions of SoCalGas’ territory.
Employees of both utilities responded immediately and heroically, working around the clock to restore gas and electricity to more than 100,000 homes in record time. SDG&E replaced 3,500 transmission and distribution poles and more than 400 miles of electric wire damaged during the fires. Additionally, SDG&E rebuilt 14 substa- tions and 17 major transmission lines while SoCalGas conducted more than 400 service-restoration calls in the fire-affected areas.
The California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) honored SDG&E and SoCalGas, stating that their efforts “should remind us all that the public-service ethic associated with being a public-utility employee is real, and not just a marketing tagline.”
  In 2003, we formally established a new business unit, Sempra Energy LNG,
to oversee our LNG operations. Plans for the Energía Costa Azul LNG terminal and for the Cameron LNG facility in Louisiana result from our recognition three years ago of the growing imbalance between natural gas supply and demand
in North America. We determined that LNG would be critical in addressing this imbalance and launched efforts to develop an LNG regasification business. The company expects to break ground on both LNG receipt terminals in mid-2004 and begin operations in 2007.
Working with our communities.
In our LNG initiatives—as in other endeavors—we have worked closely with local communities and key constituents to identify and resolve potentially difficult issues. These community efforts are part of every major project we undertake. They help to build trust and establish long-term relationships. Working closely with local communities also helps to ensure that we can address concerns before they become problems. A good example was the decision to build the Mexicali power plant, Termoeléctrica de Mexicali, to meet strict California environmental standards, even though Mexico did not require us
to do so.
In 2003, Fortune magazine recognized Sempra Energy as one of America’s top five companies for minorities—one of only two companies consistently to achieve this distinction since the rankings were introduced in 1998. Also in 2003, Sempra Energy and its employees contributed more than $9 million and 40,000 hours of volunteer time to charitable causes. The character of our employees drives Sempra Energy’s success and enriches the communities we serve.
page 8
  
                                        “Our LNG business will shift into full gear this year, with construction on our two receipt terminals expected to be under way by mid-2004.”
 Looking forward.
As the economy has rebounded, so too has the demand for energy.
With our utilities’ expanding customer base, we plan new investments in electric generation, and gas and electric-transmission and distribution infra- structure. We expect these new investments to bring solid earnings from our utilities in the years ahead.
Similarly, with long-term contracts in place, Sempra Energy Resources
has a more predictable and stable business, contributing steady earnings to Sempra Energy.
Our LNG business will shift into full gear this year, with construction on our two receipt terminals expected to be under way by mid-2004.
On the following pages is an overview of the strategies we’re executing to capture the opportunities ahead of us, including the perspectives of some of the key members of our leadership team.
On behalf of the nearly 13,000 employees of Sempra Energy, I thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
STEPHEN L. BAUM
CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 page 9
