  Fellow Shareholders:
In 2014, we executed successfully on our growth strategy, producing tangible results. We advanced several major projects, delivered
a total return to shareholders of 27 percent and increased our dividend 5 percent. Also, Sempra Energy’s share price reached an all-time high of $116.30 in December, after surpassing the $100 plateau for the first time earlier in the year.
Our strategy is focused on building new energy infrastructure that is contracted for the long term. In this way, we can grow our company while maintaining a moderate risk profile for our investors. We expect to achieve compound annual growth in earnings per share of approximately 11 percent from 2015 through 2019 — about twice the growth rate that you would expect to find in the utility sector.
We are pursuing multiple platforms for growth:
in U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG), midstream operations and renewable energy; in Mexico and South America; and through our California utilities. We see tremendous opportunities in the energy markets that mirror our growth platforms.
New drilling technologies have unlocked abundant supplies of natural gas and oil trapped in shale deposits. In the U.S. alone, there now is enough of a surplus to enable the country to become a net exporter of natural gas over the next decade. We are taking advantage of these export opportunities through our LNG business.
For many of our infrastructure projects, we have entered into strategic partnerships. These part- nerships not only have allowed us to maximize our capital allocation, while maintaining a strong
  Debra L. Reed
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Visit our online annual report at sempra.com/annualreport 1

 balance sheet and credit ratings, but also to reduce risk and create new investment opportunities.
A great example of a successful partnership is
the Cameron LNG liquefaction-export project in Louisiana. In 2014, we finalized a joint venture
with our project partners, secured the last of
our required regulatory permits and launched construction activities. The facility now is on schedule to become one of the first U.S. gas export facilities to begin operating, when completed in 2018. Fully contracted for 20 years, Cameron LNG will have an export capability of approximately
1.7 billion cubic feet per day (Bcfd) of LNG for inter- national markets. Beginning in 2019, it is expected to generate $300 million to $350 million annually in earnings for us.
With the success of the launch of the Cameron LNG project, we and our partners are consider-
ing adding two more liquefaction trains to the current three trains under development. Initial permitting work on the potential expansion already has begun. We are also exploring other LNG development opportunities. We have a large land position on the Gulf Coast of Texas, in Port Arthur,
that could host a liquefaction-export terminal. Additionally, we are evaluating the economics of converting our Energía Costa Azul LNG terminal into an export facility. The terminal, located in Baja California, Mexico, currently is 100-percent contracted through 2028 as an import facility.
Despite volatile oil and natural gas prices over the past year, there remains a need to increase LNG supply to meet growing demand in the future. U.S. LNG projects have unique advantages in meeting this demand, due to their flexibility and lower cost. While some exploration and production activity may decline, we have structured our business model to minimize our exposure to commodity cycles, primarily through long-term contracting of our facilities.
Several of the largest U.S. shale plays are in the Northeast and Midwest. This is reversing the tradi- tional flows of natural gas in the country, with new pipeline capacity needed to move shale gas from the producing regions to consumers. Sempra U.S. Gas & Power is a 25-percent owner of the Rockies Express Pipeline, a 1,698-mile transcontinental pipeline originally designed to transport natural gas west to east, from the Rocky Mountain region to Ohio. We and our partners in the pipeline are taking advantage of the new market demand by adding pipeline laterals and compression to allow Rockies Express Pipeline gas to flow bidirectionally. Toward this end, the partners have secured long- term contracts for 1.8 Bcfd of east-to-west capacity on the pipeline. We are exploring other related development opportunities, as well.
With the majority of states adopting renewable energy standards or goals, Sempra U.S. Gas & Power has continued to expand its portfolio of solar and wind facilities in 50-50 joint ventures. The company now owns or has under development more than 1,000 megawatts (MW) of renewable energy at facilities stretching from Hawaii to Pennsylvania.
  In October 2014, federal, state and local officials joined the Cameron LNG partners to break ground on their landmark liquefaction-export facility, due to start operations in 2018.
2 Sempra Energy 2014 annual report

 Another rapidly developing growth platform for us is in Mexico. In the first quarter 2013, we executed a successful initial public offering of our Mexican subsidiary, IEnova, becoming the first energy com- pany to be listed on the Mexican stock exchange. Since then, IEnova’s market value has increased 83 percent (through the end of 2014) and it now is the second-largest energy company in Mexico.
The Mexican government is contracting for billions of dollars in new energy infrastructure, while also opening up its energy market to private invest- ment. Several areas for investment — pipelines, power plants and electric transmission — dovetail well with our industry expertise and experience
in developing energy projects in Mexico. In solo and joint ventures, IEnova is building six new
pipeline projects. Additionally, IEnova is on track to complete its first wind generation project in 2015, Energía Sierra Juárez. Clean energy from this 155-MW facility will be sold to SDG&E under a 20-year contract. This facility can be expanded by about 1,000 MW to serve both U.S. and Mexican energy markets.
While our growth prospects are excellent in U.S. midstream and international energy markets, our California utilities — SoCalGas and SDG&E — remain the bedrock of our business. We are investing approximately $12 billion over the next five years to enhance safety and reliability, meet state environmental policy initiatives and adopt new technologies for our customers.
After approval by the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) in 2014, SoCalGas and SDG&E have launched their Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan (PSEP). Under the PSEP, the utilities will test or replace all natural gas transmission pipelines in their system that have not been pressure-tested. The utilities also have filed with the CPUC for the Southern Gas System Reliability project, a program designed to reinforce the natural gas transmission system and provide stronger access to gas supply points and storage. We believe this program is important for both natural gas and electric system reliability.
Additionally, SoCalGas has completed the installation of nearly half of its advanced meters under a program approved by the CPUC in 2010. Approximately 6 million customer meters are being upgraded with digital modules that will enable customers to better manage their energy usage with access to their real-time data online.
A primary initiative of SDG&E is to invest in system reliability to accommodate more renewable energy. The utility energized the final phase of its new East County electric substation complex in December and has more than $1 billion in other electric transmission upgrades proposed or approved in
its service territory. These upgrades are necessary to continue to ensure safe and reliable electric grid operations. In 2014, more than 30 percent of the energy SDG&E delivered to customers came from qualifying renewable resources. In January 2015, Calif. Gov. Brown announced his intention to
  Mexican subsidiary IEnova already is generating earnings on two of six new pipelines under development, including the $1 billion Sonora natural gas pipeline.
Visit our online annual report at sempra.com/annualreport 3

    After receiving regulatory approval in 2014, SoCalGas and SDG&E have begun implementing their Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan to test or replace natural gas pipelines that have not been pressure-tested.
increase the mandate for renewable energy in the state to 50 percent by 2030.
On the regulatory front, SDG&E made significant progress on three major issues over the past year. In November, the CPUC approved a settlement agreement resolving all cost-recovery issues related to the shutdown of the San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station (in which SDG&E holds a 20-percent ownership stake). Additionally, SDG&E and SoCalGas made their initial filings with the CPUC in their 2016 General Rate Case. On a parallel track, SDG&E continues to work with regulators, stakeholders and the state’s other utilities to implement a more balanced rate structure that accurately reflects the costs of serving different classes of customers.
As this report went to print, we were in the final stages of evaluating the potential for creating a financing vehicle for our midstream and renew- able businesses to create long-term value for
shareholders. We refer to this financing structure as a “Total Return Vehicle.” If we decide to move forward, this would be a publicly traded partner- ship controlled by Sempra Energy, enabling us to raise lower-cost equity to fund our growth.
Overall, we expect to continue to expand our business across multiple platforms. We can do
so because we have the right people in place to execute our strategy. We invest considerable time in developing talent across our organization. We want our management team to gain experience in all aspects of our business, so they have a more comprehensive understanding of our operations and the needs of our key stakeholders.
I could not be more excited about the many great opportunities ahead of us and the number of sig- nificant projects that already are underway to help us achieve our growth plan. Our successful track record earned us a place on Fortune magazine’s list of the “World’s Most Admired Companies” for 2015. We are proud to be named to this prestigious list, as it is based on independent surveys of our peer companies and industry analysts.
We remain committed to offering you, our investors, superior, long-term value, both through potential share appreciation and an increasing dividend. Thank you for your confidence in our company — your continued trust and support is critical to our future success.
Sincerely,
Debra L. Reed
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
    4 Sempra Energy 2014 annual report
