SEABOARD CORPORATION
Letter to Stockholders
2010 was a year to remember as we posted record results in sales, operating income and net income. Seaboard Foods, our integrated pork division, is largely responsible for these high water marks but our other divisions also delivered very respectable results. This is laudable during this time of worldwide economic and political instability. As an international food and transportation company, our results are not only driven by industry fundamentals, but are heavily influenced by global economic, social and political conditions. While 2010 is in the bank, it is clear that 2011 will be challenging and unpredictable. As a company reliant on commodity inputs such as grain and energy and in industries which are heavily regulated by government and scrutinized by special interest groups, managing margins becomes more challenging as major costs are tougher to control. The current volatility and high prices of many of our critical raw materials and products has provided some benefits in the short term, but could ultimately impact us negatively. Higher prices for our finished products are not beneficial long term to our customers or to the growth of our industries. Going forward, as we attempt to maintain margins and market share with our finished products we face the reality of consumer price resistance and food substitution. Maintaining our focus on aspects that we can control, namely quality of product and service, broader product mix and a strong company culture is increasingly important.
As noted in this Annual Report, some divisions posted record revenue and operating income largely due to higher sales prices and, in nearly all segments, volume increases. Revenues increased almost 22% year over year to $4.386 billion with operating income up $297.3 million. Our operations generated $236.5 million in cash after adjusting for capital expenditures and strengthened an already solid balance sheet. We remain in a favorable position to fund increased working capital needs, new investments and continued organic growth. Although it is tempting to deploy our liquid position quickly to improve on current short-term investment returns, we value strong cash reserves and prefer to remain in an opportunistic and flexible position. To create cash flow, long term value and sustainable businesses, we need to be patient and thoughtful as we grow the Company.
A significant accomplishment for our Company in 2010 was our acquisition in December of a 50% voting interest in Butterball LLC. With the Butterball acquisition, we are pleased to be co-owners with the Maxwell Group who has been involved in several agricultural businesses since 1916. As with all business combinations, there is the risk of successfully merging company cultures and philosophies. The transition period with the Maxwell and Butterball Groups has been exceptionally smooth. Sharing similar business principles, priorities and practices give us the confidence that we can be of mutual benefit to one another and bring strength and value to our common interests. Butterball is a company that has tremendous brand recognition, quality products, and a strong customer base supported by focused customer service and disciplined and enthusiastic employees.
As shareholders, I encourage you to seek out Butterball, Prairie Fresh and Daily's products at retailers wherever and whenever you get the chance!
Looking beyond 2010, this may be one of the more challenging years in recent memory for Seaboard and other grain reliant food businesses in the U.S. and worldwide. Beginning in 2005, when Congress enacted the U.S. Energy Policy Act and mandated the compulsory blending of ethanol with gasoline, the battle of food versus fuel was underway. Unfortunately, for consumers in the U.S. and abroad, the expansion of land use to produce enough corn to meet the increased demand from the ethanol mandate without significant price disruption has not taken place. As a consequence, corn and other row crops competing for the same land base have skyrocketed in price.
The U.S. government has not modified its current renewable fuels energy program (in fact, it has moved to increase the mandates) and as a result, prices for grain-based consumer foods have risen dramatically. Meat products are quickly becoming less affordable for most consumers. Domestic per capita consumption of protein has decreased in all meat categories over the last five years and is down over 20% and 15% respectively in the beef and pork sectors since 1980. Sadly, over time, the U.S., with perhaps the best infrastructure and commercial skills to convert grain into value added food products, may lose its competitive edge in the export markets and with high prices, cause further erosion in overall demand.
This period of high unemployment coupled with an economy struggling for normalcy is a troubling time. As we reflect on the health of our agricultural markets and specifically the livestock sector, we must look hard at major reformation of the current legislation coming up for review this year. It is our hope that the U.S. government will see the
2 2010 Annual Report

SEABOARD CORPORATION
Letter to Stockholders
unintended consequences and enormous impact the renewable fuels standard has had on the livestock sector and amend or legislate a more durable and predictable structure for the industry. The current food crisis not only impacts quality of life issues domestically but as we have seen, contributes toward destabilizing nations around the world.
Seaboard Foods is responsible, in large part, for our record results this year. Pork processing margins were unusually high as sales prices accelerated faster than live production costs. In addition, export volumes increased particularly to our higher valued markets in the Far East while domestic volumes nearly kept pace with 2009. With the price of animal feed dramatically rising over the last six months and the expectation that prices will not decline materially over the near term, the entire meat sector has taken a conservative approach on the supply side and this will continue until the federal government brings more clarity to farm program and energy policy. Going forward, as meat prices and government regulation increase, it will be tougher for the industry to maintain volumes, margins and export competitiveness.
As an integrated producer and processor, it is uncertain if we will continue to enjoy historically high processor margins and to weather variable returns on hog production. Seaboard Foods should continue to have greater control over the quality of our raw materials and finished product which is a competitive advantage and key part of our business model. The benefits of our model are many as we deliver safe and consistent high quality products to our customers. We continue to make headway in the retail and institutional markets with enhanced and further processed value added products. With Butterball's strengths in certain categories and markets and Seaboard Foods in others, we should be in an ideal position to better both of these businesses with continued coordination and cooperation. Over time, the distinct skill sets and synergies between these two companies should bring tangible and intangible benefits to both.
Seaboard Marine posted significantly better year over year results with increased revenue and operating income as the global economy gradually recovered from its low levels in 2009. Unit volumes increased approximately 20% while average container rates remained about the same as higher trucking and fuel expenses were more than offset by lower charter rates and terminal costs. Last year, margins suffered as operators tried to maintain volume and market share in a shrinking market. Over the next few years, we expect to implement a fairly aggressive vessel replacement program. We intend to replace many older, less fuel efficient ships with new, more efficient vessels. Our mixture of owned and chartered vessels will also change as we move toward a more modern, specialized, fuel efficient and higher capacity fleet. Over the last several years we have undergone an aggressive capital expenditure program to drive our operating costs lower with infrastructure improvements, cargo handling equipment purchases and software systems. These initiatives should lower our overall cost structure and provide improved service to our client base. In addition, we continue to add or modify existing routes in response to customer demands and particularly where it strengthens our position in the Americas. Although cargo carriage is a basic business, there are many moving parts and coordinating and executing all components is critical in delivering a reliable, flexible and premium service. We continue to perform well in this regard.
The Commodity Trading and Milling Division experienced a year of growth and development as well as good overall operating results. After eliminating the impact of mark-to-market accounting on derivatives and a one time litigation gain in 2009, the division achieved solid earnings growth this year. Third party grain trading had a better year in Latin America while grain processing margins were mixed in both Africa and the Americas. We have added new trade offices in the U.S., Canada and Australia and added to our industrial base in Latin America and Africa. Now, with 13 trading offices and 32 plant locations in 21 countries on five continents, our network of industrial operations and trading offices gives us the leverage and scale to provide our customers multiple choices in origins of supply, a range of raw and processed products and cost competitive positions through our owned and chartered vessel fleet. With this broad base, we have been able to expand into different commodities, including specialty grains and value added products and incrementally add to our regular trade routes. In 2011, we expect to add new commodity channels and routes to the existing trade portfolio. We also continue to look for industrial investment opportunities in value added grain based businesses.
This coming year, with a virtual certainty of historically high commodity prices, we expect heavy price resistance and generally lower margins and volumes on the milling side. We are already seeing this in some locations in West Africa and additional pressure from host governments to reduce product prices to maintain social stability. In Haiti, we plan
2010 Annual Report 3

SEABOARD CORPORATION
Letter to Stockholders
on resuming milling operations later this year after an entire year of downtime for mill reconstruction as a result of the earthquake in January 2010. Overall, although we expect this coming year to be challenging due to volatile and high priced commodities, we will continue to focus on upgrading our supply chain logistics, risk management activities and administrative support system. As a global division with over 45 years in the commodity and milling business in various forms of partnerships, we have a wide and diverse network through which we can analyze various opportunities and build synergistically on our commodity based platform.
Tabacal, our sugar cane production and processing business in northern Argentina performed exceptionally well in 2010. As mentioned in previous annual reports, we have spent considerable sums over the last five years in expanding cane acreage, crushing capacity, distillery functionality and energy production. We now have a modern, efficient and flexible operation which allows us to produce many grades of sugar and alcohol for both fuel and industrial use. With our new co-generation plant expected to come on stream in the 2nd quarter this year, our energy costs should be reduced significantly and our excess power should generate incremental returns for the company.
With state and national elections coming up in October this year, the political and economic issues are crystallizing now in Argentina. Inflationary factors, government price controls and labor issues are some of the major challenges going forward and we are hoping that no major disruption upsets the momentum we are building. That being said, we believe the government understands the ongoing contribution of our company and value of our industry and with our new capabilities and disciplined approach, we feel confident that we will continue to earn respectable returns. Sugar and fuel are close to historic highs and although they may correct to the downside, we believe our costs should enable us to remain profitable.
Operating income for 2010 was 63% higher than last year from $8.2 to $13.4 million as price increases more than offset higher fuel expenses in the Dominican Republic. As mentioned previously, we anticipate closing on the sale of our current power producing assets to a third party in the second quarter of 2011. The two power barges will be replaced by one new 106 MW barge with the capability of burning heavy fuel oil or natural gas. Our net investment in the new 106 MW power barge will be about $55 million after considering the anticipated sale proceeds of $70 million for the existing barges. The new engines will give us the flexibility to produce electricity with either natural gas or heavy fuel oil depending on price and availability of fuel stock. We have a solid infrastructure, good relations with the host government and the industrial private sector and we are optimistic that when we begin commercial operations in 2012, the new power barge will be fully dispatched and will rank among the most efficient power producers in the Dominican Republic. Our expectations are that we will exceed prior year financial results once we begin continuous operations in 2012.
It is with pride and thanks that we deliver these record results for the year and although it is only one in the Company's 83 year history, it is many years in the making. Seaboard is made up of many unique people who have helped shape this Company into a special one as measured not just by financial performance but by product value, customer appreciation and employee satisfaction. For this, I am extremely grateful and appreciative and as shareholders, I hope you are as well. If stockholder’s equity is a reliable measure of financial performance (as some notable investment analysts proclaim), then we haven’t done too badly over the last several years. We will no doubt face some tougher financial times in 2011 but longer term, our selected industries and integrated business model ought to bring some reasonable growth and value to our invested group.
Steven J. Bresky President and
Chief Executive Officer
 4 2010 Annual Report
