2
2013 Annual Report
SEABOARD CORPORATION Letter to Stockholders
Although we posted our fifth successive year of record sales, earnings were below expectations this past year. Pre- tax earnings were off 35% from the prior year and off 14% from our trailing five year average. We posted losses at Seaboard Marine, our marine transportation division and at Butterball, our integrated turkey business. Margins narrowed considerably in our Commodity Trading and Milling division and at Tabacal, our sugar and biofuels business in Argentina. That said, it’s not reasonable to isolate one year’s performance as indicative of the health of the businesses in which we are invested. As we look historically at their financial performance, they have all experienced quite volatile year to year fluctuations and we don’t see this pattern changing over time. Assessing performance over a three to five year horizon is a better indicator of our commodity based businesses’ success.
Looking forward, we expect better results in 2014. Fundamentally, with ample supplies of grain worldwide and potentially tight meat supplies in the US coupled with stable global demand, our grain and protein based businesses should perform well in 2014. For our marine business, we expect more stability and potential increases in overall rates and volumes combined with lower variable costs as a result of route restructurings and vessel sharing agreements. In Argentina, we expect to recover from a short sugar cane crop last year (weather related) and we are hopeful that the government will continue to support the national biofuels program and loosen the reins on their state controlled economy.
Consistent with the last several years, we continue to apply our solid cash flows back into the Company with investments in capital equipment, acquisitions and share repurchases. Over the last five years, we have spent 147% of our average annual depreciation expense by reinvesting in and growing our businesses. As long as we see tangible economic paybacks and value creation through these initiatives, we will continue to support this aggressive capital spending program. By reducing costs and increasing operating efficiencies, we will be in a good position to take advantage of extraordinary margins in all of our major businesses when that time arrives (and it will).
Commodity Trading & Milling
The trading and milling group again achieved record volume and sales. Last year we traded more than 8 million tons of agricultural products into approximately 100 countries. Overall milling and grain trading margins produced mixed results with South America and the Caribbean outperforming the African locations. During the year we enlarged our grain milling footprint with investments in flour milling businesses in Brazil, South Africa and Gambia. These new facilities will add incremental volume, synergies and economies of scale to our business model. At long last, we are replacing our bulk cargo vessel fleet with larger and more cost efficient vessels, including four eco-design sister ships currently being built in China. Going forward, our ocean freight costs should decrease significantly and we will be in a more advantageous position to trade third party cargos with lower operating costs and additional capacity. The group is actively pursuing additional grain processing businesses in Africa, the Americas, the Caribbean and elsewhere. Further, we continue to seek opportunities to expand and modernize our existing milling operations and invest up the value chain in further processed products. That said, our acquisition and expansion efforts are not about growth at all cost. We’ve seen much M&A activity, particularly in Africa, at values that bear little relationship to earnings and unless this changes, we will continue to pursue expansion through organic growth (including greenfield developments) and acquisitions based on sustainable earnings.
We have added a trading office in Canada which will improve our grain origination there and provide additional merchandising opportunities. With ten trade offices in nine countries, we are well positioned for price discovery and trade execution on all key continents. We have also consolidated our grain trading operations with our specialty grains and foods trading operations to maximize the synergies of shared human resources and customers. With the integrated “one team” approach between our trading operations and industrial affiliates, we believe we offer a unique service and expertise to our worldwide customer base.
Seaboard Foods
Seaboard Foods’ vertically integrated model positioned the company well in 2013 as operating income improved approximately 20% over 2012, largely due to higher margins generated from our biodiesel plant and solid pork processing margins. Seaboard Foods’ biodiesel plant began operations in 2008 as an opportunity to add value to by-products generated by Seaboard Foods’ pork plant. Daily’s, our raw and cooked bacon processor in the West, also delivered consistent earnings while the fresh pork operations enjoyed the benefit of higher prices for pork offset by higher grain prices and costs to acquire third party hogs. The outlook for 2014 is favorable. Pork Industry experts predict strong producer and processor margins with lower grain prices, higher per capita consumption in the US and strong product prices worldwide. Although grain prices declined sharply at the end of 2013 and the supply

SEABOARD CORPORATION Letter to Stockholders
outlook for 2014 is favorable, the pork industry faces other challenges, including trade issues on export sales, live production concerns related to PEDV, a virus introduced to the U.S. hog industry in mid-2013 and uncertain regulatory action.
Despite these issues, we remain optimistic about the prospects for Seaboard Foods both near and long-term and continue to make significant investments in this division. Enhancements to the pork processing plant and expansion of live production facilities were recently completed and we continue to invest in alternative fuel programs, rolling stock and other equipment designed to lower operating costs and overall carbon emissions.
Seaboard Marine
2013 was a disappointing year financially as ocean carriers were competing in difficult markets with capacity surpluses, flat to declining container rates and stagnant cargo volumes. Our margins, as a consequence, suffered. In particular, we continue to face strong headwinds in Venezuela due to the economic and political turmoil there which has resulted in marked cargo and revenue declines. The shipping industry remains weak with slow global trade and stubbornly high fuel expenses. With less control over unit revenue, our focus remains on cost reductions in the areas of ship and fuel expense and rationalization of routes. We finished our program of selling our existing vessel fleet and have replaced such tonnage with more modern and fuel efficient chartered vessels. We are moving towards larger but fewer container vessels to gain efficiencies while maintaining our premium service.
Despite our disappointing results, we continue to invest in additional port equipment to improve our cargo handling efficiencies including additional mobile cranes and other cargo transporting equipment. We have recently ordered over 3,000 dry containers to expand and improve the age profile of our container fleet. We successfully negotiated for additional land and upgrades to our terminal with the Ports Authority in Miami. These initiatives and improvements should lower our overall cost structure, increase turnaround times on equipment and maintain our value to our customers.
Tabacal
In Argentina, Tabacal had a good year in both the sugar and alcohol businesses; however, margins were down substantially from 2012. On a national level this was due to a large sugar inventory carryover from the 2012 crop and a challenging economic environment where the peso continued to devalue. Our production costs were up due to drought and early frost that reduced Tabacal’s cane crop and higher personnel costs which grew at the unofficial (real) rate of inflation. These macroeconomic and political factors create an environment where it is increasingly challenging for our management to deliver positive margins but we continue to focus on controlling costs, optimizing the company’s product mix and finding opportunities in this volatile and harsh environment.
We expect 2014 to be another challenging year, but are hopeful that our integrated model, modern facilities and our resourceful and loyal employee base will contribute to Seaboard’s bottom line.
TCC
Our power business in the Dominican Republic achieved record sales in its first full year of operations with the new combined cycle 106 megawatt dual fuel power generation facility. The new power facility continues to perform very well on both natural gas and heavy fuel oil. We continue to explore options for lower cost supplies of natural gas. Our management team continues to focus on maximizing plant availability and minimizing operating costs.
We continue to lease, on a short term basis, one of the power barges we sold in 2011 but without additional demand growth, the leased barge’s margins could decline over time as more efficient generation is introduced on the island. While we achieved record sales in 2013, cash collections lagged and our receivable balance grew. We expect 2014 will bring positive but lower comparable results due to lower selling prices resulting from additional new generation in excess of demand growth.
Butterball
The historically high feed grain prices, along with the integration of an acquired further processing facility proved to be a challenge for Butterball in 2013. Financial performance dropped substantially relative to the prior year, although our long-term expectation for the business remains very positive. In reality, 2013 could have been much worse due to difficult market conditions, but sales and operations initiatives implemented over the past few years more than offset the actual increase in feed grain prices.
2013 Annual Report 3

SEABOARD CORPORATION Letter to Stockholders
Although the Butterball brand is closely tied to the Thanksgiving holiday and the seasonal whole bird business, we believe that the brand has significant untapped potential in the value-added markets. With the acquisition of the further processing facility, Butterball has strengthened its position to continue the development of its product lines and further leverage the brand. The continued development of our value-added business and focus on being a low cost producer are key factors in managing underlying commodity risks going forward, and we feel very good about the business model that is in place and our position as the markets return to normal in the upcoming year. Despite the challenges of the past year, our focus is the vast opportunities that lie ahead and therefore we remain confident in and committed to the future success of this investment.
I would like to thank our customers who value quality and service as much as price, our employees for the energy and pride in building our businesses and upholding our reputation and our long standing shareholders who have been rewarded by the increased price of our stock. It is a great source of pride to know that our reputation is solid in each of our respective businesses. This can only happen through a high level of care, integrity and creativity of our people. The food, energy and transportation businesses are complex and changing rapidly. It is incumbent on us to not only stay current with these changes, but be at the forefront in each of our businesses.
Steven J. Bresky President and
Chief Executive Officer
 4
2013 Annual Report
