2
2014 Annual Report
SEABOARD CORPORATION Letter to Stockholders
In last year’s letter I stressed the importance of not viewing one year’s performance as indicative of future results, perhaps a bit defensively. I think these words still hold true despite the wide difference in financial results from year to year. 2014 was a record year by a fairly wide margin, but I will again caveat that the market dynamics in the divisions that outperformed our expectations are not sustainable year after year. Unless all business segments of the Company perform at their highest levels, it will be several years before we repeat 2014’s financial results. As the boilerplate disclaimer says: “Past performance is no guarantee of future results.”
The good news is that when we review our results over a longer time horizon, there is a trend of increasing and consistent earnings. To gain some perspective on how Seaboard has grown during its 55 years as a public company, consider that in the 23 years from 1960 through 1982, we earned approximately $70 million. In the following 21 years, we earned $572 million and in the last 11 years we earned $2.60 billion, $1.48 billion of which was earned in the last five years. Today, Seaboard has $3.7 billion of assets, $2.7 billion of equity, $527 million of cash and short- term investments and zero long term debt. We are seeing the results of an aggressive growth plan but with a disciplined and conservative plan of execution and a focus on some simple and straightforward goals: quality products and services, high standards in business behavior and durable partnerships with those who share similar principles.
Financially, 2014 was an exceptionally good year. We finished the year with $534 million of income before taxes, $90 million greater than our previous record. The strong results were led by our two meat businesses: Seaboard Foods pork division earned $349 million of operating income and Butterball earned $141 million of operating income ($55 million in our equity pick up). One of the benefits of being invested in various and somewhat distinct businesses is that while we reap the rewards of an advantageous business cycle in one division, we are able to support other divisions that may be temporarily struggling with difficult market conditions outside of their control. This year was no different in that regard. Seaboard Marine had a second consecutive year of losses (although substantially better than in 2013) and the Power division posted lower operating income. Commodity Trading & Milling continued to see narrow margins along with significant start-up losses. Despite these difficulties, we remain committed to these sectors and businesses as evidenced by increased operating and capital expenditure programs in 2015. These investments provide the platform for continued growth, greater efficiencies and improving value to our customers.
Seaboard Foods
Extraordinarily high pork prices and declining input costs on grain helped fuel a record year for Seaboard Foods in every aspect from live production to primary slaughter to further processing. We were not immune to the effects of PEDV, the virus that spread through the pork industry last year, but through good management and a systemic approach, we were able to limit mortality while vaccines were in their infant stage. We increased our case ready business with an excellent co-packing partner which led to a significant increase in these retail sales. In the wholesale and export markets, we maintained our strong position through our consistency in quality and long term customer relationships. We have reinvested in our business with additional finishing barns in our live hog operations, plant equipment and computer technology to add business tools and enhancements to our existing back office systems. We added CNG trucks to our logistics platform in order to expand our clean energy program.
2014 was not just a year of extraordinary financial results but one of significant progress and company development. With the sale of 50% of our interest in Daily’s, our raw and pre-cooked bacon business, we have set the stage for continued growth in our further processing segment. Through our partnership with the Triumph Foods Group, we will be able to better connect our vertically integrated model of pork production and processing with theirs and better secure our raw material supplies of bellies for further processing and value added production. Moreover, we have established a platform from which we can expand our further processing capabilities and capitalize on all the attributes of our supply chain including traceability, food safety, superior quality and consistency in products.
The exceptional year did not spare us from a number of challenges that affected the pork industry. Disease issues (including PEDV discussed above), West coast port strikes, Russian sanctions, Chinese import restrictions, a stronger dollar, and high labor turnover all added to a challenging operating environment. However, with our very strong management team and dedicated work force, we compared favorably in many key industry metrics. Staying true to our overarching objective of producing consistent, high quality, safe and nutritious pork products should help us grow with our loyal and valued customer base.

SEABOARD CORPORATION Letter to Stockholders
Commodity Trading and Milling Division
While the milling and trading business continues to grow in volume (up over 15% over 2013), narrow industry margins in general and larger than anticipated losses in certain locations, caused the division to underperform relative to its earnings potential. Large start-up losses associated with our flour milling investment in Brazil and continued technical problems in the DRC with our industrial bakery investment, depressed an otherwise reasonably good year in trading and milling. Long term, we believe these two specific businesses are strategic and synergistic with good earnings potential and we will support them through these tough but manageable times.
In 2014, we made a small investment in a non-controlling interest in an oilseed crushing business in South Africa. In 2015, in addition to increasing milling capacities in West Africa and Latin America, we are pursuing additional grain origination, grain processing and oilseed crushing worldwide.
Although our timing could be better, we will be taking delivery of four 28,000 deadweight eco-ships specifically designed for our shallow draft ports, mainly in West Africa. Despite the current depressed state of the bulk shipping industry today, we expect over the long term that these ships which will form an integral part of our logistics model and will provide significant value over time.
This division has grown significantly over the last ten years as we have built on our integrated model of grain processing assets combined with our grain trading and logistics. With locations covering 6 continents and 23 countries, we will naturally have growing pains and fluctuating results as each country has its own set of challenges and opportunities. That said, we believe the consistent use of best practices and technical expertise, combined with the efficiencies associated with scale, enhance our ability to compete in each country where we operate.
Seaboard Marine
Seaboard Marine started slowly but improved in the fourth quarter of the year due to lower fuel prices and improving cargo volumes. Overall 2014 was a disappointing year for Marine but we saw a significant improvement from 2013. Although the number of ships in our fleet has decreased, we have increased our net tonnage and container capacity through larger, newer and more efficient vessels. Our competitive advantage in the Caribbean Basin and Latin America is provided by our intimate knowledge and understanding of our customer’s needs which we have built through strong lines of communication over the years. Coupled with our continued emphasis on cost control and personal service, we expect to maintain our strong position in the markets we serve.
The shipping industry has been suffering from prolonged excess capacity and stagnant demand on a global basis and this has resulted in depressed freight rates. Despite these challenges, we continue to be cash flow positive in the markets we serve. As we patiently wait for a rebound in rates, we continue our spending programs to upgrade terminal equipment, install new systems and focus on cost reductions through operating efficiencies. Seaboard has been working internally and with port partners in enhancing gates, terminal land upgrades and berth extensions throughout our international network. We are optimizing our mix of leased and owned dry and reefer containers to match up with demand in the marketplace. In time, industry conditions will improve in our trade lanes and we will be in position to take advantage of this turnaround.
Tabacal
Tabacal, our Argentine sugar and energy company, had another solid year despite many headwinds. The macroeconomic environment for the company is a challenging one, with high inflation coupled with a devaluing currency. Argentina seems mired in political scandals and other issues that hinder economic growth. The local and world sugar markets continue to be oversupplied which has a negative effect on prices. To date, Tabacal has been able to mitigate the effects by leveraging our brand and reputation as a reliable supplier of quality sugar, but if demand continues to deteriorate, our sugar margins will suffer. Our strategy of diversifying the business into fuel alcohol and electricity is working well, and we enjoyed good margins in these businesses in 2014. We were able to deliver more than our quota into the domestic fuel program when it was undersupplied, which helped compensate for decreased margins in the sugar business. Our electrical cogeneration operation sold all of its excess power to the grid and we are actively pursuing other types of biomass to use in our facility so that we can more fully utilize these assets.
2014 Annual Report 3

4
2014 Annual Report
SEABOARD CORPORATION Letter to Stockholders
In addition to more alcohol and electricity generation, we are analyzing options to further diversify our business in Argentina. We believe we can leverage our modern asset base, our excellent management team and our position as one of the main agri-businesses in the north to profitably expand our footprint and to develop the area economically.
TCC
2014 was a year of ups and downs for our power business in the Dominican Republic. While the government regulatory entity aggressively limited the amount of electricity supplied into the power market which put downward pressure on spot electricity rates, the government also funded substantial payments to the sector which allowed our business to significantly reduce the outstanding receivable balances. Declining oil prices during the second half of 2014 also helped reduce power prices and our cost of production, and this benefit will continue into 2015 resulting in significant cash flow savings for the government.
The scale of our power operations shrank during 2014 with our cancellation of the short term lease on one power barge that we had designed and built in 2000, operated for many years, sold, and subsequently leased back from the purchaser. Our technical operations team cared for that power plant for 15 years. I would like to recognize the efforts required to maintain our power assets in peak operating condition over the long term. We have assembled a remarkable team of employees and I would like to thank them for maintaining the highest standards during a difficult transition year.
Butterball
Butterball welcomed Kerry Doughty to the role of CEO in 2014. Kerry brings over thirty years of industry experience, including the last seven with Butterball. He and his colleagues have a lot to be proud of after Butterball earned record profits during the year. Similar to the Foods division, Butterball benefited from decreased feed costs and record turkey prices. I hope as you shop at your local grocery store you notice that Butterball is not only about whole birds on Thanksgiving. We continue to expand our product line and leverage the Butterball brand, while making certain to uphold the quality standards that built the brand value. We have also worked to expand our international presence. Butterball products were shipped to 47 different countries in 2014. Our commitment to best practices was recognized in 2014 as Butterball became the first national branded turkey company to receive certification from the American Humane Association for its Animal Care and Well Being Program.
We are very proud of our investment in Butterball and believe there is plenty of untapped potential going forward. We are confident that management will capitalize on all resources to make this a bigger and better company. You may begin to see Butterball advertisements on your television, in your favorite magazine, or even on the winning car at the Indianapolis 500!
As always, I would again like to thank our customers, first and foremost for valuing quality and service as much as price. We will continue to listen to your needs and will seek to fulfill those requirements as effectively as possible. I thank our employees for their contribution to our breakout year in 2014, for taking such personal and company pride in their work, for striving to continuously improve on yesterday’s achievements, and for helping to make Seaboard what it is today.
 .
Steven J. Bresky President and
Chief Executive Officer
