TO OUR SHAREHOldERS:
At Scripps, we’re always evolving.
We’ve had considerable success creating shareholder
value by identifying — and then capitalizing on — growing media marketplaces.
Whether it’s popular national lifestyle television networks or powerful specialized Internet search businesses, the company’s consistently strong operating results demon- strate our ability to anticipate and get in front of the changing habits of media consumers and advertisers.
The growth Scripps is achieving today is rooted in a decision we made more than a decade ago to change the company’s profile. It started with the creation and launch of HGTV and has continued nonstop with the rapid expansion of our Scripps Networks division.
Important Milestone
Today, Scripps Networks includes HGTV — 100 percent owned by Scripps — our controlling interest in the Food Network, and our ownership of newer lifestyle television brands DIY Network, Fine Living and Great American Country.
Together, our portfolio of lifestyle television networks and their affiliated Web sites generated more than $1 billion in revenue in 2006. That’s an important milestone in an undeniably impressive growth story.
But, the company’s evolution hasn’t stopped with Scripps Networks. We’ve already begun the next phase in the company’s ongoing transformation with our acquisitions of Shopzilla and uSwitch, two leading
Internet search and price comparison businesses. Shopzilla and uSwitch — both powered by efficient
Internet search marketing models — provide the founda- tion for the company’s newly created Scripps Interactive Media division.
With the addition of Shopzilla and uSwitch, and including all of the company’s other 90-plus Web sites, Scripps now routinely ranks among the top 15 U.S. companies doing business on the Internet on a unique visitor basis.
Looked at another way, 64 percent of the company’s combined segment profit in 2006 was generated by our fastest growing operating divisions — Scripps Networks and Scripps Interactive Media.
The success we’ve had transforming Scripps is evident in our consolidated operating results.
Consolidated Results
In 2006, revenue grew 16 percent, year over year, driving a 17 percent increase in income from continuing opera- tions. Total advertising from all of our media enterprises was up 9 percent, while, on a pro forma basis, referral fee revenue from our new interactive media businesses was up an impressive 56 percent.
Net income for the year was $353 million vs. $249 million in 2005, with most of the difference attributable to a write-down of goodwill in 2005 at our former TV retailing subsidiary, Shop At Home.
We opted to divest Shop At Home midway through
  Solid growth at Scripps Networks
The popularity of the company’s national lifestyle networks is driving consolidated growth. Led by HGTV and Food Network, revenue and segment profit at Scripps Networks grew for the 12th consecutive year. Revenue from Scripps Networks topped $1 billion for the first time in the division’s history and contribution to segment profit exceeded a half billion dollars.
The expansion of Scripps Networks, including the development of related, video-rich Internet businesses, is the company’s top priority.
Percentage of Operating Revenue by Network
n 49% HGTV
n 41% Food Network
n 10% DIY Network, Fine Living and GAC
             8
Scripps Networks
(Dollars in millions)
n Segment Revenue n Segment Profit
02 03 04 05 06
125 204
415
535
304
724
414
903
517
1,052

Breakout hits and exciting new personalities
Viewership at HGTV and Food Network continued to grow during 2006 thanks to strong schedules of new programming with lots of personality. HGTV Design Star was the network’s breakout hit of the year, earning
a solid 2.5 rating for the finale of the show’s first season in September. Ten more designers will compete for an HGTV show of their own
during Design Star’s second season which begins in July.
At Food Network, fresh new shows like Ace of Cakes with uncon- ventional host Duff Goldman are attracting younger viewers to primetime. During the fourth quarter of 2006, primetime viewership among adults aged 18 to 34 was up 17 percent at Food Network.
                            the year in 2006 after determining that changing market forces were blocking its path to profitability and were not likely to turn favorable in the near future.
Specifically, poor prospects for sufficient distribution growth for Shop At Home was making it difficult — if not impossible — for us to execute the integrated, home shopping strategy that we had envisioned.
In the end, we decided that it would be unwise to invest the additional time and capital that would have been required to turn the business around. We were able to sell the Shop At Home network and have reached agreement to sell Shop At Home's five affiliated broadcast television stations. When the transaction for the stations is com- pleted during the first half of 2007, we'll have recouped $187 million of our investment in the business.
Scripps Networks
Scripps Networks continues to be the company’s biggest success story.
In 2006, Scripps Networks accounted for 42 percent of the company’s total revenue and 57 percent of combined segment profit, which is the measure we use to evaluate the operating performance of our various media enter- prises. Segment profit, as we define it, excludes interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, divested operating units, restructuring activities, investment results and other items that are included in net income.
Total revenue at Scripps Networks was up 17 percent during the year to $1.1 billion and segment profit grew a very impressive 25 percent to $517 million. HGTV and Food Network, our flagships, are responsible for the lion’s
share of that growth as we’ve successfully monetized the passionate audiences we’re aggregating on air and online.
Combined, operating revenue at HGTV and Food Network reached $938 million, up 16 percent.
Our emerging networks — DIY Network, Fine Living and GAC — also gained significant scale during the year, with combined revenue growing 22 percent to $106 million.
Our Flagships
We’re having tremendous success building audiences for all of our networks, with such breakout hits as
 Rising stars, like Paula Deen, are driving Food Network’s success.
HGTV Design Star and Food Network’s popular “In The Kitchen” block programming, including Rachael Ray’s 30-Minute Meals and Paula’s Home Cooking, featuring
Paula Deen.
Design Star’s success
last summer helped propel HGTV’s overall primetime viewership, which was up
15 percent in 2006 over the prior year.
Food Network’s total-day viewership also improved
during the year, up 12 percent. Viewership growth was particularly strong during Food Network’s “In the Kitchen” dayparts, up 16 percent on weekend mornings and
10 percent on weekday afternoons.
Both HGTV and Food Network now reach about 92 million U.S. television households and have grown to become two of television’s most recognizable brands.
9

Emerging networks that inform, entertain and save time and money
Viewers turn to DIY Network and Fine Living, and their respective Web sites, for useful information that they can apply to everyday life. DIY Inside: The Builders’ Show, hosted by Karl Champley and Amy Devers, takes do-it-yourselfers on a personal tour of the International Builders’ Show, giving them a sneak peek at the latest
 tools, materials and building techniques.
At Fine Living, American Shopper, fueled by the Internet search power of Shopzilla, gives consumers the advice and information they need to make smart buying decisions. American Shopper explores shopping concerns
and compares products and prices.
                            Emerging Networks
The household reach of our newer networks also improved significantly during 2006 with DIY Network and Fine Living both topping 42 million cable and satellite subscribers. GAC’s distribution reached 46 million, up 17 percent from the prior year.
Internet Enterprises
We’re also making great progress establishing our lifestyle brands as preferred Internet destinations.
During 2006, we launched dedicated, video-rich broadband channels that bore deeper into the lifestyle categories targeted by our television networks. So far, we’ve activated broadband channels devoted to kitchen design, bath design, woodworking, crafts, home improve- ment, gardening and landscaping, and automotive.
Video streaming at Scripps Networks Web sites was up a remarkable 39 percent to 90 million video plays during the year, and we expect that number to keep growing in correlation with the increase in
broadband Internet connections. All in, Scripps Networks
Internet enterprises generated HGTV.com, featuring video-rich about $61 million in revenue
HGTV.com is the top content site in the home and garden category.
On television and on the Internet, we’ve succeeded in establishing Scripps Networks as the nation’s leader in lifestyle programming and content.
It’s a competitive advantage that we jealously guard.
Scripps Interactive Media
We’re also participating in the powerful Internet search marketplace with Shopzilla and uSwitch.
Shopzilla is a leading Internet destination in the U.S. for consumers searching for just about any retail product for sale on the Web. We’re also making progress establishing the Shopzilla brand in Germany, France and the United Kingdom.
In the U.S., Shopzilla aggregates and organizes valuable information on more than 35 million products from about 88,000 online merchants. For consumers, Shopzilla saves time and money by instantly delivering accurate and objective search results, comparison pricing information, product reviews and more. For merchants, Shopzilla delivers a steady stream of high-quality leads, often with credit cards in hand. Shopzilla gets paid a fee for each consumer it sends to a participating merchant.
Similarly, in the U.K., uSwitch has established itself as a top destination for consumers who are searching for the best deals on a growing range of essential home services, including electricity, gas, telephone, broadband and personal finance products.
At uSwitch, we take consumers deeper into the transaction, actually helping them complete the switch
  10
broadband channels like HGTV KitchenDesign, averages more than 4 million unique visitors a month.
during 2006, up a very sound 72 percent from the prior year.
FoodNetwork.com and HGTV.com account for a large percentage of the division’s online revenue. On a unique visitor basis, FoodNetwork.com
is the nation’s leading food-related Web site and

Specials like Cracker Barrel’s Songs of the Year Concert are making GAC a favorite television destination for country music lovers. GAC host Suzanne Alexander talked with Trace Adkins before the concert at Nashville’s Schermerhorn Symphony Center.
to the service providers of their choice. Service providers pay uSwitch for each switch that the Web site enables. We’re actively exploring opportunities to extend the uSwitch brand to the U.S. in 2007, most likely with personal finance products.
Revenue for the Scripps Interactive Media division reached $271 million in 2006, which, on a pro forma basis, was about 56 percent ahead of the year before. Segment profit at Scripps Interactive Media reached $68 million.
By acquiring Shopzilla and uSwitch, Scripps has tapped directly into the rapid growth of Internet search as a preferred marketing and advertising alternative. As consumers increasingly gain confidence as online shoppers, a growing number of merchants and service providers are relying on the efficiency and utility of search engine marketing to sell their products and services.
In our view, it made sense for Scripps to get out in front of this rapidly growing trend.
Scripps Television Station Group
Revenue at the Scripps Television Station Group was up 14 percent to $364 million, directly benefiting from spirited election campaigns, particularly in states such as Michigan, Ohio and Florida, where we have market- leading local TV franchises.
Political advertising for the year reached $44 million, a record for Scripps stations during an election year — presidential or non-presidential.
Our stations have done an excellent job positioning themselves as preferred forums for political candidates. Much of that success can be attributed to our decision a few elections ago to begin offering free airtime to responsible candidates for public office. As in previous years, our Democracy 2006 initiative proved the right thing to do from both a civic and business perspective.
Segment profit at our TV station group reached $121 million, up 37 percent.
Scripps Newspapers
At our newspapers, we made progress on many of our top priorities, which included growing advertising share, growing e-media audience and revenue, publishing reader- focused newspapers and growing circulation copies.
Our top newspaper division priority has been to grow our share of advertising business in local markets by beefing up sales staffs, carefully reviewing rates in all of our markets and by introducing new print and online products.
In 2006, our publishers delivered the highest advertising revenue growth in the industry — up 3 percent for the year — despite very difficult market conditions for newspapers.
Empowering consumers online
Shopzilla and uSwitch, the foundation of the Scripps Interactive Media division, organize volumes of consumer information on products and services, making it easy for shoppers to find what they’re searching for at the best prices. Both are premier, online comparison shopping services that efficiently tap the global marketing power and utility of Internet search.
                              WXYZ-TV is Detroit’s clear leader in local news.
In addition to our national networks and Internet search businesses, the company’s 2006 consolidated results were favorably affected by the strong return of political advertising revenue at our local TV stations. Scripps TV stations also benefited early in the year from ABC’s broadcast of the Super Bowl and NBC’s coverage of the Winter Olympics.
                                      11

Building on the brand strength of local media franchises
The percentage growth in online revenue at Scripps news- papers led the industry in 2006, as the company focused on its priority to capitalize on the Web’s potential as a local media platform. The company has received industry accolades for creating award-winning local Web sites like naplesnews.com at the Naples (Fla.) Daily News and knoxnews.com at the Knoxville (Tenn.) News Sentinel. Both were honored in January 2007 with top Digital Edge Awards by the Newspaper Association of America.
In addition to award-winning news, weather, traffic and sports, Scripps television stations (six ABC and three NBC) are dependable sources for quality network television
programming, like ABC’s hit, “Grey’s Anatomy.”
         Newspaper online revenue topped $34 million during the year, reflecting the rapidly growing number of readers and advertisers who are discovering the value of local news and information on the Internet. During 2006, online advertising revenue grew 51 percent while our online audience grew 48 percent.
During 2006, we developed benchmarks to ensure that our newspapers were focused on readers' needs with the introduction of the Scripps net promoter score. We intend to use this as a valuable long-term gauge of our success at publishing products our readers find most valuable and engaging.
Our daily and Sunday circulation levels were down slightly for the year, but again were down less than our industry peers, reflecting our publishers' focus on the nuts and bolts of sound circulation-building practices such as improved customer service levels, improved collection techniques and more efficient sales programs.
While ad revenues grew, newspaper division segment profit was held back primarily due to lower equity earnings from newspapers operated under joint operating agree- ments and other partnerships.
Equity earnings from JOA newspapers and other partnerships were $42 million compared with $51 million the previous year.
In Denver, Scripps and our partner, MediaNews Group, are nearing completion of a project to consoli- date production operations.
When completed, our newspaper, the Rocky Mountain News, and MediaNews Group’s Denver Post, will be printed and distributed more efficiently from a single facility. We
expect the project to save the Denver Newspaper Agency more than $20 million in annual production costs.
United Media
At United Media we continued to benefit in 2006 from the evergreen popularity of the
  12
Peanuts comic strip and characters. United Media generated $95 million in revenue and contributed $13 million to segment profit.
Community and Philanthropy
The enduring popularity of the Peanuts characters drives licensing and syndication revenue at United Media.
It’s also important to us at Scripps to give back to the communities and audiences we serve.
The annual Scripps National Spelling Bee, which we administer on a not-for-profit basis in partnership with newspapers and other local sponsors from across the globe, promotes literacy and academic excellence.
The high-profile event continues to grow in popularity and will be showcased again in 2007 during a primetime broadcast on the ABC Television Network. The Bee’s championship rounds went primetime on ABC in 2006, with great reviews.
The Scripps Howard Foundation, the philanthropic arm of the company, promotes journalism education and a wide range of philanthropic projects that benefit the communities served by our media businesses. During 2006, the Foundation strengthened its long-term relation- ship with Ohio University with a $15 million gift to the school’s Scripps College of Communication.

Championing literacy and higher education
The ABC Television Network and ESPN teamed to broadcast the championship rounds of the 2006 Scripps National Spelling Bee on June 1. More than 14 million television viewers were watching ABC in primetime when 13-year-old Katharine “Kerry” Close was declared champion after correctly spelling the word “ursprache.” Television coverage of the competition began earlier that
   day on ESPN, which has been broadcasting the Bee since 1994. The Scripps National Spelling Bee is the nation’s largest and longest running educational promotion.
                                  Financial Condition
As Scripps continues to evolve, we’re happy to report that the company’s financial condition is sound. Our balance sheet is strong and the company is well- positioned for growth.
Debt at the end of 2006 stood at $766 million, down from $826 million at the end of 2005, despite funding the uSwitch acquisition during the first quarter of the year. The company’s modest level of long-term debt, at about one times segment profit, gives us the flexibility to execute our growth strategy.
Capital expenditures in 2006 were $105 million.
Looking ahead, our top strategic priority continues to be the expansion of Scripps Networks. We believe investing in the valuable television and interactive brands we’ve created is a wise use of the company’s resources.
With Shopzilla and uSwitch, we’ll be capitalizing on
Charles E. Scripps, 1920-2007
Building on a philanthropic partnership that began 40 years ago, the Scripps Howard Foundation presented Ohio University’s Scripps College of Communication with a $15 million gift to support a growing curriculum of programs, technological
improvements and scholarships. The Foundation’s total support for OU since funding its first scholarship in 1966 has grown to $20 million.
growing consumer acceptance of online shopping and the efficiency of Internet search.
And, we’re focused on building industry-leading local media franchises around our daily newspapers and broadcast television stations.
As always, we consider it a privilege to be guiding your company during an era of such great change and opportunity.
Our pledge to you is that the interests of our share- holders and the long-term growth of the company are always central to our capital allocation decisions and the strategic direction we’ve chosen for the enterprise.
Sincerely,
William R. Burleigh
Chairman
Kenneth W. Lowe
President and Chief Executive Officer
   It was with great sadness that we bid farewell to Charles E. Scripps, who for more than four decades served as chairman of The E. W. Scripps Company. Mr. Scripps died Feb. 3, 2007, in Naples, Fla., at the age of 87. Mr. Scripps’ long tenure as head of the company founded in 1878 by his grandfather, Edward W. Scripps, was marked by dramatic expansion into new businesses and impressive financial growth.
As board chairman from 1953 until 1994, he presided over the company’s growth as a newspaper publisher and its entry into other forms of media, including broadcast television, cable TV systems, cable TV networks and the Internet. Simultaneously, he served as trustee of The Edward W. Scripps Trust — controlling shareholder of the company — and was chairman of the Trust from 1948 until 2004.
“To carry the family name is to carry the responsibility for quality and innovation in an ever-changing media environment,” Mr. Scripps once said. “The E.W. Scripps Company has survived because it embodies the entrepreneurial spirit of its founding father.”
When asked to identify a guiding principle, Mr. Scripps said, “It’s simple, really. Just look at the direction you’re going and ask: ‘Can we be proud of that?’” Looking at the life and many accomplishments of Charles E. Scripps, one finds much of which to be proud.
 13
