To our Shareholders:
When we launched HGTV 10 years ago we set into motion a powerful agent for change that has transformed The E.W. Scripps Company into America’s leader in lifestyle television programming.
During 2004, Scripps Networks, driven by the tremendous popularity of HGTV and Food Network, surpassed the company’s newspaper division in terms of total revenue and segment profit, evidence of the company’s 126-year commitment to continuous evolution.
Since passing that milestone, we’ve added to our growing portfolio of national networks with the acquisition of Great American Country; launched HGTVPro.com, our first video-rich channel designed completely for broadband Internet distribution; and continued to invest in our developing networks —
DIY Network and Fine Living — which are rapidly becoming powerful brands
in themselves.
We’ve also been busy developing original content that’s specifically designed for other emerging media platforms, including high-definition television channels, video-on-demand services and the fast-growing range of mobile video devices.
Regardless of the medium, Scripps is creating real returns for its shareholders by consistently delivering quality content that provides Real Ideas for Real Life. We like to think of it as reality media, Scripps style — entertaining, informative and above all, high in utility.
At all of our media businesses we’re creating innovative marketplaces for ideas and commerce. The success of our focused strategy is evident in the company’s strong financial performance.
Consolidated results
Total revenue reached $2.2 billion, up 16 percent over 2003. Net income was $304 million, or $1.84 a share, compared with $271 million, or $1.66 a share, in the prior year. We think it’s important to note that we accomplished that level of growth while investing internally in our newer, growing businesses.
Total Operating Revenues (Dollars in billions)
           Scripps Networks
G Segment Revenue G Segment Profit
(Dollars in millions)
                 35
00 01 02 03 04
69 76
296 337
00 01 02
1.65 1.39
125
415
1.54
1.88
204
535 03 724 04
304
2.17

Scripps Networks
The incredible brand power and popularity of Scripps Networks is driving the company’s growth. Broad distribution of HGTV and Food Network, combined with solid prime-time and total-day viewership, has translated into dramatically higher revenue from advertising sales and fees paid by cable and satellite operators to carry our valuable networks.
Operating revenue at HGTV and Food Network, combined, rose 33 percent to $672 million in 2004, while the contribution to segment profit from the two networks jumped a healthy 41 percent to $338 million. The strong financial performance, we believe, is a direct result of our calculated investment in original programming, network distribution and brand awareness.
With HGTV and Food Network as our cornerstones, Scripps Networks
in 2004 accounted for 45 percent of total segment profits (excluding Shop at Home losses and corporate expenses) and 33 percent of total revenue. Even with our investment in developing networks and new content services, Scripps Networks segment profit was up 49 percent for the year.
Segment losses related to the development of DIY and Fine Living moderated during the year ($29.7 million vs. $36.2 million in 2003). We’re currently anticipating that DIY will have its first profitable quarter in the fourth quarter of 2005. Even with the addition of GAC, losses at our developing networks are expected to be about even with 2004.
Great American Country
The acquisition of GAC has been smooth. We completed the transaction in November, and since have been busy exploring all of the opportunities that this addition brings to Scripps and its shareholders.
Our first priority at GAC has been to build on the popularity of its country music format and its established brand identity by leveraging the deep resources of our Scripps Networks ad sales and distribution teams. We’re already seeing some very encouraging results and anticipate being able to drive top-line growth significantly from 2004 levels.
We’re also exploring some programming ideas that will leverage our lifestyle content expertise in a way that enhances GAC’s country music format. We’re think- ing about short-form programming that complements the music videos and targets a range of Americana topics. We believe GAC is an excellent fit for Scripps.
While we’re more than pleased with the growth and financial performance of all of our national networks, we’re not content to sit still. We’re actively exploring ways to “mine” the content and consumer categories that we dominate on television by developing content services for emerging media platforms.
G HGTV and
G Food Network
Distribution*
(Millions of Households)
           *Homes reached are according to Nielsen Homevideo Index.
G DIY Network G Fine Living G GAC
Distribution*
(Millions of Households)
           36
*Homes reached are according to Nielsen Homevideo Index with the exception of DIY and Fine Living which are not yet rated by Nielsen and represent comparable estimates by Scripps.
02 03 04
13
02 26 03 31 04
80 85
02
03
04 25
02 03 04
24
27
13
02
03
04 86
20
78 83
37
87

     Shop at Home Revenue* (Dollars in millions)
HGTVPro.com
In January 2005 we launched HGTVPro.com, a video-rich business-to-business, broadband resource for the homebuilding industry. During its first month, HGTVPro.com attracted nearly 400,000 unique visitors, making it the single most-visited Web site in its targeted shelter category.
Just as we have done with our cable networks, we’ve created an innovative marketplace for a targeted category that we believe is vastly underserved on a fast-growing media platform. We think HGTVPro.com has considerable potential to be our next big idea. We’re anticipating a modest $7 million to $9 million investment to develop HGTVPro.com and a handful of other emerging media content services in 2005.
Expanding Scripps Networks has been — and will continue to be — the company’s top strategic priority. That includes our plans to establish a pure electronic commerce platform at the Shop at Home network that complements all of our lifestyle media brands.
Shop at Home
We gained 100 percent control of Shop at Home early in 2004 when we completed our acquisition of Summit America Television. We also accelerated our plan to shift the mix of retail products at Shop at Home to sync up more closely with the consumer categories served by our lifestyle networks.
Sales of “home solutions” products increased from 8 percent to 10 percent of Shop at Home’s total revenue this year. That includes products in categories such as “total home,” “kitchen” and “home décor.” We’re also taking advantage of some of our star power, calling on HGTV’s craft guru Carol Duvall and DIY’s radio-controlled hobby enthusiast, Chris Chianelli, to put their knowledge and expertise to work at Shop at Home.
Improvement in the quality and selection of retail products available at Shop at Home helped drive top-line growth. Sales at Shop at Home were up 23 percent in 2004. Losses at Shop at Home were $22 million in 2004, even with the prior year. The losses represent deliberate strategic spending by the company to shift the product mix, make needed improvements to strengthen the core business and to recruit a top-notch electronic retail management team. Losses at Shop at Home are projected to decrease in 2005 as we bring our electronic commerce strategy into focus.
While Scripps Networks and Shop at Home are center stage in our dramatic growth story, our valuable local media businesses — newspapers and broadcast television stations — continue to play integral roles.
 *2002 revenue is on a
pro forma basis as if the company had owned Shop at Home for the full year. Shop at Home was acquired in October, 2002.
    37
02 03 04
213 238
293

Newspapers
Our newspapers are leading media franchises in the markets they serve. Each is a valuable resource for local news and information that media consumers won’t find anywhere else.
In addition to relevant and engaged daily newspapers, we’ve developed complete content and advertising services on the Web and we’re publishing a growing range of related print products that have helped us protect market share. In many of our newspaper markets we’re publishing new zoned editions and sections, youth-oriented and Hispanic language publications, free-distribution total market coverage products, direct mail advertising and more.
While our newspapers routinely garner state and national awards for journalistic excellence, their financial performance during 2004 continued to be held back
by the tepid national economy, a slower than anticipated recovery in newspaper advertising and rising newsprint prices. The consolidation in the retail department store business also has affected newspaper results as we work harder — and spend more — to generate new retail advertising business to replace the higher margin department store advertising business that we’ve lost. Total advertising revenue for the Scripps newspaper group rose a modest 2.7 percent year-over- year, but, because of the combined effect of the previously mentioned factors, segment profit was down 8.5 percent.
The same economic trends are holding back results in Denver where our newspaper — the Rocky Mountain News — is in a 50-50 joint operating agreement with Media NewsGroup’s newspaper, The Denver Post. Ad sales in Denver continue to muddle because of the slow recovery in the local economy. Segment profit from our newspapers in joint operating agreements were flat compared with 2003.
On a positive note, during 2004 all of our newspapers — including Denver — experienced a rebound in help-wanted classified advertising from the recession level depths of the prior two years. The help-wanted recovery has continued into 2005.
Strategically at our newspapers, we’ll be looking for opportunities to build our franchises in growing markets, especially in Florida, where we already have a presence serving the 70-mile stretch of the Atlantic Treasure Coast and the fast-growing Naples and Collier County market.
We’ll also continue to manage our newspapers efficiently to generate maximum sustainable free cash flow, which we use, in part, for the organic, internal development of newer, faster-growing businesses. Newspapers are the solid foundation on which we’ve built this enterprise. We are committed to and firmly believe in their future.
Newspaper Advertising Revenue by Category (Dollars in millions)
G Classified 39% G Local Retail 30% G Preprint /Other 24%
          G National Total
7% $ 557
 38

Broadcast TV Advertising Revenue by Category (Dollars in millions)
G Local
G National G Political
Total
Broadcast Television
Our other local media business — broadcast television — had a solid 2004 thanks to the spirited presidential election campaign, especially in the key swing states of Florida and Ohio. We have the good fortune of operating market-leading stations in some of the most attractive markets in both states, including West Palm Beach, Cleveland and Cincinnati.
Political advertising revenue at Scripps stations reached $41.5 million in 2004, which was 20 percent higher than the level of campaign spending at our stations during the presidential election campaign in 2000. As they have now for several election cycles, Scripps stations offered free air time to candidates during the cam- paign. About 200 local, state and federal candidates for public office accepted the offer, using a total of 1,682 minutes in the days leading up to the primary and general elections. Our free airtime initiative —called Democracy 2004 —enhances the repu- tation that our TV stations have for being preferred forums for political discourse.
With the boost from political advertising revenue, our TV stations contributed $108 million to segment profit in 2004, up 27 percent from the previous year. Total broadcast TV revenue rose 13 percent to $342 million. The challenge for our TV stations in 2005, of course, will be the same as it always has been during off-election years — overcoming the relative absence of political advertising.
Strategically, we’re rededicating ourselves to capitalizing on our TV station group’s strengths. We’re focusing on winning in those areas where local TV excels as an immediate mass medium — breaking news, weather, traffic and sports. At all of our stations, we’re meeting growing viewer demand for higher quality morning news programming.
Like our newspapers, our TV stations are important elements in the total diversified media equation at Scripps. We intend to fully capitalize on the continuing demand for local broadcast television.
United Media
Finally, our smallest operating subsidiary — United Media — continues to benefit from the durable popularity of the Peanuts comic strip franchise. Licensing of Peanuts-related products and services, especially in Asia, continues to fortify United Media as one of America’s leading syndicator and licensor of creative properties.
Financial condition
By just about every measure, 2004 was another good year for Scripps shareholders. In September, we completed a two-for-one stock split — the first since the company went public in 1988 — demonstrating our confidence in the company’s
long-term potential for growth.
 56% 31% 13%
$ 326
               39

  William R. Burleigh (left) and
Kenneth W. Lowe
We ended the year with an excellent balance sheet, with modest long-term debt that we believe gives us the flexibility to execute the company’s overall growth strategy. Total long-term debt stood at a comfortable $533 million, even after our acquisitions of Summit America Television and Great American Country.
Capital expenditures for 2004 were about $77 million as we completed a new production facility for our Florida Treasure Coast Newspapers. Looking ahead to 2005, we’re getting ready to build a new plant for our newspaper in Naples, Fla., and are planning another expansion at Scripps Networks headquarters in Knoxville to accommodate the rapid growth of the business. Capital expenditures for 2005 are expected to be between $100 million and $110 million.
Put it all together and you have a dynamic, diversified media company that has carved out an identity that’s uniquely its own. Our focus traditionally has been on long-term, sustainable growth of the company and the creation of real return and real value for our shareholders.
As a Scripps shareholder, you should know that we place the highest priority on the disciplined allocation of the company’s free cash flow. We’ll continue to scan the horizon for strategic acquisitions that make sense for Scripps and we’ll be investing in the internal development of our promising new media businesses.
It’s a privilege to be guiding this great company at this exciting point in its long and successful history. Thank you for the confidence you’ve placed in us and the entire management team at Scripps.
Sincerely,
William R. Burleigh Chairman
Kenneth W. Lowe
President and Chief Executive Officer
         40
