                                 Writing this in early 2010, I must admit to a certain degree of relief that 2009 is behind us. Details of the severe, recession-related pressures faced last year by our industry, our clients, and our Company have been well reported and need not be recounted in detail here. The impact on SunTrust’s financial performance—notably higher credit costs, softer fee income, and generally weak loan demand—ultimately caused a loss of $3.98 per share for the year. There is no way to minimize my disappointment in this result—recession or no recession. The fact that our entire industry experienced the negative earnings impact of the turbulent operating environment does not make it any more palatable to report to you.
As difficult as 2009 was, the year ended on a more encouraging note than it began. Fears of a global financial meltdown largely receded following coordinated efforts to restore stability to financial markets. In the US, indications that the recession is behind us are increasingly credible, and there are even signs of improvement in the housing market. This is all welcome news, and it augurs well for SunTrust’s post-recession prospects.
Positive signals notwithstanding, we are tempered in our optimism. The economy is far from strong, and there is uncertainty in the outlook. Asset quality, revenues, and ultimately earnings improvement will need time to gain traction. That timing is largely dependent upon the strength and sustainability of the economic recovery coupled with the increasing effectiveness of our efforts to grow the business. While our business was negatively affected by the recessionary environment and borrowers’ intense focus on reducing leverage, SunTrust supported its clients and communities through the extension of approximately $90 billion in new loan originations, commitments and renewals of commercial and consumer loans during the year.
The operating environment for banks is also cloudy in terms of the legislative and regulatory framework within which we will be operating. The financial services industry is poised at the brink of a new relationship with our rulemakers. It is not clear at this point what changes there will be and how they will affect the way we do business. We fundamentally agree with the idea that certain regulatory reforms are needed and could contribute to a more smoothly functioning financial
system, which is in everyone’s best interest. But, to borrow a phrase, the devil is in the details. Our hope is that specific legislative measures will be thoughtful, responsible, inclusive, and augment the industry’s ability to continue to support our communities, finance individual dreams, and help contribute to national economic growth. We are working with others in our industry, and with government officials in Washington, DC, to encourage the development of responsible reform legislation.
Looking beyond Washington, our teammates are serving our clients, running our businesses more efficiently, and executing the strategies aimed at making sure we are well positioned competitively to take full advantage of post-recession growth opportunities. To that end, we are improving service quality and front-line execution. We continue to be focused on controlling expenses and managing risk. We are thinking in new ways and sharing ideas across the organization. In time, we are confident that the positive impact of these efforts will be reflected in our results.
The details of our 2009 financial results are presented in the 10-K that comprises the bulk of this annual report. I will spend the balance of this letter outlining the strong, stable foundation upon which we believe we can drive improved performance. We are pursuing initiatives designed to deliver that improved performance now and as the economy recovers.
A STRONG FOUNDATION
As we see it, the elements that comprise SunTrust’s strong foundation are our large and well-diversified franchise, solid capital, excellent liquidity, and relative credit strength.
Large and Well-Diversified Franchise
In terms of growth potential, SunTrust’s southeastern and mid-Atlantic footprint is arguably the best in banking with projected population growth well above the national average. We have built strong market share in some of the highest growth markets in the country. We tend to focus our presence around the larger metropolitan areas, and we believe that we are well diversified within our footprint, which includes a strong presence in Florida that historically has contributed positively to our growth
1
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS
 SUNTRUST 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

                                 and credit quality. While Florida has been hard hit by the current recession, we believe the state’s long-term prospects are favorable and that it will continue to be an attractive market for the same reasons it was before the recession.
Our relationship-based operating model allows us to effectively meet the evolving needs of our clients. We are building loyalty by understanding client preferences and aligning our business to respond. We believe that we have the optimal breadth and depth of products and services to retain clients and attract new ones.
Strong Capital, Excellent Liquidity
We successfully completed capital actions that created even stronger capitalization and complied with the new rules established by the Federal Reserve under the Supervisory Capital Assessment Program. While disappointed that we were required to raise common capital at arguably the deepest part of the recession with depressed stock prices, the transactions were exceedingly successful. Given our current capital and liquidity, we are well positioned to repay TARP funds when regulatory approval is received.
Regrettably, as we looked at all the ways necessary to preserve capital in light of the recession, the uncertainty created by it, and the related pressure on SunTrust’s earnings and capital, we made the decision to reduce our quarterly dividend to $0.01 per common share. This decision was extremely difficult and made only after significant evaluation and deliberation. We did what was necessary, and we believe prudent, to preserve and generate the appropriate amount of capital. I can assure you that we are looking forward to the time when we can begin increasing the dividend.
With respect to liquidity, we have a diversified funding base with stable core deposits providing the majority of SunTrust’s funding. We benefited from a sizeable increase in deposits in 2009. Further, the composition of the growth has been favorable with a large increase in lower cost demand deposits. There are strong indications that our efforts to grow deposit-based clients at a greater rate than our competitors contributed to this outcome and that it was not simply a function of broader economic forces.
Credit Quality
Despite the obvious—and in 2009, severe—credit deterioration that comes with an economic downturn, we believe that our mix of products, geographies
with solid long-term growth profiles, and historically conservative underwriting are key elements in our relative credit strength. The conservative nature of our portfolio is evidenced, for example, by the fact that we have no
subprime or option ARM loans, a small credit card portfolio, and low levels of unsecured loans to consumers and small businesses.
Our loan portfolio is well diversified by borrower type, purpose, and collateral. The largest concentration is in consumer loans and lines of credit secured by residential real estate. This product concentration, coupled with our Florida market share, has produced the majority of the asset quality issues so far in this downturn. We remain committed to this business though, obviously, adjustments have been made. Not only has it historically been a profit driver for us, but it also provides opportunities to expand and to deepen our relationships with clients.
We also have a conservative commercial loan portfolio that has continued to perform relatively well throughout this cycle. We have successfully reduced exposure to higher risk loan categories, such as construction loans, while continuing to experience stable performance in the rest of the commercial portfolio.
Further, we maintain significant loan loss reserves.
We continuously monitor the credit quality of our loan portfolio and maintain an allowance for loan and lease losses sufficient to absorb current probable and estimable losses inherent in our loan portfolio. We are committed to the timely recognition of problem loans and to maintaining an appropriate and adequate reserve against future losses.
GROWTH INITIATIVES
Building on the strong foundation outlined above, we are actively implementing a variety of growth initiatives to improve performance. Changes that we have already implemented—from reducing expenses to more closely aligning our service offerings with clients’ needs—have not only given us an advantage in managing through the current economy, but also provide a springboard for moving forward. Specific programs of note are aimed
at further enhancing the client experience, improving efficiency, and optimizing the balance sheet and business mix. All of this was built upon fundamental principles such as a conservative risk posture.
Client Focus
We believe that enhanced client service, including making it easier and more efficient to do business with us, is critical to driving revenue growth and improved shareholder value. Over the past several years, we have undertaken
a deep look at our internal activities and processes
to identify new ways to improve our efficiency and effectiveness in serving clients. Specific initiatives move beyond quick fixes to improve client satisfaction and get
2
 SUNTRUST 2009 ANNUAL REPORT

                                 to the drivers that build loyalty by understanding individual client preferences and aligning our business model to respond. We are investing in technology, in better understanding clients’ needs, in more effectively leveraging teammates’ knowledge, in enhanced training and development opportunities, and in delivering on our brand promise to help our clients “Live Solid.” We are pleased with the results to date and encouraged by the momentum we have created in our ongoing efforts to enhance client satisfaction.
Leaner and More Efficient
Today’s SunTrust is a leaner, more efficient, and more productive organization than at any time in recent history. We exceeded our stated goal of achieving more than $600 million in run-rate savings during 2009, which is over 12% of our 2006 noninterest expense base. During this timeframe, we significantly lowered office space utilization and reduced overall full-time staff, while increasing hiring in key revenue-generation and risk areas.
We are committed to producing ongoing and sustainable savings that will result in a more efficient organization and one that is easier to do business with, both externally and internally. We expect that this discipline will enable restrained expense growth and greater operating leverage as revenue improves in the future.
Balance Sheet and Business Mix Management
The final component of our growth initiatives I’d like to note is a continuing effort to optimize the balance sheet and business mix. We have been proactively taking actions since 2006 to deleverage and improve the profitability of the balance sheet. In the early stages of these initiatives, we focused mostly on reducing the securities portfolio and on the sale of mortgage, student, and corporate loans. More recently, we have been focused on the liability side of the balance sheet given the increase in deposits and liquidity. For example, we have actively managed down higher cost deposits including brokered deposits and certificates of deposit.
Further, we have focused resources on business mix management and also continued our deliberate approach to selectively growing or shrinking certain loan classes in order to achieve appropriate balance between risk and return. For instance, we have been decreasing the construction portfolio and have selectively sought to grow other categories such as consumer, commercial and industrial, and more recently, indirect auto as pricing improved.
So what does all this mean? We believe that when you step back and consider the long-term economic prospects of our markets, our strong capitalization, our relative credit strength, and our growth initiatives, it all says
that we are positioned well to deliver steadily improving returns as we come out of this cycle. And though some things, notably the economic and regulatory environment, are ultimately out of our control, I believe we are doing a good job of controlling those things that we can control.
Going forward, we are in a better position to satisfy our clients and our shareholders. Our team has never been stronger, our strategy never better, and our client loyalty never higher. As new challenges arise and new competition surfaces, opportunities to truly differentiate the SunTrust brand and experience will be created. The SunTrust team, the individuals who execute our strategies across our organization, are doing the things that make it possible
to look beyond the current operating environment with a reasoned and realistic sense of confidence.
We are strongly encouraged by the prospect of an improving economy, by the strong foundation we have created, and by the traction we are gaining from our initiatives. On behalf of our management team and our Board of Directors, I would like to express appreciation to all of my SunTrust teammates for their dedication to our institution and to our clients. It is that dedication that will help drive our future performance.
Finally, I wish to thank our shareholders for your continued support during a very difficult year. We are committed to delivering a higher level of performance in the future. As we see it, the future begins now.
JAMES M. WELLS III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 16, 2010
3
  SUNTRUST 2009 ANNUAL REPORT
