                                To Our Shareholders
For SunTrust, 2012 marked a year in which we made meaningful improvements in our financial performance and generated substantial momentum in key operational areas. Against a backdrop of a slowly recovering economy and headlines about fiscal concerns and the European debt crisis, we executed strategic plans that fostered growth and improved our corporate and competitive positions.
We capitalized on revenue opportunities and improved our efficiency, realizing benefits from our ongoing investments and efforts to transform our businesses for long-term success. Efficiency improvements, technology upgrades, client loyalty initiatives, talent acquisitions, and the build-out of key businesses contributed to our positive operating trends. Furthermore, we took definitive actions to strengthen our balance sheet and improve our risk profile. Credit quality improved significantly, and credit-related expenses began to abate.
The result of all of this was increasingly improved performance over the course of the year.
As I look toward the future, I’m optimistic about our prospects and ability to leverage the work we have done over the last several years. Our company is strong and, I believe, exceedingly well positioned. Further, while I wouldn’t yet characterize the overall economy as recovered, we did see improvements in the majority of our markets over the course of the year — most notably in housing — which makes our opportunity even brighter.
 suntrust banks, inc. 2012 annual report

                                2012 Financial Highlights
• Earnings per average common diluted share of $3.59 compared to $0.94 in 2011. 2012 earnings included $1.40 per share from a series of strategic actions announced in September that improved our risk profile and strengthened our balance sheet. Excluding these actions, our core earnings more than doubled.
• The advantages of SunTrust’s diverse business model were evident throughout the year. While the low interest rate environment presented challenges for banks to meaningfully grow net interest income, strength in our noninterest income led to increased overall revenue.
• Concurrently, expenses were tightly managed and essentially stable over the prior year. This was aided by the successful, and early, completion of our 2011 commitment to eliminate $300 million from our expense base.
• The multi-year improvement in our credit metrics also continued — and in many instances accelerated — in 2012. Most notable was an almost 50% year-over-year decline in nonperforming loans.
• Core lending and deposit trends were favorable as evidenced by 6% growth in both average loans and average lower-cost deposits.
• Lastly, capital continued to grow, and the Tier 1 common equity ratio reached an all-time high of 10%.
The result of our proactive efforts to improve our competitive position was apparent in the favorable trends in our primary business segments.
Consumer Banking and Private Wealth Management
• A hallmark of SunTrust is our service quality and the client loyalty that it garners. During 2012, SunTrust again earned the #1 ranking in client loyalty among retail consumers. Recognizing that clients also value the convenience of self- service offerings, we completed the installation of more than 1,700 ATMs with deposit imaging capabilities and introduced SunTrust Mobile Deposit — both of which have resulted in significant increases in users and transactions.
• Core lending and deposit trends were also favorable for this business segment; average noninterest-bearing deposits increased 20% from 2011, and average loan balances were up 5%.
3

                                Wholesale Banking
• This business segment generated record revenue and net income in 2012, which reflects the success of our holistic approach toward meeting the needs of our business clients.
• Revenue increased by 8%, driven by increased capital markets fees and higher net interest income associated with loan growth and favorable deposit trends.
• This revenue growth, together with improved credit quality, led to net income in 2012 that was more than double that of 2011.
Mortgage Banking
• During 2012 we originated more than $32 billion in mortgage loans, an almost 40% increase from 2011, helping over 128,000 borrowers buy or refinance a home.
• We also received external recognition for our customer service in both mortgage servicing and origination. In the J.D. Power and Associates 2012 Primary Mortgage Servicer Study,SM SunTrust ranked third in overall satisfaction, and in the 2012 Primary Mortgage Origination Study,SM SunTrust ranked fifth in overall satisfaction.
A complete review of our 2012 performance follows this letter, and I invite your attention to those details.
Looking forward, we are building a more effective and efficient company and we expect to continue to grow by leveraging the momentum we have generated. We have a strong foundation, intensity across the organization is high, and we are focused on executing our strategic priorities to drive continuing improvement in our core performance.
Strategic Priorities
The first strategic priority is to continue to optimize the balance sheet and business mix. Our efforts in this area have been centered on managing down our concentration of real estate-related loans while growing targeted portfolios. In 2009, nonguaranteed mortgages, home equity, commercial real estate, and construction loans totaled one-half of our portfolio. Today, those categories are down $13 billion to 36% of our portfolio. During that same period, we more than offset this decline with growth in targeted loan categories, including commercial and industrial and consumer, which are up a combined $18 billion. Achieving better diversification in our business mix, particularly
 suntrust banks, inc. 2012 annual report

                                within the context of expanding our Wholesale Banking business, is a key to our future growth. We have built a premier middle market investment banking franchise, have strong and expandable relationships with our commercial clients, and are optimistic about our prospects in our commercial real estate business.
At the same time we are working to deepen our share of wallet and increase market share across our segments. This includes growing our relationships with existing clients, particularly consumers, by leveraging the industry-leading client loyalty we have built. To that end, we are improving sales management, investing in the tools our teammates need to increase productivity, augmenting our team with top talent, and making certain enhancements to our product suite. In addition to meeting more of our clients’ needs, the profitability potential with this is compelling as generating additional revenue from existing clients is a cost-effective method for growth.
Of course, improving efficiency is at the center of everything we do as we work to achieve our long-term goal of reducing our efficiency
ratio below 60%. Over the course of 2012, we made tangible progress. Revenue increased, we eliminated certain core operating costs, and cyclically high expenses began to decline. As we look to 2013 and beyond, continued progress in lowering our efficiency ratio will remain a top priority. In light of what is expected to be a persistently challenging revenue environment for the industry, expense management will continue to be a priority for SunTrust.
Underpinning our strategic priorities is a
focus on excellence in execution and building
a performance culture. Excellence in execution entails utilizing more standard, measurable, and repeatable processes for many of our operational activities. This reduces performance variability, ensures a more consistent experience for clients, improves productivity, and reduces risk.
Our teammates are at the heart of our performance culture. In this relationship-driven industry,
our teammates are a competitive advantage. As such, we are dedicated to attracting and retaining top talent and developing our teammates within
a performance management framework.
5

                                The SunTrust Purpose
Our strategic priorities are guided by our purpose: Lighting the Way to Financial Well- Being. This is a straight-forward articulation of the core of what SunTrust does each and every day. And though we have made significant changes across the company in the last year, our dedication to our purpose is steadfast and supported by all that we do.
Day in and day out, our purpose guides us in helping our clients achieve financial well-being — including sending their children to college, buying a home, growing a business, and achieving their retirement objectives. This is noble work, and I’m proud of what SunTrust does in this regard
Our purpose also defines our support of the communities we serve. As part of the balance- sheet related actions undertaken in the third quarter, we donated $38 million to The SunTrust Foundation to enhance our ability to foster
a greater sense of financial well-being in the communities we serve for years to come.
Additionally, SunTrust teammates continued to demonstrate their commitment to their communities, providing more than 220,000 hours of volunteer service last year. I thank all of the SunTrust teammates for their contribution and am proud of their dedication to our institution, our clients, and the communities we serve.
I’d also like to express my gratitude to our Directors for their insight and support, and extend a special word of thanks to Blake P. Garrett and G. Gilmer Minor who will retire from the board following the 2012 annual meeting. I appreciate their commitment to our company and thank them for their knowledge and counsel.
Lastly, our purpose extends to our shareholders and their financial well-being. I am pleased with the improving performance we demonstrated in 2012, and I look forward to updating you on our progress in 2013.
Thank you for your investment and continued support.
William H. Rogers, Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 27, 2013
  suntrust banks, inc. 2012 annual report
