to our shareholders
In the preceding pages of this annual report we have sought to convey how we’re bringing to life SunTrust’s distinctive client promise — “Seeing beyond money.” From a shareholder perspective, the idea of “Seeing beyond money” might at first blush seem incongruous. After all, the point of investing in SunTrust is very much about money: at the end of the day, shareholders are looking to us to deliver steady, sustainable earnings growth. All of us at SunTrust are very conscious of that expectation. And we work hard to meet it.
In 2005 our hard work paid off. Net income was $2.0 billion, or $5.47 per share, up from $1.6 billion, or $5.19 per share, in 2004. Once again, the men and women of SunTrust did a great job of serv- ing the needs of our clients while running our business efficiently. Once again, they translated the earnings potential of our Company into strong year-over-year performance.
During 2005, we also built our underlying capacity to continue to deliver strong results in a highly competitive industry. We did this by “Seeing beyond money,” in a manner of speaking. We invested in our franchise. We enhanced our product line. We developed our talent. We sharpened our focus on expense control. And we placed additional emphasis on identifying — and managing — the risks inherent in our business. This is a priority for all financial services providers as we operate in an uncertain economy and a demanding regulatory environment.
2005 was a year generally characterized by the continuation of positive performance trends despite some challenging market conditions. We saw steady growth in our biggest earnings component, net interest income, which was driven almost entirely by solid loan and deposit growth. At the same time, we generated strong fee-based income that in turn contributed to a handsome gain in total revenues. With revenues growing at a faster rate than expenses, we achieved “positive operating leverage” for the year, a good indication of our ability to keep expenses in line. Finally, credit trends were positive in 2005; indeed, they were among the strongest we’ve seen in some
time and set a positive tone in this critical area as 2006 began.
To place 2005 progress in context, shareholders may recall that we engineered a significant and multi-dimensional transformation at SunTrust in recent years. As we navigated through a succession of industry challenges and market crosscurrents, we built our businesses, expanded our franchise, refined our operating model, modernized
our infrastructure, and placed an increased emphasis on efficiency. Most recently, and very visibly, we developed a world-class sales and service organization committed to retaining clients and building long-term relationships.
What it all adds up to is that we have established a solid foundation for SunTrust’s future success. Of course our performance to some degree will always reflect industry trends, national and regional economic conditions, the ups and downs of the business cycle and various market dynamics. That being said, we believe we are as well positioned as ever to leverage the growth opportunities offered by our demographically attractive geographic footprint — perhaps the best footprint in U.S. banking — and demonstrated capabilities in our key lines of business: Retail Banking, Commercial Banking, Corporate and Investment Banking, Mortgage Banking, and Wealth and Investment Management.
Looking ahead, our goal is to continue to deliver business-driven earnings growth that compares favorably with that of our peers over a multi-year timeframe. As we see it, this longer-term financial orientation, balanced with our focus on near-term earnings progress, positively differentiates SunTrust as an investment opportunity.
We are pleased to report that in February 2006 the Board of Directors approved an increase of 11 percent in the annual dividend on SunTrust common stock, another indication of how strong, steady performance pays off.
The Management’s Discussion and Analysis section of this report provides a comprehensive review of our 2005 results. For purposes of this letter, we invite your attention to some highlights of the year—financial and non-financial—that not only illustrate SunTrust’s current performance focus, but also help explain why we are opti- mistic about our prospects as we look to 2006 and beyond.
SUNTRUST 2005 ANNUAL REPORT 13

14 SUNTRUST 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
$6.00
$3.00
$0.00
BOTTOM LINE MOMENTUM
The rate of growth in SunTrust’s earnings per share (“EPS”)1 in recent years compares favorably with the long-term historical trend in the EPS compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”)2. This is a good indication of solid momentum in bottom line earnings over time.
                                 85 86 87 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 00 01 02 03 04 05
  EPS per Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP)
Reduction in EPS due to merger expense
In early 2006, we signed a new strategic banking agreement with Wal-Mart that provides for enhancement of our partnership over the next three years. We also announced plans to acquire 11 in-store branches in Florida Wal-Mart Supercenter stores in a move that bolsters the highly successful partnership we have with Wal-Mart throughout our footprint.
We accelerated implementation of performance initiatives within our five key lines of business. Some examples include:
• In Retail Banking, in addition to enhancing our branch presence, we upgraded our online banking capabilities for small business clients, streamlined our deposit products, and improved turn- around times for home equity loans through a combination of technology and process improvements while lowering the cost per closed loan.
1EPS as originally reported and adjusted for stock splits. 2CAGR based on GAAP EPS excluding merger expense.
Business Highlights
We further institutionalized our Company-wide sales culture.
Today, the key components of a world-class sales organization are very much in place at SunTrust. This includes frequent sales meet- ings in all geographic banking regions and all business lines with spe- cific sales and referral goals, tracking and measurement mecha- nisms, and most importantly, incentives that align employee, client, and shareholder interests. Our sales people increasingly take a “360 degree view” of each client’s needs and look across business lines to deliver the full range of SunTrust products and services. A visible result of this focus is significantly higher levels of referrals and cross- sales. One example of this: an emphasis on cross-selling home equity, deposit and other consumer products to mortgage clients resulted in over 100,000 of these products being sold to those clients, a substantial increase over 2004.
We are seeing the benefits of our merger with the former • National Commerce Financial Corporation (“NCF”) in significant
new business opportunities as well as operating efficiencies that exceeded our initial projections by almost a third. The merger was legally completed in late 2004 with the highly visible conversion
of customer accounts and launch of the SunTrust brand into former NCF markets taking place in April 2005. By any standard, the con- version was smooth and successful, providing the latest example of SunTrust’s skill at merger integration.
To increase our market reach, we announced plans to expand into the demographically attractive Charleston, South Carolina area, where over the next three years we’ll open 16 traditional and in- store branches to complement our presence in other parts of the state.
In Commercial Banking, expanded use of sales management technology plus an increased emphasis on cross-sales resulted in solid growth in the Commercial and Industrial, and Real Estate loan portfolios and points to the success of our relationship management approach. Targeted investments in Treasury Management technology and commercial card products, coupled with a sales strategy focused on a wider range of payment solu- tions, resulted in increased sales volumes while also enhancing our competitive position in this high-potential core business segment.
• In Corporate and Investment Banking, we stepped-up cross-sell- ing of capital markets products to the Corporate, Commercial, and Wealth and Investment Management client bases and enhanced our capital markets capabilities by investing in both new and existing products.
10.0% CAGR
9.2% CAGR
0.84 0.93 1.09
1.19 1.31 1.38
1.45 1.64
1.89 2.32
2.56 2.87
3.13
3.04 0.37
4.13 0.10 4.30 0.09
4.72 0.07 4.66 0.14
4.73
5.19 0.06
5.47 0.17

• In Wealth and Investment Management, we introduced a new client management operating model in Private Wealth Management and consolidated our brokerage and investment units under one broker/dealer, SunTrust Investment Services, to improve efficiency and build on our demonstrated competencies. In the same vein, we streamlined administrative, recordkeeping and investment capabilities for institutional customers. Asset Management Advisors, SunTrust’s family office, added a location in Tampa and, late in the year, announced several key executive appointments to help position SunTrust for national leadership in this high-potential business.
• In Mortgage Banking, underscoring our national reach in this business line, we opened 51 new mortgage offices and increased the size of the sales force by almost 24 percent, moves that will allow us to grow market share and purchase-loan originations faster than our peers. We are proud that in 2005, the well- respected J.D. Power and Associates ranked SunTrust Mortgage “Highest in Customer Satisfaction among Mortgage Servicing Companies” and number two in overall customer satisfaction in the 2005 primary mortgage origination study.
We intensified our focus on talent management, a structured process that takes traditional succession planning to a higher level by explicitly aligning talent development with business strategies. Specifically, the capabilities of more than 5,600 key managers across the Company have been assessed in the context of defined leadership competencies, future potential and performance. The result is not only “bench strength” for top positions throughout the organization today, but meaningful development plans for an upcoming leader- ship generation. More broadly, our disciplined approach to talent management is reflected in an unusually high degree of success in hiring, retaining, and rewarding strong candidates in all areas of our organization — including the critical and evolving risk and compliance- related fields.
Financial Highlights
A quick look at some key components of our 2005 earnings com- pared with prior periods suggests the business line momentum that contributed to the strong bottom line earnings growth we reported last year. Since 2005 financial results reflect our acquisition of the former NCF, we have estimated historical results in examples that follow as if NCF and SunTrust results had been combined in the ear- lier periods as well. This permits meaningful comparisons while also providing a more accurate picture of our underlying earnings power.
• Loans–Loan growth was robust in most segments of the portfolio — up 13% from 2004 — and particularly strong in home equity loans and mortgages. While the mortgage industry was challenged by a drop-off in refinancing activity as a result of
rising interest rates, SunTrust grew mortgages over the prior year end and achieved record production volume. We believe a significant portion of this growth was achieved by taking market share from our competitors, reflecting investments in new business generation capacity. We also grew commercial and construction lending. SunTrust ranks first or second in primary banking relationships among “middle market” companies — those with $5 million to $250 million in revenue — in 60 percent of our geographic markets, which provides a platform for continued growth in this key segment. Furthermore, larger corporate lend- ing rebounded in 2005.
• Deposits – The benefit of our emphasis on sales and retention is perhaps most evident in deposit growth, where we place a priority on attracting and expanding relationship-based accounts that can lead to the sales of additional products and services. Overall average commercial and consumer deposit growth was up a healthy seven percent over 2004. As interest rates rose during the year, customer preference predictably shifted to higher- paying deposit accounts such as money market and CD products. We moved to capitalize on this trend by launching several high- ly successful targeted sales campaigns throughout 2005 that significantly boosted CD and money market accounts. We also benefit from non-traditional deposit sources: for example, new deposit accounts booked by our SunTrust Online call centers were up 61 percent in 2005. Initiatives such as our in-store relationships and our continued focus on sales and retention will set the tone for deposit generation efforts in 2006.
SALES FOCUS PAYS OFF
Growth in average loans and consumer and commercial deposits reflects the positive impact of SunTrust’s focus on sales
and retention.
13%
Total Average Loan Growth in 2005
7%
Total Average Consumer & Commercial Deposit Growth in 2005
SUNTRUST 2005 ANNUAL REPORT 15
   
16 SUNTRUST 2005 ANNUAL REPORT
• Revenue Growth – As noted earlier, strong loan and deposit growth contributed to a healthy gain in net interest income, up seven percent over 2004. The net interest margin for 2005 was relatively stable—no small achievement in a challenging rate environment.
Our sales efforts also produced good noninterest income growth-up six percent over 2004. Once again, mortgage pro- duction was a key factor, along with ATM/debit cards and trust and investment product-related fee income. It all added up to total core revenue of $7.8 billion, up six percent.
• Expense Discipline – Our strong revenue growth, balanced with success in holding core expense growth to a reasonable four percent over 2004, resulted in positive operating leverage in 2005, which in turn led to an improvement in our efficiency ratio of 146 basis points, or 2.4 percent, over last year. As pleased as we are with that achievement—and we want to be more efficient in the future — we would note that there is a limit to how low this ratio can go at SunTrust. That’s because our business mix is different from that of our peers in that it emphasizes some higher-efficiency ratio businesses like Wealth and Investment Management and Mortgage. We believe operating leverage is a true barometer of how we are performing in terms of expense dis- cipline, and our progress in that regard bodes well for the future.
Finally, any discussion of earnings drivers would be incomplete without reference to credit quality, traditionally an area in which SunTrust is recognized as an industry leader. Although bank credit quality tends to mirror the economy, SunTrust is typically “best in class” in virtually all key measures of credit quality regardless of the point in the economic cycle. That was surely the case in 2005 as our
IMPROVING EFFICIENCY
A concerted effort to improve operating leverage shows results as 2005 revenues grew at a faster rate than expenses.
6% Core Revenue
Growth1
   4% Core Expense
Growth2
      0.60%
0.30%
0.00%
STRONG CREDIT QUALITY
Net charge-offs as a percentage of loans at SunTrust continue to compare favorably to peers
 4Q03 1Q04 2Q04
SunTrust
3Q04 4Q04 1Q05
Peer Average1
2Q05 3Q05 4Q05
   1 Peers include AmSouth, Bank of America, BB&T, Comerica, Fifth Third, First Horizon, Keycorp, M&T Bank, Mellon, National City, Northern Trust, PNC, Regions, US Bancorp, Wachovia and Wells Fargo. Source: SNL
        Financial
1 SunTrust presents total revenue excluding realized securities gains/losses and the net gain on sale of factoring assets for 2005.
2 Core expense growth excludes merger related expenses, amortization of intangibles and impairment charge on Affordable Housing Properties.
loan mix shifted toward lower risk categories such as residential real estate and home equity loans. Net charge-offs declined for the third consecutive year and, although there can always be surprises in this area, credit quality measures for both consumer and commercial loans looked good as 2006 began.
Seeing Beyond Money
In our view what it all boils down to, at the mid-way point of a turbulent decade for our industry, is this: SunTrust enjoys a particularly enviable position among large U.S. banking organizations.
We are concentrated in the most attractive banking markets in the United States. We are in the right businesses, with proven growth strategies. We have the financial resources, product scope and technology platform we need to compete effectively. And, not incidentally, we have some of the most talented, most motivated people in the business.
We also, as demonstrated again in 2005, can point to a track record of performance that shows how it all comes together.
We are committed to building on our success and delivering results that further validate the merits of “Seeing beyond money” as we serve the interests of our clients, our communities, our employees and, of course, our shareholders.
Thank you for your interest in SunTrust.
L. Phillip Humann
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
James M. Wells III
President and Chief Operating Officer
