 To Our Shareholders:
As we all know, the banking landscape has changed significantly, and not for the better, since I wrote our annual report shareholder letter a year ago. Indeed, the operating environment in 2008 for our industry — and for our institution — was the most difficult I have experienced in my entire career. The largely unprecedented combination of punishing economic and market forces that battered our industry throughout 2008 has been well reported and need not be recounted here. We are acutely aware that, from an investor perspective, 2008 was not a good year.
At the end of the day, any bank’s financial performance largely reflects the economy in the markets in which it operates. There is no way to minimize the negative impact a deteriorating economy and meltdown in the housing and credit markets had on SunTrust’s 2008 financial results: Net income available to common shareholders was $746.9 million, or $2.13 per average common diluted share, for 2008, compared to $1,603.7 million, or $4.55 per average common diluted share, for the previous year. A comprehensive discussion of our 2008 financial results can be found in the Form 10-K that follows this letter.
The effects of increasingly dismal market conditions in 2008 were most visibly reflected in the credit arena, as net charge-offs, nonperforming loans, and credit-related expenses all climbed higher as the economy sank lower. Annual net charge-offs in 2008 were $1,564.3 million, compared to $422.8 million in 2007; the corresponding net charge-off ratios were 1.25% in 2008 and 0.35% in the prior year. Total nonperforming loans were $3.9 billion, or 3.10% of total loans, as of December 31, 2008, compared to $1.4 billion, or 1.17% of total loans, as
of December 31, 2007. The increase in nonperforming loans was mainly due to an increase in nonperforming residential mortgages and real estate construction loans, as the overall weakening of the housing markets and economy continued to increase delinquencies and decrease the value of our collateral.
One of the most difficult decisions we had to make in light of the bleak economic environment was to reduce the quarterly dividend to $0.10 per common share outstanding beginning in 2009. Although dividend reductions essentially became common practice in our industry, we took this decision very seriously, as we are sensitive to the impact it has on our shareholders. We know that many of you have come to rely on a certain level of dividend income from your SunTrust investment. However, given the pressures on the industry and on SunTrust, we concluded that maintaining the dividend at previous levels was neither realistic nor responsible, and, regrettably, the reduced dividend was the appropriate financial decision for the preservation of long-term shareholder value. You should know that this situation merits, and will receive, ongoing analysis.
Financial Strength & Fundamentals
Ultimately, responsible financial stewardship calls for us to manage the institution in a prudent manner to maintain fundamental financial strength, which is always important but never more so than in times of severe economic stress.
In this context, and reflecting our specific priority of managing capital resources to provide strength and stability against uncertainty as well as to support growth initiatives, we completed three separate transactions to optimize our long-term holdings of The Coca-Cola Company (“Coke”) common stock. These Coke-related transactions increased SunTrust’s regulatory capital
by $1.1 billion at an important time. Further, to balance our responsibilities to our clients and our shareholders with our responsibilities to help support the financial system, we participated in the U.S. Treasury’s Capital Purchase Program of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008.
The additional $4.9 billion in capital resulting from our sale of preferred securities under this program enhances our capacity to continue to make good loans to qualified borrowers and work with homeowners under pressure. SunTrust believes foreclosure prevention is central to helping stabilize the housing market and is an active participant in a cross section of industrywide homeowner relief programs. In addition, we work aggressively to directly help SunTrust clients at risk of foreclosure stay
 SunTrust 2008 Annual Report
1

in their homes. Finally, it should be noted that funds received through the Capital Purchase Program come with interest costs, certain conditions, and a commitment to repay. Additional information regarding our participation in this program is available under
the investor relations section of our website at www.suntrust.com.
Let me be very clear that managing responsibly through this crisis — controlling what we can control — is
our most immediate priority. We are focused on the fundamentals: serving clients, making sound credit decisions, managing our risk profile, and operating
as efficiently as possible. Doing all this does not mean that we can not, and should not, also be looking beyond the current turmoil to market stabilization and the ultimate resumption of economic growth that history tells us will, at some point, be forthcoming.
Our performance on the other side of this tough cycle will in large part be driven by initiatives we are pursuing today to increase efficiency, expand our revenue generation capability, improve the profitability of the balance sheet, and prudently manage credit.
Focus on Efficiency
Today, SunTrust is a leaner, more efficient, and more productive organization than was the case just a short time ago. This improvement is the direct result of the ongoing success of a program initiated in 2007 called “E2” (for “Excellence in Execution”). The overall program goal is to achieve $600 million in run-rate savings during 2009, which is over 11% of our 2006 noninterest expense base. Steady progress toward that goal was achieved in 2008.
It was financially advantageous to have the E2 program in place and yielding results well before economic conditions soured and pressure on revenue growth increased. Further, a real cultural shift has taken place within in our organization around efficiency and productivity that augurs well for the future. In the meantime, in response to the difficult operating climate, we undertook additional and meaningful actions to rein in expenses. For instance, management recommended to the Board that no annual cash bonuses be paid to select members of the executive leadership group for 2008. Furthermore, we will not provide
merit increases during 2009 for SunTrust’s broader leadership group comprising over 4,000 individuals. We are committed to producing ongoing and sustainable savings that will result in a more efficient organization.
Investing for Future Growth
Success in reducing the growth rate of expenses is permitting increased investment to improve the future revenue-generating capacity of the organization. Examples include several small acquisitions that augment existing capabilities and expand our product offerings. For example, SunTrust’s position in the higher-growth metro Atlanta market was strengthened with the acquisition of a small bank, GB&T Bancshares, while in central Florida we were pleased to support the FDIC by acquiring the deposits of a community bank that had been closed
by banking authorities. The capabilities of our wealth management family office affiliate, GenSpring, and our RidgeWorth Capital Management arm were also expanded during the year. Meanwhile, the value of investments in branch and other retail delivery channels was reflected in solid deposit growth in 2008.
The investment most visible in the marketplace was in a reinvigorated brand identity — “Live Solid. Bank Solid.” — designed to speak to what is important to current and prospective clients in today’s environment. Research confirms that what clients want is a solid banking experience, one that is free of unnecessary barriers and confusion and that gets the basics right every time, thus helping them “Live Solid.” As for “Bank Solid,” that reflects the importance of being financially strong and delivering exceptional service consistently through capable and engaged employees.
Specific actions are under way to deliver on the “Bank Solid” promise. The already high bar on client service was raised in 2008 by setting new client experience standards across the organization. Leveraging client segmentation is creating a better understanding of client needs. Products, policies, and procedures are being simplified, and channel access expanded.
Improving Profitability while Managing Risk
To improve profitability, higher margin, higher risk-adjusted return products and services are targeted for growth, while lower-return assets and higher-cost deposits are being reduced. Increasing commercial loans, for example, is a priority while it is prudent in the current economy to reduce our exposure to certain other loan categories such as residential construction loans.
Even though loan demand typically softens in a recessionary environment, the lending business — our cornerstone business — is of critical importance. It is not just a source of revenue but also is central to supporting
  SunTrust 2008 Annual Report
2

 economic growth. During the course of 2008, loans grew $4.7 billion or 3.8%. A key goal is to continue to expand prudent lending to financially strong companies and individuals, thus increasing market share. In that context, SunTrust’s relative strength and stability provide a competitive advantage in a turbulent marketplace.
As economic conditions deteriorated during 2008, mitigating credit risk took on increased urgency. The focus was on the subsets of loan portfolios under the most significant stress, notably related to residential real estate. Regarding home equity lines, for example, origination through third-party channels was eliminated, loan-to-value guidelines were adjusted, and commitments in higher-risk situations were reduced. Residential construction lending standards were tightened at SunTrust beginning in late 2006. Further, our default management capabilities were augmented with additional personnel and enhanced processes and tools.
As a result of these and other actions, higher-risk balances and exposures are down considerably, particularly in markets that have gained considerable attention, such as Florida and Atlanta. So, while nonperforming loans and charge-offs clearly have risen, we believe the ultimate realization of risk will be much less than it otherwise could have been. We continue to closely monitor the credit picture and are taking appropriate actions to further mitigate risk.
Looking Ahead
At the end of 2008, we announced a series of organizational changes in both leadership and structure. Included was the designation of William H. Rogers, Jr. as the Corporation’s President. Furthermore, additional responsibilities were assumed by our Chief Financial Officer, Mark A. Chancy; C.T. Hill, head of our Mid-Atlantic banking group; and Thomas G. Kuntz, head of our Florida banking group. In part, the changes were designed to streamline the process through which client-focused business strategies are implemented
on a day-to-day basis, primarily within our geographic banking units. The idea is to make sure we are always organizationally positioned to capitalize swiftly on growth opportunities even as we continue to deal with challenges in the environment.
No one can predict how long or deep the current housing correction and economic slowdown will be. At this writing, unfortunately, there is no basis to assume
that 2009 will be any less challenging than 2008. That said, there remain significant opportunities for SunTrust to grow its business in anticipation of a resumption
of economic growth. The SunTrust team is in the marketplace every day, capitalizing on those growth opportunities by serving existing clients well, attracting new ones, and doing all of the other things that make it possible to look beyond current pressures with a reasoned and realistic sense of confidence.
I am proud of what our people are doing, and believe that you should be too. Their hard work — combined with our solid capital and balance sheet positioning, continued success in expense management, increased momentum in generating loans and deposits, effective business mix management,and prudent credit, risk and liquidity management — should all add up to stronger performance as market conditions improve.
On behalf of our management team and our Board
of Directors, I wish to thank our employees for their dedication during a very tough year. And finally, thank you, our shareholders, for your investment and your continued support.
JAMES M. WELLS III
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  SunTrust 2008 Annual Report
3
