   To Our Shareholders,
EVERYTHING WE DO STARTS WITH OUR PURPOSE
WILLIAM H. ROGERS, JR.
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
SunTrust is one of the nation’s largest and strongest financial services companies. As a purpose-driven organization, we are dedicated to Lighting the Way to Financial Well-Being. We are passionate about helping people and businesses move from financial stress to financial confidence, and we offer counsel and solutions daily through all of our lines of business and online channels. As we celebrate the 125th year since our founding and remain rooted in a client-first culture, we believe that SunTrust is uniquely positioned to have a significant impact on the people and communities we serve.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
Our commitment to our purpose and consistent strategic focus allowed us to deliver strong results in 2015. We grew earnings per share by 11%, met our efficiency ratio goal of being below 63%, increased our return on average assets by 5 basis points, and advanced the revenue growth trajectory of many businesses. We also grew tangible book value per share1 by 6% and returned over 60% of our earnings to our shareholders, continuing our trajectory of improving capital returns. Each of these was accomplished in the face of the headwinds associated with the prolonged low interest rate environment.
Our earnings growth and higher returns were primarily driven by improvements in efficiency and asset quality. Total adjusted
revenue1 was relatively stable to the prior year, as we were able to offset the 16 basis point decline in net interest margin with positive loan and deposit growth and higher investment banking and mortgage-related revenue, each of which reflected solid execution of our strategies.
Adjusted expenses1 declined approximately $60 million, due primarily to a decline in operating losses and total compensation. Moreover, expenses are down a full 17% since 2011, evidence of our disciplined approach to operate more efficiently. As I noted earlier, we achieved our goal of attaining a sub-63% efficiency ratio and ended the year with an adjusted tangible efficiency ratio1 of 62.6%. We have made considerable progress over the past few years and
1 See reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures in Table 1, “Selected Financial Data and Reconcilement of Non-U.S. GAAP Measures,” in the MD&A section (Item 7) of the Company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
1

 2
remain firmly committed to achieving our long-term goal of being below 60%, which will be a key driver of delivering additional value to you, our shareholders.
Average performing loans grew $3 billion, or 2%, driven by growth in C&I and our consumer direct portfolio, partially offset by elevated payoffs and loan sales in other areas, as we continued our focus on returns. We have sold or securitized approximately $5 billion of loans since the middle of 2014 to advance our balance sheet optimization strategy, though I would not expect this pace to continue in the near- to medium-term.
Average client deposits grew $12 billion, or 9%, driven by growth across each major line of business. This reflects our overall strategic focus on meeting more clients’ deposit and payment needs, supplemented by investments in technology platforms and client-facing bankers across both the Consumer & Private Wealth and Wholesale segments. In particular, our Wholesale Banking segment continues to do an outstanding job of deepening client relationships with our enhanced Treasury & Payment Solutions (T&PS) product offerings. Our strong deposit growth directly enabled us to reduce higher-cost long-term debt by $4.6 billion, or 35%, over the past year.
Asset quality continued to be strong, as net charge-offs declined 23% to 0.26% of average loans, and nonperforming loans remained relatively low at 0.49% of total loans, both contributing to an approximately 50% reduction in the provision for credit losses. This performance was the result of improving economic conditions in our markets, in addition to the significant actions we have taken over the past several years to improve the quality of our loan portfolio and de-risk our balance sheet. As an example, we sold $122 million of nonperforming loans in 2015. Notwithstanding these activities and generally stable economic conditions, we recognize that the prolonged level of low oil prices will place
stress on our energy clients, and given this, we expect modest deterioration in our asset quality metrics in 2016. With that said, any adverse effects will be manageable in the context of our overall Company, as energy-related loan balances, as of December 31, 2015, comprised 2% of our loan portfolio.
Acknowledging our improved asset quality and increased profitability in 2015, Fitch Ratings upgraded our senior long-term credit rating to “A-” from “BBB+” in the fourth quarter, continuing our trajectory of improving credit ratings.
Our capital position remains strong, with the Basel III Common Equity Tier 1 ratio ending the year at 9.8% on a fully phased-in
basis.1 In addition, as I noted earlier, tangible book value per share1 increased 6% from the prior year, which we delivered alongside
a 39% increase in our capital return to shareholders. Our strong capital position, combined with an improved risk profile, should help us increase capital returns to shareholders in the coming year, while also leaving ample capital for organic growth and investment.
As we look to 2016, we believe the U.S. economy, particularly within many of our markets, is on steady footing and should support our ability to deepen client relationships and expand our business. However, the tailwinds we have experienced from improving asset quality will abate and, thus, delivering positive operating leverage in 2016 will be critical in helping to mitigate the impact of this transition.
Longer term, I am very optimistic about our Company’s potential, as we continue to execute our core strategies. As you’ll recall, in 2011 we developed three primary strategies to enable us to better serve our clients, teammates, communities, and shareholders:
(1) meeting more client needs, (2) improving efficiency, and (3) optimizing the balance sheet to enhance returns. We have been diligently executing these strategies since that time and expect them to be our primary focus over the medium-term. Our success over the last four years, in part demonstrated by our 154% total shareholder return2, gives us confidence that we are headed in the right strategic direction.
MEETING MORE CLIENT NEEDS
We are a Top 10 bank across most dimensions and are therefore large enough to have the breadth of capabilities to meet an array of client needs. However, we are also small enough to be nimble and reactive to evolving client preferences and market conditions. For these reasons, we believe our size is an advantage. Our range of capabilities, combinedwithourSunTrustOneTeamApproachS,M allowsusthe unique opportunity to deliver the entire bank to our clients.
We continued to meet more of our clients’ needs in 2015, as evidenced by growth in investment banking income, credit card penetration, and total deposits. Going forward, we will continue to be highly focused on deepening client relationships, with an increased emphasis on working together across segments and lines of business.
Within Corporate and Investment Banking (CIB), we have been consistently focused on three priorities over the past decade: (1) continuing our targeted build out of product and industry expertise, (2) working diligently to acquire new clients and deepen existing relationships, and (3) leveraging our OneTeam Approach to meet the capital markets needs of all SunTrust clients. 2015 was a record year
1 See reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures in Table 1, “Selected Financial Data and Reconcilement of Non-U.S. GAAP Measures,” in the MD&A section (Item 7) of the Company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
2 For the four years ended December 31, 2015.

 “We are a Top 10 bank across most dimensions and are therefore large enough to have the breadth of capabilities to meet an array of client needs. However, we are also small enough to be nimble and reactive to evolving client preferences and market conditions. Our range of capabilities, combined with our SunTrust OneTeam Approach, allows us the unique opportunity to deliver the entire bank to our clients.”
for both Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) and equity originations, a testament to our increasing role as the strategic advisor to our clients. This is also reflected by our 20% annual growth in lead relationships since 2011. Going forward, CIB will continue to be an important growth driver for the Company, both on its own and as we export its skills, discipline and capabilities to other lines of business within SunTrust.
Commercial and Business Banking (CBB) represents roughly 14%
of SunTrust’s revenue and is a key growth business for us. Our goal is to further enhance this business by moving from an organization that has successfully met the core banking needs of its clients to one that is a more holistic, strategic partner—focused on helping our clients achieve smart growth. We will do this by delivering relevant industry expertise, providing corporate finance solutions and advice, and leveraging the full capabilities of the entire Wholesale Banking platform. Executing this strategy will enable us to more effectively serve our commercial clients. The early results of this strategy are very positive: for 2015, capital markets-related revenue in our CBB business grew 37%, and SunTrust received eight Excellence Awards for middle market banking by Greenwich Associates.
The scope of our Commercial Real Estate (CRE) business today includes a much greater focus on meeting more than just lending and deposit needs. CRE has had increased success in partnering with other Wholesale Banking businesses in order to deliver capital markets
origination, M&A advisory, and treasury capabilities to our CRE clients. This has resulted in 80% growth in deposit balances and a quadrupling in capital markets fees since 2011, albeit from small bases.
In T&PS, we have been upgrading digital capabilities across our small business, commercial, and corporate cash management platforms. In addition, specialists within CIB and T&PS are working more effectively together to help our corporate clients optimize their liquidity strategies through the use of all products, including deposits. This helped us deliver 16% growth in average Wholesale Banking deposits in 2015.
Within Consumer Banking, we have focused resources on our Omni-Channel strategy, which enables us to serve clients when, where, and how they choose to do business. To this end, we have significantly increased our investment in our digital capabilities over the past few years, as clients increasingly expect more self-service functionality to conduct their banking business. In 2015, we made several enhancements to our overall digital offering, including
auto capture for mobile deposits, touch ID sign-on capabilities for mobile banking, and a new online banking website. We continue to place high emphasis on investments in technology in order to deliver increased capabilities for our clients and improved capacity for our teammates.
The marketplace for consumer lending continues to evolve rapidly,
as a growing number of consumers are moving to digital offerings for unsecured lending. To capitalize on these trends, we have continued to invest in our LightStream® business, which is an online platform focused on direct lending to super-prime clients in a manner that is low in cost and high in customer satisfaction. The application process is easy to understand, and the vast majority of our clients apply, fund, service, and repay their loans completely online. We also introduced LightStream into our branches last year and saw solid early results, as 29% of all LightStream loans were originated from a SunTrust channel in 2015. Similarly, our partnership with GreenSky allows SunTrust to provide streamlined financing for the home improvement needs of prime and super-prime clients. We also upgraded our credit card offerings, providing better individual card products, in addition to increasing rewards as clients grow their overall SunTrust relationship. All three of these portfolios are relatively small today, but continue to grow at an attractive rate, and should enhance our profitability and growth trajectory over time.
In our Mortgage business, while we are consistently focused on targeted growth in production and servicing, we are equally focused on delivering the entire bank to our Mortgage clients. As an example, we introduced the capability to use information from a mortgage application, with the client’s consent, to also approve them for
 3

“We have made significant progress over the past few years, as we have improved our adjusted tangible efficiency ratio1 from 72% in 2011 to
under 63% in 2015. Despite
this progress, our focus on disciplined expense management and cost reduction initiatives remains high, as it will help fund investments in growth and, thus, result in continued improvement in overall efficiency.”
a SunTrust credit card. In the second half of 2015, 18% of our mortgage clients accepted this offer. In addition, the number of converted referrals from Mortgage to Private Wealth Management doubled, compared to 2014. All of these initiatives are in early stages, but are critical in helping meet our strategic objective of deepening client relationships.
Collectively, these examples reflect the breadth of our capabilities and the diversity of our overall business model. I am proud of
the progress we have made, but also believe we still have further opportunity to deliver the full capabilities of SunTrust to both current and prospective clients.
IMPROVING EFFICIENCY
Improving efficiency continues to be a strategic priority, with a long-term objective of reducing the ratio to under 60%. We have made significant progress over the past few years, as we have improved our adjusted tangible efficiency ratio1 from 72% in 2011 to under 63% in 2015. This progress has been driven predominantly by a 17% reduction in expenses, an accomplishment that has
been achieved while also making significant investments in our businesses and infrastructure. Despite this progress, our focus on disciplined expense management and cost reduction initiatives remains high, as it will help fund investments in growth and, thus, result in continued improvement in overall efficiency.
In Consumer Banking, we have increased our technology spend to further our Omni-Channel strategy, which has resulted in a
greatly improved virtual experience for our clients and has enabled us to reduce the physical presence of our retail branch network. This, combined with broader real estate consolidation in many other parts of our organization, has led to a 17% reduction in total company-wide square footage over the past four years. In fact, our entire executive management team moved into a new space in 2015, allowing us to both double our real estate density and create a more engaging and collaborative work environment amongst our teammates. I have been highly energized by the increased activity and camaraderie in our new space, which we call OneTeam Central. These collective savings are being invested in client-facing digital capabilities, as self-service utilization among consumers continues to increase. At the end of 2015, self-service consumer deposits, excluding direct deposits, represented 38% of total consumer deposits, and digital sales represented 14% of total sales, both up meaningfully, relative to the prior year.
Separately, we continue to invest in better tools and technology
to streamline various processes and better equip our teammates, which yields an improved client experience, increased teammate capacity, and lower costs. In both Wholesale Banking and Mortgage, we made the transition to new loan origination systems which streamline information sharing among all parties and greatly improve the speed and transparency of the loan origination process. In Mortgage, this transition also allowed us to more efficiently meet the new TRID3 regulatory requirements which became effective October 1, 2015. Both transitions were significant and important undertakings, and we expect to see the full benefit of these new platforms in 2016.
OPTIMIZING THE BALANCE SHEET & IMPROVING RETURNS
Our third strategic priority focuses on optimizing our balance sheet and improving returns. This strategy once focused primarily on reducing our residential-related exposure to achieve a more diversified loan portfolio; however, since this objective was achieved ahead of schedule, our focus has migrated to enhancing returns within the current portfolio.
Within Wholesale Banking, we intensified our focus on improving the risk-adjusted return on each client and became more diligent in ensuring that our return hurdles were being achieved when considering the total relationship. As I mentioned earlier, we have had great success in growing deposits in the Wholesale Banking business, which has the dual benefit of deepening client relationships and improving our overall returns.
In our Consumer Banking segment, we are focused on improving the returns and growth of our consumer lending portfolio by
 4
1 See reconciliation of non-U.S. GAAP measures in Table 1, “Selected Financial Data and Reconcilement of Non-U.S. GAAP Measures,” in the MD&A section (Item 7) of the Company’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
3 TILA-RESPA Integrated Disclosure Rule

 expanding certain businesses and de-emphasizing lower-return portfolios. The strong growth in our consumer-direct portfolios, which includes LightStream, our partnership with GreenSky, and credit cards, has afforded us the opportunity to sell, securitize,
or reduce production in lower-return areas. This was partially evidenced by our $1 billion indirect auto securitization this past year, which improved our ROA and also enhanced our ability to be a strong loan origination partner to our auto dealer clients. In the Mortgage segment, we are leveraging our capacity to grow our servicing portfolio organically and through acquisitions, as we view performing servicing as a core competency and a solid ROE business.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
I would like to recognize a key milestone in our Company’s history: 2015 marked the 30th anniversary of the merger between the Trust Company of Georgia, headquartered in Atlanta, and SunBanks, Inc., headquartered in Orlando, which created SunTrust Banks, Inc. I am proud of our rich heritage, and the longevity of this franchise is a testament to our longstanding commitment to put our clients and communities first. As Linton Allen, a founder of SunBank said, “If you build your community, you build your bank.” Those words still inspire us today.
In December 2015, SunTrust welcomed two new directors, Dallas S. Clement, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Cox
“I also thank each of you, our shareholders, for your continued investment and support.
The stewardship of your capital is my most important responsibility. In 2015, your capital helped us originate
$97 billion of loans, enabling hundreds of thousands of clients across the country to achieve significant milestones, such as buying a house, expanding their business, or sending their children to college.”
Enterprises, and Bruce L. Tanner, executive vice president and chief financial officer for Lockheed Martin Corporation. We look forward to benefiting from both of their extensive finance and business experience and perspectives. In addition, Robert M. Beall, II, David H. Hughes, and William A. Linnenbringer will retire from the board when their current terms expire at SunTrust’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders in April 2016. I want to thank these leaders for their dedication and commitment to representing the interests of our clients, shareholders and teammates throughout their tenures on the board, particularly David, who was an original SunTrust director, which is noteworthy given our anniversary.
To conclude, I thank our teammates for their key role in
delivering our 2015 financial results. I also thank each of you, our shareholders, for your continued investment and support. The stewardship of your capital is my most important responsibility. In 2015, your capital helped us originate $97 billion of loans, enabling hundreds of thousands of clients across the country
to achieve significant milestones, such as buying a house, expanding their business, or sending their children to college. I
am humbled daily by the opportunity and responsibility we have to Light the Way to Financial Well-Being for millions of clients. With three-quarters of Americans worried about money, it is this responsibility which led to my conviction that SunTrust needed
to build upon its purpose by sparking a movement for financial confidence. We call this movement “onUp.” It is designed to be
a catalyst in inspiring people to make personal commitments
to improve their financial health. Through onUp.com and other initiatives, we will provide tools, resources, and hopefully a little motivation, to take the first step in moving from financial stress to financial confidence—all with the goal of allowing our consumer and business clients to pursue a life well spent and to achieve smart, long-term growth. We stand ready and steadfast and are excited about the opportunity ahead.
WILLIAM H. ROGERS, JR.
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER SUNTRUST BANKS, INC.
FEBRUARY 26, 2016
  Statements regarding our goals, objectives, strategies, priorities, future asset quality, future capital returns to investors, and future investments are forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance upon these statements since they are subject to material risks and uncertainties. We list some of the factors that could affect these statements in the attached annual report on Form 10-K at Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis, beginning on page 22.
5
