                                To Our Shareholders:
Our bottom line results for 2007 were neither as I had expected, nor hoped, to report to you in my first year as SunTrust’s Chief Executive Officer. The inescapable reality of 2007 was that SunTrust was not immune to the punishing impact of the housing-related firestorm that swept through the financial services industry with increasing, and unpredictable, intensity.
The 2007 Form 10-K that comprises the bulk of this year’s annual report includes a detailed discussion of the year’s financial performance. To learn about SunTrust products, services, or career opportunities, as well as for additional information of interest to investors, I invite you to visit our Web site, www.suntrust.com. Otherwise, this streamlined annual report permits us to meet shareholder information needs in a format consistent with our focus on expense discipline.
As explained in our financial discussion, precipitous declines in the market value of various mortgage-related securities, along with higher housing- and consumer-related credit costs, took a significant toll on 2007 earnings: Net income available to common shareholders was $1,603.7 million, or $4.55 per average common diluted share for 2007, compared to $2,109.7 million, or $5.82 per average common diluted share for the previous year.
We do not believe the direct financial impact on SunTrust of the meltdown in the housing and credit markets was disproportionate for an institution of our size and business mix. In addition, the fact that other large financial services institutions were hurt by these same forces provides a context within which to consider our results relative to others. From a SunTrust share price perspective, however, I am acutely aware that industry context does not offer much in the way of practical comfort.
As we look ahead, it seems likely that our industry, and thus our Company, will be operating for some time in an environment marked by economic uncertainty at best, continued weakness in housing, unsettled capital markets, and a still-unfolding credit cycle. In other words, as I write this letter in early 2008, it doesn’t look like earnings pressures on banks will soon be receding.
Industry challenges notwithstanding, you should know that SunTrust has the financial and human resources necessary to see us through tough times. We enjoy a solid balance sheet, ample liquidity, adequate reserves, and strong capital ratios. It is not to imply satisfaction with last year’s results to observe that SunTrust was in fact profitable in 2007. In addition, in February 2008 the Board of Directors approved a five percent increase in the quarterly dividend on common stock, maintaining our long history of annual dividend increases. The current indicated annual dividend is $3.08 per share.
What is particularly disappointing to me in the current environment is that the earnings impact of poor market conditions understandably overshadows real and substantial progress we are making in implementing reinvigorated shareholder value–oriented strategies at SunTrust.
 SUNTRUST 2007 ANNUAL REPORT
 1

                                 2
SHAREHOLDER VALUE FOCUS
Our strategies, which we updated and then pursued with renewed energy beginning in late 2006, are aimed at ensuring that our financial performance, over time, is commensurate with our growth potential. The goal is to capitalize on our unique institutional strengths and fully leverage the opportunities afforded by our high-growth geographic footprint, our strong competitive positions, and our well- balanced business mix.
Our Board of Directors is unified in its support of our strategic direction. Our management team is committed to its success. And more than 32,000 talented, motivated employees work hard every day to translate it into results. We are confident that continued successful implementation of our strategy, building on progress in key initiatives in 2007, will deliver improved shareholder value in a more normalized operating environment. For example:
• Through enhanced balance sheet management strategies, we have reduced the holdings of lower-yielding loans and securities on our books, and also cut back on higher-cost wholesale deposits. These steps had a direct and positive impact on 2007 net interest income with the prospect of continued benefits as we move ahead.
• We employed fresh strategies to more effectively manage our capital resources to support future growth. Included was the sale of a portion of our longtime stock holdings in The Coca-Cola Company and a commitment to rationalize our remaining holdings consistent with our capital optimization goals. It is important to note that our decisions in this area are based entirely on SunTrust capital management considerations. The Coca-Cola Company, clearly one of the world’s leading business enterprises, remains a highly valued SunTrust business partner.
• Perhaps most visible from an employee perspective, we moved decisively during 2007 to take productivity and efficiency to new levels throughout the Company. The centerpiece of this effort is a bold, structured program called “E2 – Excellence in Execution.” Launched in January, E2 encompasses a series of very specific initiatives designed to significantly reduce the growth in operating expenses over a four-year period. Based on initial successes in areas such as corporate-owned real estate and supplier management, the E2 program was expanded and accelerated in mid-2007 and remains on track to meet or exceed its annual financial targets.
One goal of the E2 program is to provide funds for investment in selected high-growth businesses and customer-focused technology. In addition, by taking a hard look at our organization, streamlining various internal processes and procedures and operating more efficiently ourselves, we are making it easier for clients to do business with SunTrust. We believe this will contribute meaningfully to our competitive advantage in the marketplace and, by extension, improve our revenue-generating capacity once market conditions improve.
I do not wish to downplay the seriousness of the challenges confronting our industry at this time. Yet history tells us convincingly that, in time, markets will stabilize, the credit cycle will play out and more normal performance patterns for banks will resume. So, even as we deal with current pressures, we are positioning ourselves for the future — and for better than “normal” performance.
INVESTING FOR GROWTH
We fully expect to emerge from this inhospitable environment strong, successful and poised to take full advantage of the growth opportunities that are out there for us. In that vein, we are prudently investing in our businesses and expanding our capabilities. For example:
• Ourinnovative“MyCause”deposit-generationcampaign— through which clients who open a new checking account can have SunTrust make a donation in their name to an IRS-recognized charity — led to significant growth in new accounts and households while reinforcing our long track record of community support.
• Investments in our award-winning Treasury & Payments Solutions business boosted our competitive position in commercial products with high client appeal and attractive profit characteristics such as online payroll, remote check capture, and fraud prevention.
• Totapthegrowthpotentialinthe“megawealthy”market, our multi-family office subsidiary — which was rebranded as GenSpring Family Offices — added an international capability and enhanced its domestic footprint by expanding its New York City presence and acquiring a well-regarded Phoenix-based wealth management operation. GenSpring now serves over 600 families with nearly $15 billion in assets under management.
 SUNTRUST 2007 ANNUAL REPORT

                                • We also continued targeted investments in technology and product development to enhance overall customer convenience and service capabilities. For example, SunTrust was among the first banks to launch a mobile telephone banking application. And we continued implementation of a multiyear program to upgrade and expand our branch network, the core channel through which we deliver “big bank” capabilities with a truly local touch.
It is gratifying when our efforts to provide a superior client experience are recognized by respected industry observers. SunTrust Online Sales Contact Centers, for example, were rated number one among the top 15 banks for the seventh consecutive year in the 2007 O’Connor & Associates Industry Benchmark Study. We also ranked “Highest
in Customer Satisfaction among Home Equity Line of Credit/Loan Servicers*” in the J.D. Power and Associates 2007 Home Equity Line of Credit/Loan Servicer StudySM.* Greenwich Associates recognized SunTrust for excellence in small business client satisfaction, and our Private Wealth Management unit was rated the most prestigious wealth management firm among regional banks in the 2007 Luxury Brand Status Index, conducted by the Luxury Institute.
SEEING BEYOND MONEY
What this kind of recognition says to me is that SunTrust people know that clients need more than a range of products to make the financial decisions that shape their lives. They need a partner who understands them, supports them, and actively helps them to achieve their goals. Our commitment to do this — to operate not just profitably but also in the best interests of our clients — is reflected in our distinctive and increasingly visible brand promise: “Seeing beyond money.”
More than a slogan, our brand promise provides a conceptual focal point for each of our business lines to bring the full range of SunTrust resources to bear on the needs of their individual clients.
I should point out that, while seeing beyond money may define our approach to helping our clients, we know our shareholders’ interest in SunTrust is very much about money... about our making more money. That is as it should be in today’s demanding investment climate. We take this responsibility very seriously.
*SunTrust received the highest numerical score in the proprietary J.D. Power and Associates 2007 Home Equity Line of Credit/Loan Servicer StudySM. Study based on 4,964 total responses measuring 25 lenders and measures the service satisfaction of bank customers who obtained a home equity line of credit/ loan in September 2006-May 2007. Proprietary study results are based on experiences and perceptions of consumers surveyed in June-August 2007. Your experiences may vary.Visit jdpower.com.
The good news is that shareholder and client interests go hand in hand. As we do a better job than other financial service providers in serving existing clients and adding new ones, we can expect our business to grow faster. Coupled with the success of our programs to reduce costs and improve efficiency — and assuming stable markets and a reasonably supportive economic and operating environment — business growth should lead to quality earnings growth.
Of course, markets were far from stable in 2007. And the operating environment was anything but supportive. So, as I noted at the beginning of this letter, our bottom line results were not as I had hoped or expected. That being said, I conclude my first year as Chief Executive Officer of SunTrust with pride in our accomplishments, renewed appreciation of the strengths of our Company, undiminished enthusiasm about the growth opportunities that are out there for us, and absolute confidence in the ability of our people to bring it all together.
I would like to express my gratitude to our Board of Directors for their wisdom, support and valued perspective during a year that was sometimes difficult and always challenging. A special word of thanks goes to L. Phillip Humann, my predecessor as Chief Executive Officer, who in February announced his plans to retire from SunTrust in 2009 after a 40-year career at our Company. There will be ample time to recognize Phil’s many contributions to SunTrust, but for now I simply will say that I am honored to succeed him as Chairman of the Board in April 2008.
The Board of Directors and I wish to thank our employees for their hard work on behalf of our clients and shareholders. Finally, I thank our shareholders for your investment, your interest, and your support
JAMES M. WELLS III
President and Chief Executive Officer February 29, 2008
   SUNTRUST 2007 ANNUAL REPORT
 3
