  2
Daniel J. Starks
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Shareholders
To Our
Our vision is to transform the treatment of expensive epidemic diseases.
We do this by creating cost-effective medical technologies that save and improve lives.
Delivering on an Innovation- Based Growth Strategy
Our success depends on our ability to invent medical devices that help improve patient outcomes and reduce the cost of health care. St. Jude Medical invests more than 12 percent of revenue in medical device innovation every year. Our product portfolio reflects a cumulative investment in medical device innovation totaling more than $10 billion.
This commitment to investing in innovation helped return our business to growth during 2013. St. Jude Medical turned our business from a 3 percent decline in constant currency, year-over-year sales in the first quarter to a 6 percent increase in sales in the fourth quarter. We increased adjusted earnings per share* 12 percent on a constant currency, year-over-year basis for full-year 2013. We were able to do so in spite of a
*Including the impact of currency changes, our adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 8%. Adjusted earnings per share is a non-GAAP measure and excludes certain charges. See page 8 for a reconciliation.

new medical device tax, new regulatory expenses, lower average selling prices, and other significant challenges. We attribute this improvement in part to delivering on our commitment to launch approximately 20 new products across our business during the year.
Our return to growth during 2013 can also be attributed to the organizational changes we began implementing in August 2012. Prior to 2012, St. Jude Medical operated in a highly decentralized environment characterized by six divisions organized according to priorities of different physician specialty groups or by geography. By 2012, it was clear that customer priorities were changing and we needed to change with our customers to stay competitive.
We therefore began transforming the company into a more centralized organization and have improved alignment on our highest priorities, captured new synergies, increased produc- tivity, and reduced costs in many key functions of the company. We could not have accomplished this transforma- tion without the support of our employees and I sincerely appreciate all of their efforts as we continue to work through these significant organizational changes. We estimate that more than $100 million in cost savings have been generated as a result of our restructuring.
Our Approach to Innovation
Medical device companies cannot keep doing the same things and expect to keep up with the burdens facing health care today. We need to work more efficiently to improve patient care and be a resource for reducing the cost of health care. Many of the most complex and costly health care problems fall in the cardiovascular disease states. St. Jude Medical is focused on providing high quality, cost-effective treatment solutions that address several of the major types of cardiovas- cular diseases such as coronary artery disease, heart failure, and heart rhythm disorders like atrial fibrillation. As the population continues to age, cardiovascular disease will
become more common and more costly. It is estimated that cardiovascular disease will soon cost economies more than $1 trillion globally.
Another area of significant focus is chronic pain – particularly back pain. Low back pain is a leading cause for a doctor visit, second only to the common cold. Our health care system cannot continue to treat this debilitating condition with the same drugs and procedures of the last several decades.
In each disease state where St. Jude Medical is focused, we haven’t just developed a product, but have developed innovative, comprehensive solutions to costly and complex problems. However, we recognize that the development of pioneering technologies presents special challenges and start-up expenses before generating meaningful revenue. As a result, we are focused on delivering a balanced portfolio of sustaining and pioneering technologies that will provide
St. Jude Medical with both near-term and long-term revenue growth. During 2013, we introduced several of these impor- tant additions to our product portfolio.
NanostimTM Leadless Pacemaker
In 2013, St. Jude Medical added the world’s first leadless pacemaker to its product portfolio, representing one of the most important advances in the history of pacing technology.
  3
Nanostim Leadless Pacemaker
  
This innovation reduces costly lead- and pocket-related complications, while improving patient satisfaction, through catheter-based delivery of the Nanostim leadless pacemaker.
The Nanostim non-surgical, leadless pacemaker is less than 10 percent the size of a conventional pacemaker and is the least invasive pacing technology available today. The small size of the device and lack of a surgical pocket, coupled with the exclusion of a lead, improves patient comfort and may reduce complications, including device pocket-related infection and lead failure. The elimination of the visible lump and scar at a conventional pacemaker’s implant site, in addition to the removal of patient activity restrictions that are routinely put in place in an attempt to prevent dislodgement or damage to a conventional lead, will potentially improve the quality of life for patients with this technology by allowing most to continue living active, uninhibited lifestyles.
St. Jude Medical launched the Nanostim leadless pacemaker in Europe at the end of 2013 and has begun the LEADLESS II pivotal clinical trial to evaluate the device for U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval.
TactiCathTM Quartz Contact Force Ablation Catheter
In August 2013, we announced the acquisition of Endosense SA, a Switzerland-based company that has pioneered contact force measurement in catheter ablation. Endosense developed the TactiCath Quartz contact force ablation catheter to give physicians a real-time, objective measure of the force they apply to the heart wall during a catheter ablation procedure. Without contact-force data, physicians can only estimate the amount of force applied to the heart wall during an ablation. If too little force is applied, there is a risk of incomplete lesion formation that could result in AF recurrence, potentially requiring additional treatments. If too much force is applied, there is a risk of tissue injury, which can lead to serious procedure-related complications.
At the end of 2013, St. Jude Medical launched the TactiCath Quartz catheter in Europe. We look forward to a U.S. launch after FDA approval. The acquisition of Endosense further strengthens our industry leading portfolio of products to treat patients with cardiac arrhythmias, and provides an opportu- nity to accelerate our market share capture in a global cardiac ablation catheter market that is expected to reach approxi- mately $1 billion in size in 2014.
 TactiCath Quartz
4
  
Quadra AssuraTM CRT-D MultiPointTM Pacing
In 2009, St. Jude Medical led the industry by bringing quadripolar lead technology to the market. Since then, quadripolar pacing technology has become the standard of care for many physicians, and is supported by more than 100 publications that provide broad clinical evidence of its advantages. We have continued to invest in this technology and are pleased to now offer the industry’s first MultiPoint Pacing (MPP) system, which provides a new set of options to address patients who are non-responders to traditional cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT) pacing, potentially decreas- ing hospitalizations and lowering the economic burden of heart failure.
Launched in Europe during 2013, the Quadra Assura MP cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillator (CRT-D) is designed to work with the QuartetTM Lead, which has four electrodes to offer maximum flexibility for different pacing configurations. The new MPP capability allows physicians
to program simultaneous or sequential delivery of two left ventricular (LV) pulses per pacing cycle, rather than the standard single pacing pulse. The capability to deliver two LV pulses per cycle allows physicians to tailor CRT pacing for each patient, potentially leading to more effective out- comes compared to single site pacing. This device is not yet approved for use in the U.S but is undergoing an FDA approved clinical study.
Summarizing our Success in 2013
With the achievement of our 2013 goals, we are executing on our promise to deliver technologies that reduce costs and improve patient outcomes. Our strong performance was recognized with a 76 percent increase in our stock price. Our
performance also allowed us to increase our dividend by
9 percent for the second year in a row. I want to sincerely thank our Board of Directors for their support and confidence in our ability to return St. Jude Medical to sustainable growth.
As St. Jude Medical continues to evolve, we are confident that we can deliver EPS leverage in 2014 as we also invest in innovative products that meet the evolving needs of our customers, who are balancing how to practice medicine in challenging economic conditions while continuously improving patient care. We believe St. Jude Medical is best positioned to deliver an innovation-based growth program that will transform the treatment of expensive epidemic diseases.
Sincerely,
Daniel J. Starks
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer St. Jude Medical, Inc.
March 10, 2014
   5
Quadra Assura MP
 