 Daniel J. Starks Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders: St. Jude Medical continued its record of success in 2008 with an intense focus on putting more control in the hands of those who treat cardiac, neurological and chronic pain patients worldwide.
Our commitment to providing customers with the medical technology and services they need to best treat their patients has once again allowed us to achieve our short-term financial goals, while investing in long-term growth programs.
Overall revenue increased 15 percent in 2008, and we achieved $4 billion in annual sales for the first time. Our strategy of investing in target markets with significant, sustained growth opportunities is proving successful. We also continue to invest in our future through internal research and development and through strategic acquisitions.
In 2008, we launched a new company brand to help us better communicate to our customers and stakeholders who we are and who we always have been. As a part of this new brand, you will see some different colors and a new logo in our annual report this year. But our brand is really about being even more focused on our longstanding mission and values.
That focus demands that we help reduce risk by putting more control into the hands of our clinician customers. We fulfill this commitment through the quality, innovation and benefits of our products, through the experience and commitment of our people, and by being accessible, ethical and trustworthy at all times.
I would be remiss not to acknowledge that 2008 was a difficult year for shareholders across most industries. St. Jude Medical’s share price could not escape the impact of the decline in the overall stock markets as a result of macroeconomic factors.
But we have never felt better about our momentum and our prospects as a business.
BUSINESS SEGMENT PERFORMANCE
In 2008, we captured market share in each of our key business segments. St. Jude Medical now holds the No. 1 or No. 2 market share position in almost all of the markets in which we compete.
We continued to gain market share in the implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD) and pacemaker segments of our cardiac rhythm management (CRM) business. Our atrial fibrillation (AF) and neuromodulation businesses accelerated their growth rates this past year and are well-positioned as major growth platforms for many years to come. We strength- ened and expanded our vascular closure program and saw market share gains in the tissue valve segment of our business.
Cardiac Rhythm Management
In 2008, our CRM revenues were $2.7 billion, up 14 percent from 2007. The combined ICD and pacemaker markets are now an estimated $11 billion in total revenue. We are confident, based on our new-product introduction program and the strength of our people, that we have every opportunity to continue to capture market share.
13

14
In 2008, St. Jude Medical introduced several differentiated technologies that offer competitive advantages, including:
• Breakthrough capabilities. The AnalySTTM ICD, launched in Europe in late 2008, is a first-of-its-kind device that gives physicians unprecedented insight into heart-related events and patient risks. This revolutionary product continuously monitors electrical changes between heartbeats, providing physicians with earlier and more accurate insights into cardiac problems. Ultimately, this compelling technology may have the potential to predict an oncoming heart attack and alert patients to seek emergency care.
• Wireless devices. Our new Merlin@homeTM wireless transmitter sends data about device performance and patient heart rhythms to a secure, Internet-based data management system, which can be programmed to alert physicians directly about critical cardiac events. This timely notification offers physicians more control over their patients’ critical health care needs. We are also engaged in an important connectiv- ity initiative that allows our clinician customers to seamlessly connect patient and device data to major electronic health records systems around the world.
• Smallest ICD leads. St. Jude Medical offers the thinnest ICD leads (7 French) on the market, including our newest Durata® lead. Durata’s small diameter can be especially helpful for patients with complex anatomy, a narrow vascula- ture, or the need for multiple leads in a single vessel.
“St. Jude Medical’s market or technology leadership in each of our key business segments gives us confidence we can achieve our business goals in the years ahead.”
• National language programmers. We launched the first and only Japanese-language and Chinese-language full-featured programmers in Japan and China. The Merlin® Patient Care System offers clinicians easy-to-use, streamlined cardiac programming capabilities in their native language, designed to reduce risk during device implant and patient follow-up visits.
Atrial Fibrillation
St. Jude Medical has one of the industry’s most substantial programs focused on AF and electrophysiology (EP). Our AF revenues grew an impressive 33 percent in 2008, to
$546 million. Since our AF Division was created, this business has grown from less than 7 percent to 13 percent of total company revenues.
In 2008, we moved forward with two acquisitions to bolster our AF program. We completed our acquisition of EP MedSystems, which provided an immediate entry into two new market segments: EP workstations and intracardiac ultrasound imaging systems.
We also acquired MediGuide, a company offering sophisticated technology (outside the U.S.) for intra-body navigation during catheter and other minimally invasive procedures. This technology, originally developed for jet fighter pilot applica- tions, is designed to increase the accuracy and detail of information available to physicians during EP procedures, while reducing the amount of radiation exposure to the patient and medical team. We expect initially to integrate the technol- ogy into our EnSiteTM mapping and navigation platform; over time we anticipate its use in our cardiac rhythm management, interventional cardiology, neurology and structural heart disease businesses.
St. Jude Medical brought other clinically relevant AF technolo- gies to market in 2008 in several key areas, including:
• Mapping and navigation. Our EnSite FusionTM software provides a highly detailed image of the heart to help physicians diagnose arrhythmias and deliver therapy. Our EnSiteTM System Version 8 software improves a physician’s ability to identify the location of abnormal heart rhythms through easier visualization of the heart’s anatomy.
• Surgical cardiac ablation. We received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) clearance and European approval for our EpicorTM LP Cardiac Ablation System, which uses proprietary HIFU (high intensity focused ultrasound) technology to surgically ablate cardiac tissue by delivering energy from the outside surface of a beating heart. This approach is designed to help physicians reduce operative risk by eliminating the need for patients to be placed on heart-lung bypass machines.
• Implantable cardiac monitoring. In Europe, we launched the SJM ConfirmTM device, the world’s smallest implantable cardiac monitor, designed to detect atrial fibrillation and other abnormal heart rhythms. In the U.S., this device was cleared to monitor heart rhythm disorders for patients suffering from unexplained symptoms (such as syncope, or fainting), to aid in diagnosis.
By entering into new market segments and gaining share with current products, St. Jude Medical will continue strengthening its AF leadership position.
   
Neuromodulation
Our neuromodulation business is on track to become another significant growth driver. In 2008, our neuromodulation revenues were $254 million, up 21 percent from the prior year.
We had an extremely successful launch of our Eon MiniTM
in the U.S. and Europe. Eon Mini — the world’s smallest, longest-lasting rechargeable neurostimulator to treat chronic pain — offers increased patient comfort and may result in fewer battery-replacement surgeries.
We made significant progress with our neuromodulation clinical trials in 2008. In Europe, we received approvals for our Libra® Deep Brain Stimulation System to treat Parkinson’s disease, and our Genesis® neurostimulator system for chronic angina.
In the U.S., we started a clinical study investigating whether deep brain stimulation in a specific area of the brain (Brodmann Area 25) can help people suffering from major depressive disorder. We are also continuing pivotal studies
in the U.S. to evaluate neuromodulation as a treatment for Parkinson’s disease, essential tremor and chronic migraine headache. These potential new applications hold the promise to profoundly impact millions of people worldwide.
Cardiovascular
The company’s cardiovascular business also grew in 2008, with sales of $862 million, up 9 percent from the prior year.
Our tissue valve business continued to advance, driven by our EpicTM Stented Tissue Valve with LinxTM anti-calcification technology. This valve, available in the U.S. for just more than a year, is designed to protect against valve leaflet calcification, or hardening, which can affect a valve’s long-term durability.
In our vascular closure business, we received U.S. and European approvals for the Angio-SealTM EvolutionTM Vascular Closure Device, with an entirely new delivery system that reduces potential variability as physicians deploy and secure the Angio-Seal system. These new innovations offer physicians greater consistency and deployment control during vascular closure procedures.
In 2008, we acquired a Swedish cardiovascular device company, Radi Medical Systems AB, providing market leadership in two new areas: pressure measurement guide- wires, used for physiological assessment of coronary lesions, and manual compression-assist products for vascular closure. We also acquired the vascular closure business and collagen operations of Datascope Corporation, allowing us to aug- ment our market-leading Angio-Seal vascular closure products with the technology, intellectual property and manufacturing capabilities from these acquisitions.
FUTURE GROWTH PROSPECTS
St. Jude Medical is well-positioned for long-term growth. We compete in large, diverse and growing markets that total approximately $16 billion and are growing at 7 to 8 percent annually. Our AF and neuromodulation platforms are becoming larger percentages of our business at a time when the growth of these markets will accelerate, and we believe there are many patient needs that remain to be served in the cardiac rhythm management market.
“Our strategy of investing in target markets with significant, sustained growth opportunities is proving successful.”
St. Jude Medical’s leadership in each of our key business segments — coupled with the leverage that remains to improve our gross profit margin, reduce our SG&A (sales, general and administrative) costs, and decrease our tax rate — gives us confidence that we can achieve our business goals in the years ahead.
As we reflect on 2008, we appreciate the support of all who contribute to St. Jude Medical’s success. Approximately 14,000 talented employees work diligently every day to develop products that help physicians increase control and reduce risk. We collaborate with our clinician customers in a remarkable partnership that brings life-saving technologies to market.
Our seasoned executive team, and the collective experience of our Board of Directors, provides invaluable perspective and guidance. And we are deeply grateful for the confidence our shareholders have placed in St. Jude Medical over the years. We will continue to work hard to earn your support and fulfill our mission to serve patients around the world.
Sincerely,
Daniel J. Starks
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 12, 2009
15
    