Guided by
To Our Shareholders:
St. Jude Medical continued our record of peer-leading revenue growth in 2009. Our net sales grew 10 percent on a constant currency basis as we once again delivered meaningful new products to our physician customers who treat cardiac, neurological and chronic pain patients.
We remain committed to delivering products and services that provide our customers more control and less risk during the delivery of our health care solutions. This level of focus on providing the technology that is most helpful to physi- cians has allowed us to once again achieve positive short- term financial goals, while continuing to position ourselves for long-term growth and success.
As you know, 2009 was not without its challenges. Along with other health care companies, St. Jude Medical partici- pated in the discussion of how to best reform health care without compromising patient access to new technology. The regulatory environment continued to become more challenging and economic distress impacted many of our global markets.
While our share price rose in 2009, sales execution chal- lenges in some portions of our business limited our success. We took several corrective actions during the second half
of the year, including changes in people, processes and programs. We expect our performance in 2010 to reflect the benefit of our corrective actions.
Business Segment Performance
We participate in markets that total more than $17 billion. Together, these markets are growing at an upper-single digit rate. During 2009, our atrial fibrillation (AF), neuromodulation and cardiovascular businesses performed well overall
– exceeding market growth rates. Our cardiac rhythm management (CRM) business continued to perform well in international markets during this past year.
Atrial Fibrillation
In 2009, our AF revenue was $628 million, up 17 percent on a constant currency basis from 2008. The treatment of cardiac arrhythmias, including AF, represents one of the largest unmet clinical needs in cardiovascular medicine today. This is already an estimated $2 billion market and is growing at least 10 to 15 percent per year.
St. Jude Medical has the leading program in this space as we have assembled the broadest product portfolio in the industry, addressing needs within the entire electrophysi- ology lab. This includes products used for access and
Commitment
 2
This level of focus on providing the technology that is most helpful to physicians has allowed us to once again achieve positive short-term financial goals, while continuing to position ourselves for long-term growth and success.

 guidance, diagnosis and visualization, mapping, advanced ablation and other complementary technologies.
In 2009, we received European approval and U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) clearance to market our EnSite VelocityTM Cardiac Mapping System, the next generation in cardiac navigation and visualization technology. The system’s advanced design allows physicians to efficiently diagnose and formulate a strategy to treat abnormal heart rhythms.
During the year, we also announced a leading sponsorship of the landmark Catheter Ablation Versus Anti-Arrhythmic Drug Therapy (CABANA) pivotal trial, led by Mayo Clinic, to determine the effectiveness of catheter ablation compared to traditional drug therapy.
Cardiac Rhythm Management
In 2009, our CRM revenue was $2.769 billion, up 5 percent from 2008 on a constant currency basis. The CRM market is estimated this year to be approximately $11.6 billion and continues to grow in the mid-single digits.
Our international CRM business grew 10 percent on a constant currency basis in 2009 while our U.S. revenues were flat. Although we had significant advantages with our product line, our U.S. organization struggled with focus and execution. We have taken corrective actions, and we believe that we are on track to hold or gain market share in the U.S. during 2010.
During 2009, we introduced several differentiating technolo- gies within our CRM business and achieved significant milestones, including:
• FDA and European approval for the industry’s first pace- makers with wireless telemetry from implant to follow-up, the Accent® RF pacemaker and the Anthem® RF CRT-P (cardiac resynchronization therapy pacemaker).
• FDA approval of the Promote® Plus CRT-D (cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillator) and Current® Plus ICD (implantable cardioverter defibrillator), with innovative features allowing physicians to customize therapy for individual patients.
• FDA approval of the SJ4 connector, the first simplified single-connection system between high-voltage devices and the leads (wires that connect the device to the patient’s heart), which reduces procedure time and volume of leads implanted in the chest cavity.
• European approval of the industry’s first quadripolar pacing system for CRT-Ds, offering physicians multiple pacing features for their heart failure patients, without having to surgically reposition the lead.
Daniel J. Starks
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Cardiovascular
The company’s cardiovascular business grew 13 percent on a constant currency basis in 2009, with sales of $953 million. We participate in segments of the interventional cardiology and cardiac surgery markets totaling approxi- mately $2.5 billion today. Taken together, these markets are growing at approximately a mid-single digit rate.
Our acquisition of Radi Medical Systems in late 2008 provided a catalyst for accelerated growth in our cardiovas- cular business this past year, with technology to measure fractional flow reserve (FFR), an index that identifies which coronary artery lesions are ischemic and are blocking blood flow to the heart.
In early 2009, The New England Journal of Medicine published clinical trial results for the landmark FAME study, evaluating the PressureWireTM technology used to measure FFR. Two-year follow-up data presented in September showed a 34 percent reduction in the risk of heart attack or death when patients were evaluated using PressureWire before stenting. The study also demonstrated savings to the health care system when FFR measurement was used.
3
 
Focused on the
Looking Ahead
During 2010, we expect our sales growth to be aided by the introduction of meaningful new products and more consistent sales execution. Our international business is stronger than ever, providing meaningful competitive advantages with respect to sales diversification and optimized cost structure, and ultimately should continue to positively support our total corporate growth rate. We believe our U.S. business will regain momentum during this next year.
We are focused in 2010 on delivering on our promises to shareholders. We will continue to aggressively implement our continuous improvement programs across the com- pany. We have significant programs in place that we expect to benefit our 2011 and 2012 margins and capture EPS (earnings per share) leverage while maintaining our investments in long-term growth drivers.
As we reflect on last year and look forward to 2010, we recognize how important it is to have the right people in place, and we are especially focused on ensuring that this remains the case. We have a strong leadership team, and I applaud the continued efforts of our approximately 14,000 employees. We also appreciate our Board of Directors for its continued support and guidance.
We are grateful for the confidence that our clinician customers continue to have in us. It is with much humility that we continue to assist them in their remarkable work to treat patients around the world.
Sincerely,
Daniel J. Starks
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer St. Jude Medical, Inc.
March 15, 2010
Right Markets
 We participate in markets that total more than $17 billion. Together, these markets are growing at an upper-single digit rate.
We expect to continue to grow faster than the overall cardiovascular market, given the strength of the FFR technology as well as our European approval of the company’s first pericardial stented tissue valve during 2010. We continue to make good progress in our longer term programs to develop technology for transcatheter aortic valve procedures.
Neuromodulation
Our neuromodulation business addresses multiple existing and emerging indications and is another one of the best growth opportunities in all of medical device technology. During 2009, our neuromodulation business experienced exceptional growth. Revenue was $331 million, up
32 percent on a constant currency basis from the prior year.
This level of growth was fueled by strong clinician demand for our Eon MiniTM neurostimulator. This device is the world’s smallest, longest-lasting rechargeable spinal cord stimulator for chronic pain. The spinal cord stimulation (SCS) market segment is already an estimated $1 billion market and is growing approximately 15 percent per year.
During 2009, we launched our first products in the estimated $360 million deep brain stimulation (DBS) market. The BrioTM neurostimulator was approved in Europe for treating patients with Parkinson’s disease. It is the world’s smallest, longest-lasting rechargeable DBS device. In Australia, our LibraTM and Libra XPTM deep brain stimula- tion systems were also approved for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease.
In addition to SCS and DBS, we continue to have leading clinical research programs focused on potential future indications for depression, migraine and numerous other disease states.
 4
