 2
net sales 14% $3.8 billion
up
To our shareholders
Daniel J. Starks
13%
of net sales
cash flow from operations
$866 million up % 33
research & development $476 million
Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer
 St. Jude Medical once again delivered on its promises to patients, customers and investors in 2007, despite continued challenging industry dynamics. We successfully met our short-term financial goals while investing in programs with clear opportunities for future growth and with the promise of helping millions more patients.
Overall revenues increased 14 percent this past year and we met our full-year earnings per share growth goals. In addition, in the fourth quarter of 2007, St. Jude Medical recorded its first quarter ever with over $1 billion in revenue.
More remarkable in 2007 was how broad based our growth and success were across every major segment of St. Jude Medical’s business. In our largest business of cardiac rhythm
management (CRM), we strengthened our No. 2 position in a $10 billion global market. For the seventh year in a row, we captured market share in the ICD (implantable cardioverter defibrillator) segment, while our pacing business produced robust results in the United States and internationally.
Every major St. Jude Medical business contributed growth, market-share gains or both in 2007. Our emerging growth platforms in atrial fibrillation (AF) and neuromodulation posted double-digit revenue gains and we continued to take market share from our competitors.
We attribute this success in part to the investments we made the previous year in new people, new products and new programs put in place to fuel the company’s growth for the long term. Due to this momentum and many
other reasons, we feel that we are well positioned for long-term, sustain- able growth in 2008 and beyond.
New people. Over the past two years, we have added a significant number of U.S. sales and field support personnel, many with experience in cardiac device sales. These new employees will increasingly impact our business in 2008. In addition in 2007, we continued to expand our employee base outside
the United States where the business growth is driving the need for additional sales personnel.
New products. In 2007, we launched over 20 new ICD and pacemaker products, following a comparable, unprecedented level of new product flow in 2006. We continued to innovate products in our remaining businesses as well. For the year, we invested

approximately 13 percent of sales in research and development (R&D), reflecting our commitment to cost- effective innovation across the com- pany’s multiple and varied businesses.
New programs. The combination
of these strong new programs for
St. Jude Medical has led to a continued expansion of our customer base in 2007, driven by significant new ICD accounts, strong growth in our pacemaker business and the added benefit of our emerging growth platforms.
The diversity of our platforms across fast-growing and underserved markets reinforces our confidence in St. Jude Medical’s future. We demonstrated
this confidence with a $1 billion stock repurchase, announced and completed in early 2007, intended to enhance shareholder value. This followed a $700 million stock repurchase in 2006.
Cardiac Rhythm Management
CRM revenues were $2.37 billion, up
15 percent from the prior year. We continued our strong program of product launches, including the introduction of our first radiofrequency (RF) wireless devices to treat patients with heart failure and potentially lethal heart arrhythmias. In 2007, we launched our Current® and Promote® RF ICDs in the United States and other major markets. These products provide secure, remote “communication” between the implanted device and the programmers used by physicians to interrogate and program devices. They offer sophisticated device management and safety benefits, including triple- redundancy features for ICD therapy.
Current and Promote are built on
St. Jude Medical’s new Unity platform, the industry’s first truly consolidated hardware and software platform. Unity will be used for many of the company’s
future pacemakers, ICDs and heart failure devices, allowing faster introduction and support of future features and products.
Other CRM highlights in 2007 included:
• U.S. and European approvals of the ZephyrTM pacemaker, designed to save valuable time by automatically per- forming all standard follow-up testing before a patient arrives at the clinic;
• U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval of the MerlinTM.net Patient Care Network, a Web-based remote monitoring system for patient device data that clinicians can access anywhere at any time;
• Strong market acceptance of our QuickOpt® Timing Cycle Optimization software, available in the company’s latest pacemakers and ICDs. QuickOpt can identify for physicians the optimal settings for device performance in about 90 seconds, compared to the traditional echocardiography procedure, which takes from 30 to 120 minutes;
• Launch of our first heart failure devices in the important Japanese market – the Atlas®+ HF CRT-D and Epic® HF CRT-D; and
• An expanded portfolio of the thinnest high-voltage leads available on the market. Thin leads can be especially beneficial for patients who suffer from heart failure.
Atrial Fibrillation
Our pioneering work in atrial fibrillation continued to reap benefits in 2007, with a full pipeline of new products and expanding clinical and educational programs. AF revenues for the year were up 26 percent and now represent 11 percent of our total company sales.
Device-based therapy to treat AF holds the promise of profoundly impacting this widespread condition. AF ablation
procedures – which typically involve inserting a catheter and ablating (elimi- nating) targeted areas of erratic electrical activity – have grown significantly in recent years, gaining acceptance with clinicians and patients.
In 2007, St. Jude Medical received regulatory approvals for several promising technologies to help physi- cians diagnose and treat many arrhyth- mias. We maintained our leadership position in introducers and diagnostic catheters, while bolstering our ablation catheter portfolio.
Our highly sophisticated cardiac map- ping and navigation system software, the EnSiteTM System Version 7, received FDA clearance and European approval in 2007, while the EnSite FusionTM Registration Module is now approved in Europe and the United States. The Fusion software provides a highly detailed 3-D image of the heart to help physicians navigate and guide therapy during electrophysiology procedures.
Neuromodulation
Our neuromodulation business is on track to become increasingly important to St. Jude Medical’s overall growth profile. Sales force additions and an expanded geographic focus contributed to increased sales during the year. The contribution from neuromodulation sales in international markets increased from 9 percent of total ANS Division revenue in 2006 to 13 percent in 2007.
Neuromodulation therapy delivers precise pulses of electrical energy or doses of drugs to specific nerve sites to relieve disabling chronic pain or nervous system disorders. We hold the No. 2 market-share position in spinal cord stimulation (SCS), the largest segment of this market.
delivering on our promise 3

4
In 2007, we enhanced the Eon® Neurostimulation System with NeuroDynamixTM technology, supported by an upgraded clinician programming platform, Rapid Programmer® 3.1. Working together as an integrated system, these products provide patients with customized, targeted pain cover- age. We also received FDA approval for the Lamitrode TripoleTM 16C paddle leads, designed for low-back pain.
Neuromodulation has the potential
to become a multibillion-dollar, multi- indication market by leveraging tech- nology across other treatment areas.
In early 2008, we started an important clinical trial evaluating deep brain stimulation (DBS) for the treatment
of depression. Other clinical trials are underway to assess neuromodulation technology in the areas of Parkinson’s disease, essential tremor, migraine head- aches and other emerging indications.
Cardiovascular
In 2007, we combined our former car- diac surgery and cardiology businesses into the Cardiovascular Division as part of our ongoing efforts to optimize prod- uct development and overall operating efficiencies. We saw new vigor in this part of our portfolio, driven primarily by our stented tissue valve business.
St. Jude Medical is now fully engaged in this important segment of the U.S. heart valve market, with strong demand for our BiocorTM valve and recent FDA approval of the EpicTM valve with patented anti-calcification technology.
St. Jude Medical began U.S. IDE (investi- gational device exemption) clinical trials in 2007 for a new stented pericardial tissue valve, underscoring our commit- ment to offering a competitive tissue valve portfolio.
Our tissue valve franchise builds on
the company’s 30-year heritage as the undisputed market and technology leader in mechanical heart valves. In 2007, we celebrated the 30th anniversary of our first mechanical valve implant, which occurred in 1977 at the University of Minnesota.
In the area of vascular closure, St. Jude Medical shipped its 10 millionth Angio-SealTM device in 2007, reflecting clear market leadership in vascular closure devices.
Executive Team
and Organization
St. Jude Medical has grown rapidly in recent years, fueled by the acquisition of diverse companies to augment our own innovative technologies. Looking ahead, we believe the company is well positioned to potentially double in size over the next five years.
To accommodate this growth, we introduced an expanded organizational structure and new executive roles beginning in 2008, to better coordinate product and manufacturing strategies and leverage companywide synergies. Two of our most experienced executives, Joseph H. McCullough and Michael T. Rousseau, were named to newly created positions as Group Presidents, with expanded responsibilities spanning all of the company’s global operations.
Other 2007 transitions included Eric S. Fain becoming president of our Cardiac Rhythm Management Division and the addition of Barbara B. Hill to our Board of Directors. Ms. Hill has 30 years of experience in the health care field and is CEO and president of ValueOptions, Inc., a privately owned, managed behavioral health company.
Sustaining Our Success
St. Jude Medical’s mission is to make
life better through excellence in medical device technology and services. Our success is measured not only by product performance and financial results, but by our ability to save and improve patients’ lives. It requires consistently meeting
the highest standards of quality, from product development to manufacturing to distribution to follow-up. It depends on operating in a highly disciplined environment with rigorous business ethics. And it demands constant striving for continuous improvement in every- thing we do every day.
Ultimately, our success depends on the people who work for, and with, St. Jude Medical. I am especially grateful for our 12,000 employees, who have assembled a formidable portfolio of meaningful technologies to treat patients suffering from some of the world’s most difficult cardiovascular and chronic pain condi- tions. I appreciate the leadership of
our talented executive team and the guidance of our experienced Board of Directors. I value the highly skilled physi- cians and clinicians with whom we share a remarkable partnership.
We are privileged to work in this industry and make a meaningful difference to countless patients around the world. Thank you for your continued support of St. Jude Medical.
Sincerely,
Daniel J. Starks
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
March 25, 2008
 