                LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
Dear Fellow Stockholders,
It is a very good time to be a subscription-based provider of advertising-free premium video content.
A Dynamic and Changing Industry
It is no secret that there are fundamental changes occurring in our industry. We see traditional distribution partners starting to experiment with new offerings, change the packaging and pricing of their services and work to cement their futures as premier providers of entertainment content to consumers.
This is occurring in response to changing consumer expectations. People today want to access original series, movies and all forms of video content across any device at any time. In response, new players have emerged offering on-demand platforms tailored to this “TV anywhere” mindset. Technology’s rapid advance has driven increasing consumer choice and fragmentation. There are now multitudes of ways for consumers to get the content they want - and the quantity of and demand for that content only continues to increase.
As you would expect, there is a sizeable community of pundits out there attempting to predict what all this change will ultimately mean and its effect on the economics of video content and service providers. While the answer is not yet known, it is clear that STARZ delivers significant value because we offer what consumers truly want and will always want: compelling content that provides an immersive entertainment experience for our obsessable fans.
With Change Comes Opportunity
To capitalize on the opportunities in the marketplace, we have defined three specific strategic goals for Starz:
• Deliver engaging, brand-building, premium original programming;
• Create compelling consumer offerings that solidify and expand our relationships with current distributors, while allowing us
to uncover and pursue new distribution opportunities; and
• Grow our business and STARZ brand internationally.
In 2015, we made significant progress against each of these areas, and as a result, we grew revenue, generated significant cash from operations and added subscribers to our STARZ flagship service.
During the year, we invested nearly $250 million in original programming and are close to achieving our long-term goal of airing 80 to 90 episodes annually. Our strategy is not just centered on the volume of programming, but also on the breadth and appeal of that content.
We have our most robust and diverse slate of programming to-date. Original series such as “Ash vs. Evil Dead,” “Power,” “Black Sails” and “Outlander,” which was honored with three of our six Golden Globe® nominations, are delivering strong ratings and viewership, garnering critical acclaim and driving brand recognition for STARZ.
We have also executed very well against our strategy to reach diverse and underserved audiences, including women, African- American and Latino viewers. “Power” has shown incredible growth, doubling its viewership season over season. During the course of its second season, “Power” ranked among the top three scripted series in African-American household viewing out of all the primetime scripted series on TV. We also saw considerable growth in the LeBron James–produced comedy “Survivor’s Remorse,” with African-American household viewership up by more than 40% on STARZ on a live plus seven basis. In addition, we have invested in three new development projects that will help us to further reach Latino audiences: “Maleficio,” “Pour Vida” and “Santeria,” to go along with the previously announced “Havana Quartet” from Antonio Banderas.
                 1
2015 ANNUAL REPORT

                The growing consumer appetite for our programming is attracting more viewers and subscribers. The overall STARZ subscriber tally for year-end 2015 stood at 23.6 million, a new high. And our viewership is up significantly. Compared to 2014, we saw 2015 live plus seven-day viewership of original scripted series on STARZ increase by 20% and viewing within STARZ ON DEMAND increase by more than 30%. Importantly, 78% of the 100 top rated STARZ titles were episodes of STARZ original series.
While our core business continues to perform well, we also took the first step toward alternate distribution opportunities in 2015, beginning with our partnership with Amazon in December. Further expanding our potential reach, in April, Starz launched its first- ever subscription streaming and download-capable app on the Apple and Google platforms, offering the nearly 20 million U.S. broadband-only homes a viable, affordable option to enjoy our content. In an industry-first move, Starz combined our other “TV Everywhere” apps, ENCORE PLAY and MOVIEPLEX PLAY, under the Starz master brand in a single destination STARZ app.
Our team has also been focused on the evolution of the STARZ and ENCORE brands to best position them with consumers. As part of that in early April, we launched a STARZ master brand strategy and repositioned ENCORE under the STARZ umbrella, rebranding it as STARZ ENCORE. More than just new logos and channel names, the STARZ ENCORE networks bring great complementary depth and breadth to the total STARZ content lineup and become a strategic asset to upsell customers, who only subscribe to STARZ ENCORE, to STARZ.
It is clear that we made very significant progress in 2015 and are in a strong position as we move into 2016. Starz has a solid and resilient subscription business model, a commitment to innovate and a brand that is resonating with more and more consumers across multiple and highly desirable demographics. While others in the marketplace offer some of these elements, only Starz brings them all together – and that is the foundation of our success in the rapidly evolving and volatile media and entertainment marketplace.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, executive team and employees of Starz, thank you for your continued support.
Chris Albrecht
Chief Executive Officer Starz
Gregory B. Maffei Chairman of the Board Starz
                       2015 ANNUAL REPORT 2
