                 1
2013 SHAREHOLDER REPORT
LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS Dear Fellow Shareholders,
On behalf of your Board of Directors, executive team and the employees of Starz, we extend a sincere thank you and appreciation for your support of Starz in 2013. It was a year of signifificant accomplishment for Starz as we completed our separation from Liberty Media in January and operated as an independent, publicly traded company for the fifirst time.
Our association with Liberty Media prepared the Starz management team well to deal with the opportunities and challenges of the public markets. The long-standing relationship with Liberty Media supported our focus on effificiently executing the Starz business strategy with the singular objective of creating and delivering value for shareholders.
Implementing a Clear Strategic Business Plan
Our business strategy is focused. The key pillar of our strategy is to invest in original programming that resonates with audiences, while at the same time making certain we have an appealing, balanced portfolio of programming including first-run, theatrical movies from Sony Pictures and Disney. This approach strengthens the STARZ, ENCORE and MOVIEPLEX products, enhances our distributor relationships, and helps us grow subscribers.
Our success in 2013 is reflected in strong financial results. During 2013, Starz delivered $1.78 billion in revenue and $476.9 million in Adjusted OIBDA, an increase of 9 percent and 7 percent respectively, over 2012. Since January 14, 2013, when Starz stock began trading, through January 31, 2014, we repurchased approximately 12.8 million shares, or 10.5% of our outstanding shares, providing further returns to shareholders. As we move forward in 2014, Starz will continue to be opportunistic with respect to share repurchases and the Board has authorized an additional $400 million to our share repurchase program.
As of December 31, 2013, our flagship STARZ network finished the year at 22.2 million subscribers, up 1 million from year-end 2012. The combined STARZ/ENCORE networks remain the leading pair of flagship premium pay TV services in the U.S. today with 57.1 million total subscribers. In December 2013, we enhanced the ENCORE multiplex channel offerings to drive benefits from the changing and growing demographics, including African-Americans, Latinos, Baby Boomers and Millennials.
Investing in Compelling Original Programming
We currently have six STARZ Original series scheduled for 2014 including: “Black Sails,” the return of “Da Vinci’s Demons,” “Power” – a new series from Curtis ’50 Cent’ Jackson, “Outlander” – based off of the international best-selling novels, “Survivor’s Remorse” – a unique comedy series from the all-star team of LeBron James, Tom Werner, Mike O’Malley, Maverick Carter and Paul Wachter, and the eight-part miniseries “The Missing.”
Our original programming strategy will position STARZ to deliver 65-75 hours of programming annually over the next few years, an amount roughly commensurate with other premium category players. Our strategic approach to series production, coupled with domestic and international distribution capabilities helps mitigate the financial risk of production, while maximizing potential returns.

                 Using New Technology to Meet Changing Consumer Viewing Habits
We are also using new technologies to deliver on consumer expectations for a better entertainment experience, while at the same time expanding the reach of our programming through advanced digital distribution platforms. Anybody who has set foot on a plane or train, or interacts with young people, recognizes the way consumers watch and engage with content is changing as advanced consumer technologies proliferate at ever-increasing rates. Starz is embracing this change to ensure that we are serving current subscribers’ needs and enhancing the appeal to younger consumers.
To that end, Starz is working closely with our traditional distribution partners to enhance and improve the “TV Everywhere” experience. Late in 2013, our STARZ PLAY service successfully launched on Xbox®, our fifirst game console launch, bringing our service to TV with an even more consumer-friendly user interface. Xbox 360 users also have access to our companion ENCORE PLAY and MOVIEPLEX PLAY services. We also expect to launch a full complement of our services on Xbox One in 2014.
As we look to the future, we will continue to make prudent technology investments to drive even greater customer value and see these investments as a critical component of our business strategy.
Continued Discipline, Focus and Execution in 2014
We are proud of our success in 2013. Our strategy is building momentum, and we have achieved strong financial results; nevertheless, there is still much to do and the abiding ambition is to create an even more valuable Starz for our shareholders. Looking ahead in 2014, we will maintain our disciplined approach to investing in original programming, developing our brands, deploying our capital efficiently, and using our strong balance sheet to further grow our businesses.
As always, we remain focused on maximizing value for you – our shareholders.
Sincerely,
Chris Albrecht
Chief Executive Officer Starz
Gregory B. Maffei Chairman of the Board Starz
    2013 SHAREHOLDER REPORT 2
