6
 LETTER TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
Orange – Straight RBG build to 4 Col
 1
2012 ANNUAL REPORT
Dear Fellow Stockholder,
2012 was a transformative year for Starz. In August, after 20 plus years as part of Liberty Media Corporation, Liberty’s board of directors determined Starz should become an independent, public company. In establishing an independent Starz, Liberty’s board noted your company’s ability to utilize its strong financial position to enable it to explore and act upon business enhancing strategies and Starz’s optimized capital structure, as well as the continuing growth trends in the premium and pay TV categories. We enthusiastically supported this decision and are truly excited about the business prospects we see for an independent Starz. In 2012, your company delivered a strong financial performance with continued significant free cash flow generation.
As of December 31, 2012, our core networks - STARZ® and ENCORE® - served a combined 56 million subscribers, including 21.2 million at STARZ, and 34.8 million at ENCORE, making them the largest combined pair of premium channels in the U.S. That may come as a surprise to many of you, but what it really means is that Starz has strong and deep relationships with our distributors and content suppliers, and a wonderful platform to build and deliver growth enhancing content and services.
Starz’s long-term output agreements with both Sony Pictures and Disney give us access to world-class theatrical content for years to come. Our distribution relationships with cable, satellite, and telco operators are in place and span all key multichannel providers. It is also important to note that our access to movies not only includes first-run features, but also a consistent pipeline of theatrical library content that comes to the STARZ networks most often in exclusive windows.
There can be no doubt the video media industry landscape is changing. Exciting media technologies and consumers’ continuing appetite for high- quality television experiences are front-page news. Anyone who follows the premium content space closely also knows that one cannot solely depend on the viewership of theatrical movies to deliver a differentiated consumer proposition. One only needs to engage in chatter around the water cooler or on your favorite social networking site to know that more people are discussing exciting original TV series that are emblematic of premium TV. This is precisely the type of programming that we are developing as a robust cornerstone of our strategy. The cultural trends which have led to the rise in popularity of TV series have certainly not been lost on our distribution partners, and we can assure you, it has not been lost on us as we endeavor to make Starz a leader in the premium TV category.
In fact, the leadership team at Starz has more than 30 years of premium television and entertainment industry experience and the know-how and capabilities to transition Starz successfully from a movie-focused premium television service into a highly profitable, leading worldwide network spearheaded by quality original programming.
We have made it our first priority to economically increase the amount of original programming we air on our STARZ networks. We know that Starz’s future lies squarely in expanding our original programming slate to build off of a quality base of Hollywood theatrical movies. It is what consumers want and what our distributors are interested in. It will differentiate our brand and place your company in an even stronger competitive position. This is why we created a new, ambitious Starz mission statement:
To Be a Leading Global Entertainment Brand Providing Powerful and Immersive Experiences
It is also why we adopted a more expansive brand positioning statement that gets to the heart of the significant ambitions we have for STARZ: STARZ: Taking You Places
For 2013, we aired the final season of the worldwide hit series “Spartacus,” which we not only broadcast, but also currently license in approximately 200 territories worldwide. Following the series finale of “Spartacus,” we showcased the world premiere of our next new original series, “Da Vinci’s Demons.” David Goyer, co-writer of the Dark Knight movie trilogy, created “Da Vinci’s Demons” for Starz and gave audiences across the globe a fresh look at a young Leonardo da Vinci in this historical fantasy adventure series. The series had a global premiere in 120 countries, including distribution in English-speaking North America through our Starz Distribution operating segment. Following “Da Vinci’s Demons,” “Magic City” will premiere for its second season. This compelling show set in the glamorous, yet dangerous, world of Miami in the 1950s stars Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Olga Kurylenko, Golden Globe® nominee Danny Huston, and guest stars Academy Award® nominee James Caan. Our final series premiere for 2013 will be “The White Queen,” based on the international best-selling novels by Philippa Gregory. The series will air on STARZ and, like “Magic City,” we will distribute it globally in key territories in 2013 and beyond.
Looking to 2014, we expect to start the year off with a flare when we premiere filmmaker Michael Bay’s (Transformers franchise, Armageddon) first scripted project produced for television, the pirate adventure, “Black Sails.” The eight-episode first season centers on the epic tales and sea battles of Captain Flint and his men and is set more than 20 years before “Treasure Island.” Starz Distribution will also be the distributor of “Black Sails” in all global territories providing your company with the opportunity to earn attractive distribution economics.
o

 r Conversion – Original Blue
 While this is surely an impressive pipeline, our work in developing an even more robust original programming offering has, thus far, been modest due to the size and nature of our theatrical output deals. It was widely publicized that we decided not to renew our agreement with Disney, which currently provides us with first-run releases that extend into 2017. The runway afforded by the departing Disney theatrical output will enable us to accelerate and expand our original programming development over the next several years, so we are in position to offer additional exclusive original content when the Disney product begins to roll-off our networks. In the meantime, we renewed and extended our theatrical agreement with Sony Pictures, ensuring that we have access to more great movies from one of Hollywood’s most successful studios. Importantly, Sony Pictures’ films nicely complement our audience demographics and enhance our brand with our viewers.
As a new independent, public company, our Starz executive team and our new board of directors are firmly committed to increasing stockholder value. Our board is responsible for providing strategic direction on how our capital is invested, and it is our firm intention to invest in long-term, value creating strategies. Prudently increasing the volume of original programming is at the top of management’s list. Over time, we believe this investment will pay off handsomely. More and varied original programming content will attract consumers and provide additional value to our distributors. In turn, this value creation should be rewarded through improved economics for Starz with both our current and potential new distributors.
We are also excited by the opportunities presented by the rise of powerful consumer media technologies which are driving a fundamental, long-term shift to multi-platform viewing of entertainment content—on TVs, PCs, Tablets, and other mobile devices. While we firmly believe linear television will remain healthy for many years, there is no arguing that any business providing quality content to consumers also needs to consider the expanding options to deliver that content to create highest value for consumers.
Addressing the opportunity to super-serve our subscribers, wherever they are and on their most convenient devices, we recently launched the Starz suite of Internet-enabled digital PLAY services. STARZ Play, ENCORE Play, and MOVIEPLEX® Play services are available to our subscribers on a variety of sought-after platforms including on PCs and Macs, iOS devices like the iPad, and on Android devices. Following on our first PLAY launch with Cox Communications, we recently rolled out PLAY services to DIRECTV, AT&T U-verse TV, and Verizon FiOS TV customers. Early indications suggest the PLAY suite is going to be very popular with viewers and we expect to have more of our subscriber base PLAY-ready by the end of this year. Most importantly, the PLAY services give us further flexibility to help bolster our distributors’ video platforms by providing their customers with the exciting benefits of device-based media viewing.
We have made a tremendous amount of progress over the past year positioning our business for future success. But we really are just getting started. Over the next year, we will continue to build a unique library of content, monetize our entertainment properties in profitable ways, and maintain strong and deep relationships with our distributors and content suppliers. While we continue to implement our exciting original programming strategy, we will remain vigilant to ensure we also maintain a strong financial position. While our first priority is to invest in a disciplined way in the organic growth of our business, we will also consider other financial options for increasing stockholder returns.
In closing, we would like to thank our employees, our board of directors, as well as John Malone and our other partners at Liberty Media, all of whom have been instrumental in helping position Starz for long-term success as a leader in the premium TV category.
We would also like to thank you, our stockholders, for your support. We are committed to the growth of your company and delivering real value to you. Regards,
      Chris Albrecht
Chief Executive Officer
Gregory B. Maffei Chairman of the Board
  2012 ANNUAL REPORT 2
o
