  Joseph L. Hooley
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders
When we look back on the first two decades of the 21st century,
I believe this period will be remembered for the role that technology- driven innovation played in transforming the way we live, work and interact. As new technologies and breakthroughs in digitization redefine markets and customer expectations, the implications for financial services providers are profound.
Our renewed commitment
to these two critical initiatives— digitizing our company and setting a new standard for risk excellence — are foundational to State Street’s future success.
At State Street, we have a long history of investing in and integrating technology to strengthen our business and spur innovation, and in recent years we’ve made significant strides in digitizing
our operations to provide more efficient and effective solutions for our clients. Building on the successful completion in 2014 of our multi-year Business Operations and Information Technology Transformation program, we announced in October 2015 the next phase of our digital evolution, a five-year initiative we’re calling State Street Beacon.
We expect Beacon to strengthen
our position as a digital leader in
the financial services industry and generate $550 million of annual pre- tax net run-rate expense reductions1 by the end of 2020, compared with our 2015 operating-basis2 expenses. It will enable us to expand and improve end- to-end service delivery, increase scale and efficiency and position us to better serve our clients’ increasing needs for sophisticated data analytics, insights and solutions.
In my letter to you last year, I noted
that we had increased investment
in our regulatory compliance and
risk management infrastructure and processes and resolved to make risk excellence a competitive strength for State Street. These efforts gathered momentum in 2015 as we elevated risk excellence as a top priority across the company, on par with our commitment to client centricity and financial performance. We strengthened our risk assessment and monitoring capabilities by investing in skilled people, technology and processes. We rolled out a newly revised Standard of Conduct and
Ethical Decision-Making Framework to all employees, and we initiated a new compliance architecture that clarifies accountability and individual responsibility for managing risk.
Our renewed commitment to these
two critical initiatives — digitizing our company and setting a new standard for risk excellence — are foundational to State Street’s future success.
 
   Overall, our capital ratios, which are an important measure of financial strength, remain among the highest in
the industry.
Summary Financial Results
We faced a number of challenges in 2015, including persistently low interest rates, the strengthening U.S. dollar, and heightened regulatory costs. At mid- year, we were tracking well against our annual financial goals, but declining global equity markets and investor outflows presented additional hurdles in the second half of the year, and we fell short of achieving our overall financial targets for the year.
Our 2015 GAAP-basis diluted earnings per common share were $4.47, down 1.3 percent compared with $4.53 in 2014. GAAP-basis revenue increased 0.8 percent to $10.4 billion for the year, while total expenses rose 2.8 percent. Our 2015 GAAP-basis return on average common shareholders’ equity was 9.8 percent, unchanged from the prior- year level.
On an operating basis2, our 2015 diluted earnings per common share were $4.89, down 3.2 percent from $5.05 in 2014. Operating-basis revenue rose
0.1 percent to $10.6 billion for the year, while operating-basis expenses rose 1.3 percent. The impact of the stronger U.S. dollar constrained revenue growth but helped reduce expenses. Normalizing for the effects of currency, revenue rose 3.1 percent and expenses rose 4.7 percent, on an operating basis.
Operating-basis fee revenue rose
2.1 percent, resulting in positive fee operating leverage3 of 79 basis points. Our operating-basis return on average common shareholders’ equity was 10.7 percent, compared with 10.9 percent in 2014.
While disappointed in our 2015 financial results, I am confident we have the right strategy and talent in place and are making the necessary investments in technology and risk management
to position State Street to deliver shareholder value over the long term.
I am pleased with the progress we made during the year in a number of areas across the company, which I believe position us for improved performance and profitable growth.
Optimizing our Capital Position
We continued to prioritize returning capital to shareholders in 2015, while strengthening our capital base and retaining sufficient funds to invest in our business. We bought back $1.52 billion of our common stock in 2015 and declared a total of $1.32 per share in common stock dividends, an increase of nearly 14 percent over dividends per share declared in 2014. Our capital ratios improved from 2014 year-end levels, reflecting our proactive efforts to reduce both risk-weighted assets

 We continue
to see diverse opportunities
to deepen our relationships
with existing clients and attract new business.
and the level of client deposits on our balance sheet. Overall, our capital ratios, which are an important measure of financial strength, remain among the highest in the industry.
Strengthening our Global Franchise
We serve many of the world’s most sophisticated institutional investors
in more than 100 geographic markets worldwide. In 2015, 42 percent of our asset servicing revenue and 35 percent of our asset management revenue came from outside the U.S., and approximately half of our employees were based outside the U.S.
We strengthened our presence in Europe in 2015 by opening an office in Copenhagen and preparing to expand operations in Poland, where we opened an office in Gdansk in early 2016. Our new Copenhagen office deepens our overall Nordic reach and reinforces our commitment to growing our business in the region. The new Gdansk office builds on the success of our existing operations in Krakow, Poland, which opened in 2007 and now employs 2,500 people providing a range of services to support our businesses across Europe, including investment fund accounting, securities valuation and financial reporting.
Our asset servicing business added $800 billion of new client commitments during 2015, and we continue to see diverse opportunities to deepen our relationships with existing clients and attract new business.
The strength of our capabilities and quality of our client services received recognition throughout the year. We were honored as No.1 Global Custodian (global total score) in the 2015 Global Custody Survey by Global Investor/ISF and as Global Custodian of the Year by Central Banking Publications in its annual awards recognizing excellence in the official institutions industry. Custody
Risk selected us as top Custodian (U.S. and Canada), Hedge Fund Administrator and Transfer Agent of the Year in its
2015 Americas Awards, and also as Transition Manager, Securities Lender and Transfer Agent of the Year in its
2015 European Awards. We also were named Fund Administrator of the Year by Global Investor/ISF in its 2015 Investment Excellence Awards, and Asset Service Provider of the Year by AsianInvestor in its 2015 Asset Management Awards.
Investing in Growth
Our asset management business, State Street Global Advisors (SSGA), continued to invest in its exchange traded fund

 In June... we launched the Boston Workforce Investment Network, or Boston WINs, a four-year pilot program to boost education and
job readiness for urban youth in Boston.
(ETF) product line-up and distribution channels and over the past two years has nearly doubled its U.S. sales force that works with financial intermediaries and retail clients. SSGA launched 35 ETFs during the year and had five of
the top 10 new products in the U.S., including the fastest-growing new fund, a total return tactical ETF launched in
a partnership with DoubleLine Capital. SSGA also expanded its Environmental, Social and Governance product offering with the launch of the first ETF designed to help investors seeking to eliminate fossil fuel reserves from their portfolio while maintaining exposure to the core of the S&P 500 Index.
Since its launch in 2013, State Street Global ExchangeSM has worked with asset owners and asset managers to help them use advanced data analytics to make better-informed business decisions, such as uncovering new investment approaches or managing risk or liquidity more effectively
across their portfolios. Investors and regulators are increasingly concerned about portfolio liquidity challenges that can arise from a mix of factors, such as investment trends and the overall market environment. State Street Global Exchange provides tools and
solutions, including expertise in liquidity measurement and stress testing, to help investment managers comply with their global regulatory requirements. For example, our liquidity risk solution, which we tailor to each client’s specific needs, aggregates and manages
data from multiple providers to present a consistent view of liquidity across portfolios.
Committed to Corporate Responsibility
We believe that being a responsible corporate citizen is essential to the long-term success of our business,
and the strength of our business is directly linked to the well-being of the communities in which we operate. Our State Street Foundation provided $22.7 million to nonprofit organizations around the world in 2015, including matching employee contributions of $4.2 million to 2,222 charitable organizations.
During the year, more than a fifth of
our employees participated in company-sponsored volunteer activities, devoting 116,000 hours of their time to charitable causes.
In June, given our emphasis on education and workforce development, we launched the Boston Workforce
  
We believe
that being a responsible corporate citizen is essential to the long-term success of our business.
Investment Network, or Boston WINs, a four-year pilot program to boost education and job readiness for urban youth in Boston, our headquarters for well over 200 years. Our Foundation pledged to donate $20 million to five nonprofit organizations over four years and hire 1,000 young people who work with them to advance their education and job readiness. All five of these partner organizations have committed to working closely with each other and with State Street to pursue our shared objectives of providing education, training and meaningful career opportunities for Boston youth – and to measure, assess and report our joint progress regularly.
We believe Boston WINs will provide better job skills and career opportunities for young Bostonians; a stronger, more diverse pipeline of local talent for State Street and other employers; and a more prosperous Boston. We hope to mirror the WINs model over time in other locations where we operate.
Our efforts to be a responsible corporate citizen received widespread recognition in 2015. Corporate Responsibility Magazine named State Street to its list
of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens
for the ninth consecutive year. We
also received a perfect 100 rating for the second consecutive year in the Human Rights Campaign’s 2015 Corporate Equality Index, a national benchmarking survey and report on corporate policies and practices related to LGBT workplace equality.
Looking Ahead
Our strategy continues to be supported by long-term secular trends, including the globalization of investment assets and growth in global retirement savings pools. At the same time, institutional investors are wrestling with significant challenges and uncertainty in the current environment, including weak global growth, volatile financial markets, heightened regulatory expectations, extremely low interest rates, and the impact of technological disruption and new competition. As a trusted partner
to many of the world’s largest asset owners and asset managers, we’re well-positioned to provide insights and solutions to support our clients as they respond to these challenges and pursue opportunities to grow their business.
 
    Regardless of what 2016 may bring,
we will continue to focus on what’s within our control and do our best to respond effectively to those elements we can’t control. Generating positive fee operating leverage (growing fee revenue at a faster rate than expenses) remains a top priority for us in 2016. We are sharply focused on managing expenses while pursuing opportunities to accelerate revenue growth through cross-selling and product innovation.
I am grateful to you, our shareholders, for your investment in us, and to the approximately 30,000 State Street employees around the world who are working hard to reward your confidence in us.
Sincerely,
Joseph L. Hooley
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 23, 2016
 1 Estimated pre-tax expense savings relate only to State Street Beacon and the targeted staff reductions announced as part of our 3Q15 financial results and are based on projected improvement from our full-year 2015 operating-basis expenses, all else being equal. Actual expenses may increase or decrease in the future due to other factors.
2 This letter to shareholders includes financial information presented on a GAAP basis as well as on a non-GAAP, or “operating,” basis. Our management team measures and compares certain financial information on an operating basis,
as we believe this presentation supports meaningful comparisons from period to period and the analysis of comparable financial trends with respect to State Street’s normal ongoing business operations. We believe that operating-basis financial information, which reports revenue from non-taxable sources, such as interest revenue from tax-exempt investment securities and processing fees and other revenue associated with tax-advantaged investments, on a fully-taxable equivalent basis and excludes the impact of revenue and expenses outside of the normal course of business, facilitates an investor’s understanding and analysis of State Street’s underlying financial performance and trends in addition to financial information prepared and reported in conformity with GAAP. Operating-basis, or non-GAAP, financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, financial measures determined in conformity with GAAP.
3 Fee operating leverage is defined as rate of growth of total fee revenue less the rate of growth of expense, each as determined on an operating basis.
