                      TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS
The year 2001 was marked by unique challenges and opportunities. The environment in which we operated was difficult in many ways. Economic growth slowed significantly in all regions of the world. Stock market performance was weak for the second consecutive year – the first such downturn in the United States since 1973, and the first in global markets since 1982. The terrorist attacks and unprecedented market disruption in September filled the world with political uncertainty and a sense of anxiety.
Despite these considerable challenges, State Street turned in strong performance in many areas in 2001. We achieved our 24th consecutive year of double-digit growth in operating earnings per share. We brought in an impressive amount of new business in all products in all parts of the world. We launched transfer agency systems in Luxembourg and the United Kingdom. We were recognized as a great place for women to work. We devoted 1.5% of our pre-tax profits to support community needs throughout the world as we have for more than 20 years. And we continued to develop as a team. All in all, 2001 was a year of considerable achievement for State Street.
Financial Results Our primary financial goal is to achieve sustainable real growth in earnings per share. In 2001, operating earnings per share increased 10%, to $2.00 on a diluted basis. Our ten-year growth rate for operating earnings per share is 16% compounded annually.
Operating revenue, driven by new business from existing and new clients, increased 8%, to $3.9 billion, in 2001. In the fourth quarter, we achieved $1 billion in revenue – a record result. Facing a challenging environment, we tempered our year-over-year expense growth to 8%, in step with revenue growth, while continuing to invest in the technology and infrastructure needed to drive our future growth.
 2 State Street Corporation
 
                We continue to differentiate ourselves by stating a goal for revenue growth. We have reaffirmed our goal of achieving 12.5% real compound annual growth from 2000 through 2010, although, as has been true in the past, we do not expect to achieve that rate every year in the ten-year period.
Our supporting goal for return on stockholders’ equity is to achieve 18% annually. In 2001, we exceeded that goal by delivering operating ROE of 18.2%.
We distributed a two-for-one stock split in the form of a 100% stock dividend on May 30, 2001, and we increased our quarterly cash dividend declared twice during the year for the 23rd consecutive year. Cash dividends declared in 2001 increased 17% from the prior year.
  
x
e
lobalizati
  Seizing Opportunity For me personally, our ability to perform so well in such a difficult year served to crystallize some important conclusions. First, I believe that our fundamental strategy – focusing on serving the needs of sophisticated investors around the world – is sound. Second, I believe that we have enormous opportunities to leverage our leadership in financial services and grow around the world.
State Street clearly distinguished itself in the marketplace in 2001. Most notably, we did an excellent job of serving our clients. State Street people are passionately committed to making our clients successful. We use our insight and technology to integrate our products and services into solutions that work effectively for them. We have the vision and fortitude to deliver excellence consistently, day in and day out – as is evidenced by the experience of clients such as Federated Investors, who has been growing with us for more than 40 years.
Of equal importance is the fact that we have positioned ourselves to benefit from some very powerful global trends. These trends are (1) ongoing convergence in the financial services industry, (2) a worldwide sense of urgency about the need for retirement security, and (3) a growing trend by investment managers to outsource activities that aren’t part of their core competencies.
It is not enough simply to be “in the right place at the right time.” To benefit fully from the effects of these trends, State Street is thinking ahead in dynamic and creative ways. Then we implement – and State Street is an expert at getting things done.
 4 State Street Corporation
 go

xpe
  Convergence in the financial services industry provides State Street with an opportunity to assume a leadership role. The new global players who are emerging are looking for a partner who can offer a full range of integrated service solutions and is highly experienced in dealing with financial operations worldwide – including different regulations and technologies. These requirements coincide perfectly with State Street’s core strengths – strengths we have proven in serving clients such as Chuo Mitsui, Merrill Lynch and UBSWarburg.
Another global trend that benefits State Street is a growing sense of urgency about retirement security, driven by increasing life expectancy in most parts of the world. This trend is putting pressure on retirement systems, leading governments and employers to devise new strategies to help workers invest for their futures. These efforts are creating growing pools of retirement assets, which must be managed and serviced. State Street’s deep expertise in global financial markets, as well as our position as a world leader in pension fund servicing – is a strong advantage for us. We participate by providing services to investment managers and by managing assets ourselves through innovative solutions such as exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and enhanced indexing.
The move toward operations outsourcing is another area in which State Street has a clear advantage. We are creating a scaleable solution for investment managers who need complete servicing of their back and middle office operations. Our success with Pacific Investment Management Company (PIMCO) and Scottish Widows has made us the leading candidate in current searches.
 State Street Corporation 5
 on

erien
  Strategic Focus We are deepening our position as the trusted partner of sophisticated investors by building on our strengths. Among these strengths are:
A strategic client orientation Partnering with clients to deliver State Street’s best capabilities in responsive, trust-based relationships that meet true client needs.
A global focus Integrating service delivery and providing for local differences on behalf of clients everywhere.
A technological advantage Using innovative technology to deliver efficient, client-friendly solutions.
One of State Street’s greatest assets is the quality of our people. Our achievement of solid results this year in the face of such difficult economic and market conditions is a testament to our team’s focus, commitment to client service and integrity.
In December 2001, our Board of Directors elected Ron Logue as President and Chief Operating Officer of State Street. Ron and I have worked together closely for more than a decade, and I look forward to continuing our partnership. Ron’s strong client focus, his understanding of the potential offered by technology and his proven ability to deliver both innovation and reliability contribute significantly to our success in maintaining our competitive advantage and advancing our global leadership.
 6 State Street Corporation
 
nce
  I am very pleased with our performance in the past year and am both confident and enthusiastic about our prospects for the future. I want to thank our 19,800 employees in 22 countries for their hard work. I also want to thank our stockholders for their continued support. In 2002 and beyond, we will seize more and more opportunities to grow, to deliver value to our clients and stockholders and to continue to build on State Street’s reputation as a world leader in financial services.
Sincerely,
David A. Spina
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
from left to right:
Ronald E. Logue
President and Chief Operating Officer
John R. Towers
Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer
David A. Spina
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
  