To Our Shareholders
Joseph L. Hooley
Chairman, president and Chief executive officer
  
Introduction
State Street performed well amid a challenging year for the financial services industry where global risk taking was subdued, the low interest-rate environment continued and volatility in the currency markets was sharply lower than in 2011. We remained focused on our strategic priorities: driving profitable growth from our core businesses, optimizing our capital, delivering value to our clients, transforming our operating model and supporting our communities.
Driving Profitable Growth from Our Core Businesses
We continued to invest in our business to expand our range of solutions for our clients. We balanced our investments with aggressive expense control, including savings achieved from the continued implementation of our Business Operations and Information Technology Transformation program launched in 2010. These actions, combined with revenue growth, resulted in positive operating leverage1 for 2012 compared to 2011.
Our 2012 GAAP-basis diluted earnings per common share were $4.20, a 10.8 percent increase compared to $3.79 in 2011, with 2012 GAAP-basis revenue of $9.65 billion, a slight increase over 2011 revenue of $9.59 billion. Our 2012 GAAP-basis return on average common shareholders' equity was 10.3 percent, compared to 10.0 percent in 2011. On an operating basis2, 2012 diluted earnings per common share were $3.95, up 5.9 percent from $3.73 in 2011. Operating-basis revenue increased from $9.56 billion in 2011 to $9.73 billion in 2012, and operating-basis return on average common shareholders' equity was 9.7 percent in 2012, down slightly from 9.9 percent in 2011. Our core fee revenue, which is composed of fees for asset servicing and asset management, increased 2.0 percent from 2011.
Several long-term trends fuel our confidence in the future. Globalization, retirement savings, and regulation and complexity represent significant potential growth drivers, as we see increasing opportunities to support our clients.
With the ongoing globalization of investment and distribution channels, markets are becoming more open and accessible, enabling investors to consider opportunities on a global scale. Through our strong global footprint, in which we operate in more than 100 geographic markets, we can support our clients with a globally consistent approach and local insight as they seek growth opportunities in existing and developing markets. In 2012, approximately 40 percent of our total revenue came from outside the U.S., and approximately 28 percent of our new business in asset servicing and 86 percent of our net new assets to be managed came from non-U.S. clients. In addition, approximately 47 percent of our staff works outside of the U.S.
The global evolution of retirement savings plans will have a major impact for many of our clients, providing significant opportunities for us. In the past decade, defined contribution, or DC, plans have grown from 38 percent to 43 percent of pension assets as more employers introduced these plans across the globe.3 We expect that this trend will encourage wider savings in developed markets, while pension reform in emerging markets will be an important driver of investment assets in those markets. As a leading servicer of both mutual funds and exchange- traded funds, or ETFs, the principal vehicles for DC plans, we are well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity.
Lastly, increasing regulation and complexity in financial markets is driving the demand for transparency and enhanced operating models for asset owners and managers. For example, investment manager operations outsourcing has grown significantly over the past 10 years. We've been in this business since 2000 and have developed a service platform that has attracted large, multi-domicile clients with a wide variety of asset types. As of the end of 2012, we serviced more than $8 trillion of assets in this business, making us the no. 1 provider in investment manager operations outsourcing.4 With our knowledge in servicing complex structures and products, we can deliver flexible, best-in-class solutions for our clients.
Optimizing Our Capital
We remain focused on delivering long-term value to our shareholders. Our financial strength and disciplined approach to capital management have enabled us to maintain consistently strong regulatory capital ratios, both as reported under Basel I and as estimated under the proposed Basel III standards for the U.S., based on our understanding of those proposals.

We've maintained these regulatory capital ratios while also returning capital, in the form of common stock dividends and common share purchases, to our shareholders. In 2012, we purchased approximately 33 million shares of our common stock at a total cost of $1.44 billion, and we declared a total of $0.96 per share in common stock dividends.
In February 2013, we increased our quarterly common stock dividend to a new split-adjusted high of $0.26 per common share, representing a $0.02 per share increase. Following the March 2013 results of the Federal Reserve's 2013 Comprehensive Capital Adequacy Review, or CCAR, of bank holding companies, we also announced a new common share purchase program. This new program authorizes the purchase of up to $2.1 billion of our common stock through March 31, 2014, an increase of $300 million over the previously authorized program in place from April 1, 2012 to March 31, 2013. The timing of our common stock purchases and the number of shares purchased under this new program will, of course, depend on various factors, including market conditions, our capital position, our financial performance and other investment opportunities.
Delivering Value to Our Clients
We had strong demand for our solutions across our global client base during 2012 - resulting in client commitments of $1.2 trillion of assets to be serviced from both current and new clients. In October 2012, we acquired the hedge-fund administrator, Goldman Sachs Administration Services. Following this acquisition, we are seeing early sales success as we introduce these new clients to our expanded range of solutions. This acquisition makes us the largest hedge-fund administrator in the world.5
State Street Global Advisors, or SSgA, had a strong year in 2012 with net new assets to be managed totaling $81 billion for the year. ETFs continue to gain in popularity and at the end of 2012, SSgA's ETF assets under management reached a record level of $337 billion, representing a year-over-year increase of 23 percent. In 2013, we celebrate the 20th anniversary of our launch of the SPDR® S&P 500® ETF. Traded under the ticker symbol SPY, the SPDR® ETF is one of the oldest, largest and most actively traded ETFs in the world.6 It was the initial building block of our SPDR® ETF family, which now includes more than 170 funds. Additionally, we were named Best ETF Service Provider in Asia/Pacific and Europe by exchangetradedfunds.com at their 2012 Global ETF Awards.
We also received several industry accolades during the year, further illustrating our client focus and success, including:
• No. 1 Bank by Overall Financial Health (Forbes 2012 Best Banks in America)
• Outsourcing Provider of the Year (Custody Risk 2012 Americas Awards)
• No. 1 in Flow Research for Real Money Clients (Euromoney 2012 Foreign Exchange Survey)
• No. 1 Equity Lender (Global Investor/isf 2012 Equity Lending Survey)
Transforming Our Operating Model
2012 marked the second full year of the implementation of our Business Operations and Information Technology Transformation program. At the core of this program is a simple idea - smart growth. We're enhancing our operating model to reduce costs and improve client experience. In 2012, we achieved $112 million of incremental pre-tax expense savings, giving us total cumulative pre-tax expense savings of $198 million since the program's inception in 2010.7 An element of the program involves migrating to a private cloud computer environment, which is already creating opportunities for us to respond more quickly to client requests, to develop new products faster and to deliver those products more efficiently.
Supporting Our Communities
Our success isn't just measured by our bottom line. We are committed to the communities in which we operate. During 2012, State Street employees volunteered more than 87,000 hours, which contributed to us winning the International Association for Volunteer Effort's “Global Volunteer Program Award” for our exemplary overall approach to global corporate volunteering. Additionally, our State Street Foundation provided $20.7 million in grants to nonprofit organizations globally, including $2.5 million in employee matching gifts and contributions from our annual Global Giving Campaign in 2012.

Looking Ahead
We are in a strong position to drive continued growth. Our focus is to continue creating innovative solutions for clients, improving our operational efficiency and returning capital to shareholders. Although we do anticipate a continued challenging market environment, I am confident in the secular trends that underpin the prospects for growth in our business.
We appreciate your investment in State Street and will continue to work hard to reward your confidence in us.
Joseph L. Hooley
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 25, 2013
1Operating leverage is defined as the rate of growth of total revenue less the rate of growth of total expenses, each as determined on an operating basis.
2This shareholder letter includes financial information presented on a GAAP basis as well as on a non-GAAP, or “operating,” basis. Management measures and compares certain financial information on an operating basis, as it believes that this presentation supports meaningful comparisons from period to period and the analysis of comparable financial trends with respect to State Street's normal ongoing business operations. Management believes that operating-basis financial information, which reports revenue from non-taxable sources, such as interest revenue from tax-exempt investment securities and processing fees and other revenue associated with tax-advantaged investments, on a fully-taxable equivalent basis and excludes the impact of revenue and expenses outside of the normal course of business, facilitates an investor's understanding and analysis of State Street's underlying financial performance and trends in addition to financial information prepared and reported in conformity with GAAP. Operating-basis, or non-GAAP, financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, financial measures determined in conformity with GAAP.
3Towers Watson, Global Pension Assets Study 2012 (January 2012). 4Scrip Issue Global Report (September 2012).
5HFMWeek Assets Under Administration Survey (November 2012). 6www.arcavision.com, as of June 30, 2012.
7The full effect of the pre-tax expense savings is not expected to be experienced until 2015. This information is based on the approximate mid-point of the range of the estimated annual pre-tax, run-rate expense savings of $575 million - $625 million at the end of 2014, for full effect in 2015. Estimated pre-tax expense savings relate only to the Business Operations and Information Technology Transformation program and are based on projected improvement from total 2010 expenses from operations. State Street's actual total expenses have increased since 2010, and may in the future increase or decrease, due to other factors.
  