         Joseph L. Hooley
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders
  
State Street produced good results in 2014 despite a challenging operating environment. Strength in our core asset servicing and asset management businesses reflected progress we’ve made developing and delivering solutions to meet our clients’ evolving needs. We also maintained consistently strong regulatory capital ratios and returned $2.14 billion to shareholders through common stock repurchases and dividends, while continuing to invest in initiatives intended to spur future growth. These results were impressive, particularly considering the extremely low interest rate environment we faced throughout the year and higher expenses related to increasing regulatory compliance requirements.
A commitment to integrity is deeply ingrained in our values and culture, and we know that maintaining the confidence of our stakeholders is absolutely essential to our continued success. In 2014, we stepped up investment in our regulatory compliance and risk management infrastructure and processes, as we adjusted to heightened regulatory expectations and helped our clients do the same. We will continue to devote significant attention and resources to these priorities in 2015 with the goal of making risk excellence a competitive strength and point of pride for us.
Summary Financial Results
Our 2014 GAAP-basis diluted earnings per common share were $4.57, down 1.1 percent compared with $4.62 in 2013, with GAAP-basis revenue increasing 4.2 percent to $10.3 billion. Our 2014 GAAP-basis return on average common shareholders’ equity was 9.8 percent, down from 10.5 percent in 2013. On an operating basis1, our 2014 diluted earnings per common share were $5.09, up 12.1 percent from $4.54 in 2013, with operating-basis revenue increasing 5.9 percent to $10.6 billion. Our operating-basis return on average common shareholders’ equity was 10.9 percent, up from 10.3 percent in 2013.
Our common stock share price rose 7.0 percent during 2014, for a total shareholder return of 8.7 percent, including dividends. For the three-year period ending December 31, 2014, our shareholders of common stock earned a total return of 105.5 percent, compared with a total return of 74.5 percent for the S&P 500 Index.
Focused on Delivering Value to Our Stakeholders
We remain committed to our overarching goal of delivering long-term value to our clients, shareholders, employees and the communities we serve, while also focused on returning capital to shareholders and investing in compelling opportunities to grow our business. For shareholders, our long-term operating-basis1 financial targets are to grow diluted earnings per common share by 10-15 percent, revenue by 8-12 percent, and return on average common shareholders’ equity by 12-15 percent, while also generating positive operating leverage2.
Our 2014 operating-basis earnings per share result was within our target range, but our revenue and return on equity performance did not hit our targets. We remain confident, however, in our ability to achieve these goals over the long term. This confidence is supported by our belief that we are pursuing the right strategy: building on our strong core to drive profitable growth, achieving a digital enterprise, investing in opportunities for growth, and optimizing our capital position - all supported by our foundation of talent, culture, innovation and risk excellence.
Building on Our Strong Core to Drive Profitable Growth
As one of the world’s largest investment servicing providers and a global leader in investment management, our strong global franchise, broad service offerings, experience and culture set us apart from our competitors in meeting the needs of institutional investors around the world.
We differentiate ourselves by being a strategic partner to our clients and working hard to understand their objectives, their challenges and what they need to succeed. We‘ve implemented a “Sector Solutions” approach to sales and marketing, focusing on the specific needs of our core client categories: asset managers, insurance companies, asset owners, alternative asset managers, and official institutions and sovereign wealth funds. We bring subject matter experts together from across State Street and identify the challenges and opportunities our clients face within each sector. Then we work with our clients to develop an integrated set of solutions to address their key needs.
Our clients have responded positively to this approach. In 2014, we secured commitments from new and existing clients of more than $1.1 trillion of new business in assets to be serviced, and we attracted approximately $28 billion in net new assets to be managed. We ended the year with assets under custody and administration of $28.2 trillion. In addition, asset servicing and asset management fees grew by 6.9 percent year over year.
State Street Global Advisors (SSGA) achieved strong results in 2014, ending the year with $2.45 trillion in managed assets. SSGA also strengthened the wide range of investment management solutions it provides across the risk/

return spectrum. It continues to be a leader and innovator in the exchange-traded funds (ETF) market, having grown its managed ETF assets at a 19 percent compound annual rate over the past three years. In addition, SSGA doubled the size of its U.S. retail intermediary marketing and distribution team in 2014 and launched 27 new ETF products. It also expanded its capabilities in alternative investments and multi-asset-class solutions.
Achieving a Digital Enterprise
The successful completion of our Business Operations and Information Technology Transformation program at 2014 year-end was a major milestone for us, and it fundamentally improved the way we deliver services to our clients. Over the course of the four-year program, we achieved more than $625 million of total annualized pre-tax savings, based on projected improvement from our total 2010 expenses from operations, all else being equal. We expect to benefit from the full effect of these savings in 2015.
This transformation of our operating model, including the move to our patented private cloud environment and expansion of our use of centers of excellence, substantially bolstered our capacity for change and innovation. It also has allowed us to utilize large volumes of data to provide clients with new insights into risk management and investment strategy. This has been a key enabler of our Global Exchange business, which has gained considerable traction since its launch in 2013.
The next phase of our quest to achieve a digital enterprise involves moving more applications to our private cloud infrastructure. We also will continue to automate and standardize core business processes with the goal of enhancing operational efficiency, reducing costs and paving the way for further investment and innovation to benefit our clients.
Investing in Opportunities for Growth
We remain focused on delivering innovative solutions to support our clients’ needs, while taking advantage of opportunities to expand our global footprint, which currently spans more than 100 geographic markets worldwide. Our objective is to deliver an exceptional experience for our clients in every part of the globe, while understanding local regulatory standards and business practices to tailor our services. In 2014, approximately 42 percent of our asset servicing revenue and 37 percent of our asset management revenue came from outside the U.S., and roughly half of our employees were based outside of the U.S.
During 2014, we experienced strong growth in our business that services the fast-growing alternatives investments market, which includes hedge funds, private equity and real estate. We have an early mover advantage in this business, having established a position in this market in 2002. Over the past 10 years through the end of 2014, our alternatives business has grown from $139 billion to $1.32 trillion in assets serviced, representing a compound annual rate of 28 percent, more than twice the overall market’s growth rate3. We continue to see good growth opportunities in this market as more firms look to outsource.
Optimizing Our Capital Position
We continued to balance our investments in growth initiatives in 2014 with delivering value to our shareholders and maintaining consistently strong regulatory capital ratios. We remain focused on returning capital to shareholders while meeting regulatory requirements and retaining sufficient funds to invest in our business. In 2014, we purchased approximately 23.8 million shares of our common stock, including 17.7 million shares under the $1.7 billion program approved by our Board of Directors in March 2014 that ran through March 2015. We declared a total of $1.16 per share in common stock dividends in 2014.
Strengthening Our Foundation
The foundation of our strategy is the talent, culture, innovation and risk excellence that drive our results, and we’re always working to strengthen that foundation. That starts with recruiting, retaining and developing the talented employees responsible for our success and nurturing a culture and work environment that allows them to do great work. Through our partnership with TED, a nonprofit organization devoted to spreading ideas, usually in the form of short, powerful talks, we’re able to showcase our people and other speakers who spark our imagination and inspire us to find new ways to develop creative solutions for our clients.
We also take great pride in contributing to the health and stability of the communities in which we operate, with a particular emphasis on supporting education and workforce development. In 2014, our State Street Foundation provided $18.8 million in grants to nonprofit organizations around the world, including matching employee contributions of $3.3 million to 2,135 charitable organizations. In addition, our employees devoted more than 103,000 hours volunteering in their communities. These efforts contributed to State Street being named one of the top 100 Best Corporate Citizens by Corporate Responsibility Magazine for the eighth consecutive year.

Strengthening our foundation also involves our culture and values, including sharpening our discipline and effectiveness in the critical areas of risk management and regulatory compliance. Our goals are to ensure risk excellence is at the forefront of how we do business and embedded into the decisions we make every day.
Looking Ahead
In 2015, we remain focused on delivering solutions that help our clients achieve their business objectives and navigate increasingly complex regulatory requirements. We believe we have the right strategy, people and operational effectiveness to serve our clients well and deliver strong value and results for all our stakeholders.
Thank you for your investment in State Street. We will continue to work hard to reward your confidence in us. Sincerely,
Joseph L. Hooley
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 23, 2015
Forward-Looking Statements
This letter contains forward-looking statements as defined by U.S. securities laws, including statements relating to our goals and expectations regarding our business, financial and capital condition, results of operations, the financial and market outlook, dividend and stock purchase programs, governmental and regulatory initiatives and developments, and the business environment. Forward-looking statements are often, but not always, identified by such forward-looking terminology as “goal,” “target,” “expect,” “objective,” “intend,” “believe,” “may,” “will,” “focus”, and “strategy” or similar statements or variations of such terms. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, are inherently uncertain, are based on current assumptions that are difficult to predict and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed in those statements, and those statements should not be relied upon as representing our expectations or beliefs as of any date subsequent to the date of this letter.
Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by any forward-looking statements are set forth in our accompanying 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our subsequent SEC filings. We encourage investors to read these filings, particularly the sections on risk factors, for additional information with respect to any forward-looking statements and prior to making any investment decision. The forward-looking statements contained in this letter speak only as of the date of this letter, and we do not undertake efforts to revise those forward-looking statements to reflect events after that date.
1 This letter to shareholders includes financial information presented on a GAAP basis as well as on a non-GAAP, or “operating” basis. Our management team measures and compares certain financial information on an operating basis, as we believe this presentation supports meaningful comparisons from period to period and the analysis of comparable financial trends with respect to State Street’s normal ongoing business operations. We believe that operating-basis financial information, which reports revenue from non-taxable sources, such as interest revenue from tax-exempt investment securities and processing fees and other revenue associated with tax-advantaged investments, on a fully-taxable equivalent basis and excludes the impact of revenue and expenses outside of the normal course of business, facilitates an investor’s understanding and analysis of State Street’s underlying financial performance and trends in addition to financial information prepared and reported in conformity with GAAP. Operating-basis, or non-GAAP, financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, financial measures determined in conformity with GAAP.
2 Operating leverage is defined as the rate of growth of total revenue less the rate of growth of total expenses, each as determined on a non- GAAP, or operating basis.
3 Hedge Fund Research, Towers Watson; Preqin Special Report: Activist Hedge Funds, June 30, 2014.
  