                                         To Our Shareholders
Ronald E. Logue
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 
        2006 was a very good year for State Street.
We exceeded all of our financial goals (excluding tax adjustments), grew our business globally, expanded relationships with our customers, launched new products, acquired new capabilities and continued to be a strong corporate citizen in the communities in which we live and work.
Our performance in 2006 was driven by a number of themes that I define as setting the standard for our industry.
Consistency
The first theme is consistency, which is best illustrated by our financial performance. 2006 was our twenty-ninth consecutive year of operating earnings per share growth and our twenty-eighth consecutive year of dividend increases, with an 11 percent increase from 2005. We outperformed our peer group in revenue and EPS growth while generating lower expense growth. Earnings per share from continuing operations, excluding the tax adjustments recorded in the second and fourth quarters, rose 23 percent from 2005 (exceeding our goal of between 10 and 15 percent); our top-line operating revenue on a fully taxable- equivalent basis was up 15 percent from 2005 (exceeding our goal of between 8 and 12 percent); and our return on equity from continuing operations, excluding the above-mentioned tax adjustments, improved from 15.3 percent in 2005 to 17.1 percent (exceeding our range of between 14 and 17 percent).
We also achieved 290 basis points of positive operating leverage in 2006 compared to 2005, and generated four more quarters of year-over-year operating leverage, bringing State Street’s number of consecutive quarters of year-over-year positive operating leverage to nine. This consistent performance was rewarded with a 22 percent increase in our stock price in 2006.
We increased net interest revenue on a fully taxable-equivalent basis by 22 percent over 2005 and improved net interest margin to 1.25 percent, up from 1.08 percent in 2005. We also repurchased
5.8 million shares of our common stock.
State Street Global Advisors (SSgA), our investment management arm and the largest institutional asset manager in the world*, contributed to our strong financial performance with another outstanding year in 2006, accounting for 24 percent of the company’s total pretax profit in 2006, up from 21 percent in 2005. Pretax profit at SSgA increased 40 percent compared to 2005, with its pretax margin up to 35 percent from 31 percent in 2005. Assets under management grew 21.4 percent in 2006 to $1.7 trillion.
Consistency is also reflected in our approach to community support, sustainable development and the environment. Since 1977, we have contributed a portion of pretax profits to the State Street Foundation, which in turn provided more than $11.4 million in grants in 2006 to support affordable housing, education and health.
Additionally, our employees worldwide devoted 40,000 hours to volunteer activities. In our home state of Massachusetts, we were the largest corporate contributor to the United Way of Massachusetts Bay for the sixteenth consecutive year. This consistent performance on behalf of our communities was a key factor in State Street being named to Business Ethics magazine’s “100 Best Corporate Citizens” list for 2006. State Street was also selected for both the World and North America Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes, based on our enhanced environmental management and corporate governance policies, in addition to our strong citizenship and philanthropy programs.
* Based on assets under management
 
        Global Growth
The second theme underpinning our strong performance in 2006 is global growth. We made considerable progress in 2006 against our long-term goal of growing non-US revenue to 50 percent, achieving a total of 43 percent in 2006, up from 39 percent in 2005. This increase in non-US revenue highlights our ability to capitalize on key growth areas, such as hedge and offshore fund servicing, enhanced and active strategies, investment manager operations outsourcing and electronic foreign exchange trading. At SSgA, 32 percent of revenue now comes from non-US sources, up from 30 percent in 2005.
“Global” not only applies to our business but also to our people. Today, approximately 40 percent of our employees are located outside of the US, which provides us with a strong foundation for future growth as we seek to outpace our competitors in markets that are growing faster than the US.
This diversity starts at the top of our company, highlighted by the election in December of three European nationals to our board of directors—Peter Coym, Amelia Fawcett and Maureen Miskovic, all of whom bring a wealth of global and financial industry experience to our board.
“Global” also describes our customer base in 2006, with key asset servicing and asset management business wins being awarded to us in Beijing, Boston, Edinburgh, Hong Kong, London, Luxembourg, Munich, New York, Paris, Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo and Toronto. These wins represent a total of 779 new investment servicing wins and 1,345 new asset management business wins from companies that include Virgin Money, Bayerische Versorgungskammer, CIMB Group, IKANO Fund Management S.A., TOWER Australia Limited and John Hancock Funds.
Innovation
The third theme, innovation, remains a key driver in fueling our growth and deepening our relationships with customers. This focus on innovation is supported by our commitment to investing in technology—22 percent of our operating expenses in 2006—and pioneering new products and solutions.
In 2006, we launched a number of industry firsts. This innovation ranges from the launch of our Sovereign Bond Flow Indicator that measures investor flows into sovereign bonds covering 13 countries, to the expansion of our alternative investment strategies capabilities with a new line-up of cutting-edge absolute return strategies, to 12 new exchange-traded funds providing investors with precise exposure to targeted sectors such as the oil and gas sector and the metals and mining sector.
Our leading position in investment manager operations outsourcing, a capability that we pioneered in the industry in 2000, continued to expand in 2006 with the completion of the first European customer migration onto our Enterprise technology and the addition of two new North American customers— Evergreen Investments and Putnam Investments.
Customer Focus
The fourth and final theme is customer focus. Our commitment to delivering a value to our customers that they cannot find anywhere else proved to be a strong differentiator for State Street in 2006, with more than 75 percent of our new revenue coming from deepening relationships with existing customers. For example, AXA Investment Managers expanded its relationship with us to include servicing for its Luxembourg- and Dublin-based fund groups for more than €20 billion in assets. Calamos Investments, a customer since 2004, chose State Street to provide fund accounting services for an additional nine open- ended mutual funds and one variable insurance fund representing $29.8 billion in assets.
The California Public Employees’ Retirement System (CalPERS) reappointed State Street to provide investment services for its $200 billion pension fund, a testament to the high-quality customer service that State Street has provided to CalPERS for more than 13 years. CalPERS also selected SSgA as one of its first managers to implement a domestic long-short equity strategy, underscoring the success SSgA continues to achieve in offering the most innovative investment strategies available in the industry today.

        Our ability to deliver for our customers continued to yield business from new customers as well. For example, SSgA was selected by China’s National Council for Social Security Fund (NCSSF) as external manager for the National Social Security Fund’s global equity mandate—the first time the NCSSF chose a global manager.
Customer focus is part of our corporate culture at State Street and a value that is reflected across our leadership team. Three members of this team were promoted to vice chairman in 2006, in recognition of the considerable contributions they have made to the evolution of our company and the impact of their responsibilities on our current and future growth. Joseph L. (Jay) Hooley, a 20-year veteran of State Street, is head of global investment servicing and investment research and trading. Under his leadership, State Street has achieved consistently high growth and has expanded its global presence. Today, the company is the No. 1 provider of investment manager operations outsourcing services, a leading provider of hedge fund servicing and a world leader in multi-asset class trading and transition management.
William W. Hunt is president and chief executive officer of SSgA and a 12-year State Street veteran. With more than a decade of experience working outside of the US, Hunt plays a key role in driving State Street’s global expansion as well as accelerating SSgA’s push into active and enhanced strategies.
Joseph C. Antonellis, a 16-year veteran of State Street, is chief information officer and heads the company’s global securities services, operations and technology. Antonellis, named “Best CIO” by the American Financial Technology Awards, is also responsible for the company’s investment servicing business in North America.
What’s Next?
Looking ahead to 2007, the question that I am most often asked is: “What’s next?” This is a question that we continually ask ourselves to ensure that we don’t become complacent and falsely assume that by simply doing more of the same we will deliver similar results. While we have confidence in our strategic focus, we will continue to evolve our business to ensure that we retain our leadership position in the industry and set the standard for others to follow.
We will also continue to balance revenue growth with expense discipline to generate positive operating leverage, and aggressively pursue capabilities that will augment our market share in high-growth markets and will increase our revenue. Our proposed acquisitions of Investors Financial Services Corporation and Currenex, which we announced at the beginning of 2007, are examples of actions we are taking to enhance our leadership position.
With the acquisition of Boston-based Investors Financial Services, State Street strengthens its position as a worldwide service provider of fund accounting to the mutual fund industry, enhances its capabilities in servicing the offshore fund market, and further extends its leadership in the fastest growing segment of the asset servicing business—hedge fund administration.
Key to this transaction is the tremendous cross-sell opportunities that it provides State Street. Investors Financial Services serves 12 of the top 25 global investment managers. These institutions will now have access to State Street’s global capabilities, from foreign exchange to securities lending to servicing cross-border assets.
The Investors Financial Services acquisition also expands State Street’s product line, bringing private equity fund servicing capabilities along with approximately $30 billion in private equity fund assets under administration and strengthens State Street’s leadership position in key areas. With the addition of Investors Financial Services’ $2.2 trillion in assets under custody, State Street will have more than
$14 trillion in assets under custody. State Street will also be the No. 1 administrator of hedge funds, with assets under administration of more than $340 billion. In addition, the acquisition helps extend State Street’s lead in investment manager operations outsourcing.
The combination of expanded market share in key growth markets, cross-sell opportunities with new customers and the addition of new products will help us generate significant new revenue.

        The Investors Financial Services acquisition also complements our acquisition of the Currenex foreign exchange trading platform, which accelerates our participation in the electronic foreign exchange trading market and its fastest growing segment: hedge funds. Foreign exchange is the largest and most-liquid market in the world, with trading volumes of approximately $2.3 trillion per day. With the Currenex acquisition, State Street can offer its customers more efficient access to markets as well as the industry’s most flexible, comprehensive trading solutions.
Setting the Industry Standard
When we talk about “setting the industry standard,” we define this standard as delivering financial results that are better than the market and our peer group. Our long-term financial goals remain the same as I previously described. Due to the Investors Financial Services Corp. acquisition, however, we have set financial goals for 2007 of achieving growth in operating earnings per share of 8 to 10 percent, growth in operating revenue of 16 to 18 percent and return on equity of between 12 and 15 percent. We expect to achieve near the middle of these ranges in 2007. Our operating results for 2007 will exclude merger, integration and restructuring charges related to the Investors Financial Services acquisition, and for 2006 will exclude the previously mentioned tax adjustments.
We expect that further improvements in net interest revenue and net interest margin resulting from the actions we have taken over the past two years will improve the yields from our balance sheet, without adding any significant new credit risk.
By setting the standard for our industry, we will continue to deliver superior results for shareholders, customers, employees and the community. We are committed to ensuring that we consistently achieve this level of performance across the globe, while continually innovating to create products and services that deepen our relationships with our customers. We delivered on our commitment in 2006, and I will ensure that we remain equally committed to superior results for all of our stakeholders in 2007.
Sincerely,
Ronald E. Logue
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 