Ronald E. Logue
Chairman of the Board
Joseph L. Hooley
President and
Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders
   
Introduction
The past two years will long be remembered for the turbulence of the financial markets. For the financial services industry, 2009 was among the toughest operating environments in many decades. Amid this tumultuous period, State Street navigated the challenges and strengthened our core businesses in a number of ways.
During 2009, we grew our core asset servicing fee and asset management fee revenues, adding new business of $1.13 trillion in asset servicing and $248 billion in net new business in asset management. We successfully reduced expenses by 16 percent on an operating basis compared to 2008. We also consolidated the asset-backed commercial paper conduits we administer onto our balance sheet, which resulted in a pre-tax extraordinary loss of $6.1 billion. However, we expect to accrete about $5.3 billion of this amount into interest revenue over the next eight years, two-thirds of which we expect to occur by 2013.
We strengthened our capital position in 2009 both through organic capital growth as well as with a successful equity issuance. Because of these actions, we exceeded the goals set in the ambitious tangible common equity improvement plan we set out for investors at the beginning of 2009. As a result, we have among the highest capital ratios in the industry. We passed the US Federal Reserve’s May 2009 stress test by a wide margin and were the first of the original “TARP 9” banks to fully exit the TARP program by both repaying the invested funds and repurchasing the associated warrant.
In the fourth quarter of 2009, State Street announced two proposed acquisitions that are expected to expand our geographic reach and our product capabilities for customers. We agreed to acquire the securities services business of Intesa Sanpaolo, a premier provider in Italy and Luxembourg, which we expect to close in the second quarter of 2010, and Mourant International Finance Administration (MIFA), a leading servicer of alternative investments, which we also expect to close during the first half of 2010. The MIFA acquisition will solidify our position as the leader in servicing alternative investments, making us the leading servicer of alternative investments as well as private equity investments. We expect both acquisitions to be modestly accretive to our 2010 operating-basis earnings per share.
The market turmoil caused State Street to face some headwinds during 2009. We, like many others, faced declines in our trading services and securities finance revenues due to a lower level of cross-border investing as well as spread compression and reduced market volatility following 2008’s unprecedented and historically anomalous conditions. We also increased by $250 million the reserve, which we had established in 2007, to address legal exposure associated with certain fixed-income strategies managed by State Street Global Advisors (SSgA). Since year-end, we have resolved the related inquiry by the SEC and other regulators.
After persevering through two very disruptive years, State Street has emerged as a stronger company. We are optimistic about the strength we have seen in our core businesses and, with our intense focus on expense control, we are well positioned for continued growth and market share expansion.
Now, I will outline our performance in 2009 across several key areas:
Performance Against Goals
While our long-term financial goals are unchanged, we revised our financial goals for 2009 during the year due to the performance of our market-driven revenue, primarily trading services and securities finance. After we consolidated the conduits and continued to face these market-driven headwinds, our revised goals included an expectation that our operating-basis revenue would decline by about 16 percent from record levels in 2008, operating-basis earnings per share would be between $4.13 and $4.17, and operating-basis return on common equity would approach the lower end of the 14 to 17 percent long-term range. State Street achieved positive operating leverage compared to the prior year for the fifth consecutive year.
On an operating basis, 2009 earnings per share were $4.11, down from $5.61 per share in 2008. Operating- basis revenue declined by about 16 percent to $8.759 billion from $10.477 billion in 2008, and operating-basis return on common shareholders’ equity fell to 15.6 percent in 2009 from 19.3 percent in 2008.
Our core businesses demonstrated strength in 2009. The recovery in worldwide equity markets in the second half of 2009 and new business wins helped drive growth in assets under custody and administration and assets

under management. Compared to December 31, 2008, at year-end 2009 assets under custody and administration increased by 18 percent from $15.91 trillion to $18.79 trillion, and assets under management went from $1.44 trillion to $1.91 trillion, a 32 percent increase. Revenues from both servicing fees and from asset management fees declined on a year-over-year basis primarily due to lower equity markets, but both exhibited sequential quarterly improvement throughout the year, as we won new business and equity markets improved in the second half of the year.
Revenue from securities finance services was weaker compared to 2008. Due to a significant compression in spreads in 2009, securities finance revenue was $570 million for the year, a 54 percent decline from 2008. We believe that spread compression is near or at a trough, assuming lending volumes remain relatively flat. Foreign exchange revenue, which is reported in trading services revenue, declined by 37 percent on a year-over-year basis due to lower volatility and lower volumes. However, brokerage and other revenue, which is also part of trading services revenues, increased by 8 percent in 2009 compared to 2008, due primarily to strength in transition management and higher volumes in electronic trading services.
Capital Strength
We successfully executed our tangible common equity (TCE) improvement plan announced in February 2009. As of year-end, our TCE ratio was 6.6 percent — well above our target range of 4.25 to 4.75 percent. State Street’s capital ratios are strong and among the highest in the industry. Our tier 1 capital ratio stood at 17.7 percent at year-end (as compared to the regulatory “well capitalized” minimum of 6 percent), and our leverage ratio stood at 8.5 percent. In addition, our tier 1 common ratio stood at 15.6 percent (compared to the minimum 4 percent target established by the Federal Reserve in its May 2009 stress test).
Significant Trends Drive Results
In the wake of the 2008 market crisis, individual and institutional investors moved aggressively into passive strategies. This shift represented an important growth driver for State Street Global Advisors throughout 2009. Our long-standing quantitative investment expertise across a broad spectrum of equity and fixed-income passive strategies, including SSgA’s growing roster of ETFs, increased our share in both of those passive strategies. We added nine new ETFs in 2009. With ETF assets under management of $205 billion at year-end, up from $170 billion at the end of 2008, State Street remains one of the leading global providers of ETFs.
The dramatic flight to quality that marked the fourth quarter of 2008 continued into 2009 and we benefited from our reputation as a trusted, experienced partner with long-standing customer relationships. This trend is best evidenced by our continued ability to cross-sell our broad array of products.
Our deep servicing market share with investment managers and the breadth of our industry-leading products position us well as investment managers seek to better control data and to reduce costs by leveraging a common infrastructure. During 2009, our middle office servicing expertise became a more important factor as we grew our business in this segment to $7.1 trillion in assets under administration.
The flight to quality also affected the alternative servicing space, as increased requirements for higher capital levels at banks reduced the competitive field and as alternative asset managers sought a highly rated partner to custody their assets. Recent demand for collateral management, derivatives processing and risk reporting has been particularly strong among hedge fund managers, as they aggressively move to outsource these services. In 2009, State Street added 65 new alternative servicing mandates. As a result, at year-end assets under administration for private equity assets totaled $140 billion, and for hedge fund assets totaled $303 billion.
Enhanced Global Position
In addition to the two proposed acquisitions announced late in the year, State Street continued to enhance its global market position in 2009. Based on the expected 2009 revenue of the Intesa Sanpaolo unit, the acquisition of which is expected to close in the second quarter of 2010, we anticipate that approximately 39 percent of our revenue will come from outside the US upon completion of this acquisition. That is up from 33 percent as of the end of 2009.

On the strength of our global platform, non-US geographies continue to compose a significant portion of State Street’s new business wins. During 2009, we added new servicing and asset management clients across North America, Asia and Europe. Among these wins, State Street was named investment service provider to three Canadian pension funds with more than CAD $2.5 billion in assets. In China, State Street was selected to provide custody services for the asset portfolio of China Insurance (Holdings) Company Limited’s Hong Kong-based trust services operations. In Australia, we received a fund servicing mandate from QIC, a leading institutional fund manager with a new Irish-domiciled qualified investment fund (QIF). The UK and European investment arm of the Prudential Group, M&G Investments, hired State Street to provide investment services for £5.8 billion in assets on strength of our pricing capabilities for complex asset classes. We also won new pension fund servicing mandates from Rio Tinto, a leading international mining group with $8 billion in pension assets around the world, and from PensPlan, a pension fund service provider in Italy with €100 million in assets under administration.
We also continue to grow our US market share. Building on existing relationships, State Street was appointed by Morgan Stanley Investment Management (MSIM) to provide global investment services for approximately $300 billion in assets, and by Calamos Investments to provide all back-office services for its entire mutual fund complex with more than $21 billion in assets. Our alternative investing services capabilities won us a $6 billion mandate from Caxton Associates LP to provide a range of hedge fund administration services. These are just a few examples of the broad-based servicing mandates awarded to State Street in 2009.
During the year, SSgA added $248 billion in net new business in asset management. Mandates included $1.5 billion for implementing a passive investment strategy for Massachusetts PRIM, building on our existing relationship. SSgA was also appointed as a portfolio strategist firm by GEM Financial Wealth Management to manage a series of six tactical asset allocation portfolios, and also won a renewal of a mandate to run an MSCI All-Country World ex-US equity index fund on behalf of the Illinois State Board of Investment, Chicago.
Technology Solution Advancements and Significant Awards
State Street’s consistent investment in technology, which accounted for between 20 and 25 percent of its full-year operating expenses in 2009, fueled development of multiple new solutions for customers. Among those launched last year was the expense-manager solution, an automated solution to help fund managers reduce operational costs and risks associated with fund expenses. We also announced the addition of private equity administration, along with administration of real estate assets, additional capabilities to the State Street Investment Analytics DashboardSM, as well as an administrative solution to provide greater transparency for fund holdings in hedge funds of funds. For asset managers and institutions, State Street introduced eHorizonSM, an enhanced global accounting system that provides greater flexibility in managing complex fund structures.
Technological advancements that extend the breadth and depth of State Street’s servicing capabilities were recognized by a number of international organizations during the year. Among these, State Street received the IT Leadership award from InfoWorld 100. We also received top honors for cross-asset trading services and green IT from the American Financial Technology Awards.
State Street’s Leadership
In addition to our recognition in technology, State Street garnered significant acknowledgments in other areas. Our market leadership role gained us top rankings from two well-respected publications. Global Custodian rated State Street No. 1 in mutual fund administration and the No. 2 overall global custodian, and Pensions & Investments named State Street Global Advisors the No. 1 manager of US institutional tax-exempt, defined benefit and endowment assets.
On the company leadership front, we also announced some significant news. As you may know, I retired as chief executive officer effective March 1 and have been succeeded by Joseph L. Hooley, previously State Street’s president and chief operating officer. Jay has been critical to our past success and our present strategy, and with State Street’s board of directors has laid out a plan to continue that success into the future. We are confident that this management succession will allow State Street to continue to execute its strategy without interruption. In addition, in 2009 we elected two new directors to our board: Robert Kaplan, professor of management practice at Harvard Business School and former vice chairman of The Goldman Sachs Group, and Patrick de Saint-Aignan,

a 30-year veteran of Morgan Stanley, who held several positions as a managing director, including head of the firm’s global risk management function. Their global experience and leadership in financial services, including senior roles in investment management, risk management and capital markets, provide valuable perspective as we continue to strengthen our presence in key markets around the world.
As non-executive Chairman of State Street’s board of directors beginning in March, I am honored to continue working with the current board to help ensure continued strong leadership at State Street.
Commitment to Community
State Street’s position of leadership extends past the financial services industry and into the broader community. In 2009, we qualified for the fourth year in a row for both the World and North America Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes (DJSI), which track the financial performance of leading sustainability-driven companies. State Street is the only US-based financial services firm that was listed in both indexes in 2009.
In 2009, State Street employees volunteered more than 71,500 hours of time. As well as their time, our employees were very generous with monetary donations in 2009, pledging $2.3 million to the United Way, resulting in a donation of $4.7 million together with the corporate contribution. In total, the State Street Foundation made $15.8 million in grants during 2009 to nonprofit organizations around the world, including $750,000 to organizations in Boston addressing youth violence prevention and $240,000 across Europe to support workforce development and employability.
A Strong Foundation for the Future
Based on our capital position, our efficient organizational structure, and continued deep relationships with customers, State Street’s foundation for the future is strong. During 2009, we met significant financial milestones and achieved among the highest regulatory capital ratios in the industry. This strong capital base provides us with flexibility for the future. As always, we intend to make our decisions with the goal of continuing to create shareholder value.
We have also made significant progress in calibrating our organization to the slower growth environment we expect in 2010. We continue to control expenses and gain efficiencies by making tough decisions that result in a leaner organization that can balance revenue growth with expense control. Our cost discipline provides an additional competitive advantage as we continue to work to leverage our scale.
Our steadfast focus remains on delivering for and investing in our customers. Doing so has created significant momentum, as evidenced by sequential quarterly increases in revenue from asset servicing and asset management throughout the course of 2009. We remain focused on adding new customers globally and deepening the share of existing customers’ business, with the goal of consistently expanding State Street’s base of revenue.
I feel very confident about State Street’s future as I turn over CEO responsibilities to Jay Hooley, with whom I have worked for nearly 20 years. Over the past four decades, regardless of who was the CEO, State Street has focused on delivering value to the four constituencies we serve: our shareholders, our customers, our employees, and the communities in which we work. By remaining true to this principle, we have achieved a strong foundation for our future growth.
Thank you for investing in State Street.
Ronald E. Logue Chairman of the Board
 