  Joseph L. Hooley
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
To Our Shareholders
   
Introduction
Our strong performance in 2013 focused on three key areas: growing our core businesses, controlling our expenses and returning capital to our shareholders. While we benefited from strong equity markets, we also executed on our strategic priorities against the headwinds of low interest rates and increased regulatory requirements.
Summary Financial Results
A strong performance can only be built upon a strong foundation, and our revenue growth and earnings in 2013 proved to be no exception to that rule. In 2013, our strategic investments in our business enabled us to expand our range of solutions for clients. We balanced these investments with continued expense control, including the savings we created from our ongoing implementation of our Business Operations and Information Technology Transformation program. These actions, combined with revenue growth, resulted in positive operating leverage1 for 2013 compared to 2012.
The strength of our foundation is also reflected in our performance against several key metrics. Our 2013 GAAP-basis diluted earnings per common share were $4.62, a 10 percent increase compared to $4.20 in 2012, with 2013 GAAP-basis revenue of $9.88 billion, a 2 percent increase over 2012 revenue of $9.65 billion. Our 2013 GAAP-basis return on average common shareholders’ equity was 10.5 percent, compared to 10.3 percent in 2012. On an operating basis2, our 2013 diluted earnings per common share were $4.54, up 15 percent from $3.95 in 2012. Operating-basis revenue increased 3 percent to $10.05 billion in 2013 from $9.73 billion in 2012, and operating-basis return on average common shareholders’ equity was 10.3 percent in 2013, up from 9.7 percent in 2012. Our 2013 core fee revenue, which is composed of fees from asset servicing and asset management, increased 10 percent from 2012.
While we faced environmental challenges in 2013, we were able to leverage several competitive advantages that will continue to help drive our success and our long-term value. These include:
• Our focused strategy fueled by macro trends, including globalization, retirement savings and increased regulation and complexity;
• An extensive global footprint;
• Our strong capital position, with some of the highest ratios in the industry; and
• Number 1 or 2 positions in high-growth markets, such as servicing alternative investments3 and exchange-traded funds, or ETFs4.
We’ve found that globalization has made the world and the needs of our clients much more dynamic. The ongoing expansion of investment and distribution channels continues to make markets more open and accessible, enabling investors to consider opportunities worldwide. With our expansive footprint in more than 100 geographic markets, we can support our clients with a consistent approach that uses local insights to capitalize on opportunities in existing and developing markets. In 2013, approximately 43 percent of our total revenue came from outside the U.S., and approximately 33 percent of our new business in asset servicing came from non-U.S. clients. In addition, approximately 48 percent of our employees work outside of the U.S.
The promise and the impact of a global issue and a local solution are best demonstrated by our approach to the significant opportunities provided by the evolution in retirement savings plans worldwide. Retirement savings are increasing, with defined contribution, or DC, plans now comprising 43 percent of global pension assets5. We expect this trend to encourage wider savings in developed markets, while pension reform will be an important driver of investment assets in emerging markets. As a leading servicer of both mutual funds and ETFs, the principal vehicles for DC plans, we are well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities.
Delivering Value to Our Clients
Just as macro- and micro-level trends can influence our financial performance, we believe that it’s our ability to focus on the macro and the micro that is at the heart of how we deliver value to our clients.

In 2013, we continued to experience strong demand for our solutions across our global client base - resulting in commitments of more than $1 trillion of new assets to be serviced from both current and new clients. Alternative investments, for example, are an important option for asset managers and owners to combat a low-yield environment. Our alternative investment servicing business has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 32 percent from 2005 to 2013 compared to a compound annual growth rate of 14 percent for the rest of the market6.
ETFs also remain a popular investment class. At the end of 2013, ETF assets under management by State Street Global Advisors, or SSgA, reached a record level of $399 billion, representing a year- over-year increase of 18 percent.
Transforming Our Operating Model
At the end of 2010 we announced our Business Operations and Information Technology Transformation program. The core of this program is built on a simple idea - reducing costs while improving the client experience. This includes utilizing Lean technologies designed to eliminate redundant processes.
We have been standardizing and automating processes and, where feasible, leveraging our Centers of Excellence to streamline operations. On the IT side, we’ve been migrating to our patented private cloud computing environment, which is already enabling us to:
• Respond to client requests more rapidly,
• Develop new products more quickly, and
• Deliver products more efficiently.
In 2013, we achieved our targeted incremental pre-tax expense savings from the program of approximately $220 million, and previously, we achieved incremental pre-tax expense savings of approximately $112 million in 2012 and $86 million in 2011, in each case compared to our 2010 expenses from operations, all else being equal7. In 2014, we expect to continue to benefit from the impact of this multi-year program with the development of new solutions. Our goal is to become a truly digital enterprise with the agility necessary to respond quickly to our clients’ needs.
Optimizing Capital to Create Value
Creating value for our shareholders has always been one of our top priorities and an important element of our long-term focus. Our financial strength and approach to capital management have enabled us to maintain consistently strong regulatory capital ratios, both under Basel I as reported and as estimated under the final U.S. Basel III standards. We’ve maintained these regulatory capital ratios while also returning capital, in the form of common stock dividends and purchases of our common stock, to our shareholders. In 2013, we purchased approximately 31.2 million shares of our common stock, including 24.7 million shares under the $2.1 billion program approved by our Board of Directors in March 2013 that ran through March 2014. We declared a total of $1.04 per share in common stock dividends in 2013.
Pursuing New Opportunities
All new technical innovations, regulatory and market changes bring with them not only challenges, but opportunities. With our experience in servicing complex investment structures and products, we are well positioned to deliver additional flexible solutions for our clients. Every day, the world creates 2.5 quintillion bytes of data8. We already safe keep a critical mass of data for our clients, and combined with our innovative, proprietary research, we can offer clients sophisticated data and analytics solutions that deliver improved insights into their portfolios.
We know that gathering, standardizing and reconciling an overwhelming amount of data is a real concern for our clients. In a 2013 survey, we commissioned with the Economist Intelligence Unit of more than 400 asset owners and managers globally, 9 out of 10 cited data and analytics as a key strategic priority.

To help our clients manage this challenge, we created a new business called State Street Global Exchange. As a trusted partner to the world’s largest asset owners and asset managers, we intend to meet market demand for more sophisticated data and analytics solutions.
Supporting Our Communities
We measure our success not only by the bottom line, but also in the change we make in the communities in which we live and work. In 2013, our employees volunteered more than 87,000 hours, and our State Street Foundation provided $19.6 million in grants to nonprofit organizations globally, including $4.5 million in employee contributions from our Matching Gift Program. This contributed to State Street being listed as one of the top 100 Best Corporate Citizens by Corporate Responsibility Magazine’s annual ranking for the seventh consecutive year.
The Way Ahead
These past few years have not been easy, but we’ve reacted by improving many aspects of our business as well as by embracing change and creating innovative solutions for our clients. We are well positioned to execute on our long-term strategy of building on our strong core, achieving a digital enterprise, maintaining our capital strength and pursuing new opportunities.
We appreciate your investment in State Street, and we will continue to work hard to reward your confidence in us.
Sincerely,
Joseph L. Hooley
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer March 24, 2014
1 Operating leverage is defined as the rate of growth of total revenue less the rate of growth of total expenses, each as determined on a non-GAAP, or operating basis. Also see note (2) below.
2 This letter to shareholders includes financial information presented on a GAAP basis as well as on a non-GAAP, or “operating” basis. Management measures and compares certain financial information on an operating basis, as it believes that this presentation supports meaningful comparisons from period to period and the analysis of comparable financial trends with respect to State Street’s normal ongoing business operations. Management believes that operating-basis financial information, which reports revenue from non-taxable sources, such as interest revenue from tax-exempt investment securities and processing fees and other revenue associated with tax-advantaged investments, on a fully-taxable equivalent basis and excludes the impact of revenue and expenses outside of the normal course of business, facilitates an investor’s understanding and analysis of State Street’s underlying financial performance and trends in addition to financial information prepared and reported in conformity with GAAP. Operating-basis, or non-GAAP, financial measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, financial measures determined in conformity with GAAP.
3 No. 1 in alternative asset servicing globally. Sources: HFM Week 20th Biannual Assets Under Administration Survey (June 2013) and Custody Risk Alternative Fund Administration Survey 2013 (May 2013).
4 “ETF assets up 21.4% for year; top 3 providers hold their rank.” Randy Diamond. Pensions and Investments. September 16, 2013.
5 Towers Watson, Global Pensions Asset Study 2012.
6 Hedge Fund Market - Hedge Fund Research, January 2014; Private Equity Market - Prequin, January 2014; Real Estate Market - Towers Watson, July 2013, PI Online (2005-2008).
7 These pre-tax expense savings relate only to the Business Operations and Information Technology Transformation program and are based on projected improvement from our total 2010 expenses from operations, all else being equal. Our actual total expenses have increased since 2010, and may in the future increase or decrease, due to other factors.
8 “Customer Analytics Pay Off.” IBM. January 2012.
  