CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S LETTER

performance
FISCAL 2013 HIGHLIGHTS
GAINED market share collectively across all channels in U.S. Wine and Spirits, and for wine in Canada LAUNCHED more than 50 new brands, product line extensions and packaging innovations BEST PERFORMING S&P500® Consumer Staples Stock of calendar year 2012 GARNERED more brand awards and industry recognition than ever before BEER ACQUISITION paves the way to become 3rd largest importer and brewer for the U.S. market WON Cheers Supplier of the Year Award in the "Best Large Wine Company" category for second year in a row FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS, On all fronts, fiscal 2013 was an extraordinary year. Constellation Brands evolved from a position of great promise to one of proven performance. We executed our key strategic goals and initiatives - and further strengthened the underlying health of the company. We also achieved powerful growth milestones that reinforce the credibility and foresight of our long-term strategy - showcasing what's possible with passionate leadership, accountability and perseverance. Through our multi-year efforts to pursue organizational efficiencies, we were well positioned in fiscal 2013 to invest strategically in new products and brand-building activities, particularly for our U.S. wine and spirits business. These investments were carefully guided by groundbreaking research in consumer and shopper insights that revealed changing taste preferences for more fruit forward and easier drinking wines. In response, we targeted our new product developments in high-growth categories like moscato, malbec and sweet red blends. As a result, we were able to successfully launch approximately 50 new items, including new brands, product line extensions and packaging innovations. These launches were fully supported by innovative multi-media marketing campaigns and promotions, with more merchandising displays than ever before, which drove new points of distribution. Consequently, our products, particularly our new brands and Focus Brands, enjoyed a positive response from consumers and strong sales that garnered numerous awards and recognition from prominent industry publications. We also acquired Mark West, a top-selling pinot noir brand and an outstanding addition to our portfolio. Mark West posted double-digit depletion and marketplace growth, well exceeding the pinot noir category. And of course, we can't forget our "crowning" achievement that propelled our stock value to increase by more than 100% in a single year. In fiscal 2013, we announced our intention to purchase the remaining 50% interest in Crown Imports, as well as a state-of-the-art brewery in Mexico, which over time will produce all our Mexican beers for the U.S. market. This agreement also gives us the perpetual brand rights for the Modelo portfolio currently sold in the U.S., which includes five of the top 25 imported beer brands (Corona Extra, Corona Light, Modelo Especial, Negra Modelo and Pacifico).* I am thrilled to share that in April 2013, we received clearance from the U.S. Department of Justice to proceed with the acquisition, paving the way for what I am sure will be a game-changing fiscal 2014 for Constellation Brands as we secure our position as the #1 multi-category supplier of wine, beer and spirits in the
*Beverage Information Group, 2012

FROM PROMISE TO PROVEN

2

U.S. and fully capitalize on our exciting new position as the #3 beer company for the U.S. market. The following pages provide a closer look at our fiscal 2013 highlights across our wine, spirits and beer categories, as well as a review of our latest Corporate Social Responsibility efforts. I want to personally thank you for your support of our company, our leadership, our employees and our brands. We're extremely proud that our fiscal 2013 results yielded the shareholder value we have worked so hard to achieve. And we want to assure you that while we've reached this important milestone, the journey is far from over. Our long-term strategy remains firmly focused on building brands to grow revenue faster than the market, applying rigorous financial discipline and building the best organization. It's an exciting time to be a part of Constellation Brands. We're grateful you've chosen to be an invested partner with us as we fulfill our mission to build brands that people love.

Rob Sands President & Chief Executive Officer

In fiscal 2013, we paved the way for what I am sure will be a game-changing fiscal 2014 for Constellation Brands as we solidify our position as the third-largest total beverage alcohol company in the U.S. and fully capitalize on our exciting new position as the #3 beer company for the U.S. market.

Rob Sands President and CEO

CONSTELLATION CONSTELLATIONBRANDS BRANDS//Summary Summary Annual Annual Report Report / 2013

3

