To Our Shareholders
We are happy to report that Constellation Brands, Inc. has completed its strongest year ever, sustaining the earnings momentum that has given Constellation twelve consecutive quarters of double-digit growth. In Fiscal 2001, our earnings per share grew 25 percent from the previous year. We returned unprecedented shareholder value in a time of economic uncertainty and stock market volatility with a share price that rose 30 percent during the course of the year. And, we achieved record sales driven by our imported beer and fine wine portfolios. We are proud of these results, particularly since they validate our strategy and clearly demonstrate Constellation’s continuing commitment to consistent strong growth.
Let me provide you with some examples of our success. Constellation’s beer portfolio enjoyed another strong year with 16 percent sales growth led by our Mexican portfolio, which includes Corona Extra, the best-selling import in the
U.S. In fine wine, under the first full year of Constellation’s ownership, sales increased 15 percent year over year as a result of strategic brand-building efforts, particularly in support
of Franciscan Oakville Estate, Estancia and Simi. In our U.K. business, strength in branded table wine sales was driven by Stowells of Chelsea, while results from the wholesale operation demonstrated the validity of a shift toward higher-margin customers.
execute our marketing strategies. We fill gaps in our portfolio to build on our breadth and depth so that we are an important player in our distribution channel.
We identify faster-growing, higher-margin segments of the beverage alcohol industry, then aggressively pursue those opportunities that meet our financial targets: Earnings accretion and returns well in excess of our cost of capital. Our recent acquisitions exemplify this approach.
In early July 2001, our fine wine portfolio plans to add Ravenswood, one of the fastest-growing, most respected California Zinfandel brands. Constellation’s popular and premium wine portfolio expanded its offerings to higher-margin
 Leadership
RICHARD SANDS
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD, PRESIDENT AND CEO
    Building Stellar Brands... 2
Focus
We believe that our strong performance over the past several years is the result of adherence
to strategic imperatives that guide every major business decision at Constellation: Staying close to our customers and markets, focusing on growth and concentrating on markets with sufficient critical mass. With a portfolio of branded beverage alcohol products in beer, wine and spirits, Constellation capitalizes on a simple fact – consumers are not single-category drinkers,
but rather they match beverage to occasion.
Our range of growth-oriented, profitable brands allows us to outperform the industry while substantially reducing the volatility that can occur with reliance on a limited selection of products.
We maintain close contact with customers and markets through business units that are fully responsible for marketing, sales and production. We concentrate in markets of sufficient mass
to attain the highest levels of profitability and growth, thereby creating a strong platform to
wines with the addition of a number of well- known brands during the first quarter of Fiscal 2002, including Talus, Vendange, Covey Run, Columbia and Australian import Alice White.
The result is a strategically calibrated blend
of high growth operations with high cash flow businesses that will enable us to sustain consistent long-term growth. Constellation’s investments
in the faster-growing categories of the beverage alcohol industry reinforce our confidence that we can meet our long-term goals for sales growth of 6 to 8 percent from existing operations, reaching as high as 15 percent with acquisitions. This should translate into average annual earnings
per share growth in the range of 15 to 20 percent. At this rate, we anticipate doubling Constellation’s sales and earnings in five years.
Constellation has just completed an impressive year and we are well on our way to continuing this trend.
3
   Performance
Growth
     
   Industry Highlights
For the beverage alcohol industry, the past year validated a number of trends, underscoring the value of Constellation’s wide-ranging portfolio of products that allow the company to continue its strong growth patterns. In a number of segments where Constellation is well-positioned, the out- look is bright.
 On the following pages we share
a glimpse of one of the most successful beverage alcohol companies in the world...
Constellation.
       Our three growth drivers, imported beer,
fine wine and U.K. wholesale operations, show considerable strength. We are leveraging our sales force and marketing expertise through our latest acquisitions and are seeing immediate benefits through increased buying power. We are gaining expertise in cross-border initiatives, which include U.K. distribution of our California
wine selection that has seen strong sales and now accounts for a fast growing element of our U.K. table wine sales. And, underscoring our ongoing confidence in our ability to sustain double-digit earnings per share growth, we announced a two- for-one stock split to shareholders of record as
of April 30, 2001.
In a year of uncertainty in the economy and stock market, Constellation has done well. In
a year of industry changes, we are seizing oppor- tunities. We are committed to maintaining a flexible culture that allows us to stay close to our
markets and our consumers even as Constellation grows. We want to thank our employees for their dedication in helping our Company grow; our investors for their belief in our strategy; and our distributors, wholesalers and retailers for their ongoing efforts in support of our brands. We will continue to show our appreciation to consumers by providing them with brands they enjoy across all beverage alcohol categories. And, underlying all of our business decisions is our constant focus on enhancing shareholder value through continued implementation of our proven growth strategy.
RICHARD SANDS
Chairman of the Board,
President and Chief Executive Officer Constellation Brands, Inc.
 4
 UNITED STATES
In the U.S., beverage alcohol volume reached record levels, with 7 billion gallons entering distribution channels, marking the 5th consecutive year of growth. Premium wines and imported beer continued to lead the growth with double-digit gains. Four million new adults reaching legal drinking age each year and aging baby boomers with greater disposable income are expected to continue to contribute to this trend for at least 10 years.
Per capita wine consumption in the U.S. is expected to grow 18 percent, reaching 12.5 liters per person by 2005. Imported beer consumption is expected to increase from 2.5 gallons to more than 4.5 gallons per person by the year 2010.
UNITED KINGDOM
In the U.K., more consumers regularly drink wine than any other alcoholic beverage. Table wines, which account for 72 percent of all wine consumed in the U.K., are growing 6 percent in volume and 9 percent in value. Per capita consumption is up 30 percent over the last 10 years and is expected to grow another 15 percent
by 2005, reaching 22 liters per person. In 2000, shipments of California wines to the U.K. increased 16 percent. About 25 percent of all California wine exports find their way to the U.K., making it the number one importer of California wines.
Consolidation across distribution channels, growth in imported beer and fine wines in the U.S. and table wines and wholesale in the U.K., along with improving demographics, are just a few of the key trends in the industry that will provide opportunities for Constellation’s continued growth.
5
     Market Intelligence
