CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S LETTER
ISEIZING GROWTH AT EVERY TURN...
am extremely pleased to share that fiscal 2016 was yet another incredibly dynamic and fulfilling year for Constellation Brands – marked by strong financial performance, notable brand and business milestones, industry accolades and strategic acquisitions.
We accelerated our growth across beer, wine and spirits by strictly adhering to our strategic imperatives to: build brands, apply rigorous financial discipline and build the best organization.
As a result, we made remarkable progress and achieved record-breaking outcomes that confirm
we have the leadership strength, the right portfolio and the organizational discipline to be a dominant leader in the Total Alcohol Beverage (TAB) category.
Why the emphasis on growing our TAB leadership? Simply put,
it provides the greatest opportunity to create long-term shareholder value. Within Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) retail, TAB was the second largest dollar sales category and the second
largest provider of dollar growth.1 Thus, it is
a highly important category in which to
win with consumers – and winning we are!
Today, Constellation is the largest multi-category supplier and the third largest TAB company in
the U.S.1 We achieved this strong position through
our long-term efforts to premiumize our overall portfolio. Approximately 80% of TAB category growth in IRI channels is driven by premium products, which
is why our fiscal 2016 strategic acquisitions of Meiomi Wines and Ballast Point, two higher-end brands, were so important.
TAKING OUR INNOVATION CUES FROM CONSUMERS
 FISCAL 2016 HIGHLIGHTS
$522M
Free Cash Flow2
$5.43
Earnings Per Share3 (comparable basis)
22% over fiscal 2015 18%
Consolidated Operating Income over fiscal 2015
24% Beer
8% Wine and Spirits
     23%
Stock Price
  2
1IRI Channels 2015
2Please see page 12 for reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure
3EPS on a reported basis is $5.18 up 24% over fiscal 2015
To further accelerate our TAB success, in fiscal 2016, we solidified and expanded our Growth organization around a consumer- focused framework of Innovation, Insights and Process. These efforts
are helping us more precisely target our retailer
strategies with respect to expanding TAB shelf space and developing new ways to engage consumers and build loyalty. They are also more effectively aligning our brand investments with proven consumer trends and preferences.

In fiscal 2016, the Growth organization added new team members and
made significant advances to enable Constellation to capitalize on the distinct premium TAB advantages we have in the marketplace. Namely, we are exceptionally well positioned to maximize the success of holiday cross- promotions, as consumers drink across categories and we offer the right mix
of products within our own portfolio
for every occasion. We can also create powerful collaborations with national retail accounts to develop strategies needed to win with consumers. Finally, we have the tools and insights to look beyond beer, wine or spirits specific data in order to fully understand and respond to consumers’ total lifestyle and TAB drinking experiences and preferences.
CULTIVATING LEADERSHIP EXCELLENCE
At Constellation, our people make us great, so it’s important to continually evolve our leaders to develop the skills and talents required to maintain our growth leadership over time.
In fiscal 2016, we made strategic leadership changes across Constellation to further bolster performance and quality. By investing in the next generation of senior business leaders, we are securing a strong pipeline of leadership excellence for years to come.
The following pages provide a closer look at our fiscal 2016 highlights across our beer, wine and spirits businesses.
I want to personally thank you for your support of our company, our leadership, our employees and our brands. We’re grateful you’ve chosen to be an invested partner with us as we fulfill our mission to build brands that people love.
Rob Sands
President & CEO
SAVVY CONSUMER INSIGHTS PAY OFF
Woodbridge and Corona are among the top beverage alcohol TV ads according to Nielsen,1 citing that the ads are able to:
“Break through the clutter of real-world TV ad viewing – including the impact of multi-tasking and life’s many other distractions – to deliver high performance in Brand Memorability.”
CONSTELLATION BRANDS / Summary Annual Report / 2016
                               GROWTH ORGANIZATION HIGHLIGHTS
BROKE GROUND ON NEW WINE SENSORY LABORATORY
Located at Woodbridge Winery, the new laboratory will help our winemakers continue to develop wines that meet evolving consumer taste preferences.
  COMPLETED DEMAND STUDY
Results from the study will help drive an innovation pipeline that meets consumer needs as they increasingly drink across beverage alcohol categories.
   LAUNCHED CONSTELLATION VENTURES
Our new corporate venture capital
function made minority investments in Crafthouse Cocktails and Nelson’s Green Brier Tennessee Whiskey.
 3
1Nielsen Beverage Alcohol Media Report 2015
