4
Chief Executive Officer’s Letter
 During fiscal 2008, the company demonstrated its commitment to enhancing shareholder value by executing initiatives aimed at increasing our portfolio focus on the faster-growing premium categories of beverage alcohol while providing unmatched service to customers and superior products to consumers.
Positioning Constellation for the future We believe these actions position the company to deliver increased operating margin and profits, generate strong free cash flow and improve return on invested capital (ROIC) over the long term.
In North America, our efforts to expand our premium beverage alcohol portfolios included acquisitions such as SVEDKA, the fastest-growing, major, premium vodka imported to the U.S.; the Fortune Brands U.S. wine portfolio, including Clos du Bois, the number one super-premium wine brand based on dollar value; and we sold the lower-margin Almaden and Inglenook value wine brands, which represented more than 15 percent of our U.S. wine volume. As part of these activities, we realigned our U.S. wine sales and marketing groups to better serve our customers while optimizing the cost structure for the business. Our spirits sales force was also realigned to support premium growth. These transactions and activities represent significant progress toward our long-term strategic and financial goals.
Our Crown Imports joint venture with Grupo Modelo to import premium beers to the U.S. also gained traction and realized synergies in fiscal 2008 as the organization created a national platform and strategic alignment for selling its portfolio of leading brands. Having a national marketing platform for the first time ever for leading imported beer brands, such as Corona, allows Crown Imports to develop and execute brand-building advertising and promotional programs across the entire U.S., which should benefit the portfolio over the long term.
Both the U.K. and Australia are strategically important markets for Constellation, and while they have faced recent marketplace challenges, we have implemented changes that we expect will improve profitability, operating efficiencies and our competitive position. We have increased our prices to retailers in order to cover cost increases and the recently implemented duty increase in the U.K. In addition, we expect to benefit from the tightening supply of Australian wine. Our National Distribution Center and bottling facility, under construction in Bristol, England, will enhance our capabilities to serve the entire U.K. and mainland Europe and is designed to significantly reduce costs.
Another significant fiscal 2008 U.K. development was the formation of our joint venture with Punch Taverns, the United Kingdom’s largest pub chain, our mutual goal being to grow the Matthew Clark wholesale business, which serves the on-premise trade, and take it to the next level of its development.

 Commitment + Vision
In Australia, we also consolidated certain winemaking operations to optimize asset utilization and production efficiency. We invested in strategic vineyard expansions or replanting in New Zealand, Canada and at the Robert Mondavi Winery in Napa, California. While we were required by U.S. accounting rules to take a charge against our Australian and U.K. businesses for fiscal 2008, we firmly believe profitability in these markets should improve going forward.
From a financial standpoint, in fiscal 2008 we exceeded our comparable earnings per share and free cash flow goals. And we invested in the company through a repurchase of shares totaling $500 million. Overall, we executed on our strategy and took appropriate actions to better our position, assure long- term success and create value.
Looking at our leadership team, we have very experienced business leaders who collectively have many years of expertise in our industry managing our business segments. We also welcomed a new Chief Financial Officer, Bob Ryder, to our executive management team in May 2007. Cultivating a vibrant, engaged, focused and dedicated management team remains a cornerstone of the foundation supporting Constellation’s long-term success.
In this report, you will become acquainted with several people from around the Constellation Brands world who exemplify the people, spirit, vision, values and culture that make Constellation what it is today and what it will become in the future.
With excellent brands, unmatched employees, a solid set of long-standing and proven values, clarity of vision and commitment to implement our long-term growth and value creation strategy, Constellation Brands is positioned to achieve its goals. We are confident the company has the correct strategy, the best tools and the right resources to cultivate and harvest long-term future growth and opportunities. Our values and vision, like our resolve, remain the bedrock of Constellation’s future, just as they have for more than 60 years.
We appreciate your ongoing support. Sincerely,
Rob Sands President and CEO
 5
