CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC.
8
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS
Reflecting upon all that we achieved in fiscal 2006, I believe you’ll agree it was a very dynamic and good year for Constellation Brands as we continued building upon our tradition of excellent marketplace and financial performance. I am pleased to report that we again set records for net revenue, diluted earnings per share and net income, while paying down a substantial amount of debt. Our strategy of participation in growing beverage alcohol categories and geographic regions played a significant role in maintaining our growth momentum, while our business and consumer insights assisted management in fine tuning our structure, operations and offerings to meet ever-changing consumer tastes and marketplace needs.
Constellation’s year-over-year net sales rose 13 percent to $4.6 billion, while reported and compa- rable net income and diluted earnings per share all experienced double-digit increases. Our fiscal 2006 performance clearly demonstrates the strength in numbers theme of this annual report. In June 2005, Standard and Poor’s selected Constellation to join its S&P 500 Index, which took place on July 1 last year, and it is a status we are particularly pleased about attaining because it recognizes the value and growth of our company. Constellation’s 2005 performance also helped earn us a place on the prestigious Fortune 500 list of companies in April 2006. These two achievements are indicative of our ongoing efforts to grow Constellation’s business and increase shareholder value.
Also indicative of our fiscal 2006 efforts was the financial discipline we exerted throughout the year in a number of areas, including acquisitions. This helped us achieve the levels of marketplace and financial performance documented in this report. Importantly, our growth strategy, consumer insights, financial discipline and consistent performance form the four pillars supporting our sustained profitable growth, and these four business principles heavily influenced the results we were able to deliver in fiscal 2006. Operating by those principles and our core values, Constellation’s worldwide family of dedicated people remain committed to growing the business while constantly improving every aspect of our company. They are the reason Constellation is able to achieve its goals.
In the balance of this letter, I will address our strategy, insights, discipline, and performance in greater detail. I believe it is important for you, our shareholders, as well as other readers of this report, to know more about how we employ these key business principles to grow our business and increase shareholder value on a sustained basis.
In keeping with our historic growth strategy, which is based upon portfolio breadth and geographic distribution scale, we harvested numerous opportunities throughout fiscal 2006. We added Rex Goliath to our wine portfolio, renewed our relationship with Baron Philippe de Rothschild S.A. to jointly own and operate Opus One and gained U.S. distribution of other brands in that Rothschild portfolio. In addition to an array of new product introductions by our wine and spirits companies, we purchased

DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE
NET SALES (IN MILLIONS)
CASH FLOW DATA (IN MILLIONS)
   0.89
0.78
1.10
1.04 1.03
1.19
1.35 1.25
1.59
1.36
FY02 03 04 05 06 FY01
REPORTED RESULTS COMPARABLE RESULTS
06 FY02 03 04 05 06
NET CASH PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES
FREE CASH FLOW
2,226
2006 ANNUAL REPORT
9
4,603
213
164 142
236
340
321
436
303
235
201
       Please see page 33 for further information regarding non-GAAP financial measures, including reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
Cocktails by Jenn, struck an import agreement to expand the Meukow Cognac business in the U.S., completed the integration of The Robert Mondavi Corporation and ramped up our U.S. distribution of the Ruffino Italian fine wine brands. We also substantially increased distribution of new package configurations for our Modelo Mexican beer brands in our U.S. territory, which was a catalyst for the significant, above-category growth of Corona Extra, Corona Light and Modelo Especial in fiscal 2006.
We continued to look for value-creating acquisitions and pursued those which met our financial criteria to truly grow our business through incremental profits above our cost of capital, something I described in last year’s annual report as our “True Growth” model. After a thorough review, we deter- mined that some of those opportunities were better left unharvested, while others were pursued.
One opportunity that wasn’t better left unharvested was Vincor International Inc. While our initial effort to acquire Vincor in fall 2005 did not prevail, the situation changed dramatically in March and early April 2006 when the management and Boards of both companies, through the diligence process, confirmed the natural fit and long-term benefits. From diligence flows value, and after thorough diligence we were able to reach a price which Vincor’s Board and management agreed was full, fair and justified. We shared that opinion, and are enthusiastic about the opportunity to add the number one wine position in Canada to Constellation’s holdings, while also adding key brands in other geog- raphies that are complementary to our existing portfolios. We are very pleased at the outcome, and are confident that this acquisition will contribute significantly to Constellation’s future growth and shareholder value.
CAGR 16%

CONSTELLATION BRANDS, INC.
10
As we continue to review growth opportunities, including acquisitions, our financial discipline will help ensure that our actions continue to drive long-term value. We must be thoroughly convinced that the numbers work and will result in greater shareholder value. We evaluate each opportunity for its potential growth value, as well as for its potential synergies. Some opportunities are predominantly growth oriented add-ons to Constellation’s business, such as Hardy. Some are primarily synergistic, such as Black Velvet. Some are a combination of growth and synergy opportunities, two examples being Robert Mondavi and Vincor.
Regardless of the surface appeal of any specific deal, if it doesn’t measure up to our financial criteria we won’t pursue the transaction. Our financial discipline must be followed – it’s that simple.
Our base business growth is equally as important to achieving increased shareholder value, and our extensive expertise and experience at effectively and efficiently integrating acquisitions means that we maximize the potential value from those transactions over the long term. We also successfully grow our business through an understanding of consumer beverage alcohol needs, wants and desires.
Consumer insights are wonderful to have, and we believe that we have the best in our business sector. An excellent example is the groundbreaking research our wine group conducted in fiscal 2006 with 3,500 U.S. wine consumers. The insights from that research are helping us to better understand wine consumers and have already aided in expanding our offerings throughout our portfolio. We also believe our consumer insights make up one of our core competencies and they enable us to success- fully bring new products or line extensions to market in a timely way, maximizing value for us as we ride the crest of consumer trend waves.
Consumers tell us they want variety. By using our decentralized organizational model of local trading and brand owning companies in key international markets, and geographically advantaged facilities where we produce beverage alcohol drinks, we can meet those needs by remaining close to our customers – wholesalers, distributors and retailers. We also maximize the utilization of our research as an insights conduit between consumers and our marketing and sales teams.
Armed with consumer insights from around the world, we have the ability to introduce wines that connect with consumers based on the different tastes and attitudes of key consumer groups in various international markets. Recent examples of this are Monkey Bay sauvignon blanc from New Zealand, Twin Fin and 3 blind moose California lifestyle varietals, and Four Emus and Kelly’s Revenge from Australia, all of which were 2005, top-10, new wine introductions in the U.S. according to Information Resources, Inc. (IRI). We also grow our imported beer business in the U.S. by continuously learning more about who drinks the brands we market, why they drink them and the packaging they prefer.
It was also consumer insights about premium spirits that led to the purchase of Effen Vodka, our purchase of Cocktails by Jenn and our import agreement for Meukow Cognac in 2005, as well as expanded distribution for recently introduced premium brands including Ridgemont Reserve 1792 bourbon, Balblair single malt scotch whisky and Danfield’s Canadian whisky. Consumer insights, together with our nimble, entrepreneurial, decentralized structure, form a powerful combination to promote and support our branded beverage alcohol business growth.

2006 ANNUAL REPORT
11
As I have already emphasized, Constellation’s strategic focus remains on the long-term growth of our base business, in addition to acquisitions. We are confident of our ability to grow our base business at above-category levels, and believe that this growth is sustainable for the long-term. In addition, we continue to leverage organic growth into higher levels of EBIT growth and increasing levels of Return on Invested Capital (“ROIC”). This represents true growth – growth which creates shareholder value.
When we do everything correctly – follow our strategy, use our insights and apply our financial discipline – the result is successful and consistent marketplace and financial performance. At the beginning of this letter I provided some financial highlights to illustrate our year-over-year delivery of improved revenues, net income and earnings per share, in addition to significant debt reduction. We also measure our performance in other ways. We invest to improve the quality of the brands we produce. That may take the form of investment in vineyards, wineries, wine and spirits technology, oak barrels, distilleries, information systems, bottling equipment or the many other investments we make to ensure nothing less than the best quality alcohol beverages for our customers and consumers.
Equally important to achieving our performance goals are the values we hold dear as a company. Placing an emphasis on people, quality, customer service, integrity and entrepreneurship began when Constellation was founded in 1945. These five areas of emphasis form our core value system, in which the Constellation “Family” has a great deal of pride. We apply these values to our daily business activities, and will continue to do so because it makes good business sense.
The business world continues to gain complexity on an almost daily basis, and we believe the success we’ve had in building Constellation Brands into the international beverage alcohol company it is today speaks volumes about our values, people, processes, structure and brands. I believe that we have demon- strated our ability to deliver shareholder value and grow our base business, as well as to successfully acquire and integrate other businesses and brands.
We will continue to target delivering above-category growth, just as we’ve strived to do over the 60 years we’ve been in the beverage alcohol business. We’ve grown our revenue thirty-fold since 1990, and we know how important focus, commitment and allocation of appropriate resources are to achieving any of our stated objectives. We never take our success for granted and know what is required to con- tinue delivering stellar results. I have a great deal of confidence about Constellation’s long-term focus and commitment to deliver profitable growth while increasing shareholder value.
As we proceed through fiscal 2007 and continue to grow our business, we will remain ever vigilant for unharvested opportunities, which we work hard to turn into increased shareholder value. As a leader in the international beverage alcohol business, our owners, customers, employees and business partners deserve nothing less.
Richard Sands
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 