  To Our Shareholders
Fiscal 2002 was a defining year for Constellation, one of which we can all be proud. Our accomplishments were many, our results impressive. We achieved record financial performance, delivered strong organic sales growth balanced by strategic acquisitions, and attained a record stock price. This strong performance resulted from the successful execution of our brand- based, consumer-focused strategy.
We are pleased that our efforts during the past year helped us achieve our primary goal of enhancing shareholder value. In Fiscal 2002, despite weakness in many sectors of the economy in the U.S. and globally, we proved once again that our strategy works, and is hard at work for you.
• Our share price rose over 70 percent, adding more than $1.2 billion in market capitalization
• Net sales grew 18 percent
• Acquisitions added over $220 million in net sales, while organic growth contributed a healthy 8.5 percent
• Earnings per share increased 20 percent
• We recorded our 16th consecutive quarter of double- digit earnings per share growth – performance unmatched by our peers
In just over ten years, Constellation has undergone a remarkable transformation, growing from a national company centered on regional brands into an industry leader. As we review the past year for you, we will focus on the strategies that enabled Constellation to deliver these strong results and also share our blueprint for ongoing growth.
Richard Sands
Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer
Strategic Advantages Fuel
Consistent Growth
Constellation’s size and the breadth of our product offerings have provided us with an increasingly important strategic advantage during a period of continuing industry consolidation. Our high level of organic growth and growth through acquisition have strengthened our relationships with our valued business partners – distributors and retailers. Every day, we further solidify and expand these relationships through our strategy of maintaining operating units with individual sales, marketing and production groups. This approach allows us the flexibility to stay close to our customers and our markets, and was validated again during the past year as Constellation responded quickly to changing patterns of consumption during a slowing economy.
In Fiscal 2002, Constellation also demonstrated its skill at efficiently incorporating acquisitions into our portfolio, creating immediate benefits from greatly expanded distribution and enhanced marketing support. Ravenswood, the popular and well-respected California zinfandel acquired last year for the fine wine portfolio, saw its volume rise 23 percent in its first eight months with Constellation. Brands such as Vendange and Talus, added in the past year to the popular and premium portfolio, were integrated successfully, greatly improving the margins in our business. Pacific Wine Partners, the joint venture with BRL Hardy established in August 2001, acquired Blackstone, a popular California merlot that has seen 60 percent growth since joining the alliance. The key Australian brand of the partnership, Banrock Station, generated growth of more than 80 percent since last year. All of these actions during the past year continued to underscore Constellation’s sustainable competitive advantage in identifying and integrating strategic acquisitions.
 2
Strong Portfolio Yields Strong Results
Consumers rarely drink in just one beverage alcohol category. Consequently, our greatest strength is our portfolio of more than 200 brands. The breadth and depth of our portfolio enables us to provide millions with their beverage alcohol of choice across our primary categories of imported beer, wine and spirits.
At the center of Constellation’s portfolio are our growth drivers – imported beer, fine wines and U.K. wholesale – that more than lived up to their name last year. Together, their net sales grew 21 percent and at year-end represented 49 percent of sales. Specifically, imported beer saw 15 percent growth in net sales, primarily through Corona’s strong growth and position as the No. 1 imported beer in the U.S. With the addition of Ravenswood, our fine wine portfolio grew 53 percent. The U.K. wholesale business grew 23 percent in Fiscal 2002, driven by winning new accounts and strong shipments of the ready-to-drink category. Constellation is a leading distributor of that drink category in the U.K.
Our other major businesses, which accounted for 51 percent of net sales, contributed significant cash flow to fuel future growth. They also added greatly to our overall margin expansion. Our spirits division saw growth equal to or greater than industry averages in eight out of ten categories. Our popular and premium wine division – through the addition of strong brands to increase offerings in the $5 to $7 price point range – significantly strengthened its portfolio. Our U.K. branded business had a strong year with its wine portfolio. Stowells of Chelsea, the No. 1 wine brand in the U.K., grew 26 percent.
Constellation exceeded its overall sales and profit targets in Fiscal 2002 through our adherence to balanced growth, which was achieved organically and through acquisitions that expand and enhance our portfolio through higher-margin products.
Looking Ahead
In the coming year, Constellation expects continued growth, maintaining the innovative marketing approaches that have helped us expand in the past. We will also continue to look for strategic acquisitions that meet our strict financial guidelines and enhance our broad portfolio of beverage alcohol brands.
Without acquisitions, we continue to adhere to our long-term target of six to eight percent net sales growth. We also anticipate continued margin expansion through synergies from our businesses, benefits from incremental growth and faster growing, high-margin businesses such as fine wines.
In Fiscal 2003, Constellation will enjoy the first full year of contribution from Ravenswood and Pacific Wine Partners. Additionally, in imported beer, price increases in the Mexican portfolio will allow for increased marketing and sales support designed to enhance future growth.
On the international side, U.K. prospects for the wholesale and wine business remain excellent. Constellation International, formed in March 2002 to coordinate the majority of our export activities, will give more consumers around the world greater access to our products. It will also provide us with improved market insights in a number of areas, including determining which of our brands have the greatest export potential and assessing the international acquisition landscape.
Constellation’s future is strong and sound. We are well positioned in an industry whose dynamics, when coupled with effective strategies and management, can result in impressive financial performance. Our stock’s 70 percent appreciation in Fiscal 2002 was a solid indicator of that performance. And because of our continuing confidence in the Company’s outlook, we announced our second stock split in a year for shareholders.
Over the past several years Constellation has grown significantly, yet our evolution has just begun. The best part of our history has yet to be written, thanks to 5,000 dedicated employees; a talented management team; investors who have shown increasingly strong support for our strategic initiatives; distributors and retailers who believe in the Constellation portfolio; and consumers loyal to our brands. In the coming years, you will see that your continuing support will be rewarded through our unwavering commitment to enhancing shareholder value.
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
    3
 