 3
DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
Constellation Brands experienced an outstanding Fiscal 2004. Despite a national and global business environment as challenging and competitive as the industry has experienced in decades, we achieved a 10 percent* increase in pro forma net sales through growth in each of our major categories: wine, imported beer, distilled spirits and U.K. wholesale. In a year of great change for Constellation, our success was evident in almost every critical financial measure that gauges our performance, including earnings growth, margin enhancements and cash flow.
* On a reported basis, net sales increased 30 percent. The statement that pro forma net sales increased 10 percent is based on comparable results and includes $478 million of net sales as if the Company had owned Hardy in the prior year period.

 PRODUCTS AND BRANDS
Clearly, the acquisition of BRL Hardy Limited was an historic achievement for Constellation Brands, and truly, one of the single most significant events within the beverage alcohol industry in years. The successful integration of Hardy’s business and people within the Constellation Family stands out as a highlight of our accomplishments last year.
Based on a common vision, mutual respect, comparable sales histories and similar cultures, the Constellation and Hardy organizations have blended together seamlessly, resulting in one of the finest management teams in the industry.
While this acquisition created the world’s largest wine company; more importantly, it shaped Constellation into a far more competitive player in the highly aggressive global wine arena. Built on the synergistic combination of two powerful market forces, the newly resulting organization concentrates its focus categorically and geographically
to exploit fully the tremendous global popularity of New World wines. In turn, equity in our powerful wine brands is heightened while long-term shareholder value is enhanced.
Fiscal 2004 was a solid year for our imported beer division, as witnessed by the strength of our relationship with Grupo Modelo. Joining forces, our two companies mutually implemented a Corona price increase consistent with the brand’s clear import leadership position and a healthy beer pricing environment. Recognizing the tremendous growth potential of Corona Light, we are escalating the marketing and sales investment behind this brand.
Our premium spirits business continues to grow with exciting niche products such as the 99 schnapps line and Blue Wave, and new entries such as Beachcomber flavored rums. Innovation of this distinction is sparking additional growth for Constellation Spirits, and is reflective of regeneration throughout the spirits industry.
BREADTH + SCALE = LONG-TERM PROFITABLE GROWTH
Underlying our 2004 performance and our confidence for the years ahead is our consistent, overarching strategy: breadth plus scale equals long-term profitable growth.
Our breadth across product lines and geographies affords us growth- generating investment prospects unrivaled in the industry. Furthermore, our extensive range diminishes the inherent volatility and potential vulnerability that sometimes accompanies growth. As one of the world’s largest beverage alcohol companies, our scale gives us stronger routes- to-market, thereby leveraging our investments. Together, this unequalled breadth and scale propels our focus beyond short-term gain to investment opportunities based on growth and profitability over the long term.
Within the highly competitive beverage alcohol environment, Constellation executes this strategy by concentrating sales and marketing investments in those brands and products where prospects for enhancing returns are greatest.
In 2005, we are making greater than normal investments in our growth wine brands, as well as our imported beer business. We expect this growth investment to result in margin expansion in Fiscal 2006.
COMPETITIVE EDGE
Several other significant steps taken in Fiscal 2004 underscore our objective to enhance shareholder value and sustain long-term profitable growth.
The Hardy merger also facilitated the creation of Constellation Wines U.S. which combined various operating companies such as Canandaigua Wine Company and Pacific Wine Partners under a single umbrella; and Constellation Europe, which combined Matthew Clark and
the former Hardy European organization; and Constellation Wines Rest of the World, which services key markets like Japan and Canada. Here, we’re creating unprecedented sales and supply synergies across categories and geographies and intensifying our attention to emerging world opportunities.
4

Simultaneously, we’ve maintained our historically decentralized management structure for sales, marketing and production that keeps us responsive to our customers and markets.
Constellation is aggressively pursuing all practical margin-building opportunities. A strategic sourcing initiative undertaken during the year will advance cost savings and synergies across all divisions and companies around the world.
Our commitment to prudent financial management was demonstrated by our July equity offering which dramatically improved our balance sheet and leverage ratios. In Fiscal 2004 we once again generated record cash flow to pay down debt. We also recently refinanced major portions of our debt further lowering our average borrowing costs.
LEADERSHIP
I believe a sustaining strength of our company is the people who make up the Constellation Family. They are the finest team in the beverage alcohol industry. Beyond their particular business acumen, craft skills and industry knowledge, Constellation executives, supervisors and associates at all levels typically apply two uncommon skills to their responsibilities: innovation and ownership.
Again last year, we won more “Impact Hot Brand” awards than any competitor. Here, it’s resourceful people who initiate and inspire new Constellation products, packaging, brand and line extensions that drive revenue, and achieve results that are the envy of the industry.
Every day our people live the notion of ownership. Beyond any vested interest in our success, our managers take responsibility for their results. Constellation sustains relatively flat, but highly nimble organizations because our people – from those closest to purchasing to those face-to-face with the customer – are accountable and empowered to meet the challenges and opportunities they encounter every day. The result is an unwaivering orientation towards long- term profitable growth.
A PROVEN STRATEGY
Our focus on scale and breadth as primary drivers for long-term profitable growth has proven itself very conclusively during this era of highly intense industry competition. With the acquisition of Hardy transforming Constellation
into the world’s largest wine company, the restructuring of our global wine business to create more nimble, customer and consumer focused sales, marketing and production companies, and the continued growth of our imported beer and spirits businesses, we are well poised to exploit fully our strengths in product breadth and organizational scale to continue to deliver long-term profitable growth.
My gratification by our past accomplishments is exceeded only by my anticipation of a powerful performance in 2005 and the coming years.
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 5
 