2
PAGE
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S LETTER
TAPPING UNLIMITED POTENTIAL FOR
growth
  FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,
Fiscal 2015 proved to be another year of substantial milestones and impressive financial results for Constellation Brands. Sharply guided by our strategic imperatives to: build brands to grow revenue faster than the market, apply rigorous financial discipline and build the best organization, we continued to seize targeted growth opportunities across beer, wine and spirits. In doing so, we were able to create significant value for you,
our shareholders. In fiscal 2015, our stock price increased by more than 40% – and we capped off the year in April 2015 by initiating a quarterly common stock cash dividend for the first time in the history of our company.
This milestone is of particular significance because it reflects the confidence our executive team and Board of Directors have in our ability to execute against growth opportunities, invest in our businesses and generate free cash flow over the long term that can be returned to our shareholders on a regular basis.
  FISCAL 2015 HIGHLIGHTS
  FREE CASH FLOW*
OPERATING CASH FLOW
EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS)*G $ 4.44
COMPARABLE BASIS
$362 MILLION
$1.1 BILLION
 A TOP PERFORMING STOCK
INCREASE
IN STOCK PRICE
QUARTERLY DIVIDEND INITIATED
® S&P 500
40
%+
ST
1 TIME
CONSUMER STAPLES INDEX
IN COMPANY HISTORY
*Please see page 13 for reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure GEPS on a reported basis is $4.17

60+ MILLION
14+ MILLION
CASES SOLD
CONSTELLATION BRANDS / Summary Annual Report / 2015 3 PAGE
   CASES SOLD
    105+ MILLION
BEER BUSINESS REMAINS STRONG
Our overall performance in fiscal 2015 was, once again, propelled by our Mexican beer business, which continues its incredible momentum and remains strongly positioned to generate ongoing sustainable growth. Net sales for the beer segment increased 12% and beer depletions grew 8%, reflecting strong consumer demand for our entire portfolio of Mexican brands. In fact, every single one of our Mexican beer brands achieved growth. As a result, the Constellation Brands beer business was the #1 contributor to growth in the U.S. beer category, and delivered market share growth across all channels in 48 out of 50 states.
In fiscal 2015, Corona Extra received Cannes Gold & Silver Lion awards and a Silver Effie for the Luna Corona outdoor execution in NYC.
CASES SOLD
                 Data noted on this page from: IRI Channels 2014, Beer Institute 2014, other third-party data

 4
PAGE
         Data noted on next page from: IRI Channels 2014, Beer Marketers Insights 2014, other third-party data

 CONSTELLATION BRANDS / Summary Annual Report / 2015 5 PAGE
    Corona Extra continues to dominate as the #1 imported beer in the U.S. – and is growing at the highest trend rate in years. It sold more than 105 million cases in fiscal 2015 and posted depletion growth of more than 3% for the year – the only “Top 5” beer brand in the U.S. to achieve growth in calendar year 2014. Our general market and Hispanic market advertising, featuring our “Find Your Beach” and “Epic Moments” campaigns, continued to resonate with consumers, capturing the essence of the role Corona Extra plays in their lives. In addition, our “120 Days of Summer” retail program and our alignment with professional boxing, the NFL, the NBA and World Cup soccer kept Corona Extra top of mind with consumers throughout the year.
Modelo Especial exceeded performance expectations, surpassing Heineken as the #2 imported beer in the U.S. across all channels, and achieving depletion growth of more than 16%. In just five years, Modelo Especial has more than doubled its share of the imported beer category, now claiming more than 15%. In fiscal 2015, we rolled out Modelo Especial Chelada nationally, resulting
in more than two million cases sold. Together, the Modelo Especial brand family contributed more dollar growth to the total beverage alcohol category than any other brand family in beer, wine or spirits in fiscal 2015.
Innovative cross-promotions stimulate growth across beer, wine & spirits.
Modelo Especial’s astronomical climb has been fueled by an increased investment in Hispanic market media. We continued to execute our “Real World” advertising campaign, highlighting Modelo Especial as a brand that shares our consumers’ heritage, values and attitudes. We expanded distribution of Modelo Especial draft in key national on-premise accounts, and continued to build equity in the sport of soccer with our World Cup sponsorship.
Corona Light posted record sales in fiscal 2015, hitting the 14.5 million case mark and growing depletions nearly 4% versus the prior year. This strong performance was powered by the continued success of Corona Light draft, which expanded distribution into three new markets, driving incremental sales on-premise and helping increase overall distribution of bottles and cans. And we continued our relationship with NFL coaching legend, Jon Gruden, which helped boost brand loyalty with consumers throughout the football season.
 “Real World” advertising campaign for Modelo Especial.

6
PAGE
  Victoria is a leading
consumer favorite in
Mexico. In fiscal 2015,
U.S. depletions for
Victoria increased by
an astounding 60%,
driven primarily by
Mexican Hispanic
consumers and expanded distribution of the brand into 19 new states.
SMART INVESTMENTS IN
BEER OPERATIONS PAVE THE WAY FOR FUTURE SUCCESS
To ensure we have the quality, capacity, control and flexibility to meet the growing demand for our iconic beer brands, we’re investing heavily in our Nava brewery and beer operations in Mexico. In fiscal 2015, we achieved our key brewery performance goals relating to utilization, quality and cost. All areas of the brewery expansion are well underway, progressing on-budget and on-schedule. Upon completion of
the expansion at the end of calendar year 2017, we will have more than doubled our annual brewing capacity from when we
acquired the brewery in June 2013. We have also progressed with rail, logistics and
site infrastructure additions to support the incremental capacity expansion.
Another major operational accomplishment in fiscal 2015 was the implementation of a multi-faceted, long-term glass strategy for our beer business that included:
• The formation of a 50-50 joint venture with Owens-Illinois, the world’s leading glass container producer, to acquire, own, operate and expand the Nava glass plant, located adjacent to our brewery in Mexico; and
• The execution of a glass supply agreement with Vitro, a well-established Mexican leader in glass manufacturing.
We believe this comprehensive sourcing strategy is the best solution for an essential component of our beer production process. It secures future supply of our materials and improves margins on finished products.
     “Our beer portfolio has outperformed the market for five consecutive years. We have the right strategy in place, we’re making the right investments to fuel growth and our team has never been more focused. We’re excited to work with our distributors to continue building on our momentum in the year ahead.”
Bill Hackett, Executive Vice President and President, Beer Division, Constellation Brands, Inc.
 
CONSTELLATION BRANDS / Summary Annual Report / 2015 7 PAGE
     Data noted on previous page from: Beer Marketers Insights 2014, other third-party data

8
PAGE
   Mobile marketing is helping to build awareness – and loyalty – for our wine and spirits brands through targeted emails, online sweepstakes and coupons, shopping and food pairing apps, dedicated social media pages, contests and more.
     Data noted on next page from: IRI Channels 2014, Canada All National Channels 2014, Company estimates

HIGHER-MARGIN BRANDS
KEY TO GROWTH FOR
WINE BUSINESS
In fiscal 2015, our wine and spirits business achieved operating income growth of 6% and increased operating margin. This growth was primarily driven by positive mix and cost of product sold benefits, including reduced grape costs, as well as positive impacts from ongoing blend optimization initiatives and winery productivity improvements. Specifically, we made targeted investments in new technology
to improve production quality and drive efficiency, and we consolidated bottling into Woodbridge Winery as our “Center of Excellence” for packaging.
We posted strong depletion trends for some of our fastest-growing, higher- margin wine brands, including Kim Crawford, Mark West, Ruffino, Black Box, SIMI, Nobilo and The Dreaming Tree. These trends were bolstered
by significant television and digital advertising investments. Campaigns
included Woodbridge by Robert Mondavi “Moments,” Robert Mondavi Private Selection “For Real,” Kim Crawford “Undo Ordinary” and Black Box “Shattered.” To ensure we meet increasing demand for our higher-margin brands, we acquired and planted 1,100 acres of new vineyards.
Additionally, we remain committed to innovation and new product development that can yield higher-margin growth. We launched an enterprise-wide product development process review to improve our results in this area and increase the success rate of our new product pipeline. Benefiting from this process in fiscal 2015 were our new and expanding product releases in the U.S., including PopCrush, Tom Gore Vineyards, Rosatello, Milestone, Jail Break and Watchdog Rock. Early launch results for these brands are
quite positive.
Our new and expanding product releases in
the U.S.
CONSTELLATION BRANDS / Summary Annual Report / 2015 9 PAGE
     “In fiscal 2015, we held our position as the #1 premium wine company in the world and the #1 wine company in Canada. We grew dollar share in several price segments, and our spirits business saw positive momentum driven by flavor innovation. Our industry-leading advertising and digital marketing continue to help us break through with consumers, and our investments in vineyards,
both in the U.S. and New Zealand, allow us to meet growing consumer demand and craft the best quality products.”
Jay Wright, Executive Vice President and President, Wine & Spirits Division, Constellation Brands, Inc.

 PAGE +
102 4+
 MILLION CASES SOLD
MILLION CASES SOLD
M9ILL+ION CASES SOLD
we announced in fiscal 2015, which are part of an aggressive plan to double our international business every three years.
INNOVATION DRIVES STRONG
PERFORMANCE FOR SPIRITS
Our spirits portfolio performed exceptionally well in fiscal 2015, posting net sales growth of 8%. Overall we gained IRI dollar share of the imported vodka and Canadian whisky categories in the U.S. These gains were strengthened by new flavor introductions, including SVEDKA Strawberry Lemonade and Mango Pineapple, and Paul Masson Grande Amber Peach Brandy. According to the Beverage Information Group, SVEDKA was the only vodka among the top five largest volume vodka brands to achieve growth in calendar year 2014.
The success of Paul Masson Grande Amber Peach Brandy has exceeded even our own expectations. We are currently expanding the product into additional formats and developing other new flavors, as we have with our successful vodka and whisky brands.
     Our Canadian business posted solid fiscal 2015 results and expanded its leadership position as the #1 wine company in Canada. We maintained our leading share in International Canadian Blends (ICB)
and grew wine share on both a dollar and volume basis across all other strategic product categories. Brands driving our strong growth in Canada include Jackson- Triggs, Kim Crawford and Ruffino. Jackson- Triggs, the largest wine brand in Canada, hit the two million case milestone.
In fiscal 2015, our New Zealand wine business set its Vision for 2020: “Achieving 60 in 6.” The goal is to raise depletions to 60 million bottles and produce 60,000 tons of grapes within six years.
To take advantage of our momentum
in the international market, we are collaborating with VATS Liquor to develop Robert Mondavi in China and boosting our Asia business with the launch of SVEDKA Vodka in India. We are also offering our full brand portfolio directly to customers in mainland Europe. These are just
some of the exciting global initiatives
  Data noted on this page from: IRI Channels 2014, Canada All National Channels 2014, Beverage Information Group 2014

CONSTELLATION BRANDS / Summary Annual Report / 2015 11 PAGE
     INTERNATIONAL WINE AND SPIRITS COMPETITION
Our brands earned 84 medals at the competition for Northern Hemisphere Wines, including
11 Gold Outstanding and Gold Medals.
  In fiscal 2015, Constellation Brands partnered with Sandals Resorts International, the Caribbean’s leading all-inclusive resort company, to offer guests a selection of Robert Mondavi wines and programming, including wine pairings and tastings.
        
12
PAGE
   In fiscal 2015, we acquired the Casa Noble tequila business.
In fiscal 2015, we acquired the Casa Noble tequila business and integrated it into our portfolio. This super-premium tequila is a fantastic fit with our business and helps to attract new consumers, as tequila and Mexican beer share similar drinking occasions that lend themselves to exciting cross-promotional opportunities for both
on- and off-premise.
TOMORROW’S GROWTH GUIDED BY DEDICATED LEADERSHIP
To fully capitalize on long-term growth opportunities across our beer, wine and spirits businesses, we established a new Chief Growth Officer position in fiscal 2015 and hired Bill Newlands to fill the role. Bill is heading up a newly-formed Growth organization and building a team that will be accountable for accelerating innovation and new product development initiatives, leveraging strategic insights and customer analytics, and identifying synergies across beer, wine and spirits within our National Accounts organizations.
Overall, I am extremely pleased with the truly exceptional performance and progress we made in fiscal 2015 – all resulting from the dedicated efforts, hard work and talents of our global employees and distributors.
I want to personally thank you, our shareholders, for your investment in our company – and your belief in our business and our brands. We are thrilled that our fiscal 2015 performance resulted in yet another extremely rewarding year marked by unprecedented shareholder value and new opportunities for you to benefit from our success. We look forward to building on this pattern in the year ahead as we continue our mission to build brands that people love.
Rob Sands
President & Chief Executive Officer
  “As the #1 multi-category beverage alcohol company in the U.S.,
our competitive advantage is our unique ability to look across beer, wine and spirits to identify consumer and market trends. We plan strategically, act decisively and execute boldly, always with our eye on growth.”
Bill Newlands, Executive Vice President and Chief Growth Officer, Constellation Brands, Inc.
