Letter to Shareholders
  Greetings:
I am pleased to report that Constellation Brands earned record diluted reported earnings per share of $1.38, as well as record diluted comparable earnings per share of $1.68 in fiscal 2007, even after encountering some challenges during our year-long journey. It was an exciting year of change as we initiated refinements to our business in order to focus on Constellation’s core beverage alcohol production and marketing strengths. We sold our U.K. water business in addition to some non-core wine assets. We added Vincor International Inc., Canada’s premier wine company to our business, and we announced the acquisition of SVEDKA, the fastest growing major imported premium vodka in the U.S. We consummated the SVEDKA acquisi- tion in early fiscal 2008. During fiscal 2007 we entered into a joint venture agreement with Grupo Modelo to import, market and sell premium beers into the entire U.S., including their superb, industry leading, Mexican beer portfolio. Additionally, we reorganized the structure of our wine business to maximize asset utilization, value creation and employ a more holistic go-to-market approach in the U.K. Early in fiscal 2008 we announced that our Matthew Clark wholesale business in the U.K. had become part of a joint venture with that nation’s largest pub owner, Punch Taverns. These changes were all implemented with goals of growing our business and creating long-term shareholder value.
While Constellation Brands has been very active in beverage alcohol mergers and acquisitions in recent years, over the past year or so it has become abundantly clear that beverage alcohol acquisitions in general, and spirits in particular, have become very pricey. Therefore, while there may be opportunities to fill out our beverage alcohol portfolios through smaller, strategic acquisitions, there may not be as much need for large acquisitions as we go forward. This is particularly relevant now that we have a well-developed wine portfolio with terrific breadth that covers all price segments. We will always keep our eyes open for strategic acquisitions that further our long-term growth objectives, while concurrently pursuing our European expansion strategy in 14 countries where our analytics tell us there are growth opportunities for Constellation’s portfolio.
We also see great opportunities for base business growth for our portfolios, and to capture them we identified some evolutionary trends in certain markets, such as the U.K., where per capita con- sumption of wine is higher than in most industrial nations. We know U.K. consumers have been slower to trade up to better quality and higher-priced wines at as quick a pace as consumers have in some of our other core markets – something we hope to change in the near future. And while we have seen what we view as a temporary slowing of growth for Australian wine in the U.K., wine from Australia is under developed and has considerable upside potential in countries such as Canada. Indeed, there continue to be many remaining growth opportunities to be harvested, and for us to pursue.
As we continue to travel the path of long-term growth, there will occasionally be detours or rough sections of roadway. In the short- term, one of those has been Australia, where due to a combination of circumstances including nature’s bountiful grape harvests over the past few years, the wine surplus has temporarily rippled across the oceans and slowed our growth in the U.K. for reasons explained later in this report. Additionally, a mutual desire by both Constellation and its U.S. distributor base led to a decision to lower wine inventories to accommodate our customers’ needs and the improved capabilities brought about, in part, by the consolidation of this tier. We view these factors, and a few of lesser impact, that we reported on March 1, 2007, (fiscal 2008), as aberrations from our recalibrated business growth model of high-single-digit to low-double-digit organic EPS growth. However, we believe that over the mid- to long-term (3-5 years) we will return to these growth rates off of the record high fiscal 2007 base.
Our commitment to creating shareholder value remains at the top of our priority list, and we will continue to leverage our decentralized structure and entrepreneurial spirit to achieve that goal. Also near the top of our emphasis list is our focus on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR). To Constellation, CSR begins with our core values that date back to the founding of our company in 1945. Simply stated, we care about the environment and we care about people. That won’t change because caring is part of our cultural fabric. We care about our shareholders, our customers, our suppliers, our business partners, our employees and our families, as well as about our communities and what makes them strong. Our strength comes from the approxi- mately 9,200 dedicated people who will ensure that we continue to do those things which made us into the company we are today.
We also believe that strength emanates from diversity of points of view. Therefore, this year’s annual report format is somewhat different than in past years. In addition to hearing from me, we believe you should hear from those who are closer to the day-to-day operation of the business. Rob Sands, Constellation Brands president and chief operating officer; Andy Berk, Constellation Beers and Spirits, chief executive officer; Jon Moramarco, chief executive officer of Constellation International; and José Fernandez, chief executive officer of Constellation Wines U.S., will each provide insights about our fiscal 2007 business in question and answer interview sections. We hope you’ll agree that this format provides an interesting insight into the growing world of Constellation Brands.
Thank you for supporting our company, and our brands, in fiscal 2007. Sincerely,
 2007 Annual Report 3
