Dear Shareholder:
This year, I am proud that SUPERVALU’s business operations delivered a standout year in fiscal 2004
marked by significant accomplishments and strong financial results.
SUPERVALU continued to build momentum. We stayed the course on our business strategies and made
substantial progress in our financial metrics. Unlike last year, which was clouded by macro-economic factors,
fiscal 2004 was a year of changing industry dynamics.
A
long-time wholesale competitor declared bankruptcy; health care costs and pension expenses continued to
increase at double-digit rates, which challenged union contract negotiations across the country; and moderate
price inflation returned in some food categories. Today, we are witnessing transformation in the food retailing
industry as companies embark on large-scale infrastructure initiatives to respond to more intense competition and
drive sales improvements.
It is truly an exciting time in our industry, and I believe SUPERVALU is well positioned to continue our
success in this ever-changing environment. Our accomplishments in fiscal 2004 attest to our ability to adapt in a
changing landscape while maintaining our long-term strategies.
In fiscal 2004, we reported:
Sales of $20.2 billion
Net earnings of $280 million
Diluted earnings per share of $2.07
Debt to capital ratio of 46.7 percent, the lowest in more than a decade
Return on Invested Capital (ROIC), calculated on a 52-week basis, of 14.1 percent
Even with the extra week in fiscal 2004 compared to fiscal 2003’s 52-week year, we showed good progress.
The extra week contributed approximately $360 million in revenues and $0.07 in diluted earnings per share in the
fourth quarter.
Key Accomplishments
Fiscal 2004 performance is the result of many initiatives undertaken during the year. Our key
accomplishments in our two business engines will provide the fuel for continued success in fiscal 2005.
Our retail team did an exceptional job again in fiscal 2004. Throughout the year, we generated industry
leading retail comparable store sales growth that was broad based across our markets. Our strong merchandising
and store level execution continued to drive improvement in important benchmarks such as higher customer
counts and average ticket on a like-store basis.
At Save-A-Lot, our fastest growing retail format, we completed much of the staging work necessary to
accelerate the growth of this unique retail offering. In fiscal 2004:
We tested the new combination store prototype, which features both grocery products and general
merchandise at extreme value prices, and increased the pace of store conversions to this combination
store format;
We ended the fiscal year with nearly 200 combination stores within our 37-state Save-A-Lot store
network, including licensees. This was driven by the conversion of existing stores to combination units
and 75 new stores, including licensed stores, that we added to our network during the year;
We continued to invest in our distribution infrastructure with the relocation of three food distribution
centers and the opening of a general merchandise distribution center;
We expanded the general merchandise sourcing programs to support future growth; and
We began to install new technologies to enhance core systems in procurement and inventory
management.
Also in retail during fiscal 2004, our “in-market” efforts with category management and banner branding
enhanced our excellent foothold in key markets where we continue to invest with new stores and remodels. A
few examples are:
Cub Foods in Minnesota improved its market share position by adding four new stores to its network.
Cub Foods plans to open four more stores in Minnesota in fiscal 2005.
We converted the Metro stores in Baltimore, Maryland, to Shoppers Food and Pharmacy, our strong
price impact format in Washington, D.C., which promises to extend our success to another major
market.
Farm Fresh in Virginia continued to grow market share through strong quality and service. In fiscal
2005, an exciting smaller store, uniquely located on the ground floor of a luxury high-rise condo
development, will further broaden Farm Fresh’s appeal to consumers.
Shop ’n Save in St. Louis, Missouri, continued its strong price impact merchandising programs,
including a pilot program featuring Deal$-sourced dollar store merchandise within the larger Shop ’n
Save stores.
SUPERVALU’s distribution business made significant progress in fiscal 2004. We took bold steps to
advance our strategy including focusing on aggressive asset management to carefully align productive assets to
drive solid business returns, continuing the implementation of efficiency initiatives and delivering growth in our
non-asset based business platform. Through a unique asset exchange with C&S Wholesale Grocers, Inc. to
affiliate former Fleming retailers in the Midwest, we successfully brought on and integrated new business into
our existing network. The overall square footage reduction and the complementary increase in capacity
utilization rates was a component of our overall ROIC improvement for the year.
Even though the wholesale distribution business is a mature industry, we have numerous efficiency
initiatives in place across our logistics network generating improvements in our productivity. Supporting our
nearly 3,200 customers are strong programs, founded on an activity-based pricing philosophy, which drive
competitiveness at the grocery shelf level. Whether it is warehouse efficiencies or our business-to-business portal
SVHarbor
®
with more than eight million customer transactions per month, we continuously leverage the
application of technology for process improvement and efficiency.
Our non-asset based logistics service business, Advantage Logistics, made progress in fiscal 2004. We
began serving two new facilities in Denver, including Atkins Nutritionals, a new manufacturing customer
specializing in controlled carbohydrate food products. Since the end of fiscal 2004, we have been awarded our
second Atkins facility. Another hybrid to the traditional brick and mortar offering is our Target-dedicated facility
in Fort Worth, Texas, which serves 49 of the 118 SuperTarget stores we currently supply. As these new business
offerings and solutions gain scale and momentum, they provide a new iteration of growth for our logistics
business over the long term.
All these business strategies across SUPERVALU work hand-in-hand to drive progress on our financial
goals. In fiscal 2004, we continued to strengthen our financial condition.
We continued our prudent capital spending program, with spending for fiscal 2004 at $371.5 million,
including $43.3 million in capitalized leases. As in previous years, our capital spending primarily supports retail
store expansion and remodels, new Save-A-Lot distribution facilities and technology enhancements.
During the year, SUPERVALU reduced debt levels by more than $220 million. As a result, our debt to
capital ratio at year end was 46.7 percent, our lowest level in more than a decade.
Subsequent to the end of the fiscal year, we sold our equity interest in a West Coast retailer named WinCo.
Our decision to sell this equity interest was to monetize an asset over which we had limited control and that
contributed no cash earnings, but had significant unrealized appreciation. We received approximately $150
million in after-tax proceeds for our interest in WinCo, which will be utilized to support further 
debt reduction.
Business Outlook
I
believe SUPERVALU has a promising future with many exciting activities underway.
We have a strong growth plan for Save-A-Lot with the addition of a general merchandise offering and
an increase in store expansion with an estimated 110 to 140 new stores in fiscal 2005.
We continue to sharpen our regional retail excellence across multiple banners. Through new stores and
our remodeling program we have achieved a modern fleet with 80 percent of our regional stores either
new or newly remodeled in the last seven years.
Our diligent efforts in Distribution to rationalize our network to improve capacity utilization rates,
implement “best in class” efficiency programs, and expand our non-asset based logistics platform
remain an excellent formula to support a business model with strong cash flow characteristics.
Our strong financial position provides the flexibility needed to support our future growth.
Lastly, we expect ROIC in fiscal 2005 to benefit from the strategic activities undertaken during fiscal
2004. Our continued focus on ROIC supports a prudent and profitable approach to decision making
that should contribute to meaningful improvements in ROIC in fiscal 2005 as well.
We are confident that SUPERVALU is deploying the best short-term and long-term strategies aimed at the
changing retail environment, the evolving needs of the grocery channel and the improvement in our financial
metrics.
These business strategies will be carried out by the 55,200 hard working employees who in fiscal 2004
renewed their pledge to our Mission Statement’s commitment to serve our customers better than anyone else can,
each and every day. Our customers include retail partners, store consumers and communities. As we diligently
work to create a growing, profitable company, we will continue to deliver value for all of our stakeholders.
Jeff Noddle
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer