Dear Shareholder:
Fresh thinking.
The tradition of innovation it inspires has
guided SUPERVALU for well beyond a century. This year, we
celebrate our 135th
year in business. In this spirit of celebration,
historical accomplishment and future promise, I’m proud to
report that SUPERVALU’s business operations delivered another
very good year in fiscal 2005.
During fiscal 2005, SUPERVALU made significant
progress across all of our operations and further strengthened our
financial condition. We also took some bold steps, forging ahead
with several initiatives that will help set the table for the
company’s next phase of growth as we head into fiscal 2006 and
beyond.
As always, a number of macro factors, both economic and industry-related, impacted our
industry and put our strategic and operating discipline to the test. Fuel prices continued to hit
new highs, impacting our customers’ outlook, their budgets, and the mix of items purchased.
Food inflation also continued to increase across most product categories, with the largest
increases for the year occurring in perishable categories such as meat, dairy, bakery and deli.
Against this backdrop, SUPERVALU kept its strategic focus and fiscal discipline,
delivering another strong year. In fiscal 2005, we reported:
• Sales of $19.5 billion
• Net earnings of $385.8 million
• Diluted earnings per share of $2.71
• Debt-to-capital ratio of 40.1 percent
In fact, fiscal 2005 produced a triple play. SUPERVALU generated a net earnings record
of $385.8 million, including $68.3 million from the sale of the company’s minority interest in
West Coast retailer WinCo Foods, Inc. SUPERVALU also delivered double-digit diluted
earnings per share growth of 35 percent or 16 percent after eliminating the gain on the sale of
WinCo and fiscal 2004’s extra week of results. And we reduced our debt-to-capital ratio to
approximately 40 percent—the lowest in more than a decade.
Key Accomplishments
The company’s performance in 2005 benefited from several key initiatives designed to
further enhance the viability of our retail offerings and drive efficiency in our supply chain
business.
In retail, improving the strength of our retail fleet was a central theme in fiscal 2005 and
our activity largely focused on an aggressive program of store remodels and merchandising
innovation. Our commitment to remodeling our corporate retail network is virtually complete
and enabled many merchandising programs both banner-specific and broad-based across
corporate retail. We completed approximately 30 remodels during fiscal 2005 and, as of the
end of fiscal 2005, approximately 85 percent of our corporate retail stores are either new or
newly remodeled. Our remodeling activity, combined with our excellent local merchandising
programs, positions us to better serve our customers and meet competitive challenges.
At Save-A-Lot, our fastest-growing retail format, we moved ahead with 62 net new store
openings and our store conversion program that blends general merchandise with our full
grocery offering. We completed the year with 466 combination stores—including licensees—
within our 1,287 Save-A-Lot store network, more than doubling fiscal 2004’s number. This
combination format now represents approximately 36 percent of all stores.
SUPERVALU’s supply chain business also made meaningful progress in fiscal 2005,
leveraging concentrated volumes, driving further labor and cost efficiencies, and managing
inventory levels. Despite overall revenue decline in distribution, primarily from previously
announced customer attrition, we achieved new business growth of five percent in fiscal 2005.
And, our comprehensive range of services for the independent grocery retailer—from category
management, center-store strategy, and private-label product programs to our industry-leading
SVHarbor business-to-business tool—continues to differentiate our offerings and underscore
our value as a supplier.
During fiscal 2005, we made a high-profile step to extend our position in the non-asset
based supply chain services industry known as third-party logistics (3PL)—a move that’s
integral to the future of our supply chain business. SUPERVALU’s acquisition of Total
Logistics gives us critical mass in the fast-growing 3PL arena. 3PL services allow companies
to focus on their core competencies—in manufacturing, marketing or retailing—yet realize
best-in-class supply chain efficiencies. 3PL clients typically own their distribution assets, such
as warehouses, trucks and other equipment, while Total Logistics supplies the know-how,
people and technology. We’re optimistic about the long-term potential for our 3PL efforts and
its ability to enrich and broaden our overall distribution services business.
We also launched a new produce business, aptly named W. Newell & Co. after our
founders. A new, 155,000 square-foot facility in Illinois, scheduled to open in August, will
support a dedicated specialized sales and service organization. Speed-to-shelf is the most
critical aspect when it comes to highly perishable produce. We intend to leverage our
expertise in produce to perfect the produce supply chain, significantly reducing the amount of
time it takes for produce to reach the case and, thereby, increasing the freshness and variety of
our produce offerings. Today, there is no national produce provider. Our vision is that W.
Newell & Co. can be that provider.
All of our business strategies across SUPERVALU are part of an integrated effort to
drive toward our financial goals. In fiscal 2005, we continued to strengthen our financial
condition. We maintained our prudence in capital spending, with fiscal 2005 spending at
$325.7 million. As in previous years, our capital spending primarily supports retail store
expansion, remodeling activity and technology enhancements. SUPERVALU also continued
to reduce debt levels during the year. The strength of our business operating cash flow and
prudent capital spending provides us with the financial flexibility to invest for future growth.
Business Outlook
During fiscal 2006, we’ll build upon our core strategies by forging ahead with a number
of programs that represent SUPERVALU’s next-generation approach to the market.
• We’ll further sharpen our regional retail excellence across multiple banners.
Our regional banner growth plan calls for approximately 10 to 12 new stores
and approximately 40 major and minor store remodels.
• Our growth plan for Save-A-Lot will remain robust. Our fiscal 2006 plans call
for approximately 90 to 110 new extreme value food combination stores,
including licensees, and approximately 100 extreme-value combination store
conversions.
• The acquisition of Total Logistics provides us with the path to branch out into
larger supply chain business opportunities, both within and beyond grocery
retail. With Total Logistics as a platform, we can now aggressively build our
presence in the 3PL arena.
• W. Newell & Co., our new produce company, provides a tremendous business
opportunity that we hope to leverage for our own retail operations, our Midwest
independent grocery retail customers, and new customers. Ultimately, we hope
to take W. Newell & Co. nationwide.
• Lastly, we will remain focused on our financial goals and prudent capital
spending. Having achieved our previous long-term return-on-invested-capital
goal of 15 percent, we are setting a new long-term goal of 18 percent.
We are confident that SUPERVALU is deploying the best short-term and long-term
strategies aimed at the highly dynamic retail environment, the evolving needs of the grocery
channel, and the improvement in our financial metrics.
Jeff Noddle
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer