 Dear SUPERVALU Stockholders,
Having spent many years in this industry, I have known of SUPERVALU’s strengths – its people, assets and tremendous customer base. When I was offered the position of President and Chief Executive Officer earlier this year, I was excited by the opportunity and prospects for this Company. During my first 100 days on the job, a good portion of my time has been spent visiting our operations, meeting with customers and getting to know our employees. Throughout this time, I have developed an even deeper appreciation for this organization and the many opportunities that I believe are available to us.
Wholesale – My background has primarily been on the wholesale side of the
business. Here I see SUPERVALU having several key points of differentiation.
First is our distribution network that I believe can be aggressively leveraged to take advantage of new business opportunities. Second, one of our key selling points will be our robust private brands portfolio, many of which are highlighted on the back of this year’s annual report. Lastly, SUPERVALU has an established infrastructure that can provide crucial back-office services in an efficient and cost effective manner to independent retail businesses. We offer a great value proposition that can assist companies in lowering their operating costs and reducing their future capital expenditure needs, while giving them access to more sophisticated operating tools.
Retail – This year we intend to make higher levels of investments in our retail banners as well as make changes to our merchandising approach. We plan to upgrade our fresh departments with an emphasis on bakery and deli, as well as refine our assortments based on the specific needs of the neighborhoods in which we operate. The learnings we garner from our five retail banners should benefit our Wholesale customers as well.
Save-A-Lot – Save-A-Lot is our hard discount format under which we operate or license approximately 1,350 stores. We intend to strengthen this brand through merchandising and marketing changes that are being rolled out. We have begun introducing a limited number of national brands to broaden Save-A-Lot’s overall customer appeal. We’re also revamping our private brands portfolio to bring a new brand to Save-A-Lot, America’s Choicesm, which will span most categories. Our weekly ads have been redesigned to give them a stronger price message and attract customers to our stores. We’ll also be changing certain aspects of the store layout to better position our fresh departments to further set Save-A-Lot apart from other discount retailers. Finally, we continue to explore a separation of Save-A-Lot, including preparations to allow for a possible spin-off of Save-A-Lot into a stand-alone, publicly traded company.
Leadership – We have added several new executives to our top notch management team whom I believe will help drive SUPERVALU forward. Eric Claus is now the CEO at Save-A-Lot and has been working on improving its operating model. Mike Stigers is leading our Wholesale business and is acutely focused
on a selling culture based on addressing our customers’ needs. Also new to the executive team is Jim Weidenheimer, our Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Chief Innovation Officer. I have worked with Jim in the past and believe he will help us execute on the market opportunities available to us and also bring new ideas to our business operations.
With that as a backdrop, I am excited for SUPERVALU to be the leading distributor of consumable products and provider of services to retailers in this country, including our own retail banners. We clearly have a great deal of work in front of us to accomplish that, and I am optimistic that we can, and will, grow this business.
I look forward to updating you on our progress next year and thank you for your continued support.
Mark Gross
President and Chief Executive Officer
