 It was also a year of considerable strategic progress both for the Company and for our indi- vidual businesses. The Stanley Works has a proud 163 year heritage. However, we are keenly aware that standing still is tantamount to moving back- wards during this era of ever intensifying global competition. Consequently, we hold ourselves accountable to make and execute tough calls regarding our portfolio of businesses and we hold each of our operating managers accountable for
continuously strengthening the organizations
and enterprises for which they are responsible. This forward-looking, fact-based approach led to the acquisition of Facom and National as well as the acquisitions of six smaller security compa- nies with annual revenues totaling $140 million. It also led to the decision during the year to divest our activities in U.K. decorator tools and in appliance hinge manufacturing. These were product lines that had minimal long-term poten- tial for either profitable growth or above average returns.
* REFER TO PAGE 38 OF MD&A FOR THE RECONCILIATION OF OPERATING CASH FLOW TO FREE CASH FLOW.
163RD MANAGEMENT LETTER TO SHAREOWNERS
 TO OUR SHAREOWNERS We entered 2005 stating that “our company remains poised for further growth.” This was in fact the case as Stanley continued on its upward trajectory. Organic growth, achieved by delivering a superior value proposition to end users of our products and services, as well as strategic acquisitions contributed to our success. Overall revenue in- creased by 10% including organic growth of 4%. Earnings per share from continuing operations were up 13%, and free cash flow* (operating cash flow less capital investment) was 109% of net income. Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) was a robust 14.8%. In total, our financial performance was consistent with our long-term financial objectives.
THE STANLEY WORKS
2

   2005 WAS THE THIRD CONSECUTIVE YEAR IN WHICH SALES INCREASED BY A DOUBLE-DIGIT PERCENTAGE, AND EARNINGS PER FULLY DILUTED SHARE FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS HAS GROWN AN AVERAGE OF 39% ANNUALLY SINCE 2002.
These moves position The Stanley Works to reach the $4 billion mark in revenues in 2006 with a clear road map to achieve double-digit EPS growth over the next several years. As industry consolidation has accelerated across our segments, we have successfully capitalized on our financial flexibility and acquisition integra- tion capabilities to create value. Moreover, these moves have considerably strengthened each of the company’s core franchises in tools, hardware and security solutions while prospectively reduc- ing dependence on any one customer to no more than 10% of revenues.
During this year of lackluster U.S. equity market returns, the value of SWK shares decreased 2%, closing at $48.04, approximately in-line with the overall market and our peer group. Total return on shareowners’ investment was 1% in 2005, fol- lowing 35% and 11% returns in 2004 and 2003, respectively. Dividends increased 6% to $1.14 per share. This was our 129th consecutive year of paying a cash dividend and the 38th consecutive year it has been raised. We continue to view the dividend as an important part of our overall return to shareholders.
STATE OF THE BUSINESS 2005 was the third consecutive year in which sales increased by a double-digit percentage, and earnings per fully diluted share from continuing operations has grown an average of 39% annually since 2002. Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) has improved
3.2 pts during the same period despite our having invested an additional $1 billion of capital to build out our portfolio. Our success has been a direct result of empowering our management teams and in turn, their people, to pursue prof- itable growth through three essential impera- tives: 1) Strong and innovative customer value propositions that solve our customers’ problems and exceed their expectations; 2) Brand support; and 3) Global cost competitiveness through the Stanley Fulfillment System (SFS). We are confi- dent that we can earn above average returns and achieve long-term vitality by owning and operat- ing businesses for which these factors are impor- tant and encouraging our management teams to excel in these areas.
CONSUMER PRODUCTS Our consumer hand and mechanic’s tool business sets the standard for success as it relates to these imperatives. Our lineup of innovative tools, with product cues taken from the professional end user, is stronger than ever. Brand awareness and vitality in the U.S. is second to none and we believe we have cost leadership or parity in most categories in which we participate. Commercialization efforts have been broadened in recent years in an effort to reach the full spectrum of end users.
As this letter goes to press, we are embarking on the most ambitious new hand tools product launch in our history: FatMax® XtremeTM. This exciting new family of products, aimed squarely
2005 ANNUAL REPORT
3

 at the professional and serious DIYer, will create a new industry “gold standard” for design and performance. We are also intensifying our com- mercialization efforts in the construction and DIY markets in Europe in 2006, with the inten- tion of achieving market success comparable to that we are currently enjoying in the Americas. One word, momentum, characterizes the state of our consumer hand and mechanic’s tool business.
Consumer hardware, now almost $300 million in annual revenues, is also in great shape as we enter 2006. The combined Stanley/National franchises offer the broadest product line in the industry, the best merchandising capabilities, the best service proposition through National’s fulfillment center and global cost leadership through Stanley’s world-class low-cost country manufacturing and sourcing operations in con- junction with SFS. One might think “a hinge is a hinge,” and it is, but more importantly, consumer hardware is a service business with defensible advantages. Stanley/National will be well posi- tioned to expand into adjacent product areas and geographies after completing its integration activities in 2006.
Our plastic and metal consumer storage business (about 10% of the segment) remains a question mark in this otherwise very strong segment.
While innovative, profitable and recently success- ful, consumer storage competes in an industry which has unfavorable structural aspects that suppress returns and thus is under constant review.
INDUSTRIAL The Facom integration takes front and center stage in 2006. We like the company we bought. We like the people, the brands and the value proposition. Facom, in combination with our previously existing European business, estab- lishes The Stanley Works as the company with clear brand leadership and the strongest value proposition across the various European geogra- phies and market segments. In time, with full access to Stanley’s resources, Facom will achieve global cost competitiveness which in turn will secure its role in our company as another center of excellence for professional, industrial, automo- tive and plumbing tool design for years to come.
Our Bostitch pneumatic fastening systems busi- ness offers a strong value proposition with the freshest line of corded pneumatic products in the industry, and a reputation as the quality choice for the professional and industrial customer. Despite a diverse manufacturing footprint with facilities in Asia, Eastern Europe, Mexico and the U.S., Bostitch still has some work to do on its cost position, for which plans are being formulated.
 THE FATMAX® XTREMETMLINE IS THE MOST AMBITIOUS HAND TOOLS PRODUCT LAUNCH IN STANLEY HISTORY. IT WILL CREATE A NEW INDUSTRY “GOLD STANDARD” FOR DESIGN AND PERFORMANCE FOR THE PROFESSIONAL AND SERIOUS DIYER.
THE STANLEY WORKS
4

 This represents an opportunity for both profit improvement and growth as we go forward.
Mac Tools has long detracted from segment growth and profitability although its operating margin rate has rebounded into positive territory in recent years. With its brand in resurgence, the Mac Tools team worked hard to reposition its customer value proposition in 2005, with the re- cent introduction of custom-built tool boxes and MacEdgeTM wrenches being two excellent exam- ples. We like this business and believe it has sub- stantial upside operating leverage if the manage- ment team’s plans to grow it organically in 2006 and beyond are successful.
Our CST/berger laser measuring and leveling business is an excellent example of unlocking value through both organic and acquisitive strategies. Purchased for $64 million less than two years ago, the unit has nearly doubled in size to a $100 million annualized revenue run rate with operating margin well above line average. CST/berger is an innovation and brand leader in the professional markets it serves. It also has an excellent cost position with much of its product manufactured in India and China.
Our Proto industrial mechanics tools, Vidmar stor- age solutions, Assembly Technologies, Hydraulic Tools and Supply and Services businesses are all well positioned and profitable elements of the Industrial segment. With strong brands, frag- mented customer bases, and solutions-oriented value propositions, we are looking to grow and nurture these businesses. We believe that the overall industrial segment has the potential to grow and expand margins over the next several years. This should benefit us as we continue to diversify The Stanley Works’ revenue base and end market exposure.
SECURITY SOLUTIONS Stanley Security Solutions has been a truly impressive growth story. This enterprise blossomed from the Access Technologies
automatic door business which was approximately $100 million in revenues as recently as 2001. Today, security is a vibrant $800 million segment focused on mechanical and electronic access con- trol and automatic doors with attractive operat- ing margins, averaging 15 – 16% over the past few years. We believe that we have a unique opportu- nity to create a customer value proposition in the global commercial security industry second to none. We recognize the need to construct direct go-to-market strategies around specific customer industry verticals. We also believe that we can achieve cost leadership by streamlining many of our field and backroom processes and consoli- dating our supply base. The end result will be a specialized value proposition tailored to our customers’ needs and complemented by cost competitive world-class installation and service execution. While admittedly a work in process, we are taking the necessary strategic and opera- tional steps to achieve this vision which should facilitate higher organic growth and margin rates. In the meantime, profit growth and returns are excellent if somewhat volatile from quarter to quarter. We remain totally committed to this segment and see Security Solutions as an important source of growth and value creation for years to come.
MOVING FORWARD Our company is vastly differ- ent than it was at the turn of the century. We have consciously evolved from a cost-focused building products company to a more growth-oriented diversified industrial. We have a vision to be the world’s biggest and best branded tools and hard- ware franchise, coupled with a security solutions platform which offers the potential for above aver- age growth and returns.
Our corporate culture has shifted accordingly. We have been able to achieve significant growth in recent years without losing our cost and cash discipline, thus increasing ROCE. We are proud but never arrogant. Integrity and sound business practices remain the foundations of our culture.
2005 ANNUAL REPORT
5

   James M. Loree
Executive Vice President & CFO
As we have advanced, our employee satisfaction levels have increased accordingly. Our associates’ job satisfaction is higher than at any time in the last decade as each success brings with it the prospect of more to come.
We believe that all parts of our company must be moving forward and continuously advancing their strategic positions to ensure long-term com- petitiveness and retain a role in our company’s future. Thus, each and every Stanley Works’ asso- ciate has a vital and important role to play. We must continue to enhance the capabilities of our human resources as, in the end, it is our people that deliver our value propositions to customers and therein define our brand. The pace of com- petitive change is accelerating in all of our busi- nesses, driven by technological forces and the rapid emergence of China, India and Eastern Europe as both the new competitive order and new growth markets to be penetrated.
John F. Lundgren
Chairman & CEO
We cannot recall a more challenging and exciting environment and we are confident that Stanley and its thousands of associates around the world have never been better prepared to take on those challenges to win in the marketplace and maxi- mize shareholder value.
Sincerely,
John F. Lundgren
Chairman & CEO
James M. Loree
Executive Vice President & CFO
New Britain, CT March 2006
  THE STANLEY WORKS
6
