162ND MANAGEMENT LETTER TO SHAREOWNERS
TO OUR SHAREOWNERS
The 162nd year in our company’s history was an active and successful one...inside our company, in the marketplaces for our products, as well as with our financial performance. We indicated in last year’s letter that the company exited 2003 with “the greatest levels of momentum and earnings power in recent memory.” The momentum continued throughout 2004 and the earnings power was realized.
 Responding to a first half that introduced severe cost inflation in commodity materials such as steel, resins and oil, we took swift actions – working closely with our suppliers to ensure reliable delivery of increasingly scarce commodities and with our customers to ensure that the necessary passing-on of such cost increases occurred. As the Stanley Fulfillment System (SFS) continued to take hold across the company, fundamental improvements were achieved throughout the supply chain. The results were a high rate of product availability for our customers which, in turn, supported the highest level of organic growth achieved in recent years.
These actions, combined with the inte- grations of Blick Plc, Frisco Bay Industries, Ltd., and CST/Berger, all acquired in 2004, the contin- uation of a long-awaited economic recovery throughout the year and solid execution by 14,100
Stanley associates enabled us to deliver excellent financial results.
Revenues grew steadily in all quarters, earnings climbed to record levels, cash flows remained strong, cash dividends were increased for the 37th consecutive year and the company exited 2004 with strong momentum and even greater earnings power than it entered the year with. The process of shifting our business portfolio into market segments with above average profitability was advanced with integra- tion of businesses acquired a year ago, several strategic divestitures and a number of small but strategic acquisitions announced and/or complet- ed late in the year.
Wall Street reacted positively. The Stanley Works’ shares increased 32% in 2004, closing the year at $48.99. Total return on shareowners’ investment was 35% in 2004, following an 11% return in 2003.
2004 ANNUAL REPORT
1

SUMMARY OF 2004 RESULTS: Sales from contin- uing operations – in other words, excluding the sales of our divested residential entry doors, home décor and German paint roller businesses – were $3.0 billion, up 20% over last year. The inclusion of Blick Plc, Frisco Bay Industries and CST/Berger added 9%, supplementing solid organic sales growth of 11%.
Earnings from continuing operations of $240 million ($2.85 per fully diluted share) increased 40% over $172 million earned in the prior year, excluding nonrecurring charges and credits recorded in 2003. It is a testament to the hard work of our associates that we were able to deliver 40% earnings growth on 20% sales growth, despite the aforementioned commodity cost inflation. In 2004, Stanley incurred approx- imately $75 million of material cost and freight inflation, the majority of which was steel in Fastening Systems. Our business units were suc- cessful in recovering about $44 million of such costs from customers and, despite the negative impact of the remaining $31 million on our earn- ings, we were able to grow earnings at a rate that approximately doubled our sales growth.
Operating cash flow was a solid $372 million, following $464 million in 2003 and $285 million in 2002. Free cash flow* (operating cash flow less capital expenditures and capitalized software) was also strong at $317 million, follow- ing $425 million in 2003 and $233 million in 2002. With this $975 million of combined free cash flow in 2002 – 2004, we’ve been able to pay
our cash dividends, finance acquisitions and maintain our balance sheet at desired levels of leverage.
Dividends increased 5% to $1.08 per share and the dividend rate was increased by 8% to $1.12 per share. This marked our 128th consecu- tive year of paying a cash dividend and the 37th consecutive year it has been raised. We continue to view the cash dividend as an important element of total return to shareowners.
Debt-to-capitalization decreased to 32% from 44% a year ago, despite funding over $300 million for four acquisitions in higher-than- average-growth markets, while maintaining single “A” credit ratings. We count our company’s financial strength and ongoing cash generating abilities among its most formidable competitive advantages.
EXPANSION PHASE CONTINUES In 2004, our two growth platforms – Tools and Security Solutions – supplemented solid organic growth with strategic acquisitions. In addition, strength in the overall economies and markets for our products and services, excellent merchandising of our products and the best customer fill rates Stanley has delivered in recent years all con- tributed to increased revenues. In 2004 we began reporting our results in three segments: Consumer Products, Industrial Tools and Security Solutions. Each had its own successes in 2004 and each is positioned for profitable growth in 2005 and beyond.
 REVENUES GREW STEADILY IN ALL QUARTERS, EARNINGS CLIMBED TO RECORD LEVELS, CASH FLOWS REMAINED STRONG, CASH DIVIDENDS WERE INCREASED FOR THE 37TH CONSECUTIVE YEAR AND THE COMPANY EXITED 2004 WITH GREATER EARNINGS POWER THAN A YEAR AGO.
*Refer to page 40 of MD&A for the reconciliation of operating cash flow to free cash flow.
THE STANLEY WORKS
 2

 PLATFORM FOR GROWTH:
TOOLS
CONSUMER PRODUCTS During 2004 we divested three business units from this segment: residen- tial entry doors, home décor and Friess (a German paint roller producer). These three busi- nesses were profitable, but at levels below our corporate average. Additionally, they were not strategic elements of our portfolio, as they were too dependent upon a narrow customer base and not positioned for a profitable future. These divestitures yielded a number of benefits: first, $171 million of after-tax proceeds to reinvest in higher-margin growth businesses; second, improved overall profitability of the segment by removing these low-margin businesses; third, improved growth prospects of the segment; and, fourth, enhanced the ability of the Consumer team to focus on the tools, storage and hardware businesses. With a renewed focus on tools, stor- age and hardware, we proceeded to deliver a value proposition that enabled our retail cus- tomers and us to grow, gain share, increase prof- its and offer a compelling proposition to end users.
Consumer Products sales increased 12% organically in 2004. The marketing team again advanced its ability to drive sales at retail through innovative and attractive presentations of products. In 2004 we increased focus on the commercialization of our products at retail and support of our brand. We reinstituted a program
The Stanley® MaxLifeTM 369TM flashlight’s unique, parallel energy cell technology enables it to run on 3, 6 or 9 batteries. This rugged, weather-resistant illumina- tion tool can generate over 200 hours of continuous light with six bright LEDs, making it the ideal emergency light.
of television and print advertising, web-based advertising and public relations campaigns. The Stanley® brand remains one of our most valuable assets and its importance is seen by our retail customers, too. Retail customer support of our fall 2004 advertising campaign with their own advertising and in-store promotions verified the strength of our partnership with them, one that we solidified with encouraging order fill rates, an array of new products and a series of in-store merchandising programs that added up to a mutually beneficial program.
While there were many successes in Consumer Products, there are several new chal- lenges we will address in 2005. First among these is our ZAG® consumer storage business, which encountered a series of petroleum-based resin cost increases and Israeli port strikes in 2004. Our customers were faced with both increasing prices and irregular delivery. We have developed an internal initiative to improve operations and we are better positioned to serve customers now that the port strike issue has been resolved.
The increased demand for our consumer products led to the doubling of capacity at our Kannapolis, NC distribution facility and a com- mitment to add a second facility in Thailand. We also added a new state-of-the-art saw line at our facility in Besancon, France. We continue to in- vest in the Stanley brand and the facilities where our products are produced to insure the long-term well-being and profitable growth of our Consumer Products businesses.
2004 ANNUAL REPORT
3

  MAC TOOLS RETURNED TO PROFITABILITY AND WAS THE LARGEST SINGLE CONTRIBUTOR TO THE COMPANY’S EARNINGS GROWTH IN 2004.
INDUSTRIAL TOOLS Industrial Tools sales grew 18% in 2004, including 12% organic growth and 6% from an acquisition.
Stanley Fastening Systems exemplified Stanley’s Industrial performance improvement during 2004, simultaneously facing the challenges of steel cost hyper-inflation and the need for added capacity.
The Fastening System team performed well, managing increased demand against avail- able supply. When the year ended, sales had increased 17% with double-digit percentage increases in both North America and Europe (aside from currency benefits) and the Bostitch® brand was as strong as ever.
Mac Tools had an encouraging year. Having terminated its direct retail model in 2003 in favor of a renewed commitment to its inde- pendent distributor base, the team delivered much needed stability to that distributor base in 2004 and refined its business model to foster profitability and growth. Mac Tools returned to profitability and was the largest single contribu- tor to the company’s earnings growth in 2004. The cost structure has been right-sized, the dis- tributor network organized and the business is ready to grow profitably.
With growth came the need for capacity additions in several of our industrial businesses. We responded with the planned expansion of our fastener capacity in China and added capacity at
our CST/Berger facility in Illinois.
Our smaller industrial businesses –Proto®
Mechanics Tools, Vidmar® Storage, Assembly and Hydraulic Tools – delivered sales growth, market share gains and productivity, all contributing to the improved performance of this segment.
PLATFORM FOR GROWTH:
SECURITY SOLUTIONS
Stanley Security Solutions (SSS) completed the acquisitions of Blick Plc and Frisco Bay Industries, Ltd., among the largest access security integrators in the U.K. and Canada, respectively. These strategic acquisitions (together approxi- mately $180 million of annual revenues) provided SSS with scale, advancement toward global pres- ence, leading shares in their local markets, speci- fication capabilities that offer opportunities for other Stanley®/Best® products and products that represent opportunities for growth through exist- ing installed bases. With these two acquisitions, SSS moved closer to becoming uniquely positioned to offer customers integrated security solutions, via direct sales and service forces, globally.
As customer needs become more special- ized by industry segment, we are building go-to- market strategies around specific industry verticals. Our legacy automatic door business is particularly strong with retailers, providing us with a unique view into their changing needs and
THE STANLEY WORKS
4

related security growth opportunities. Similarly, Best Access Systems is aligned closely with healthcare and education customers, as well as commercial construction. The recently acquired ISR Solutions and Security Group companies give us instant strength and credibility in the fast- growing government channel. Finally, Frisco Bay Industries provides us with a market position and insight into the financial institutions channel. As our business evolves, you can expect to see us building our position and strengthening our value proposition within each of these industry vertical markets, while benefiting from the scale economies of centrally-managed field operations with national footprints in several countries. Successful execution of this strategy will secure a profitable and growing Security Solutions enter- prise for years to come.
THE STANLEY FULFILLMENT SYSTEM
The Stanley Fulfillment System (SFS) is a contin- uous operations improvement process committed to responding to the voice of our customers. At the core of fulfillment are the key deliverables: perfect quality, service excellence, optimal cost, and environmental health & safety (EH&S) improve- ments. These key deliverables are driven by inno- vation in the areas of information technology, business processes, process technologies, people development and acquisition integration.
Quality is nonnegotiable and fulfillment starts and ends with the customer. We are poised
over the next several years to continue to benefit from Lean and Six Sigma, while our focus on quality has never been stronger. The application of SFS principles improved our fill-rates to customers by over three points globally, facilitat- ing much of our revenue growth.
Our customers demand value. In 2004 material price inflation presented new challenges for our SFS program and we answered that decisively by deploying SFS’ full array of cost reduction techniques across the company. Thus, we partially offset inflation pressure and provid- ed clear direction on the pricing actions that had to be taken. This occurred in a year of solid sales growth with no significant restructuring activity and as such, SFS continued to be a key enabler of our shift from restructuring to organic productivity.
There is a high correlation between the safety and cleanliness of a plant and its produc- tivity. EH&S directly drives customer and share- holder value by reducing manufacturing down- time, providing improved waste stream manage- ment, ensuring our employees are safe in their work environment and delivering year over year cost reduction. SFS also provides a robust method for integrating acquisitions into our businesses. We leverage our operating principles to derive increased benefits from synergies. The Stanley Fulfillment System contributed immensely to our overall 2004 performance in all of our key focus areas. In 2005 we expect continued EH&S and customer service improvements, quality enhance- ments and further cost reduction initiatives.
            TM
2004 STANLEY FULFILLMENT SYSTEM HIGHLIGHTS
QUALITY OVER 300 KAIZEN EVENTS WERE HELD GLOBALLY WITH FOCUS ON ELIMINATING WASTE WITHIN THE COMPANY’S SUPPLY CHAIN PROCESSES.
SERVICE UTILIZING OUR MABO FACILITY IN BESANCON, FRANCE AS AN INCUBATOR FOR PRODUCTION AND SALES PLANNING IMPROVEMENTS LED TO 5 POINTS OF FILL RATE IMPROVEMENT FOR EUROPE.
COST 2004PRODUCTIVITYINITIATIVESWEREINSTRUMENTALINOFFSETTINGMATERIALCOSTINFLATION. EH&S A 22% IMPROVEMENT IN LOST TIME INCIDENTS WAS ACHIEVED IN 2004.
2004 ANNUAL REPORT
   5

OUTLOOK: SUSTAINING
GROWTH
The winning value proposition – innovative branded customer solutions at competitive costs, supported by creative advertising and merchan- dising materials, delivered with superb service levels – is proving to be attractive to customers and end users everywhere.
Our company remains poised for further growth. Our cost structure is competitive and we continue to deliver product innovation on a regular basis. We are rapidly advancing our commercialization capabilities; our factories have improved their safety and environmental performance; and our cash generation supports future acquisition growth. Our team has demon- strated its ability to reinvest that cash wisely and to integrate acquired businesses quickly.
Our portfolio of businesses has been
advanced considerably toward favored markets while reducing our overall dependence on a limited number of large customers. Two solid strategic platforms for growth – Tools and Security Solutions – are in place. A stronger portfolio combined with strong execution by our associates led us to a record 2004 and re- presents the path to continued success in 2005 and beyond.
The Stanley® brand, world-class factories, a reliable and efficient distribution network, a strong array of customers serving diverse markets, financial strength and 14,100 engaged associates are the elements that will enable disciplined, profitable growth while maintaining the flexibility to respond to unanticipated changes in market conditions.
Our momentum is solid and we plan to capitalize upon it. We look forward to a successful 2005 and a bright future.
   John F. Lundgren
James M. Loree
Chairman & CEO
Executive Vice President & CFO
THE STANLEY WORKS
6
