         MAnAGEMEnT LETTEr TO ShArEOwnErS
The STanley WorkS – STrengTh and FlexibiliTy in 2009 and beyond
The state of today’s operating environment was almost unthinkable only a few years ago. At that time, if someone had prognosticated any one of the following conditions, they likely would have been labeled as an extreme pessimist or at least an outlier:
• Storied financial institutions such as Lehman Brothers, Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual collapsing overnight
• Global credit markets essentially seizing up with virtually no access to funds for those issuers with ratings below upper tier investment grade. Central bankers around the world stepping up with trillions of dollars of liquidity and credit guarantees
• Major currencies gyrating with unimaginable volatility and the U.S. dollar continuing to strengthen in spite of our country’s expanding balance sheet and growing fiscal deficit
• Asset values plummeting at alarming rates. The Dow plunging to levels not seen since 1997 while U.S. treasury bills are yielding almost zero
• One of the worst inflationary environments since the early 1970s yielding to a sweeping deflationary trend in a matter of weeks during the latter part of 2008
• Economic growth grinding to a halt and then slipping into deep negative territory with manufacturer’s unit volumes typically down in double digits and no clear indication of a recovery
• The U.S. housing market slipping into depression-like conditions with housing starts dropping from a 36 year peak of 2.1 million as recently as 4 years ago to a current level of approximately 500 thousand annualized.
  1

 2
Yet this is the world of today. In our view, this is a world in which strong, reality-based com- panies that are well prepared will emerge as winners and reward their investors. This is a world that will place a premium on manage- ment teams that operate with agility, courage and common sense. Needless to say, in this world, the stakes are high – just as big winners will emerge from this tumult, losers will be left in the dust. Such dislocation is a logical and common phenomenon which occurs during recessionary periods; however, we think that the magnitude of today’s external issues will amplify this effect by placing severe stresses and strains on weaker enterprises.
At Stanley, we view this as a time of unparal- leled opportunity. Our senior management team is seasoned, with our officers having been in key leadership positions with Stanley for an average of 11 years. This same team has been operating the company and reposi- tioning it strategically for many years now. Together, we have made considerable progress and are dealing from a position of strength with respect to our financial condition, business portfolio, competitiveness and management system.
Financial Strength and Stability
robust cash generation has been a key feature of the revitalized Stanley works. Our ability to generate cash through recessions has been cycle-tested and, notably, the two years associ- ated with this latest downturn (’07/’08) has been the strongest two year free cash flow (“FCF”) period in our history. Further, during the ten year period ended December 2008 our company generated $2.9 billion of FCF, or almost 3x that of the $1.0 billion realized
during the ten preceding years. This dramatic increase was the result of a concerted and sustained effort to extract cash from the enterprise and reinvest it in areas producing high cash returns. Our success in managing working capital exemplifies this approach. At year-end 1999, working capital was $702 million. Nine years later we closed out the year with working capital of $731 million, essentially unchanged during a period when the company grew its revenues by over 60%. This passion for sustained cash flow and asset efficiency has enabled us to reinvest over $2.8 billion in acquisitions since the beginning of 2002 while returning $1.2 billion to shareholders through cash dividends and share repurchases during the same period.
Another important element of Stanley’s financial strength is our long-standing com- mitment to an upper tier investment grade credit rating. During the credit boom, we refused to heed the clarion call to increase leverage and compromise credit quality. This disciplined, conservative financial posture has served us well as we have enjoyed free and clear access to short and long term credit markets at favorable rates. During the entire credit crisis, our access to commercial paper markets has been uninterrupted. Further, we were the first industrial company to open the public issue term debt markets after the multi-week freeze in the wake of the Lehman bankruptcy. We had been planning to term out some short term paper at the time and, on September 24, 2008 we were able to successfully open the market and issue $250 million of 5-year notes, a testament to the underlying strength of our credit.

Liquidity is an additional critical aspect of our financial strength. In February 2008 we took the precautionary measure of increasing the size of our liquidity facility from $550 million to $800 million and extended it to 2013. Just last month, we renegotiated the same facility to relax covenant restrictions in order to ensure full access to funds even under what we consider to be draconian eco- nomic stress scenarios. with $600 million of unutilized commercial paper capacity, $800 million of undrawn bank lines, more than $200 million of cash on hand and the $320 million inflow expected in May 2010 from our maturing stock purchase agreement, we have approximately $2 billion in excess near term liquidity. with only $200 million of long term debt maturing between now and year-end 2011, we are very well positioned. In fact, current sources of liquidity are equal to 2x all maturing long term obligations through 2012.
Taken as a whole, this financial strength and stability affords us the flexibility to avail ourselves of opportunities that may come our way as the industries in which we operate consolidate and weaker or less committed competitors inevitably retrench.
PortFolio PoSitioning and comPetitiveneSS
Although we never predicted the severity or protracted nature of the economic and housing market issues, we have been preparing for a cyclical downturn in residential construction for quite some time. Our purchase of Best Access Systems in november 2002, and sub- sequent sale of our residential entry door and home décor businesses in 2004 marked the beginnings of a methodical progression toward
a higher growth, more diversified revenue base with less dependence on Construction/ DIY (CDIY).
Since 2002, we have built our security business from $300 million in revenue to a $1.5 billion recession-resistant, highly profitable segment, representing 43% of Stanley’s 2008 total seg- ment profit.
We continued to diversify our business portfolio in 2008, acquiring 13 companies during the year, including two key security related acquisi- tions – Sonitrol and Général de Protection, with combined annual revenues of approximately $200 million. Today, over a quarter of our security revenue is contractually repetitive, also known as recurring monthly revenue (rMr). This, in tandem with our large installed base, adds stability. In addition, since virtually all of our security revenues are non-residential, we are less tied to the vagaries of consumer spending cycles. We have identified a number of effective ways to grow this business organically as well as through acquisitions. A continued focus on outstanding customer service together with product and service innovations give us confidence that we will continue to gain share within the large and attractive global security market.
Our industrial activities have expanded as well, and with the emergence of our global Industrial and Automotive repair growth platform, the industrial segment today repre- sents 29% of our revenues.
From 2002 to 2008, the CDIY business while growing organically, has decreased in relative
 3

    4
Don McIlnay
President Industrial Tools and Emerging Markets retired December 31, 2008
In his operating and sales management roles, Don McIlnay provided outstanding leadership to his teams at Stanley during his tenure which spanned almost a decade. His passion for the customer, boundless vision and dedication to the company has left a favorable and lasting impression on his colleagues at Stanley. We wish him the very best in his retirement.
size from 59% to 37% of total revenues. As the preeminent global manufacturer of hand tools with the leading brand, highly innovative products and ubiquitous global distribution, we are well positioned to gain share at a time when weaker franchises are under duress. CDIY, while a smaller portion of our overall company today, remains a vital part of our future and should enjoy a resumption of rapid revenue and profit growth when its end markets finally stabilize.
A very positive outcome of this overall portfolio transformation has been to reduce our con- centration with large U.S. retailers. Today, our largest customer represents only 6% of our revenue versus 22% in 2002. U.S. home centers and mass merchants, which accounted for 40% of our revenues in 2002, comprise only 13% of total revenue today. Another important benefit of the portfolio shift has been the geographic diversification of the company. whereas in 2002 less than 30% of our revenues were generated from outside the U.S., today nearly 45% of our business is of that nature. We remain underweight in Asia (only 5% of total revenues), but we are investing in that region and expect Asia to be a growth engine for Stanley in the coming years.
the Stanley FulFillment SyStem (SFS)
SFS is our proprietary management system and our entire organization lives it every day. SFS is a body of processes, systems and structure which creates customer value and accelerates operating performance improve- ments. The foundation of SFS centers on Transformational LeanTM, common platforms,
sales & operations planning (S&OP) and complexity reduction initiatives, producing benefits including shorter lead times, lower costs and inventories, service level improve- ments and employee safety benefits. we are utilizing lean, value stream mapping and other continuous improvement techniques to streamline operations and drive improvements throughout our supply chain. Our SFS initiative helped to mitigate the substantial impact of material and energy price inflation experienced in recent years and has been instrumental in the improvement in working capital turns from 4.5x in 2006 to 5.9x in 2008.

In 2009 and beyond, we plan to further leverage SFS to better serve our customers, enhance our cash flow and margins, as well as provide scalability to support our growth strategies.
a Future oF growth
Our long term growth strategy remains intact. We intend to continue to shift the portfolio away from CDIY and toward our growth platforms in electronic security, mechanical security and industrial and auto- motive tools, as well as intensify our growth initiatives in infrastructure, engineered healthcare storage and emerging markets.
however, priority one for 2009 is to protect our earnings base, cash flow and financial position and thus enable us to continue to deal from a position of strength. As the global economy is now in uncharted territory, we will continuously develop realistic perspec- tives on our end markets and stand ready to reduce our debt levels and cost structures accordingly without compromising future growth prospects. We have done that proac- tively in 2008 and in early 2009, and we will continue to do so as long as necessary. In the short term, our acquisition activity will be minimal unless an opportunity arises of suf- ficient strategic and financial attractiveness as to justify the partial use of equity in financing the transaction. That said, we anticipate that the next several years will be ripe with growth opportunities as our various industries undergo the unavoidable consolidation that will take place. We intend to participate in that consolidation and fully expect the Stanley of tomorrow to be an even bigger, stronger and more diverse company.
We also continue to be selective relative to the types of businesses we choose to operate – businesses where (1) brand matters, (2) there is a clearly defined customer value proposition which can be enhanced through continued innovation and (3) global cost lead- ership is achievable – these attributes have and will continue to allow us to generate above-average returns. we will be dispassionate in applying these criteria to our portfolio decisions and are committed to exit those activities which do not measure up or do not exhibit the requisite characteristics for long term growth and profitability.
    Donald Allan, Jr.
VP and Controller, named VP and Chief Financial Officer effective January 1, 2009
We welcome Don Allan as CFO. He has performed exceptionally well in key financial leadership positions at Stanley, including VP and Controller and Assistant Controller, since he joined in 1999. Don brings outstanding leadership capabilities along with a strong business acumen, extensive financial expertise and a wealth of experience to the position. Don has played and will continue to play an important role in ensuring the long term financial strength of the company.
5

Summary
we are a reality-based company, with a talented team of associates who have worked hard to position us for success and are ready and able to face the challenges ahead by operating with agility, courage and common sense. Now is a defining moment in our long and proud history; we have been in business for 166 years and have managed to thrive during the best of times and the worst of times.
As always, we remain focused on total shareholder return. 2008 marked the 132nd consecutive year we paid a dividend, a record that remains unmatched by any other industrial company on the New York Stock Exchange.
The balance of this report focuses on certain key elements of our strategy – examples of the successful execution of our diversification actions, new growth opportunities and tangible benefits resulting from our vari- ous SFS initiatives – as well as highlights of the company’s global environmental sustainability efforts. As you read on, we are sure you will note that Stanley’s products aren’t just to be found in your toolbox anymore.
  6
 John F. Lundgren
Chairman & CEO
James M. Loree
EVP and Chief Operating Officer
new Britain, CT March, 2009
John F. Lundgren
Chairman & CEO
James M. Loree
EVP and Chief Operating Officer
       