 
                                                                            TABLE OF CONTENTS
BUSINESS SECTION Letter to Shareowners page 1 The Scorecard page 5 Business Overview page 6
FINANCIAL SECTION
Management’s Discussion And Analysis of Financial Condition And Results of Operations page 33
Financial Statements page 50 Notes page 54
CORPORATE SECTION
Investor and Shareowner Information page 78 Board of Directors and
Executive Officers page 79
LONG-TERM FINANCIAL OBJECTIVES
Sales Growth
3-5% Organic Growth
8-12% Growth Including Acquisitions
Financial Performance
Mid-teens Percentage EPS Growth
Free Cash Flow Greater Than or Equal to Net Income ROCE In 12-15% Range
Dividend
Continued Growth
Credit Ratings
“Upper Tier” Investment Grade
                                                         FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
(MILLIONS OF DOLLARS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)
Closing market price per share
Total return (share price change plus dividends)
Net sales from continuing operations Operating income
from continuing operations Percent of sales
Net earnings from continuing operations Per share from continuing operations
Net earnings Per share
Return on capital employed
from continuing operations
Dividends per share
2006
2005
CHANGE
5%
22%
13% (100bp)
7% 9%
7% 9%
(130bp)
4%
    $ 50.29 7%
$ 4,019
$ 503 12.5%
$ 291 $ 3.47
$ 290 $ 3.46
13.5%
$ 48.04 1%
$ 3,285
$ 445 13.5%
$ 272 $ 3.18
$ 270 $ 3.16
14.8%
$ 1.18
$ 1.14
  
  164TH MANAGEMENT LETTER TO SHAREOWNERS
TO OUR SHAREOWNERS Over the past few years, we have stressed the importance of “moving forward” in an era of rapid change and ever-intensifying global competition. We believe that differentiated shareowner returns are achievable for companies which adhere to several simple principles involving growth.
First, business leaders must be willing to perform candid systematic evaluations of their portfolios and future prospects in order to make dispassionate and objective capital allocation decisions. Second, the company and business units must have clear roadmaps for intermediate and longer term growth, taking into account not only absolute growth but also expected returns on capital employed based on sustainable competitive advantage. Finally, the re- sulting programs must be executed in a disciplined manner.
To facilitate growth, we concentrate our market development activities in areas where we are able to: 1) offer customers strong and innovative value propositions that solve problems and exceed expectations; 2) leverage and benefit from our brand strength; and 3) achieve global cost competi- tiveness through the Stanley Fulfillment System (SFS). We are confident that we can sustain vitality
and earn above average financial returns by owning businesses for which these factors are achievable and encouraging our management teams to focus in these areas.
Diligence and focus on these principles has pro- duced excellent results in recent years. 2006 was the fourth consecutive year in which sales increased by a double-digit percentage and earnings per share from continuing operations has grown on average 38% annually since 2002. Return on Capital Em- ployed (ROCE) has improved 190bps during the same period even as we have invested an additional $2 billion of capital to grow the company. Three-year average total shareholder return was 14.4% versus the S&P 500 at 10.5%.
2006: YEAR IN REVIEW:
2006 was a year characterized by financial results consistent with our long-term objectives in spite of
2006 ANNUAL REPORT
1

a challenging external environment. It was also a year in which we made considerable progress mov- ing our strategies forward.
Revenues increased 22% to a record $4 billion. Earnings per diluted share from continuing opera- tions of $3.47 were up 9% and, excluding non-cash inventory step-up charges related to acquisitions, up 14%*. Free cash flow** (operating cash flow less capital investment) of $359 million was up 22%, rep- resenting 124% of net income. ROCE was a solid 13.5% despite the acquisitions of Facom Tools and National Hardware.
In 2006, we increased the dividend by 4% to $1.18, the 130th consecutive year a cash dividend has been paid and the 39th consecutive year in which it has been increased. 2006 total return to shareowners was 7%.
Our recent acquisitions of Facom Tools and National Hardware required considerable integration work to realize expected benefits. In Europe we developed and launched a comprehensive plan designed to ensure the competitiveness of our tool business. At the same time, our combined Stanley-National Hardware team pursued the transfer of production to lower cost countries and the consolidation of distribution activities in a common North American location. These endeavors included the elimination of redundant workforces and the closure of certain facilities, which the teams accomplished on sched- ule and on budget. We are pleased to say that acqui- sition integration is evolving into a core competency for The Stanley Works.
Continued focus on strengthening our core franchis- es led to the 2006 addition of Besco Corporation. In addition, we announced and, in early 2007, complet- ed the acquisition of HSM Electronic Protection Services, Inc., consistent with our commitment to the advancement of our Security growth platform.
* REFER TO PAGE 5 FOR RECONCILIATION OF THE 9% AND 14% MEASURES.
**REFER TO PAGE 33 OF MD&A FOR THE RECONCILIATION OF OPERATING CASH FLOW TO FREE CASH FLOW.
In our effort to move the Company forward, we have capitalized on strong free cash flows and our acqui- sition integration capabilities. Results have included: diversification and strengthening of our business portfolio; sustained growth in revenues, earnings, cash flows and average invested capital; returns on capital in excess of the cost of capital and, as a result, value creation for our shareowners.
MOVING FORWARD:
Recent years have been energizing and rewarding for our Company and its stakeholders, and the years ahead offer much promise and opportunity. Our portfolio is in excellent shape and, as we enter 2007, the strategic roadmap for profitable growth is clear.
In order to clearly convey our prospective growth strategies, as well as to communicate our progress executing them, we have recently undertaken a realignment of our business activities into three separate and distinct segments:
Construction & DIY Segment
HAND TOOLS AND STORAGE;
FASTENING SYSTEMS;
LASER MEASURING AND LEVELING TOOLS
Industrial Segment
INDUSTRIAL AND AUTOMOTIVE REPAIR TOOLS: Facom, Mac, Proto, Supply & Services
ENGINEERED SOLUTIONS:
Vidmar Storage, Hydraulics, Assembly
Security Segment
MECHANICAL ACCESS SOLUTIONS:
Best Mechanical, Automatic Doors, Hardware CONVERGENT SECURITY SOLUTIONS: Systems Integration, HSM Monitoring, Blick
The acquisition of HSM in January 2007 was the cat- alyst for the new segments. While the body of this annual report continues to be structured around the previously existing segments (Consumer Products, IndustrialTools and Security Solutions), we expect to convert to the new reporting structure effective with
THE STANLEY WORKS
2

reporting first quarter 2007 results. In this regard, we feel it is important to share some of the strate- gic dialog based on this new way of looking at Stanley. Each of these redefined segments has an important role in the future of our Company.
Construction & DIY (CDIY) CDIY, our largest seg- ment today, benefits from exceptional brand strength in both the flagship Stanley brand (hand tools and storage) and in Bostitch (pneumatic tools and fasten- ers). Segment profitability should benefit over time from healthy innovation and brand support levels, increasing momentum in key markets outside the U.S. and an extensive and carefully managed profit improvement initiative at Bostitch. We continue to broaden and deepen our retail partnerships by offer- ing the most innovative branded products, along with the highest value-added category management solu- tions. Our goal is to captivate the end user and col- laborate with channel partners to ensure that all of our products are where they need to be, when they need to be, and to ensure that end users are totally satisfied with the Stanley retail experience and, ultimately, product performance.
Industrial The “new look” Industrial segment com- prises a major growth platform in industrial and auto- motive tools and storage as well as a smaller group of businesses offering highly engineered and often customized tool and storage solutions. With the ad- dition of Facom Tools, The Stanley Works now holds a leading global position in the attractive industrial and automotive repair tools and storage market. This outstanding platform, with its three prominent brands – Facom, Mac and Proto – serves as an excel- lent base from which to expand into developing markets such as China, India, Eastern Europe and the Middle East.
Security Security has powered much of the compa- ny’s growth since 2002 and today we operate one of the most significant commercial security franchises in North America. Our Mechanical Access Solutions business enjoys excellent profitability and cash flow characteristics. Up to this point, its geographic ori-
entation has been primarily North American. Over the next several years, we expect to expand this growth platform through acquisitions in Europe and Asia.
The other major element of security, Convergent Security Solutions is an exciting growth engine for the future. The recent acquisition of HSM Electronic Protection Services, Inc. positions Stanley as the #1 commercial systems integrator in North America combined with the #2 commercial security monitor- ing company. Together, these franchises afford us the size, scale and product breadth to provide customers with a unique and powerful value proposition. We are intent upon making the strategic moves necessary to capitalize on the convergence of electronic security and IT network platforms. This business has enor- mous potential in the years ahead, as we have carved out an excellent position in a large North American market exhibiting near double-digit growth.
THE PORTFOLIO:
We remain committed to our strategy of methodical- ly reducing dependence on the lower multiple, more volatile North American CDIY market. Our vision is to continue to win in this marketplace with our retail customers while deploying our capital to expand our growth platforms in industrial and automotive repair tools, mechanical access solutions and convergent security solutions. Our growth prospects are excel- lent and we are focused on pursuing them while remaining disciplined with respect to our acquisition return criteria.
To the extent we are unable to find and execute acquisitions consistent with our strategy and return requirements, we remain open to repurchasing shares as opportunities arise. As an example, in 2006, we retired 4 million shares at an average cost of $50 per share. We also remain committed to the payment of a substantial cash dividend, and to increasing that dividend periodically. All of these considerations are made in the context of our intent to maintain our upper tier investment grade credit ratings.
2006 ANNUAL REPORT
3

CONCLUSION There has never been a more exciting time here at The Stanley Works. Our recent accomplishments have transformed our culture into one where profitable growth is a fundamental expectation rather than simply a desirable objective. Growth has brought with it many new opportunities for our people and they have stepped up to the chal- lenge. In the end, it is our Stanley associates on the front line that make our company great. They are delivering differentiated value propositions on a daily basis and are satisfying our customers. They are stamping out waste through Lean manufacturing and the Stanley Fulfillment System. They are integrating our acquisitions effectively. Finally, they are doing all of this with confidence and purpose that is energizing to behold. Our strategies are clear and focused and our people have never been more motivated and better prepared to elevate our company to new levels of
growth and success in the years ahead.
New Britain, CT March 2007
   John F. Lundgren
Chairman & CEO
James M. Loree
Executive Vice President & CFO
THE STANLEY WORKS
4
