2
Dear Fellow Stockholders:
In 2010, we continued to listen closely to our customers and focus on improving their shopping experience in nearly every way. We advanced our strategy of differentiating our offering by providing high quality products, great stores and legendary service, and achieved our objective of offering lower prices. Our efforts are paying off, resulting in a more innovative company with exceptional product offerings and more loyal customers—all of which we believe set a strong foundation from which to grow.
In 2010, total sales increased to $41.1 billion, compared with $40.9 billion in 2009. Excluding fuel, identical store sales decreased 2%. Throughout the year, consumers continued to closely monitor their spending. While deflation continued to impact pricing and sales overall, inflation returned in the second half of the year in key categories such as dairy, produce and meat, and is expected to continue in 2011.
Net income for 2010 was $589.8 million, equal to $1.55 per diluted share, compared with a net loss of $1,097.5 million, or $2.66 per diluted share, in 2009. Excluding the goodwill impairment charge of $1,818.2 million, net of tax ($4.40 per diluted share), net income would have been $720.7 million ($1.74 per diluted share) in 2009.1
We generated strong free cash flow of $1.1 billion1 in 2010, and returned $789 million to our shareholders through $621 million in stock repurchases and $168 million in dividends. At the same time, debt was reduced by $65 million.
Our Lifestyle store renovations are almost complete, with 85% of our 1,694 locations now transformed into Lifestyle stores. During the year, we opened or remodeled 74 of these stores to further enhance the Safeway shopping experience. One of the highlights was the grand reopening of our Georgetown replacement store in May. We doubled the size of the store, increased the product selection and established a unique shopping environment, much to the delight of local residents.
As part of an exceptional customer experience, we continue to develop and evolve a portfolio of innovative brands that consumers trust and enjoy. We relaunched our 14 beverage brands under the refresheTM label, and have seen a resurgence in sales. We also introduced The Snack ArtistTM snack and chip line with contemporary, resealable packaging and memorable headlines.
We remain committed to providing healthy living options for our customers. We added new products and new brands such as Open NatureTM to our Health and Wellness portfolio. The Open NatureTM line of natural products launched at the end of 2010 in a select number of stores, offering great-tasting, 100% natural food products with no artificial flavors or preservatives.
Pricing continues to drive consumer action and our value-driven Promise campaign resonated well with our customers. In addition, we introduced our just for UTM personalized pricing and digital couponing campaign in select markets, offering a wide array of special incentives customers can load directly onto their Club Card through our Web site.

 Our Blackhawk Network subsidiary continued its strong growth, due to productivity gains domestically and new partners internationally. In addition to the Gift Card MallTM, customizable e-gift cards are also available online.
The health and wellness of our employees is paramount at Safeway. Our programs have helped thousands of employees make positive changes toward a healthier lifestyle. We have begun to capitalize on the success of our incentive-based health plan through our Safeway Health subsidiary.
Just as we empower healthier employees, we continue to positively impact the communities we serve. Last year, the company raised or donated more than $200 million for various causes in cancer research, education, hunger relief, assistance for people with special needs and disaster relief.
We are encouraged by our progress over the past year and plan to harness this momentum to help Safeway drive success in 2011 and beyond. As the economy regains its footing, we are perfectly positioned to build our business and continue to distinguish Safeway as an exciting shopping destination and a rewarding investment opportunity.
Our loyal customers, hardworking employees and valued stockholders contribute to the strength and vitality of our company, and I’d like to thank each of you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
Steven A. Burd
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer February 28, 2011
 1Reconciliation tables follow the Annual Report on Form 10-K.
3
