  Letter to Shareholders
     Sensient Technologies Corporation maintained positive momentum during a challenging economic environment in 2009. Investments in technology, production and distribution position the Company to benefit in 2010.
2009 Results Total 2009 revenue was $1.20 billion, compared to record revenue of $1.25 billion in 2008. Cash flow from operating activities exceeded $138 million, the highest in the Company’s history. Net earnings were $86.6 million. In January 2010, Sensient announced a proposed settlement of environmental claims against the Company stemming from an acquisition that was made over 20 years ago. Charges for this settlement were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2009, resulting in diluted earnings per share for 2009 of $1.78. Without this charge, earnings per
share would have reached $1.92.
The Company demonstrated strength in key areas, but soft consumer demand kept revenues flat overall. Large customers also took a cautious approach to new product introductions, which affected revenues.
The difficult economic environment did not alter the execution of Sensient’s strategies. We remained focused on further strengthening our balance sheet. The Company’s total debt was reduced by $51.9 million, bringing our debt-to-capital ratio to 32%. Over the last six years, we have lowered outstanding debt by more than $227 million.
We have paid a dividend without interruption since public trading in the Company commenced in 1962. In 2009, we paid a quarterly dividend of 19 cents per share of common stock, amounting to 76 cents per share for the year.
Kenneth P. Manning
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Sustained Investment During a Difficult Economy
Historically, businesses have thrived in periods of economic recovery by continuing to invest in innova- tion during downturns. In 2009, we followed a disciplined program of investment in the most promising areas of our business. Unlike many companies, we did not lay off employees. In fact, we added sales and technical personnel to extend our geographic reach. By staying our strategic course, Sensient is particularly well positioned to succeed.
The Company’s investments focused on three areas— technology, production capabilities and distribution.
Developing New Technologies and Products
Sensient operates state-of-the-art labs and pilot plants at locations around the world. By maintaining R&D capabilities in North America, Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific, we can better serve signif- icant regional customers as well as multinationals.
The Company’s scientific and technical staff develop products for local consumption as well as new technol- ogies that have global potential. For instance, our R&D strengths enable us to respond rapidly to growing worldwide consumer demand for natural colors and flavors for food and beverage products.
At the same time, our R&D effort benefits from operating as a unified Company. Information-sharing among our businesses makes product development more efficient and speeds time to market.
Increasing Production Capabilities
Sensient continues to add new customers and build accounts with current customers by expanding our production capabilities. In Guangzhou, China, we opened a new facility in 2009 that includes offices, labs, warehouses and a manufacturing plant. This extensive operation produces color and flavor systems for food and beverages, fragrances and pharmaceuti- cal coatings, primarily for the Chinese marketplace.
The Company now has five locations in China. We expect China and Asia Pacific to play an increasingly important role in our growth going forward.
In 2009, Sensient also opened a facility in Alajuela, Costa Rica, which now serves as the base for the Company’s Central American and Caribbean opera- tions. We continue to expand production capabilities at established facilities as well. In St. Louis, we completed investments in pharmaceutical colors and coatings. We also added new production for flavor extracts in Indianapolis.
Extended Distribution System
Sensient has the ability to develop entirely new products, extend existing technologies and increase production to support specific applications. We are also expanding another essential element of our business: sales and distribution.
To reach new customers—and to demonstrate our long-term commitment to emerging markets— Sensient is building an extended distribution system. As part of this initiative, we have opened satellite locations in numerous cities, including Kristianstad, Sweden, Warsaw, Poland, and Bucharest, Romania.
These offices include sales and technical personnel who introduce local manufacturers to Sensient’s products, services and R&D capabilities. We continue to refine this already successful expansion model, which entails low risk and brings significant opportunities.
A Balanced Product Mix
Sensient has weathered the difficult economic environment in large part because we maintain a robust, balanced product mix. Systems for food and beverage manufacturing sustain and even increase sales during periods of recession as manufacturers
reformulate products and consumers purchase more ready-to-eat foods.
In 2009, customers increasingly turned to Sensient for advanced natural color and flavor technologies. Our line of Fusion Precise Natural ColorsTM provides highly stable, shade-specific colors derived from GMO-free raw materials. We are also expanding our line of high-performance extraction flavors, marketed under the Sensient Natural OriginsTM brand. These highly innovative natural food and beverage systems enhance our customers’ products and result in higher margins for Sensient.
We are adding to our product portfolio for non-food markets as well. We developed and are now introduc- ing a proprietary line of self-dispersing pigment-based inkjet inks for consumer and industrial applications. These color chemicals outperform competitor products on several measures. The foundation of this new chemical technology also has applications for our global cosmetics business.
New Opportunities in 2010 and Beyond
The combination of R&D, innovative products and strong leadership makes Sensient a resilient competi- tor in markets around the world. We will continue to increase sales with current customers as well as add new accounts. The Company’s operational and financial discipline will drive our immediate and long-term success.
I look forward to leading the Company through a period of continuing growth.
Sincerely,
Kenneth P. Manning
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 23
