                                                                                                                          letter to shareholders
 March 15, 2011
2010 was a record year for Sensient Technologies Corporation. We earned all-time record revenue of $1.33 billion, an increase of 10.6% over 2009. The Company’s net earnings reached $107.1 million, which is also an all-time high.
Kenneth P. Manning
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                           A Record Year
Sensient’s record financial performance in 2010 reflects our Company’s fundamental strengths: we have leading-edge products, worldwide reach, disciplined leadership and a strong balance sheet. All our Groups contributed to the Company’s growth, with the Color Group delivering double digit percentage revenue increases.
Sensient continued to execute our long-term strategic plan in 2010 without interruption. Our well-executed strategic initiatives position Sensient for sustained and robust growth as the global economy recovers.
Wall Street and the larger investment community took notice of Sensient’s strong performance. As of December 31, 2010, the Company’s market capitalization was $1.8 billion, which represents a 42% increase in value compared
to December 31, 2009.
On January 21, 2011, the Board of Directors announced an increase in the quarterly cash dividend on the Company’s common stock to
21 cents per share. We believe that shareholders should benefit
directly from our continued strong performance. Sensient’s dividend has risen more than 40% over the past five years.
Operating from a Position of Financial Strength
In 2010, Sensient reduced debt by more than $78 million, bringing total debt to $350 million. For
the first time since 1999, the Company’s total debt has been reduced below $400 million. Sensient’s total debt to total capital is now below 27%.
Sensient’s financial strength allowed us to make key invest- ments in advanced technology and facilities improvements in 2010. These investments are critical to future growth, and we will continue to make strategic capital investments moving forward.
Leading Products
for Global Markets
Sensient is a leading global developer, manufacturer and distributor of advanced color, flavor and fragrance systems
for manufacturers worldwide. Our products contribute to the success of thousands of consumer goods representing some of
the world’s best-known brands. Sensient’s value-added systems are found in food, beverages, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, inkjet inks and many other consumer and industrial products.
In recent years, Sensient has capitalized on the growing global market for natural colors and flavors. Developing high-perfor- mance natural products for large-scale industrial use is a challenging task requiring advanced scientific techniques. Today, no competitor’s offerings exceed the quality of Sensient’s natural color and flavor systems.
Sensient’s proprietary CO2 extraction capabilities produce natural flavor systems used by
a wide range of customers. Our emulsion and micro-emulsion technologies provide the foundation of advanced natural color systems used by manufac- turers of foods, beverages and cosmetics.
The Company also continues to achieve substantial growth in several non-food sectors with global markets. Our inkjet ink business benefited in 2010 from strong demand for our printing inks. Sensient’s inkjet technology
is also used by manufacturers of textiles and sports equipment.
Sensient continues to see growth and opportunity in the worldwide market for pharmaceutical colors and coatings. Sales of natural and synthetic systems for cosmetics are also increasing at a significant rate. We expect revenues from pharmaceutical and cosmetics systems to grow in both estab- lished markets and developing nations.
The Company’s product mix reflects the breadth and depth of Sensient’s technological capabilities. We maintain technical services, labs and pilot plants at locations around the world. Our R&D capabilities enable us to customize and extend key products, as well as to develop entirely new offerings.
Strategic Investments in Facilities
Sensient has made strategic capital investments at several facilities so that customers worldwide have greater access to our leading technologies and product development services.
In St. Louis, our investments will significantly increase
manufacturing capacity for pharmaceutical coatings and natural food colors. We also enhanced product development and manufacturing capabilities for savory flavors and extractions at our Indianapolis facility.
Sensient recently opened an extensive, state-of-the-art facility in Guangzhou, China. This location brings key Sensient technical operations, including aseptic processing and emulsion production, to one of the most dynamic markets in the world. We conduct business from five locations in China: Guangzhou, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Beijing and Qingdao.
Extending Sales to New Locations
For more than a decade, Sensient has been expanding our global presence. We are a highly regarded development partner and supplier among manufacturers in leading Euro- pean, Latin American and Asian markets. In 2010, more than 60% of our revenues came from sales outside the United States.
Sensient is now reaching key secondary markets through our
extended distribution system. We have added several new locations in Central Europe and Scandinavia.
Looking Forward
Sensient’s solid financial position, disciplined operations and leading technology-based products all contributed to
our success in 2010. We have continued to stay the course in a challenging economic environment.
The Company’s strategic initiatives, sound investments and geographic expansion position us to succeed. I am very optimistic about Sensient’s future opportunities.
Sincerely,
Kenneth P. Manning
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                   23
SENSIENT TECHNOLOGIES
 