letter to shareholders
 M i lwa u k e e , wisconsin
In 2005, Sensient Technologies Corporation took action to reposition the Company for higher sales and more cost-effective operations. Our outlook remains excellent.
2005 RESULTS
Total 2005 revenue was $1.024 billion. The Company achieved solid revenue growth in flavor and in food and beverage color product lines. Success in several markets was offset by higher raw material and energy costs.
As we contain these costs, we
will continue to focus on profit improvement as well as revenue growth. We have identified areas
of the business where our cost structure can be significantly reduced, and implemented a cost reduction program. We anticipate that cost reductions will save $10 million in 2006. Our strategy of cost reduction and price increases is aimed at improving earnings.
We are taking other actions to enhance shareholder value, including continuing our share repurchase program. We repur- chased 1.1 million shares of Sensient stock in the fourth quarter of 2005. These repurchases represent an
excellent investment for the Company and should result in higher returns to our stockholders.
ExPANDING SALES IN FOOD AND BEvERAGE
Sensient’s dedication to innovation in our traditional food and beverage businesses was rewarded in the marketplace in 2005. Sensient’s industry-leading extraction, savory and dehydrated flavor technologies differentiate our products in the marketplace. Traditional flavor sales in North America and Asia increased. Our food and beverage flavor and color revenue in
Latin America grew at a healthy pace in 2005. We added new customers in all geographic regions and now provide about 30,000 flavors worldwide.
Color Group profits this year were reduced by lower inkjet ink revenues and higher raw material costs. Nevertheless, profits from food and beverage color product
lines were up, reflecting a strong competitive position. The Company develops and markets the widest array of synthetic and natural food color systems available in the world. Our color chemists serve as important product development partners for both established and new customers. Sensient’s country- specific knowledge and technical expertise are providing opportuni- ties in the emerging markets of Central Europe, China and Latin America.
Sensient continues to benefit
from product breadth. Gains are expected from our 156 new product introductions in 2006. We provide efficiency and dependability as a unified Company operating under the well-respected and recognized Sensient brand.
GLOBAL PRODUCTS FOR GLOBAL MARKETS
In our industry, Sensient provides a unique combination of regional expertise and global range. We
–2–
    
operate from 70 facilities in 30 countries. More than half of our 2005 revenue came from sales outside the U.S.
Sensient’s local knowledge enables us to develop customized products for regional tastes. At the same time, the Company develops high- margin products that enjoy a growing international market. High-performance cosmetics formulations developed primarily at European and U.S. facilities can be found in consumer products in Latin America, China and Australia.
We are also marketing our lines of pharmaceutical colors and coatings all around the globe. Pharmaceuti- cals play an increasingly important role in health care, and Sensient’s business is expected to grow as a result. China recently updated its national standards for pharmaceu- tical manufacturing, and Sensient is well positioned to benefit in this market. In addition, we will seek to
extend our business in colors for printing on pharmaceuticals.
Cultural, technological and economic changes are creating new global opportunities for Sensient’s industrial colors, inkjet inks and specialty inks. Digital photography continues to replace traditional photography on a global scale, and Sensient provides inks for home and professional photographic printing. We also develop technical colors for a wide range of commer- cial and industrial applications. Sensient’s technical sophistication enables us to meet the growing demand for printing products that address environmental concerns.
OPPORTUNITIES ON THE HORIZON
The strength of Sensient’s operations is the result of substantial changes that we made in the direction of the Company, beginning about 10 years ago. We divested under-performing domestic operations and expanded into faster-growing, value-added
lines of business. I believe that the Company survives today because we had the foresight to exit businesses that offered little, if any, opportunity for growth. Our inter- national presence is also a hallmark of our transformation.
We plan to continue to grow the Company by maximizing our present strengths, including the production capacity of our state- of-the-art facilities.
I expect many opportunities for Sensient on the horizon. I look forward to a great future and continuing success for the Company.
Sincerely,
Kenneth P. Manning
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
kenneth p. manning
Chairman, President
and Chief Executive Officer
 –3–
    