  Letter to Shareholders
Kenneth P. Manning
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
Record Results in 2008
In 2008, Sensient’s total revenue reached an all-time high of $1.3 billion, an increase of 5.7% over 2007. The Company’s profit increase was also substantial. Net earnings were $90.9 million, a 16.8% increase over 2007. These results reflect the strong performance of all of Sen- sient’s operating Groups.
Sensient continued to strengthen the Company’s balance sheet in 2008 despite global economic challenges and the tightening of credit markets. In October 2008, we completed a new $105 million term loan agree- ment that will enable us to retire public debt that matures in 2009. This transaction reflects the confi- dence banks place in Sensient, based on our strong operating performance and balance sheet.
Since the beginning of 2004, we have reduced debt by more than $170 million. Sensient’s debt-to- capital ratio is now 37%. We expect debt to be lowered further in 2009.
The Company has paid an uninter- rupted dividend to shareholders since
public trading in our stock began in 1962. The Board of Directors strongly believes that Sensient investors should share directly in the results
of the Company’s performance. In response to the Company’s steady growth, on July 17, 2008, the Board announced an increase of the quarterly cash dividend paid on common stock to 19 cents per share. In the past six years, Sensient’s quarterly dividend has increased
by 43.4%.
A Strategy for Success
Sensient has recorded consistent earnings growth over the last 12 quarters. We began executing a long-term strategy for sustained growth more than a decade ago. The Company’s strong performance demonstrates the merit of this strategy. Sensient is now rewarding loyal shareholders who had the foresight to remain invested in the Company during our period of transformation.
Today, Sensient is a global business that current and potential customers recognize as a leading developer and
supplier of advanced color, flavor and fragrance systems. We have estab- lished a solid foundation for ongoing success by acquiring sophisticated technologies, developing new products and expanding into growing markets.
To complete the evolution of our Company, we unified 20 global acquisitions into a single corporate culture. The Sensient name has become a rallying point for employ- ees throughout the Company.
Expanding Technical and Production Capabilities
We benefit from decentralized profit centers that place R&D and produc- tion close to our markets. Sensient recognizes and rewards local initiative, which results in efficient operations and new growth.
Sensient’s scientific and technical personnel worldwide have strong educational backgrounds and extensive experience in refining and developing complex chemical systems and production processes. The Company maintains world-class expertise and R&D capabilities in
2

 2008 was a record year for revenue and profit at Sensient Technologies Corporation. The Company’s strong product mix, robust R&D program and global reach will continue to result in sustainable growth moving forward.
Sensient Technologies Corporation 2008 Annual Report
numerous fields, including extrac- tion, encapsulation and micro-emul- sion technology, pigment and dye production, flavor formulation, fragrance compounding and more.
We transfer our best new technolo- gies to multiple locations in order to expand production capabilities and better meet the needs of local customers. For instance, the Company’s Fusion line of natural colors was developed in Germany. This technology is now being transferred to other facilities around the world to serve customers seeking stable, high-performance natural colors for foods and beverages.
Driving Growth through Extended Distribution
Sensient develops a wide range
of exceptional specialty chemical systems that enable our customers’ products to excel in highly competi- tive markets. Product development, however, is only part of the equa- tion. We are also accelerating growth by building an extended distribution system.
Through this initiative, Sensient identifies and evaluates geographic markets that have the potential to provide significant new revenues. Once a location is selected for the extended distribution system, the Company establishes on-the-ground personnel who provide sales and technical support to local manufacturers.
This process represents an efficient way to develop new accounts and to provide the Company with a valuable local presence in new regions. As business expands, we add additional technical staff and even base-level production. In the last decade, Sensient has become highly profi- cient at incorporating new locations into our unified corporate culture. We continue to use this capability to enter and compete in new locations in several promising regions, including China and Eastern Europe.
Management and Leadership
Sensient’s performance requires that we maintain an exceptional work- force, strong management and the very best leadership. The Company’s executives provide needed direction
to local facilities and play a pivotal role in implementing our broader global strategy. From Sensient’s headquarters, we lead programs that enhance personnel, strengthen our corporate culture and expand the Company’s reach into new markets.
We will continue to monitor the impact of the broader economy on our business, but we foresee no need to modify our strategy or limit our expansion into new markets. Sensient has succeeded by consistently executing a disciplined strategy
for sustainable growth.
I am confident that we will continue to deliver strong results.
Sincerely,
Kenneth P. Manning
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 3
