                To Our Shareholders,
Charles Darwin said that it is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. This quote may be 150 years old, but it seems remarkably fitting at this time. Few of us could have fully envisioned many of the events that unfolded in 2008: a global economic melt- down, unprecedented commodity price increases followed by rapid decreases, similar effects in the global currency markets, the failure of centuries-old financial institutions, and further unprecedented bailout packages in country after country around the world—from the United States to Europe to Asia and South America. These events created enormous challenges for companies in all industries. We at Stryker were not immune, as many of our hospital customers and government payors around the world cut back on spending, especially capital purchases, late in the year. Combined with a heightened regulatory environment within the healthcare industry, the events of 2008 clearly brought a unique set of challenges to your Company as well, which resulted in a disappointing decline in our stock price during the year.
Nevertheless, we are pleased to report that revenue grew a very healthy 12%, and adjusted diluted net earnings per share from continuing operations were up 18%.

                 Net Sales from Continuing Operations
$ Millions
7,000 6,000 5,000 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000
0
00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08
Diluted EPS from Continuing Operations
$3.00 $2.50 $2.00 $1.50 $1.00 $0.50 $0.00
00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08
                  Adjusted Diluted EPS
from Continuing Operations*
Dividend History
$3.00 $2.50 $2.00 $1.50 $1.00 $0.50 $0.00
$0.50 $0.40 $0.30 $0.20 $0.10 $0.00
                  2
00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08
* Adjusted to exclude certain charges, including restructuring, intangible asset impairment, in-process research and development, income taxes on repatriation of foreign earnings and acquisition-related items.
00 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08
$0.04 $0.05
1,567% 20%
$0.06 $0.07
28% 34%
27% 21%
8% 13%
$0.09 $0.11
4%
44%
27% 29%
16% 21%
33% 20%
18% 15%
$0.22
$0.33
21%
27%
21%
12%
$0.40
17%
20%
17% 12%
18%

                  In a year where liquidity and cash flow were vital, our free cash flow grew a healthy 22%, and exceeded $1.0 billion for the first time ever. While our earnings growth fell short of the 20% we were aiming for at the start of the year, our sales and earnings performance still ranked at the very top despite these challenging times.
For perspective, we invested over $50 million more than budgeted in quality and compliance initiatives. Importantly, we could have delivered the original 20% goal by taking an action that many companies took in 2008—by eliminating the Company’s discretionary contribution to our 401(k) plans, which provide retirement benefits to our U.S. employ- ees. In an era where many big companies risk undermining employee loyalty for short-term gain, and at a time when the hard-working middle class in America is facing greater chal- lenges, we are confident this decision will pay off in the years ahead through the continued loyalty and hard work of our teams. While we certainly feel the pressures to deliver in the short term, we also continue to manage the Company for the long term, and hope you support us in this decision.
Our sales and earnings performance still ranked at the very top, and we achieved
our eighth straight year of double- digit revenue growth.
We are also very proud of achieving an eighth straight year of double-digit revenue growth. To put this accomplish- ment into perspective, it appears that only around a dozen companies in the Fortune 500 have achieved this goal for eight consecutive years—putting us in a very select group. Furthermore, we are one of only two manufacturing com- panies on this list, and the only healthcare manufacturer. In a period when many manufacturing industries face great challenges, we think this accomplishment reflects the hard work of our teams around the world.
   3

                 A Position of Strength
While we face both the internal hurdles mentioned above, as well as the external forces of the global economy and height- ened regulatory scrutiny, we are pleased to be able to tackle these matters from a position of strength. In these turbulent times, our financial position and our people have never been stronger.
In 2008, six of our eight main franchises achieved indus- try-leading growth rates, our best-ever performances across many businesses. Our commitment to globalization and innovation has been driving our knee, spine, trauma, CMF, instruments and medical franchises to industry-leading lev- els. And we are achieving this growth in different ways. For example, much of our growth in our spine, trauma and CMF franchises over the last few years occurred by strengthening our resources in the United States—where these franchises were historically weaker. Conversely, our important instru- ments and endoscopy franchises achieved significant growth outside the United States during this time, where these franchises have great upside opportunities. As we look to the future, we are pleased by our progress, yet also encour- aged that we have meaningful opportunities for continued expansion.
Our Evolution
As many of our long-term shareholders know, we have been a strong Company generating superior results over a long period of time. However, in recent years, our industry and our Company have been increasingly facing new challenges. In addition to new accounting regulations for all busi- nesses, the medical technology industry has also experienced enhanced scrutiny, as demonstrated by increased actions of government agencies in both the U.S. and abroad. In response, we have redirected numerous resources—people and financial—to address investigations by the Department
While we are involved in fiercely competitive markets with difficult challenges, we want to ensure that we deliver our numbers the right way.
of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission into our industry. We have spent a great deal of time on these matters and have made significant changes in how we do business as a result of our own heightened awareness in these areas. While we are involved in fiercely competitive markets with difficult challenges, we want to ensure that we deliver our numbers the right way.
As part of our own evolution, you have read over the last few years about the four imperatives driving our continued growth: globalization, innovation, people development and leveraging across divisions. We developed these imperatives to be long-term and enduring, to provide consistency and clarity to guide our evolution. Events of the past few years, however, also demonstrated a need for us to significantly dial up our commitment to compliance throughout the organization.
As a result of Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspections in 2006 and through 2007, we received three regulatory Warning Letters citing deficiencies in our quality systems, a clear signal that we could do better. In reflecting on the situation, two observations become apparent to us. Two of the tenets of our success—an intense focus on cus- tomer service levels and our decentralized structure—have resulted in different approaches to quality and compliance systems across different divisions. Now it is time for us to evolve in these areas. As with all of our evolutions, our goals are to retain the strengths we established while adapting to the new and energizing challenges.
   4

                We are now developing more robust systems to docu- ment, investigate and improve deficiencies, and to better manage an increasing number of external suppliers. The result will be a more consistent and harmonized approach to compliance systems across the Company. Simply put, this presents a big challenge for us and will require increased resources and investments, but will make us a much better company over time.
Our goal here is to ultimately exceed the FDA’s expecta- tions and become much stronger. While we would prefer to be in a different situation, you can be assured that our leader- ship team has fully embraced this challenge, and our teams in every plant around the world are attacking this challenge with tremendous Stryker “can do” spirit. We feel that we achieved significant progress in 2008, but we know that much work remains to achieve our goals. In the long run, we are confi- dent that taking these steps now will make us even stronger, as well as create efficiencies and cost-savings opportunities in the years ahead. Thus, today’s investments should yield future gross margin improvements through greater yields, reduced scrap rates and lower warranty expenses.
Taking steps now to ensure consistent compliance and quality assurance will make us even stron- ger, as well as create efficiencies and cost-saving opportunities in the years ahead.
Our Evolving Leadership Team
As we continue to grow, our leadership team also continues to evolve. As 2008 came to a close, we announced that Si Johnson and Dean Bergy, two outstanding members of the Stryker leadership team, would hand over their reins in 2009. All of our long-term shareholders recognize Si Johnson as the exceptional leader of our dynamic MedSurg businesses for roughly the last decade, delivering results that have con- sistently exceeded expectations. While those results have been visible to the outside world, Si has quietly built on the exceptional leadership development of his predecessor, Ron Elenbaas, and has been developing a cadre of outstanding leaders throughout his career.
While no single individual can fill Si’s shoes, we have been grooming a number of executives under Si’s mentorship for a significant period of time. In 2009, three of these execu- tives—Tim Scannell, Lonny Carpenter and Curt Hartman— assumed expanded leadership posts. Having three strong executives ready to take on greater responsibilities has given us several options we did not anticipate several years ago when we initially looked ahead to this inevitable moment. In a tes- timony to our management depth, these three executives are no rookies—as each has at least 18 years of experience with the Company, and all bring tremendous insight and perspec- tives to their new roles. Tim, who began his Stryker career in 1990 at our Endoscopy division and has most recently been president of our top-performing Spine division for the past five years, will now have responsibility for both Spine and Endoscopy. Lonny, who began in our Instruments division in 1989, has most recently been president of our fast-grow- ing Medical division and will now oversee both divisions. As you can see, these moves leverage experience and continuity while also providing new perspectives from executives who have been running our fastest-growing divisions.
    5
 Our Evolution
 Continue to develop leadership team from within
Adopt four imperatives:
• Globalization • People development
• Innovation • Leveraging across divisions
Industry-leading products
Retention of talented, committed employees
Gross margin improvement
Long-Term Results
     Enhance compliance and quality assurance systems

                Meanwhile, Curt Hartman, who joined Stryker in 1990 and has guided our exceptional Instruments division since 1999 following Si Johnson’s move to group president of MedSurg, will take over as CFO in April 2009 from Stryker veteran, Dean Bergy. In addition to being a very close busi- ness partner to me, Dean has ably guided our finance team over the last six years and is applying his usual dedication to assuring a smooth hand-off to Curt during these turbulent times.
While much attention has been focused on CEOs over the last few decades, Stryker is fortunate to have an experienced group of senior executives and leaders throughout the orga- nization with a deep understanding of our need to evolve, and tremendous pride and ownership in our Company. As we enter 2009, we know that the members of this team can challenge each other, including me, to become better every day. Together, we faced a number of difficulties in 2008, yet still delivered strong results—and we are inspired to con- tinue to make our Company even better in the years ahead.
Outlook
As I write this, 2009 is shaping up to be every bit as chal- lenging, if not more so, than 2008. Externally, it is sure to be a very difficult year for the global economy, and we are likely to see widespread layoffs at other companies and once- strong companies fighting for their survival. In the United States, the healthcare reform debate is likely to intensify, cre- ating both pressures and opportunities alike. We expect that many of our hospital customers will continue to hold back on capital expenditures, and the dramatic currency swings of late 2008 are likely to further depress sales and earnings for global companies in the first several quarters. Simply put, there is greater uncertainty entering 2009 than at any time in most of our business lives.
While the external environment will likely be tough, including a soft market for hospital capital expenditures, many of our franchises have solid underlying momentum, good new products and significant geographic expansion opportunities. Additionally, our own excellent cash posi- tion—combined with current valuations—is likely to create opportunities for us on the acquisition front. We have sig- nificantly increased the number of ideas we have evaluated in the last year, and this will be an area of even greater focus in 2009. Operationally, we are heavily resourcing our compli- ance activities, while applying more stringent cost and head- count controls in order to maintain and enhance our strong financial position. While the challenges and distractions may be at an all-time high, our team’s commitment and people are well prepared. At the end of the day, we still believe that talented teams with great, life-changing products will help us generate strong results in 2009 and beyond. While the short- term environment is a daunting one, we remain optimistic about the long-term growth of our Company.
Sincerely,
Stephen P. MacMillan
President and Chief Executive Officer
 6
