 KEVIN A. LOBO
President & Chief Executive Officer
LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT AND CEO
4%
Despite the challenging marketplace, we grew revenue to $8.7 billion in 2012, an increase of four percent.
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS
Since being named President and CEO on October 1, 2012,
I have had the pleasure of meeting thousands of employees across the Company and many of the customers that we serve. It has been a humbling and exhilarating experience to see the passion and excellence that our teams put forth in support of our customers to advance the health of patients. Our tradition of high performance continued in 2012, a year of significant achievements.
      RESULTS
With close customer relationships, a deeply rooted culture of ethics, and a bias for action, we continued our legacy of delivering solid financial results. Despite the challenging marketplace, we grew revenue to $8.7 billion in 2012, an increase of four percent, and our adjusted diluted net earnings per
share increased nine percent. Our robust balance sheet was further strengthened by 2012 operating cash flow of $1.7 billion, demonstrating our consistent ability to generate strong cash flow.
Most of our U.S. businesses accelerated in 2012, with particular strength in reconstructive, instruments and sustainability solutions. Internationally, we achieved strong double- digit growth in emerging markets and are
pleased with our neurovascular business, which also had double-digit growth.
Within our three segments — Reconstructive, MedSurg and Neurotechnology & Spine — we have a very diversified sales footprint with no single business in any segment representing more than 16 percent of total Stryker revenue. This diversity provides good balance for steady growth and enables us to pursue market opportunities in many promising areas.
Europe and capital equipment markets were challenging in 2012, and we had our own operational issues in Europe, which are being addressed by a significant transformation initiative. We expect this program to return our European business to market growth rates
 1

GLOBALIZATION
remains a significant opportunity for Stryker.
towards the end of 2013. In capital equipment, we are focused on driving innovation to capture market share, which will further benefit us
as market conditions improve.
As a strong and diversified medical technology company, we hold leading positions in the majority of our markets. Our efforts to drive innovation, globalization and cost optimization will ensure that we are well positioned to continue this leadership in the years ahead, and our balanced approach to capital allocation will fuel shareholder returns.
INNOVATION
Our relentless focus on innovation remains
a cornerstone of our success, driven by our enduring collaboration with hospitals and healthcare providers, which ensures that we fully understand their practice environment, treatment protocols and unmet needs. This enables us to continue to consistently develop and market a range of life-enhancing and life- saving products that drive improved outcomes as well as cost savings and efficiencies.
Very few companies can match our product breadth and depth, which allows us to
bring value to three key hospital service lines: orthopaedics, neurosciences and general surgery. We are also building upon our traditional product development strength by expanding our definition of innovation to include procedures and marketing techniques that improve the patient and customer experience. One example is our successful direct-to-consumer campaign for our GetAroundKnee System, which has helped to educate consumers about the advantages of our technology and generate above- market growth.
GLOBALIZATION
Globalization remains a significant opportunity, as U.S. sales represent about 65 percent of our total revenue. This percentage has remained fairly consistent over the last 10 years, and currently, only six percent of total company sales are in emerging markets. We are focused on accelerating international growth by:
» Leveraging our excellent existing product portfolio in the markets we serve
» Capturing market share in developed markets
» Building scale in emerging markets such as China and India, where Stryker has historically grown well over 20 percent per year
We are pleased with the benefits of our acquisitions, including our neurovascular business, which performed well globally in 2012, successfully integrated Concentric Medical and completed the acquisition of Surpass Medical. We are now positioned to be the Complete Stroke Care leader in a growing and dynamic market.
We are also poised for improved growth in emerging markets with our recently announced acquisition of Trauson Holdings, a leading player in the trauma and spine value segments in China. Trauson will not only broaden our presence in China, but provide a platform
for serving the value segment across other emerging market countries.
COST OPTIMIZATION
Meanwhile, our global quality and operations organization continues to drive improvements in our cost structure and asset utilization. We are in year one of an initiative to achieve
CONTINUED LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT AND CEO
   2 Stryker 2012 Annual Review

 THE BREADTH OF STRYKER
NEUROTECHNOLOGY
& SPINE
This segment includes spinal implants, neurovascular, NSE (neuro,
spine, and ear, nose & throat), craniomaxillofacial, and
other products such as
interventional spine.
7
MEDSURG
RECONSTRUCTIVE
This segment includes knees, hips, trauma & extremities, and other products such as foot & ankle, joint preservation (sports medicine) and orthobiologics & biosurgery.
            11 12
10 1
            9 8
     2
2
       6
5
3 4
      This segment includes
instruments (power tools &
surgical accessories and computer-
assisted surgery), endoscopy (minimally
invasive surgical solutions and integration
& connectivity), medical (patient care, patient
handling and emergency medical services equipment),
and sustainability solutions (reprocessing and remanufacturing).
      RECONSTRUCTIVE: 44% OVERALL
1. Knees: 16%
2. Hips: 14%
3. Trauma & Extremities: 11% 4. Other: 3%
5. Instruments: 15%
6. Endoscopy: 13%
7. Medical: 8%
8. Sustainability Solutions: 2%
9.
10. Neurovascular: 5%
11. Neuro, Spine & ENT: 3% 12. Craniomaxillofacial: 2%
MEDSURG: 38% OVERALL
NEUROTECHNOLOGY & SPINE: 18% OVERALL
Spinal Implants: 8%
3
 
  25%
With the announced
25 percent increase for 2013, our dividends paid per share will have increased at a compound annual growth rate of
38 percent since 2006.
$500 million in cumulative cost savings over five years by optimizing our network and supply chain.
This sweeping initiative started with an organizational change that centralized functions once directly managed by our divisions. This has progressed very well, and we are on track to meet our savings goals, which include an annual three to five percent reduction in our cost of goods sold. We are also expecting a working capital improvement of over $250 million, including a roughly 30-day improvement in our days of inventory on hand. In addition, we began implementing shared services initiatives to drive improved earnings leverage.
CAPITAL ALLOCATION
We are committed to a balanced capital allocation approach with acquisitions, dividends and share repurchases — in that order of priority. Acquisitions are first in line because our growth strategy continues to identify promising acquisition opportunities to improve shareholder value.
In 2012 we focused on integrating the companies we acquired in the previous two years, and continued to pursue many other acquisition opportunities. We will continue to follow a disciplined approach to acquisitions, with a focus on our core and adjacent markets.
We have also been consistently increasing
our dividend. With the announced 25 percent increase for 2013, our dividends paid per share will have increased at a compound annual growth rate of 38 percent since 2006.
Finally, following a relatively lighter year of share repurchases in 2012, we have significant
flexibility going forward with a repurchase authorization from our Board of Directors of $1 billion.
LOOKING AHEAD
In 2013 we expect sales growth of 3.0 to
5.5 percent, excluding acquisitions and foreign exchange, and an adjusted diluted net earnings per share increase of between 8 and 12 percent, excluding the new Medical Device Excise Tax (between four and eight percent, including the tax). In short, we expect another year of solid financial performance.
We are well positioned to continue to:
» Strengthen our presence and leadership in our markets around the world
» Grow through innovation, globalization and acquisitions
» Leverage our breadth and depth
» Deploy balanced capital allocation
These are exciting times for Stryker and the medical technology industry. It is an honor to be the President and CEO of this great Company, and I offer my sincerest thanks and appreciation to our Board of Directors, our leadership team and all of our employees around the world for their support, hard work and commitment. I am proud of their extraordinary efforts to keep our Company growing as we face the future with optimism.
Sincerely,
KEVIN A. LOBO
President & Chief Executive Officer
CONTINUED LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT AND CEO
    4 Stryker 2012 Annual Review

  WILLIAM U. PARFET
Non-Executive Chairman
LETTER FROM
THE NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS
  2012 was a great year
for Stryker. We chose a
new team leader, ended
the year with a solid,
more balanced fourth
quarter and, based
on our efforts in 2012,
we recently announced
a bold and exciting
acquisition of Trauson
Holdings, a major
value segment player
in China that will
greatly strengthen our
position in the
emerging markets.
How did we achieve all of this?
Our people. Stryker has always been recognized for its dedicated, hardworking, caring employees who, day after day, continuously improve the products that help caregivers and patients enjoy a better tomorrow. Teams also need leadership, and Stryker has been equally fortunate to have had strong, compassionate, knowledgeable andrespectedchiefexecutives.We
are delighted that Kevin Lobo will carry this tradition forward as our new President and CEO.
Kevin has a broad and diverse 25-year business career that includes executive positions in general management and finance, with extensive international experience. He knows the healthcare markets well, he is a decisive, clear thinker, and he is very engaged with our employees.
During the search process — directed by Louise Francesconi, a Board member and Chair of
our Governance and Nominating Committee — we evaluated Stryker’s opportunities and challenges, scoured the marketplace for potential external candidates, evaluated internal talent, and enthusiastically chose Kevin, who has been with Stryker long enough to know its inner workings and results-oriented culture, but has plenty of outside experience to bring fresh ideas to the table. Kevin is off to a great start, and the Board is confident that he will meet and exceed the high expectations our shareholders place on leadership.
The Stryker Board believes that companies that excel over many years spend lots of time on strategy — looking closely at how their industries will evolve and then charting a course in challenging waters that builds on their strengths to increase value. The Board also knows that a good strategy requires successful executives to plan and implement it.
Accordingly, the Board appreciated the opportunity to work closely with the management team as the company crafted an impressivegrowthplan—aplanthatrecognizes the need for innovative, cost-effective healthcare products, utilizes our keen knack for innovation and creative solutions, and builds on the
strong relationships we have established with caregivers. Everything we need is in place.
Before closing, I want to thank Curt Hartman, who served this company admirably for
23 years. With his vast operating experience and broad knowledge, he skillfully provided a smooth transition for Kevin, serving as interim CEO while remaining CFO from February 2012 until October 2012. We wish Curt all the best in the future.
Finally, let me acknowledge the incredible work of the Board this year on behalf of our shareholders. Corporate oversight of publicly traded, global companies is an exciting and challenging task. The line between oversight and managing is not always clearly defined, and can shift with changing circumstances.
Your Board clearly understands its role and never drifted from its implicit commitment to drive shareholder value, while balancing the needs of 22,000 terrific employees, the wonderful caregivers who use our products and services, our suppliers and, of course, all the patients who benefit from Stryker products.
We thank you, our shareholders, for the confidence and trust you place in all of us at Stryker as we work to drive value for your investment.
Sincerely,
WILLIAM U. PARFET
Non-Executive Chairman
  5
