2
stryker 2010 AnnuAl review
Dear Shareholders,
You can measure a company’s performance in countless ways. You can slice financial data into earnings, margins and cash flow, or you can track dividends and total shareholder returns.
As the chief executive of Stryker, I want to begin this letter by pointing you toward what I consider the single most crucial indicator of our success in 2010: our spirit. This incredibly intangible asset produced highly tangible results for you, our shareholders, this year.
The willingness of our people to embrace competitive, economic and organizational challenges was unprecedented, and they responded with the drive, energy and optimism that are the hallmarks—the backbone, really—of our company. Our employees have prepared us to perform
at a higher level in our industry, with our partners and customers, and especially for the thousands of patients whose bodies we repair and whose lives we improve. It is their work, along with the dedication and
direction from our leadership teams and
our Board of Directors, that made 2010 the culmination of years of planning and intense focus on achieving the next level for our organization.
Here are some of our most significant steps forward in 2010, none of which would have been achieved without the passion and determination of our over 20,000 Stryker employees:
- Amid a persistently fickle global economy that posed challenges to many medical technology companies, we delivered revenue and earnings growth at the high end of our expectations;
- Stryker’s financial strength, particularly our continued robust cash flow,
 
tHe neXt level
3
enabled us to take on multiple acquisitions in 2010 that advanced our growth strategy—most notably, the purchase of Boston Scientific’s Neurovascular business, which we completed in early 2011;
- Our unique combination of businesses continued to provide revenue stability and strong growth. While sales of Orthopaedic Implants grew for every major franchise, that growth was outpaced by the performance of our MedSurg businesses, which rebounded from a challenging 2009 and recorded 16% year-on-year sales growth;
- Our ongoing investment in the redesign and execution of our quality systems resulted in the lifting of the three remaining Warning Letters from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA);
- For the first time, we made FORTUNE magazine’s “100 Best Places to Work For” list, debuting at number 68, which is a true testament to the Stryker spirit and our great culture;
- And, despite the ongoing uncertainty in the global economic environment, we enter 2011 optimistic about our prospects for growth in every one of our global franchises.
DIVIDENDS PAID
($ PER SHARE OF COMMON STOCK)
In many ways, 2010 was a defining year
for us, the result of many years of planning and work by our Board, our leadership teams and our employees. It was a year where we accelerated our financial performance, delivered on our priorities in strategic areas of focus, and broadened our opportunities through acquisitions in new and adjacent growth platforms.
Accelerating our performance
Our financial performance in 2010 reflected our preparation and discipline. Our company generated net sales of $7.32 billion, an increase of 8.9% over 2009. This growth continued Stryker’s unbroken streak of year-on-year sales increases, and exemplified our ability to adapt to—and take advantage of—evolving marketplace and economic conditions. Adjusted diluted net earnings per share increased 13% to $3.33 in 2010, exceeding our early projections. But it was our ongoing focus on operational cash flow—which exceeded $1.5 billion for the first time—that fueled our progress this year. The availability of cash enabled us to take a number of important steps to reshape the company, diversify our offerings and enhance our competitive position.
CASH FLOW PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES
($ BILLIONS)
+8.9%
Our company generated net sales of $7.32 billion, an increase of 8.9% over 2009.
+20%
Shareholders saw a
20% increase in dividends paid in the year.
                 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10
’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09 ’10
0.07 0.09
0.11
0.22
0.56
0.83
0.33
0.50
0.87 1.03
1.18
1.46
1.55
0.60

4
stryker 2010 AnnuAl review
“As we continued our work to improve the
lives of patients and caregivers, we maintained our focus on five key strategic areas.”
This generation of cash from operations also directly benefitted our shareholders, who saw a 20% increase in dividends paid per share in the year. Our repurchase of 8.3 million shares at a cost of $426 million also strengthens the ownership stake of each of our shareholders.
Delivering on our priorities
Quality
The transformation of quality from
a compliance process to a long-term competitive advantage gained significant ground at Stryker this year. Where once
we had 23 different quality systems across 23 different manufacturing locations, we moved aggressively toward implementing a single process for quality across the company in order to better serve our customers around the world. This $200 million multi-year effort has added deep technical expertise, regulatory insight and individual ownership of specific quality processes. And rather than focusing on correcting deficiencies in our quality processes, our emphasis is on driving systemic improvements designed to create a world-class quality discipline throughout the company. Our quality work is far from done, and our intensity and focus will continue. But a clear indication of our progress in 2010 was the lifting of the three remaining FDA Warning Letters issued in 2007 and 2009.
$7.3B
As we continued our work to improve
the lives of patients and caregivers, we maintained our focus on five key strategic areas: 1) putting quality first in everything we do; 2) anticipating and satisfying our customers’ needs; 3) offering innovations that help our customers achieve their goals; 4) developing our people and making a real difference in their careers and lives; and 5) delivering to our shareholders the return on investment that they deserve. While focusing on customers’ needs and developing our people is at the core of
all our activities, our ability to constantly improve quality, drive innovation and manage costs were the three “levers” that drove our performance in 2010, for both the short term and the long haul.
HISTORY OF REVENUE GROWTH
($ BILLIONS)
7.0 6.0 5.0 4.0 3.0 2.0 1.0
                    0.0 ’79                                         ’10
 The year Stryker became a publicly traded company.

tHe neXt level
5
We feel encouraged by our speed in addressing the concerns raised in the Warning Letters and the progress and dialogue we’ve established with the FDA. Our goal is to become a benchmark for our industry that all of our customers and their patients can consistently rely on for world class products and services.
Innovation
We finished 2010 in a stronger position
to deliver innovation, both through
our internal investments in product development as well as the innovation pipelines we gained through acquisitions made during the year. Many of our core product franchises—hips, knees, trauma, spine, surgical equipment and navigation systems, endoscopic and communications systems, and patient handling and emergency medical equipment—delivered new technologies in 2010. Our technologies and processes produced 108 new U.S. patents in 2010, which indicates the vitality of our research and development streams. As we continue to expand our role in the lives of caregivers and patients and in
the operations of healthcare networks, we expect to make larger investments in innovation that will help us continue our exceptional track record of growth as we become an even stronger global leader in the medical technology industry.
Costs
The global economic environment continues to put the healthcare industry under considerable pressure to control costs. In response, we have concentrated
on managing our own business more efficiently. In the last year, we’ve taken steps to coordinate key functions within the company, such as quality, procurement, distribution, manufacturing, logistics, financial systems, human resources and information technology—areas where scale, integration and consistency can deliver tremendous operational and financial advantages.
Stronger coordination drives operational efficiencies. At the same time, it frees our individual, entrepreneurial businesses and their leaders to focus their market-specific expertise on product innovation, customer relationships and top-line growth. We expect our increase in internal coordination to not only increase the consistency of
our own practices and the effectiveness of our systems, but, as a result, become even more effective at collaborating with customers and delivering products and solutions that make them more efficient.
ADJUSTED EARNINGS GROWTH
($ PER SHARE)
3.00
2.00
1.00
DISCIPLINED QUALITY
An ongoing $200 million effort in quality assurance is building on the quality approach we’ve taken for the past several years and adds deep technical expertise, regulatory insight and individual ownership of specific quality processes.
DIVERSIFIED OPTIONS
As we continue to expand
our role in the lives of caregivers and patients and
in the operations of healthcare networks, we expect to
make larger investments in innovation that will help us evolve toward a more diversified medical technology company.
Adjusted to exclude certain charges and gains, including property, plant and equipment impairment, gain on sale of property, plant and equipment, patent litigation, restructurings, intangible asset impairment, in-process research and development, income taxes on repatriation
of foreign earnings, acquisition-related items and discontinued operations.
        0
’04 ’05
’06 ’07
’08 ’09 ’10
 1.37 1.65
2.00
2.40
2.83 2.95
3.33

6
stryker 2010 AnnuAl review
“The acceptance of change and the opportunity
to reinvent ourselves is both a great challenge and a great growth experience for Stryker.”
Broadening our opportunities
From December 31, 2009, when we completed our acquisition of Ascent Healthcare Solutions, to January 3, 2011, when we completed the acquisition of the assets of Boston Scientific’s Neurovascular division, Stryker initiated or closed five significant acquisitions. That’s a lot of work in 368 days, but they represent a big opportunity going forward.
We intend to be a significant competitor
in every market where we compete.
The acquisition of Boston Scientific’s Neurovascular business is a significant part of a long-term strategy to make a bigger impact in the healthcare arena and greatly expand our footprint in a highly innovative, high-growth space—moving us from a
solid player to the leader in neurovascular. The acquisition is projected to add over $300 million in annual revenue to our existing $320 million neurotechnology business.
But more important, it creates a continuum of capability that extends from skull and facial reconstruction procedures and spinal surgeries to stents, coils and other medical technologies used to treat aneurysms and cerebrovascular disease.
Together, we believe these capabilities give us an offering that addresses more of the human body—and better positions us across this valuable market.
Greater clinical reach and relevance
were also behind our Ascent acquisition. Ascent’s strengths in reprocessing and remanufacturing medical devices are enhancing Stryker’s relationships with hospital management and operations.
Our remaining 2010 acquisitions, Gaymar Industries, the MEDPOR assets of Porex Surgical, Inc. and the Sonopet Ultrasonic Aspirator, fit our existing expertise
and capabilities, but add key strengths. Gaymar, a supplier of high-performance support surfaces for hospital beds, gives
us solutions for alleviating bed sores and managing patients’ body temperature; MEDPOR products are implantable porous polyethylene products that are used in reconstructive surgery of the face, eye
and head and expand our presence in the craniomaxillofacial (CMF) market; and
the Sonopet Ultrasonic Aspirator is used for soft tissue and fine bone dissection in neurosurgery. Together, these acquisitions extend our core offerings into adjacent markets where we have a presence and knowledge base, and give us a broader product offering to patients and clinicians.
DIVERSIFIED SALES BASE
MedSurg eQuIPMeNT:
41%
1. Surgical Equipment & Surgical Navigation Systems: 18%
2. Endoscopic and Communications Systems: 13%
3. Patient Handling and Emergency Medical Equipment: 8%
4. Other: 2%
1
9
OrTHOPAedIC IMPlANTS:
59%
5. Hips: 16%
6. Knees: 18% 7. Trauma: 11% 8. Spine: 8%
9. Other: 6%
 2
3
8
7
456

tHe neXt level
7
the next level
The global healthcare market continues to evolve—transforming under the forces of regulation, cost pressures and patient demand. At Stryker, we intend to lead that evolution. To do that, we need to compete and perform at the next level—for our colleagues, for our investors and, most importantly, for our healthcare providers and their patients.
Increasingly, we see a shift in purchasing decisions from individual physicians
and physician groups to larger provider networks, administrators and executives, all of whom prioritize cost improvement alongside effective patient outcomes.
With the advances in efficiency we have made, coupled with our innovation and longstanding role in caregivers’ lives, we believe that we’re in an ideal position to become the provider of choice and a source of broad healthcare solutions.
Bringing solutions like lean technology, systems thinking and consulting to hospitals and physicians requires our businesses to think more broadly across our product lines and function more collaboratively across our separate sales organizations. So over
the coming years, we will be coordinating our offerings company-wide to provide customers a more streamlined experience.
of the Executive Committee of UCB S.A.,
a global biopharmaceutical company based in Belgium. As a globally minded healthcare executive with a strong focus on patients and innovation, his experiences across
the global healthcare landscape will be invaluable.
Allan has served since 2006 as President, United States Program, for the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and is a director for Malt-O-Meal, a privately held breakfast cereal corporation. He previously served
as the Chief Financial and Administrative Officer for the Gates Foundation and Director, Finance for Swedish Health Services in Seattle, Washington. We expect to benefit from Allan’s experience as a hospital finance executive, as well as his role at the Gates Foundation. I’m thankful to the Board and to our employees for their contributions in 2010 and toward our future.
It’s an understatement to say that 2010
was an eventful year for Stryker. It was a transforming year. A year ago at this time, we wrote that we were ready to play offense again. Today, we’re proud to be putting some points on the board. The Stryker spirit is alive and well, and we’re growing, investing wisely in our future and delivering results. And we believe we’re ready for the next level.
Sincerely,
Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
WELCOME TO THE BOARD
Dr. Roch Doliveux is
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Executive Committee of UCB S.A.,
a global biopharmaceutical company.
Allan Golston has served
since 2006 as President, United States Program, for
the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and is a director for Malt-O-Meal, a privately held breakfast cereal corporation.
The acceptance of change and the opportunity to reinvent ourselves is
both a great challenge and a great growth experience for Stryker. To give us the
broad perspective and insights we desire
to achieve the next level of performance, we expanded the size of our Board of Directors and elected two new directors in 2010:
Dr. Roch Doliveux and Allan Golston. Roch is Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
 