  LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT AND CEO
KEVIN A. LOBO
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS
After completing my first full year as CEO, I am excited about our Company’s achievements and the progress we have made in strengthening our leadership in the medical technology industry. As you read through this review, I believe you will agree that Stryker is well positioned for the future.
In 2013, we met our primary objectives—achieved strong top- line growth, delivered solid operational earnings, expanded globally, and invested through R&D and acquisitions to strengthen our product and service offerings.
FOCUS ON GROWTH
In 2013, our organic growth (excluding acquisitions and foreign exchange) of 5% was at the high end of medical technology, including double-digit growth in many businesses, a successful turnaround in Europe, and rapid growth in emerging markets.
Trauma & Extremities, Neurotechnology, Endoscopy, and our Hip business all had strong above-market growth in the year.
In Europe, which remains a challenging market, our turnaround occurred ahead of schedule as we returned to market growth by the middle of the year. We will also be establishing a European headquarters in Amsterdam in 2014 to strengthen our foundation for future growth.
We had very strong double-digit gains in Emerging Markets, led by China, with excellent results in both the premium and value segments of the market. Emerging markets grew from 6% of total Company sales in 2012 to over 7% of sales in 2013, and we
expect this trend to continue, given the significant opportunity in these markets.
We completed two strategic acquisitions, Trauson Holdings Company Limited and MAKO Surgical Corp., which provide exciting growth prospects for years to come. Trauson, our first acquisition
1
  $9.0B
NET SALES; 5% ORGANIC SALES GROWTH
in China, which was completed in March, enables us to compete in the lower-priced segment of the growing orthopaedic market in China and other markets. The integration has proceeded smoothly and we are delighted to be on track with our expectations.
In late December 2013, we closed the acquisition of MAKO, which provides us with a robotic arm assisted platform for reconstructive surgery. It holds the promise to deliver consistent, reproducible procedures that will enhance the surgeon and patient experience. We view this as a unique opportunity to transform orthopaedic surgery over time, including new implant designs enabled by robotics.
  
  2
TOGETHER WITH OUR CUSTOMERS, WE ARE DRIVEN TO MAKE
HEALTHCARE BETTER
Also in December 2013, we announced our intent to acquire
Patient Safety Technologies, Inc., whose proprietary software helps 15% prevent retained foreign objects in patients while in the operating
room, thereby improving patient safety and reducing healthcare
costs. This acquisition will fold into the Instruments division and
will complement existing technologies and solutions that improve
caregiver and patient safety.
LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT AND CEO
   Additionally, we continued to strengthen our quality program, with successful results from regulatory inspections, and we received 510(k) FDA clearance to market a modified Neptune 2 Waste Management System, which is an important product to our customers as it reduces harmful exposure to fluids and smoke in the operating room.
STRONG FINANCIAL RESULTS
We delivered consistent results throughout 2013, with net sales reaching $9 billion, a 4.2% increase, and our adjusted diluted
net EPS was $4.23 per share, a 3.9% increase. Both net sales and adjusted diluted net EPS were impacted by foreign exchange; earnings were also negatively affected by the U.S. Medical Device Excise Tax. Adjusting for these items, adjusted diluted net EPS improved by double digits, showing strong operational leverage.
We also continued to generate healthy operational cash flow, up 14% vs. 2012, which contributed to cash equivalents and marketable
securities exceeding debt by $1.2 billion at the end of the year. This balance sheet strength enabled us to complete acquisitions,
announce an increase in our dividend per share of 15% for the January 2014 payment, and repurchase $317 million of shares during the year.
INCREASE IN OUR DIVIDEND
ORGANIZATIONAL STRENGTH
One key reason for our success is the decentralized manner in which we operate our businesses. Division presidents have direct responsibility for Sales, Marketing, R&D and Business Development. They are laser-focused on their customers’ needs, and their teams’ entrepreneurial spirit drives sustained, high growth. Specialized sales forces, with drive and passion, continue to be a core strength at Stryker.
We also have a high-performing Global Quality and Operations organization that is on track with our program to save
$500 million in cumulative costs through network and supply chain improvements. This includes a newly created distribution
center in Indianapolis, Indiana, and efficiencies through our Venlo, Netherlands, distribution center. Our goal is to continue to deliver year-over-year favorable reductions in cost of goods
sold, working capital improvements of $250 million, and a 30-day improvement in days of inventory on hand. In 2013, despite pricing pressure, our adjusted gross margin expanded by 30 basis points, excluding the impact of the Medical Device Excise Tax.
During the year, we fully staffed the Stryker Executive Leadership Team, a talented group of individuals with deep healthcare experience and a diversity of backgrounds and styles. We
 STRYKER 2013 ANNUAL REVIEW

  established a new mission statement for the Company: Together with our customers, we are driven to make healthcare better. This mission is being rolled out across the Company and recognizes our commitment to close customer connections, our unique performance-driven culture, and our sense of purpose in improving healthcare. We also chose to be explicit about our values: Integrity, Accountability, People, and Performance. These values are hallmarks of Stryker’s culture and will remain in place regardless of how we evolve to meet the changing landscape.
BRIGHT FUTURE
These are exciting times for Stryker and our industry, and we plan to deliver another solid financial performance in 2014.
We expect organic sales growth to be in the range of 4.5% to 6.0%, once again at the high end of medical technology. If foreign currency exchange rates hold near current levels, we expect a less than 1% negative impact on net sales. Regarding earnings, we will exclude amortization of intangible assets from our adjusted diluted net earnings per share, which we expect to be in the range of $4.75 to $4.90, using this new measure. This represents a 6%
to 9% improvement over 2013, which is solid operational leverage, considering that foreign exchange will continue to weigh on earnings, especially in the first half of the year.
As we close out a productive year and look confidently to the future, I want to take a moment to thank our Non-Executive Chairman Bill Parfet and our Board of Directors for their support and guidance regarding our growth agenda. I also want to express my appreciation to Director Howard Lance, who will be retiring from the Board after four years of service, and officially welcome our newest Director, Andy Silvernail, CEO of IDEX Corporation.
3
100 BEST
COMPANIES TO WORK FOR BY FORTUNE MAGAZINE
I also want to express my gratitude to our more than 25,000 employees around the world, who inspire me every day with their hard work, creativity and initiative. We continue to receive many accolades for employee engagement, including Fortune magazine’s designation, for the fourth consecutive year, that Stryker is one
of the 100 Best Companies to Work For in the U.S. As I travel
the world and see our progress, it is clear to me that we are well positioned for the future.
Sincerely,
KEVIN A. LOBO
President & Chief Executive Officer
  NAMED ONE OF THE
        