To Our Shareholders:
In 2004, Stryker delivered the excellent performance that has made us a leader in the global medical products and services industry. Our net sales totaled $4,262 million, an 18 percent increase over 2003. Excluding the $121 million charge resulting from our acquisition of SpineCore, Inc., adjusted net earnings for the year grew 29 percent, to $587 million, and adjusted diluted net earnings per share rose by the same percentage, to $1.43.
Stryker’s achievements in 2004 set the stage for positive long-term results. The future looks promising because of our broad range of leading products and investments that will yield major benefits during the sec- ond half of the decade. This year, as we celebrated Stryker’s 25th anniversary as a public company, we reflected on our accomplishments over the last quarter-century as Stryker has grown into a diversified, top-echelon business that serves medical needs throughout the world. Now we must continue to drive innovation and exercise operational discipline to extend our leadership.
A position of financial strength
Operationally, 2004 was an exceptional year. In the second quarter, we fully retired the debt from our land- mark acquisition of Howmedica in 1998. We now have the freedom and flexibility to make disciplined and strategic acquisitions as the right opportunities present themselves. During the third quarter, we demon- strated this capability by acquiring SpineCore, Inc., which is developing artificial discs for use in both the lumbar and cervical spine. SpineCore is not only a strategic investment, providing entry into an emerging segment of the spine market, but it is also a highly prudent one. Even with the investment in SpineCore, we completed the year virtually debt-free. Twenty percent annual growth in earnings per share continues to be a bedrock commitment for Stryker, and we are positioned once again to deliver our gold standard of profit growth in 2005.
The innovation imperative
Company-wide, Stryker is intently focused on innovation. Central to this effort is paying close attention to the needs of customers—surgeons, hospitals and patients—including those who have not yet chosen Stryker. As important as strategic acquisitions are in bringing breakthrough products to market, Stryker also places great emphasis on reinvesting in our own research and development programs. In doing so, we build on the best ideas and capture the full value for growth and continued reinvestment.
Strongly positioned in a robust marketplace
The marketplace we serve is broad and robust, fueled by both demographics and medical advances. The worldwide orthopaedic market reached nearly $22 billion in 2004, a 15 percent increase over 2003, with con- tinued growth ahead. Stryker competes in the top tier of all the major segments of this market around the globe. We have an equally strong presence and dramatic rates of growth in our other medical and surgical markets. We are continually excited and challenged by the opportunities our marketplace offers, and we are confident that we will continue to win the right way, through fair and honest dealings. Stryker will expand and excel by serving the mounting demand for our uncommonly wide range of innovative, high-quality prod- ucts and services throughout the world.
3

Capitalizing on unique competitive advantages
Stryker is well known for our decentralized structure, which is one of the main sources of our success. In addi- tion, where it makes sense, Stryker increasingly draws on the strength of our entire enterprise, presenting comprehensive solutions as one seamless company. For example, we have the ability to provide world-class orthopaedic implants, powered surgical instruments, integrated operating suites and patient handling equip- ment to a health-care institution or system—all backed by our unparalleled management experience in an environment of accountability, metrics and financial controls.
In 2004, we consummated a number of multidivision, “one Stryker” partnership agreements. At the University of Michigan’s C.S. Mott Children’s Hospital, five of our divisions joined together to provide solu- tions to one of the nation’s leading pediatric institutions. In Chicago, we helped Northwestern Memorial Hospital, a preeminent academic medical center, to standardize and leverage its partnership with Stryker in order to produce long-term cost savings. Such agreements benefit both partners. Our customers gain access to Stryker’s broad line-up of products and expertise, flexibly tailored to meet their particular needs. Stryker benefits from having leading partners and opportunities to expand business through an awareness of research that may point the way to new products.
At this moment of transition
At the end of 2004, we took another step in our ongoing leadership transition as we passed the chief execu- tive title and day-to-day leadership of the Company from John to Steve, while John continues as Stryker’s nonexecutive Chairman. At this time, the Company is not only strong, but it is infused with vitality and cre- ativity. It also has exceptionally talented leadership. Our Group Presidents—Si Johnson, Jamie Kemler and Ron Lawson—provide clear, well-focused direction in the areas they manage. Our 14 divisions have capable, experienced managers in all key positions.
We are confident about our transition because we are confident about Stryker—our people, our commit- ment and our values. Since Dr. Homer Stryker founded the Company with innovative ideas for helping patients recover faster and better, Stryker has been intent on delivering exceptional results. Because of that commitment and the unique Stryker culture that surrounds it, we have been able to grow into a global, diver- sified leader in medical products and services. While the years ahead will bring new challenges and opportu- nities, we know that Stryker will be ready.
Sincerely,
John W. Brown Stephen P. MacMillan
Chairman President and Chief Executive Officer
  4
