To Our Shareholders:
During the past year, Stryker strengthened its position as a worldwide leader in orthopaedics. In 2003, we increased our standing in medical markets around the world, particularly Europe and Japan. We drove inno- vation by developing new products and bringing them to market. Drawing on exceptional talent, we made confident strides in our ongoing transition in leadership. By focusing on the Company’s capabilities and results, we increased awareness of the Stryker name. Finally, we delivered excellent financial results.
The Company achieved strong sales in 2003, ending the year with net sales of $3,625 million, an increase of 20 percent over 2002. Net earnings increased 31 percent, to $454 million. Diluted earnings per share were $2.23 versus $1.70 in the prior year, an increase of 31 percent. Cash flow from operations was strong again in 2003, ending the year at $649 million.
Meeting the Challenge of Leadership Transition
Succession in leadership is a major test for companies. With our transition well underway, we are confident that our approach will ensure success. By identifying the right people, communicating clearly and taking grad- ual steps, Stryker is proceeding smoothly on succession matters. Commitment and cooperation are at high levels, and the Company has never been better positioned for growth.
In the spring of 2003, it was my great pleasure to announce the appointment of Stephen P. MacMillan as Stryker’s new President and Chief Operating Officer. Steve is an outstanding individual with a great record of leadership at Pharmacia Corporation and Johnson & Johnson, and with significant experience in global business. Since joining Stryker on June 1, Steve has had direct responsibility for our operating groups and has spearheaded our new communication and marketing initiatives.
My confidence that Steve MacMillan is the right person to succeed me in leading Stryker was high when he was appointed, and it has grown higher as we have worked together. Since his first day on the job, Steve has thrown himself into his new role. In 2004, he and I will work closely together in guiding the Company as the transition progresses. I fully expect that in 2005, Steve will assume the major responsibility for the Company’s leadership.
Other aspects of our transition are also proceeding smoothly. In early 2003, Dean Bergy took the Chief Financial Officer reins from Dave Simpson, who continues to advise me and the Company as Executive Vice President. I commend Dean on his achievements in his new position.
In the fall, we announced other management changes. To accelerate our spine business, we have appointed Stryker veteran Tim Scannell as Vice President and General Manager of that division. Over his 13 years with the Company, Tim has performed extremely well at Endoscopy and, more recently, at Biotech, where he led the initial commercialization of OP-1. Jamie Kemler, Group President of Biotech, Spine, Trauma, has ably stepped into the interim leadership of Biotech.
2

As of January 2004, Ned Lipes assumed the role of Executive Vice President. Over the last 16 years, Ned has led our reconstructive business and made major contributions to our current position in orthopaedics. He is now advising the Company on new product and technology developments for reconstructive implants, counseling on business development and helping maintain our close relationships with key surgeons.
With the change in Ned’s role, we decided on two other strategic changes to best position our reconstructive business for the future. We expanded the responsibilities of Group President Ron Lawson to include Orthopaedics along with his leadership of our International group. With his long tenure in the orthopaedics industry, Ron has developed deep knowledge and relationships in the U.S. marketplace, and the transition is proceeding well. We also promoted Jeff Paulsen from Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Orthopaedics to President of the division. Jeff played a key role in the integration of Howmedica and the restructuring of Orthopaedics’ man- ufacturing operations, including the orderly phase-out of production at the plant in Rutherford, New Jersey.
As these changes take effect, we extend our deep thanks to each of the talented individuals cited above; to Si Johnson, Group President of MedSurg; to Jason Blackwood, President of our service business, Physiotherapy Associates; and to each of their teams. Thanks are also due to the other Company and divi- sion leaders, and to all of Stryker’s 15,000 employees around the world.
Achievements and Directions in 2003
Early in the year, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration granted Stryker marketing approval for our Trident ceramic-on-ceramic hip. This revolutionary product has been helping patients elsewhere in the world, and its enthusiastic reception in the United States demonstrates the potential this innovation holds for the U.S. market.
In September, legendary golfer Jack Nicklaus, who received a Stryker ceramic-on-ceramic hip implant in 1999 as part of a clinical trial, became the spokesperson for our new patient education program. This cam- paign and related initiatives testify to the Company’s commitment to providing objective, useful information to people investigating orthopaedic options for themselves or family members.
Minimally invasive techniques for reconstructive joint replacement are of great interest to surgeons and their patients, and Stryker is making substantial progress in supporting this surgical preference with respon- sible science. Following a multicenter clinical study, in 2003 we introduced the Scorpio Total Knee Minimally Invasive Instrumentation, a new line of instruments to complement the minimally invasive knee replacement technique developed by Peter Bonutti, m.d., using our Scorpio knee implant. We have also invested signifi- cant resources to create best-in-class instruments for minimally invasive total hip replacement. We continue to make advances in image-guided joint replacement surgery, another less invasive approach. We have launched the second generation of our knee navigation software and are developing our initial hip naviga- tion platform.
3

We are pleased with the progress we have made in our Leibinger Micro Implants division. With the com- pletion of the Universal Fixation System in 2003 and other innovations underway, we expect micro implants for craniomaxillofacial surgery to become a growth area for Stryker in the near future.
In recent years, Stryker has made global product development a priority so that we can more effectively serve regional needs and preferences around the world. In 2003, we saw the fruits of that approach in our international sales. We had strong results in Europe, with an exceptionally robust performance in the United Kingdom.
Leadership in Orthopaedics
Stryker consistently delivers excellent results as measured by patient outcomes, physician and hospital satis- faction and loyalty, and financial returns to our shareholders. Ultimately, these results stem from the Company’s character and values and from our commitment to innovation.
Two events in 2003 serve to showcase the depth that underlies our results. One was the First Annual Stryker Corporation Research and Development Recognition Program Awards. This ceremony was the culmination of an initiative begun in 2002 to reward outstanding accomplishment in research and development. It was designed to step up the pace of innovation and recognize outstanding creativity among our scientists and engi- neers. The second event was the rollout of a new program to more clearly communicate the value behind the Stryker name so that all of our customers, shareholders and employees will immediately associate the Company with the quality of our results.
These initiatives will reinforce our position as a worldwide leader in orthopaedics while we advance toward our goal of becoming a $5 billion company in 2005.
Sincerely,
John W. Brown
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
4
  