To Our Shareholders:
In 2005, Stryker delivered on its long-standing commitments while investing for the future at an unprecedented pace, growing adjusted diluted net earnings per share by 22 percent and dramatically increasing research and development spending by 33 percent. We also completed our first CEO transition in over a quarter-century.
I am very pleased to have been asked to lead the Company at this time. Stryker has a remarkable history, and there is clearly no need to make radical changes simply for the sake of change. Yet, throughout the Company, we are working together to shape a vision for a future of con-
tinued success even as we face strong new competitors in the dynamic worldwide health-care market.
Seizing opportunities through rapid growth
We are surrounded by opportunities, but they can be clouded by uncertainty and risk. One fact stands out: to gain competitive advantage in today’s complex business climate, Stryker will strive to be the fastest grow- ing company in the markets we serve. We have developed four important imperatives to ensure that we meet the high expectations of our customers, our shareholders, the financial markets and each of us at Stryker.
Imperative: globalization
We have worked intently to drive our global franchises and reach more customers and patients. But there is much still to do as we determine how best to serve both developed and emerging markets. Our MedSurg businesses, which are very successful in the United States, hold the promise of significant growth around the world. We are now seeing markets as distinct as China and the United Kingdom respond enthusiastically to our high-value MedSurg products and are determined to unlock this same potential in all of our key markets.
Imperative: innovation
Stryker develops products that make a major difference to surgeons and their patients. Our skill at execution has long been a competitive advantage, and in recent years we have also dialed up the spirit of innovation throughout the Company. Today, we relentlessly pursue innovation and a deep understanding of customers’ needs. We look for breakthrough ideas by investing in our research and development groups and by scour- ing the world for great concepts. This takes significant investments in R&D. While the pace of technological change is rapid throughout health care, it is especially brisk in such areas as endoscopic, digital imaging and communications systems, all of which are part of our Endoscopy division. The rewards of embracing high- speed, high-quality innovation can be tremendous—in 2005 our Endoscopy sales were more than double those of the entire Company in 1990, when the division was created.
Imperative: people development
Stryker’s people are characterized by integrity, drive and commitment. We also need to increasingly think and work globally across divisions and within our data-driven environment. Prominent among our 2005 initia- tives to foster this leadership style was the creation of the week-long Stryker Advanced Leadership Academy at Harvard Business School, designed to help the Company’s top 150 executives think more broadly. These sessions have been inspiring to me personally, and insights from the participants have already become projects that are shaping Stryker’s future.
  2
 
Imperative: leverage across divisions
Our broadly based businesses provide Stryker with an unrivaled opportunity to leverage our strengths across divisions and provide comprehensive solutions to health-care organizations. In 2005, we formed or renewed strategic alliances with renowned medical institutions including the Mayo Clinic, Memorial Hermann Hospital and The Cleveland Clinic. In the case of The Cleveland Clinic, for example, we will support the institution over the next decade in developing, testing and advancing innovative orthopaedic surgical tech- nologies. Because of the Clinic’s prominence in research and education, this partnership will benefit the entire field of medical science.
Facing the challenges
As we look ahead, we see a number of challenges. We expect that the pric- ing environment will become tighter in the United States and Japan and that the current pricing pressures in Europe and Asia Pacific will continue. The positive currency gains that have helped us in the last few years will likely disappear. In the midst of these challenges, we are investing heavily in products to sustain our growth later in this decade. Because of our unique position in the industry, we are confident that we will deliver great short-term results while continuing to invest for the future.
A year of accomplishment
Europe, Japan and Asia Pacific delivered excellent results in 2005, and our Biotech, Instruments, Medical, Endoscopy, Spine and Trauma divisions turned in stellar performances. The Orthopaedics division admit- tedly had a tough year, but it ended on an encouraging note. This positive trend reflects the new leadership of Stryker veteran Mike Mogul, whom we previously called upon to turn around our German business.
We also strengthened our ability to build our global business by tapping Luciano Cattani as Group President, International. Luciano, formerly President, Stryker EMEA, is our first non-American Group President. In addition, as of January 1, 2006, Ron Lawson was named Executive Vice President, allowing us to leverage his experience to promote the Company’s broad-based product portfolio.
I want to underscore how excited I am about Stryker’s future. We believe in our fundamental course, our people, our products and our ability to execute. We also know that we can attain new levels of achievement by focusing on our four imperatives to accelerate growth.
I would like to thank everyone at Stryker and all of our stakeholders for their support during the past year. As John Brown transitioned into the Chairman’s role, his continued support and wise counsel have been invaluable.
Sincerely,
Stephen P. MacMillan
President and Chief Executive Officer
  3
 