To Our Shareholders:
In 2006, Stryker once again delivered results that were well ahead of the norm for our industry, including
a double-digit sales increase for the sixth year in a row, adjusted net earnings of $830 million and operating cash flow of $867 million, which drove our net cash position to $1.4 billion. With these strong results, we were able
to make an unprecedented move to double our year-end dividend while remaining committed to redeploying our growing cash balance to strengthen our capabilities and identify new growth platforms.
These financial accomplishments occurred in the context of challenges the medical technology industry is fac- ing due to changes in the health-care environment. Simply put, health-care systems around the world are expe- riencing growing cost pressures due to aging populations and more patients who demand access to high-quality care. These factors could have a negative impact on companies that produce medical devices, but at Stryker we are committed to helping find solutions to these challenges.
Our goal is to help hospitals and medical professionals around the world improve patient care through meaningful innovations that result in better products, simplified surgical techniques and improved hospital effi- ciencies. Together, these three advancements can reduce costs throughout health-care systems and help patients regain their active lives.
We help hospitals and medical professionals improve patient care through meaningful innovations in products, surgical techniques and hospital efficiencies.
We believe that the medical technology industry will face challenges in the coming years, but we also see tremendous opportunities. We believe there are solid reasons why Stryker will continue to excel in such an environment.
2

 Reason 1
We manage for long-term growth, no matter what the external conditions. We set high expectations in good times, and we don’t compromise when the going gets tough. Challenging times demand the character to keep doing the right thing.
Reason 2
Reason 3
We have the size and scope to stand strong when tur- bulence hits. Not long ago, Stryker was viewed as an orthopaedics company; today we are a more broadly based medical technology company. We invent, manu- facture and sell market-leading products that trans- form hospital efficiencies and surgical procedures as well as the lives of individuals, and we do this on a global basis. If one sector of our business hits a soft spot, another carries the day. The 19 percent growth of our international MedSurg business and the upswing in our U.S. orthopaedic implant business were just two of our success stories in 2006.
Reason 4
We continually plan for tomorrow. With the goal of long-term growth, we never stop investing for the future. In 2006, we stepped up our investments in R&D, facility expansions and acquisitions. Because we live by the four imperatives that we have laid out for long-term growth, we are confident that when tomor- row arrives, our growth engine will be ready.
We say what we will do, and then we deliver. We can make commitments to shareholders, customers, patients and the investment community because we know we will persevere and reach our goals. For exam- ple, in 2006, Stryker continued to expand and reinvest in our business. Yet we never wavered from our initial guidance for the year and delivered 21 percent adjusted net earnings growth.
3

Stryker’s Four Imperatives for Growth
 Innovation
   Pursue breakthrough ideas to meet evolving needs.
 Globalization
   Drive global franchises to serve more people.
 People Development
   Engage talented people to deliver exceptional results.
 Leveraging Across Divisions
   Work together to provide comprehensive solutions for our customers.
Delivering on Our Commitments Today
While looking to the future, we remain firmly committed to delivering results in the here-and-now. Stryker’s per- formance during the dynamic climate of 2006 demonstrates how seriously we take our commitments—and how our broad-based, global business model enables us to meet them.
• Orthopaedics. We promised a turnaround in our orthopaedic implant business, and it is well underway, with five consecutive quarters of improved performance while the orthopaedic industry as a whole was slowing down. We have far outpaced our competitors in knees, posting double-digit growth for a remarkable 25 quarters in a row, due in part to the introduction of Triathlon into the global marketplace. With the recent launch of our new LFIT Anatomic Femoral Heads, featuring new, more anatomically sized heads and our high-performing X3 polyeth- ylene liners, we expect to further strengthen our hip replacement business.
Stryker’s global knee business has posted an exceptional run of 25 consecutive quarters of double-digit growth—and has outpaced the industry in the United States for the last four.
• MedSurg. We developed a game plan to expand our MedSurg business internationally, and this effort produced very positive results in these highly competitive markets. By building out the international sales forces, we have taken advantage of underdeveloped markets outside the United States. Additionally, releases of next- generation Instruments and Endoscopy products during the second half of the year have reinvigorated domes- tic growth. These favorable trends in the United States point out fundamental strengths, especially because they occurred at the same time that we were creating several new, highly focused sales forces to better serve our cus- tomers. We work tirelessly to be in tune with the needs of our customers. As one example, our investment in sur- gical navigation—one of the most sought-after medical technologies—has made our Navigation business unit the fastest growing in the Company.
• Biotech, Spine, Osteosynthesis. We said that these businesses would exceed $1 billion in combined revenue in 2006, and they delivered.
Our Spine business, which became a separate division with a dedicated U.S. sales organization in 2004, has delivered exceptional growth and has almost quadrupled in sales since 2001. Spine turned in another excellent performance in 2006, and we opened a new spine manufacturing facility in Neuchâtel, Switzerland. We also suc- cessfully completed our first interim analysis of the data from the FlexiCore lumbar disc clinical trial, which will allow an earlier filing of our premarket approval (PMA) application to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
4

We successfully integrated our former Trauma and CMF franchises into our new Osteosynthesis division, created in mid-2005 and devoted to repairing fractures and correcting deformities. In establishing the division, we developed more focused sales forces, a process that involves short-term disruption and long-term benefit. Even this early in the integration, we are seeing strong growth in both product lines, with a particularly stellar performance by the CMF franchise in the United States.
In June, we submitted a PMA application to the FDA for the use of OP-1 Putty in spine fusion surgeries. We also completed the first phase of a major expansion at our Biotech production facility in West Lebanon, New Hampshire, that will enable us to meet growing demand for our OP-1 products.
Spine, Trauma and CMF exceeded 20% growth in the United States during 2006.
• R&D investment. We have lived up to our promise to increase our R&D investment. With a 14 percent increase in R&D spending in 2006, we have buoyed our prospects for the future.
Stryker increased our investment in R&D by 14 percent in 2006.
• Growth. Stryker has a long-standing reputation as a growth company. In 2006, we honored our commitment to deliver our sixth consecutive year of double-digit sales growth along with 21 percent adjusted net earnings growth.
Stryker delivered 21 percent adjusted net earnings growth in 2006, along with double-digit revenue growth.
Focused on Tomorrow
Our decentralized structure enables us to anticipate and adapt to change. In 2006, we took decisive steps to sus- tain long-term growth. These actions will contribute to our top and bottom lines in the years ahead. Here are some key examples.
Strategic acquisitions and investments. While we remain intensely focused on generating strong organic growth through internal R&D, the promise of enhancing lives through medical technology continues to create new opportunities. We are also committed to finding the most promising of these technologies to complement and bolster our opportunities for growth. Through both acquisition and investment, we are using our expertise to ensure that these technologies follow a successful path through development, regulatory approval and com- mercialization.
In early 2006, we acquired Sightline Technologies Ltd., a developer of advanced flexible endoscopes for gastrointestinal (GI) and other markets. As a leader in rigid endoscopy, we are now applying our expertise and experience to the flexible scope portion of the market and extending our reach into the GI specialty. Because of our financial strength, we were able to absorb all of Sightline’s operating costs for 2006 and still reaffirm our guidance to the financial community—demonstrating both the underlying strength and forward momentum of our Company.
5

The acquisition of PlasmaSol Corp. in late 2005 was another strategic move. PlasmaSol’s technology pro- vides sterilization for certain types of MedSurg equipment, which we believe will provide significant time and cost savings for customers. An additional example is the acquisition of Silverglide, whose technology minimizes bleeding during neurosurgery. We also acquired rights to innovative technologies in a number of our businesses.
New global technology center in India. We are very excited about this new facility, which will enable us to incorporate local talent as we invest in an emerging market and develop products that cut across Stryker’s divi- sions. This foothold in Asia will help us create global product platforms to better serve our customers; develop manufacturing resources suited to an increasingly price-sensitive health-care environment; and identify and bring to market technologies that originate outside the United States. Additionally, the global technology center illustrates how we are tapping into the skills of people from around the world—efforts that have been acceler- ated by initiatives like the Stryker Advanced Leadership Academy at Harvard Business School.
Simplifying surgical procedures. We can save customers money and time by reducing the number of steps in a surgical procedure. Through this vitally important focus, we are leveraging the breadth and depth of our prod- uct lines. It also helps us address an area where, quite frankly, our decentralized structure has at times challenged us—working together across the Company’s internal divisions to deliver fully integrated solutions. The Stryker Precision Saw with a unique oscillating tip, launched in 2006, is the first fruit of this innovative approach. We look forward to reporting much more progress on procedural simplification in future years.
Maintaining High Standards
Throughout the Company, management and employees earnestly strive to maintain the highest ethical stan- dards, and our Board of Directors shares this aim. At Stryker we are determined optimists who combine our high expectations with a healthy dose of reality. While we do not lay claim to perfection, we collectively get up each morning determined to do business with integrity and transparency.
Stryker’s Commitment
All of us at Stryker will do our best for you—our shareholders—and for our customers and the patients we serve, while maintaining an unrelenting focus on long-term growth. We have the size, scope and passion to grow faster than our competitors in franchise after franchise, territory after territory. We are determined to win and deliver on our commitments in earnings growth and all aspects of our business.
We thank you for your ongoing investment and support. Sincerely,
Stephen P. MacMillan
President and Chief Executive Officer
 6
