2STRYKER 2009 ANNUAL REVIEWSome say that running a company is like running a marathon—that success is a matter of stamina, discipline and a steady, unrelenting pace. Although that’s undeniably true, 2009 felt more like a boxing match. We went toe-to-toe with a volatile global economy, rolled with some marketplace punches, moved quickly and battled back. By the close of the year and going into 2010, we feel encouraged by where we’re headed. Here’s why:- A new culture of quality and compliance is taking rootat Stryker.- We’ve grown leaner by managing costs and standardizing operations.- Our focus on innovation and growing our R&D pipelines is alive and well.- Key acquisitions have added to our capabilities and opened up important new markets.- Strong cash flow underscores the health of our company.- Adjusted diluted net earnings per share grew in 2009.We believe our company has the leadership position, financial strength, focus on costs and quality, the broad geographic reach and, most importantly, a special spirit in our people to compete, grow and win over the long term.Dear shareholders:Performance in perspectiveWe generated net sales of $6.72 billion, up 0.1% from 2008. While this growth rate is anemic by our usual standards,the sheer fact of generating any growth in 2009 was a notable victory. Importantly, it preserves our long-term track record of growing every year. Our adjusted diluted net earnings per share increased 4% to $2.95 in 2009. A focus on cash flow was also a major priority in 2009, and we were pleased to deliver operating cash flow of over $1 billion for the third consecutive year, and up a strong 24% over 2008.Clearly, this is not the kind of revenue and earnings growth our shareholders have historically expected from us, and we will never be satisfied with delivering results like these. But we are proud of how agile and resilient our company proved to be in 2009. Throughout our history, we have demonstrated the ability to weather economic downturns and uncertainty, emerging a stronger and more capable enterprise. Last year was no exception. Our quarterly performance demonstrated sequential improvement in our key operating and financial measurements, as our people and teams around the world responded with urgency to manage costs in the face of economic headwinds and marketplace turbulence. As our focus on operating costs paid off throughout the year, a broader economic recovery also appeared on the horizon. This has given us further resolve to go back on offense and deliver stronger results in 2010, hopefully closer to our own expectations. Time will tell. But as we combine our sense of urgency and greater operating efficiency with renewed economic growth, welike our prospects.While our diverse product offering—which generated superior growth for most of the decade—did create some unique challenges for us in 2009, we continue to believe our footprint possesses significant opportunities for strong growth in 2010 and beyond. Our portfolio of businesses spans numerous medical technology markets, helping to drive sales opportunities and generally providing stability. In 2009, our worldwide MedSurg sales took the hardesthit, with revenue decreasing 5% versus 2008, as hospitalsWe believe our company has the leadership position, financial strength, focus on costs and quality, the broad geographic reach and, most importantly, a special spirit in our people to compete, grow and win over the long term.WHAT MATTERS MOST 3and clinics grew conservative with capital equipmentpurchases. Based on the steady uptick in sales that we sawas 2009 progressed, we expect that this business will returnto growth in 2010 and continue to be a key driver in thecoming decade. Meanwhile, we were pleased that all of oursignificant orthopaedic implant franchises posted solidworldwide growth.Last year in this letter, we reported on the status of threeWarning Letters from the Food and Drug Administration(FDA) citing deficiencies in our quality systems. We arepleased that one of these letters, regarding our Biotechdivision, has been lifted. Regrettably, we received anadditional Warning Letter in May related to complianceissues for one of our CMF products. We are workingdiligently to resolve each of these remaining WarningLetters. Foremost among our ongoing efforts is a threeyearinvestment of approximately $200 million in theredesign and execution of our quality system improvementplan. While we are seeking to exceed the FDA’s expectationsthrough this plan, we also believe it will fundamentallymake us a stronger company in the years ahead.Focusing on quality, innovation and costsAs we have grown in revenue, competitiveness and scale,we’ve become a leader in a vital industry, facing ever-higherexpectations for our products and the performance of ouroperations. We have mobilized to prepare for a new level ofperformance in an increasingly complex world, and ourevolution continues. In 2009 and going into 2010, whatmatters most to us—and to our customers—is quality,innovation and costs. These three areas are how we aredelivering for today and investing for the future.QualityQuality is not just an objective, it is a discipline. And itcannot simply be the domain of manufacturing in anorganization like ours. It includes everything about ourproducts, from design and material sourcing, to the clinicalexperiences of healthcare providers and the patients theyserve. For the last couple of years, we have been executing onan aggressive plan to standardize and dramatically improveour quality systems throughout all our manufacturingdivisions. While we have made meaningful progress to date,there is still significant work to do before we reach the highergoals we have established for ourselves.In 2009 and going into 2010, what mattersmost to us—and to our customers—isquality, innovation and costs. These threeareas are how we are delivering for todayand investing for the future.’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’090.060.070.090.110.220.50Dividends Paid($ PER SHARE)0.33’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’096175608338671,0281,1761,461Cash Flow Provided byOperating Activities($ MILLIONS)4 STRYKER 2009 ANNUAL REVIEWIn September, we took the additional step of creating theposition of group president, global quality and operations,naming a seasoned Stryker executive, Lonny Carpenter, tothe position. In this role, which reports directly to me, Lonnyis responsible for establishing and executing company-widequality, manufacturing, procurement and logistics strategies.His two primary objectives will be to quickly advance ourquality systems to the top of our industry, and to drive downour overall operating costs and inventory levels.InnovationIn our quest to improve the lives of patients and caregivers,we continue to develop innovative products and solutions.We are fortunate to have a trusted, intimate role in theprofessional lives and abilities of caregivers— the healthcareprofessionals and hospital administrators we serve every day.This close relationship has inspired many of our productsand put life-changing technologies in the hands of cliniciansand hospitals. Our ability to “speak the same language”as surgeons, nurses and hospital administrators has led usto innovations that help healthcare professionals dealwith cost pressures and compete in their market throughimproved efficiency and value-added services. As weevolve, we are becoming smarter and more disciplined inthe way we connect our clinical knowledge and caregiverrelationships with our R&D efforts and our marketingand sales activities.CostsWe are removing the barriers to organizational efficiency.Our company was built with a spirit of independence andentrepreneurship, in which individual businesses developedtheir own practices, support systems and functions. Inour evolution, we are retaining that entrepreneurial spirit,but asking business leaders to focus on their customersand markets, where they have the greatest insight and candrive the greatest value. In support of this approach, weare deploying resources and systems across the companyto standardize and serve the needs of these businesses.Higher-level expertise can bring greater consistencyand efficiency to areas such as compliance, qualityassurance, information technology and human resources.Standardization and shared services in these areas notonly offer bottom-line benefits today; they position us tobe much stronger operationally and financially when theeconomic environment improves.Delivering for today and investing in the future also callson us to take a fresh look at how we measure our progressand hold ourselves accountable. For years, we strived—andsucceeded—at delivering annual 20% earnings per share(EPS) growth. But as we’ve grown, diversified and matured,Leveraged Earnings Growth($ PER SHARE)01.002.003.00’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’091.031.371.652.002.402.832.95Adjusted to excludecertain chargesand gains, includingpatent litigation,restructurings,intangible assetimpairment,in-process researchand development,income taxes onrepatriation of foreignearnings, acquisitionrelateditems anddiscontinuedoperations.We are fortunate to have a trusted,intimate role in the professional livesand abilities of caregivers—thehealthcare professionals and hospitaladministrators we serve every day.’03 ’04 ’05 ’06 ’07 ’08 ’09Worldwide Sales Growth($ BILLIONS)$2.4BINTERNATIONAL$4.3BU.S.TOTAL: $6.7BWHAT MATTERS MOST 5and as our customers continue to experience ongoingcost pressures, that single financial metric has become lesssustainable. So we’ve adopted a new lens for viewing ouroverall performance and are developing measurementsto benchmark ourselves more effectively and relevantlyagainst our industry peers. Importantly, a key tenet ofour long-term performance—high growth—remainsfirmly in our DNA.Investing in growthOur remarkably strong cash position enabled us topursue strategic acquisitions in 2009 that complementour existing franchises, while also adding a newgrowth platform to our portfolio. Our most prominentacquisition was Ascent Healthcare Solutions, the marketleader in the reprocessing and remanufacturing ofmedical devices in the United States. This was a $525million all-cash transaction that allows our company toextend our value proposition to hospitals and healthcareproviders. In Ascent, we see a key player in a high-growthmarket riding two major trends: cost containment andenvironmental responsibility. With Ascent as part ofStryker, we will help divert millions of pounds of medicalwaste from landfills, while simultaneously helping ourhospital customers redirect substantial financial resourcesto patient care quality initiatives.We also acquired OtisMed Corporation, a privatelyheld software technology firm. OtisMed will focus oncustomizable instrumentation that has the potential tocomplement the many benefits that surgeons and patientsrealize from our Triathlon Knee System, as well as ourother implants. Additionally, we entered into agreementsto acquire the assets used to manufacture, market andsell the Sonopet Ultrasonic Aspirator technology, whichincludes precision microsurgical instruments used inneurological and spine procedures. We are excited aboutthe possibilities that these innovative products hold forour future growth.We were pleased to welcome two new members to ourBoard of Directors during the year: Howard Lance andSrikant Datar. Howard is the chairman, president andCEO of Harris Corporation, a Fortune 500 leader inIn Ascent, we see a key player in ahigh-growth market riding twomajor trends: cost containment andenvironmental responsibility.0.0’79 ’092.03.01.04.06.07.05.0History of Revenue Growth($ BILLIONS)$6.7BThe year Stryker became a publicly traded company.6 STRYKER 2009 ANNUAL REVIEWDiversified Sales BaseMEDICAL /SURGICAL:39%7. Instruments: 18%8. Endoscopy: 14%9. Medical: 7%RECONSTRUCTIVEIMPLANTS:38%1. Hips: 16%2. Knees: 19%3. Extremity/Other: 3%SPINE, TRAUMA& CMF IMPLANTS:23%4. Trauma: 11%5. Spine: 9%6. CMF/Other: 3%124356789telecommunications, and he also spent time living in HongKong earlier in his career. As a seasoned CEO, Howard’sadvice and perspective are invaluable. Last summer, wewere also fortunate to have Dr. Srikant Datar, a professorat the Harvard Business School, join the Board. Srikantis already bringing exceptionally valuable perspectives toour team, especially related to our approach in emergingmarkets and to our Biotech business. Both Howard andSrikant have had an immediate impact on our Boarddiscussions, asking penetrating questions that will nodoubt make us an even stronger team and company inthe years ahead.Outlook and opportunitiesWe have abundant opportunities. The forces that arereshaping the global healthcare landscape today are in ourfavor: the need for expansion into emerging markets likeChina and India; the need for cost containment amonghospitals; the need for evidence-based medicine amongpayors; and the ever-present need for innovation and newsolutions among healthcare professionals throughout theworld. Healthcare reform initiatives in the U.S., while stillunresolved, hold opportunities for our business, as theywill undoubtedly require us to meet the needs of ourcustomers in new and creative ways.In every one of our current businesses, we have sufficientscale to compete effectively and room to gain market share.For instance, we are now the world’s largest orthopaediccompany, yet no single franchise has a leading share. With39% of sales in the MedSurg market, 38% in reconstructiveimplants and 23% in spine, trauma and CMF implants, weare balanced across the medical technology space. And wehave a broad geographic footprint that allows us to drive salesglobally and expand our presence in developing markets. Allof these factors allow us to be excited and optimistic—butnever overconfident—about the years ahead.Before I close, I want to thank my colleague and mentorJohn Brown, who retired this year as chairman of theBoard. John began at Stryker in 1977 as president and chiefexecutive officer, and oversaw 32 years of the company’sgrowth. Under John’s leadership, we grew from a $17 millioncompany to become one of the premier medical technologycompanies in the world. His impact on our company cannotbe overstated. The Stryker we know today took shape underhis leadership, and I am grateful to have benefited from hiswisdom over the past seven years and proud to extend hislegacy into the future. Following such a legend is of coursea tremendous challenge, but John’s support has helped megrow immensely during this time.After a challenging 2009, I think I speak for all of ouremployees when I say that it feels good to go on offenseagain, to make strategic moves that position us to gainground and to win. We plan to use our talent and resourcesto transform our competitive abilities for the benefit ofthe caregivers we serve and their patients, as well as for ourshareholders. Our team approaches 2010 mindful of ourchallenges and enthusiastic about our opportunities. Welook forward to reporting to you on our progress.Sincerely,Stephen P. MacMillanChairman, President and Chief Executive Officer