 DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS,
Symantec ended fiscal 2011 on a strong note, as demonstrated by our solid performance against our key financial metrics. I am proud of our team’s execution and our accomplishments over the past few quarters. We have a unique and differentiated portfolio that spans from the endpoint to the data center, supporting both virtual and physical environments. We work with individual consumers all the way to the largest organizations in the world. In addition to providing customers with traditional software solutions, we have expanded our Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) and appliance based offerings, giving customers choice on how our solutions are delivered and deployed.
Today we are the leader in helping enterprises and consumers secure and manage their information and identities. IT trends in virtualization, cloud computing, and mobility are changing the way organizations are doing business. By providing solutions that enable the adoption of these key technology trends, we
will carry that leadership into tomorrow.
Hard work and disciplined planning enabled us to deliver solid results during fiscal year 2011. Our consumer business grew each quarter driven by our ability to attract and retain more customers through our online store, the customer appeal of our new services offerings, and the strength of our award winning products. In our enterprise business, we generated growth across our portfolio driven by demand for our backup, SaaS, and data loss prevention (“DLP”) products. We have taken great strides in effectively integrating the VeriSign security business as well as the PGP and GuardianEdge acquisitions into the Symantec portfolio. Our salesforce and distribution partners are successfully cross-selling these acquired technologies into our customer installed base.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
During fiscal 2011, GAAP revenue totaled $6.19 billion and grew 4% in constant currency terms from the previous year. Non-GAAP1 earnings per share were $1.42, down 5% year over year as reported. Excluding the purchase accounting related deferred revenue write down of $165 million from our acquisitions of VeriSign’s security business, PGP, and GuardianEdge, non-GAAP earnings per share would have been $0.16 higher, totaling $1.58, up 6% year over year as reported.
As a result of our strong bookings performance during the second half of the year, we closed the year with a record $3.82 billion in GAAP deferred revenue, up 16% year-over-year in constant currency, and generated $1.8 billion of cash flow from operations, up 6% year over year as reported.
Furthermore, we continued to demonstrate our commitment to increasing shareholder value by repurchasing 57 million shares of our stock for $870 million. Our board authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program and we exited the first quarter of fiscal 2012 with $679 million remaining in the program.
SYMANTEC’S VISION AND STRATEGY
We envision a world that is secure and well managed. The future is not about devices or applications; it is about people and their information. At Symantec, we believe people should work and play freely in a connected world.
Our strategy is to be the company people choose to secure and manage their information and identities. Symantec focuses on what matters most — information. We are delivering a differentiated, customer-centric experience so that people have private, secure, and simple access to information — anywhere and anytime. We help individuals, small and medium-sized businesses (“SMB”), and global organizations ensure that their information, technology infrastructures, and related processes are
1 Non-GAAP results are reconciled to GAAP on page 5
1

protected and easily managed. We deliver solutions that allow customers to access information when they need it and make it available to all of those who should have access to it.
FISCAL 2011 ACCOMPLISHMENTS
The current toxic threat environment ranging from mutating malware to advanced persistent threats, coupled with the unprecedented rate of information growth has made our products and solutions more relevant than ever. I am pleased with our sales team’s performance during fiscal year 2011. Focused account management helped us cross-sell the entire product portfolio as customers continued to expand their commitment to Symantec.
Symantec is uniquely positioned to protect businesses globally from the types of sophisticated and targeted attacks they are facing today. We’re focused on solving the top five customer security challenges: 1) manage policies and find a response to threats; 2) protect the information; 3) validate and protect identities; 4) manage systems; and 5) protect the infrastructure. Our DLP business continued to grow as security is shifting from simply locking down infrastructure to protecting the information itself. As a result, we are leveraging our relationships with enterprises’ Chief Information Security Officers (“CISOs”) to sell our data protection suite along with our endpoint security, management, and compliance suites. Custom- ers recognize the value of having an information-centric solution that protects their confidential and proprietary data.
Our market leading information management portfolio, which includes our backup and archiving solutions, helps organizations protect and manage their data. Effective backup and recovery continues to be a high priority for organizations. Our recently refreshed backup and archiving portfolio is differentiating us from the competition and is driving growth for this business. By integrating deduplication, archiving, and virtualization support features into these products, we have made it easier for customers to adopt and standardize on our solutions. We launched the industry’s first backup appliance that offers client and target based deduplication and we are seeing strong customer adoption of this integrated solution.
Performance of our storage and availability management business stabilized during the year after a difficult fiscal 2010. We generated bookings growth during the second half of the year as we further diversified our platform penetration beyond Sun Solaris and other Unix platforms into Linux and Windows environments. Customers are increasingly re-committing to our storage and availability management products as we differentiate ourselves from native stack providers and provide increased storage, server, and operational cost savings. In addition, we launched ApplicationHA and VirtualStore which were co-developed with VMware. ApplicationHA helps organizations virtualize their business critical applications and VirtualStore provides high-performance and low-cost storage for virtualized desktop and server deployments.
By the end of fiscal 2011, our Consumer business had delivered ten consecutive quarters of year over year revenue growth. We continue to acquire and retain more customers given the strength of our product quality, our strong partnerships, and the ongoing development of our eCommerce capabilities. Our new eStore enables us to understand our customers better and allows us to up-sell and cross-sell more of our products and services. During fiscal year 2011, we expanded our consumer offerings to address the evolving needs of users. We now offer several solutions beyond traditional security, such as live help services, online backup, and online safety services. We continue to seed opportunities beyond the PC through our Norton Everywhere initiative. For example, we offer Norton Mobile Security to customers around the globe through our broad multi-channel distribution network. I’m pleased with the progress we are making in providing consumers a safe, hassle-free online experience across mobile phones, tablets, and smart devices.
Additionally, we acquired authentication and encryption capabilities during fiscal year 2011. These acquisitions, which included VeriSign’s security business, PGP, and GuardianEdge, exceeded expectations on all metrics as the team executed against our plans to integrate and grow these businesses. The SSL authentication business posted strong bookings during the year and grew the installed base double digits in both the premium and value segments. We tied our encryption offerings to DLP sales, as customers increasingly look to solve their information protection challenges in a more holistic way. Through
2

disciplined planning and solid execution, we have made great strides in effectively integrating these acquisitions and leveraging our distribution network to successfully grow these businesses.
FISCAL 2012 PRIORITIES
I am confident that our hard work in fiscal 2011 has laid a solid foundation for a successful fiscal 2012. We will focus on two key priorities that will position us well for the short and long-term. Our priorities are to execute on our vision by energizing our core businesses and capitalizing on new growth opportunities.
Energizing Our Core Businesses
For the consumer business, we are well positioned to continue to generate steady growth by acquiring and retaining more customers while enhancing the value we offer over a customer’s lifetime. To position us for the long-term, the consumer team will deliver solutions beyond the PC and extend trust to new devices and consumer applications, spanning across mobile, smart devices, and embedded systems. We will provide consumers the best online experience that allows them to access information anytime, anywhere, and from any device safely and securely.
In the small to medium-sized business segment, we’re focused on both product capabilities and go-to-market strategies. We expect to further penetrate the segment by delivering high quality SMB-centric products and cloud-based services. In addition, our goal is to capture SMB partner mindshare and expand our routes to market through product specialization programs, targeted marketing campaigns, dedicated channel support resources, and online selling. We have three priorities for the SMB team: 1) deliver an experience designed for the SMB; 2) drive customer preference in order to become the brand of choice for SMBs; and 3) strengthen our partnerships and enable partner profitability.
For the enterprise business, we have several focus areas. In Information Management, we will build on our momentum by delivering next generation capabilities, such as deduplication, advanced virtual machine protection, and eDiscovery. We expect to cross-sell our eDiscovery solutions from the recent Clearwell acquisition into our archiving and backup installed base. In Storage and Availability Management, we want to build on the value we bring to customers by helping them reduce costs and virtualize their business-critical applications. And, in Enterprise Security, we will deliver products that leverage our encryption, authentication, and DLP expertise, as well as, our reputation based technology, known as Insight. We will continue to leverage our CISO relationships to cross-sell the security portfolio.
Capitalizing On New Growth Opportunities
Today’s trends in virtualization, cloud computing, and mobility provide customers the opportunity to work and play differently in tomorrow’s digital world. It’s our time to capitalize on the opportunities that these trends are creating for us. Customers are looking for us to help them secure their environments and make them more available. We will capitalize on these emerging trends and will deliver solutions to help both consumers and enterprises securely access and use information across multiple devices and platforms.
Organizations are adopting virtualization to reduce costs, enhance flexibility, and build public and private cloud infrastructures. As a result, their environments are becoming more complex and essential applications and data may be left vulnerable to attack. Our solutions help these organizations secure, manage, and optimize their virtual environments from the datacenter to the endpoint. By helping customers adopt server, storage, and endpoint virtualization, customers can expand the benefits of virtualization.
We have a broad portfolio of cloud based solutions and services, from SaaS security to authentication services and online backup to cloud infrastructure management. These solutions help our customers lower costs and simplify IT administration, while keeping their information and identities secure. We are also helping cloud based vendors build secure cloud environments for access by their customers. As a result of our service offerings and product set, customers can more confidently move to the cloud.
3

Mobile devices are increasingly being used in our personal and business lives, offering productivity increases, but also creating new security and management challenges. Our solutions manage and protect mobile devices by enforcing data governance, increasing visibility across all mobile platforms, and securing data for both consumers and enterprises. By helping customers manage devices, authenticate users, and protect information, customers can freely become more mobile.
Symantec has the unique ability to help customers confidently adopt and realize the full potential of all of these technology trends.
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
As a leader in corporate responsibility, Symantec recognizes the growing connection between compet- itiveness and performance on sustainability issues. This link can be clearly seen in three areas of challenge and opportunity we see for the company: 1) minimizing our greenhouse gas emissions by using energy as efficiently as possible; 2) attracting, developing, and inspiring a diverse pool of talented employees; and
3) better serving our customers in both our consumer and enterprise businesses.
As described more fully in our corporate responsibility report, we continued to make advances in key areas in fiscal year 2011. We launched a new initiative to increase opportunities for women at Symantec and have set a fiscal year 2012 goal to raise the percentage of women in leadership positions from 25% to 27%. We adopted a Supply Chain Code of Conduct as well as joined the United Nations Global Compact LEAD and the UNGC Anti-Corruption working group. On the environmental front, we doubled our number of US Green Building Council LEED-certified “green” buildings since fiscal year 2010; for the first time, one of these is now a data center.
Symantec contributed over $24 million in cash and software during fiscal year 2011 and among our philanthropic efforts, we have committed $900,000 over the next three years to Room to Read, a nonprofit organization dedicated to literacy and gender equality in the developing world.
EXPECT GREAT THINGS
Now entering my third year as CEO, I can say without hesitation that I have never been more energized about Symantec’s prospects. While I am excited about the progress we are making, I’m even more excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. We remain diligent and focused on meeting our customer needs, executing against our business plan, and returning value to our shareholders.
I look forward to sharing with you the many accomplishments Symantec will achieve in fiscal 2012. Sincerely,
ENRIQUE SALEM
President and Chief Executive Officer
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT: This annual report contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to safe harbors under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Forward- looking statements including words such as “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “projects,” and similar expressions. Statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, anticipated growth and trends in our businesses and in our industries,
the anticipated impacts of acquisitions, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions, based on our current expectations about future events and may not prove to be accurate. We do not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events occurring or circumstances arising after the date of this report. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and our actual results, performance, or achievements could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements on the basis of several factors, including those that we discuss under Item 1A, Risk
Factors of the 10-K. We encourage you to read that section carefully.
 4
