Dear Fellow Shareholders:
 The world has continued to see a marked increase in the number of major data breaches and cyber attacks, including high-profile penetrations at major retailers and state-sponsored attacks on media and government websites. Enterprises, governments, and individuals need help now more than ever navigating the complex, rapidly evolving cyber security landscape. No company is better positioned to address these challenges than Symantec.
While most know us for our leading Norton security offerings, one of our
main competitive advantages is that we operate the largest civilian cyberintelligence
network in the world. We track 4 trillion threat indicators and update these at a rate of 200,000 new threats per second from hundreds of millions of mobile devices, endpoints, and servers across the globe. We secure customer data, ensure immediate access to that data from an increasing number of devices and platforms, and protect it wherever it resides.
Our leading security and information management solutions have never been more relevant than they are today. I am very excited to share what I believe are considerable opportunities for Symantec to capitalize on these secular trends to optimize our businesses for growth and profitability.
ACCELERATING OUR TRANSFORMATION
In fiscal 2014, the first year of our multi-year, company-wide transformation, we implemented several initiatives designed to improve overall performance, including: dividing sales into new business and renewal teams and increasing sales force specialization; simplifying our organizational structure; and announcing our new channel strategy with redesigned partner programs and incentives. These initiatives expanded non-GAAP1 operating margin by nearly 280 basis points to 27.4%, in part, by reducing our sales and marketing expenses by more than $300 million. As we completed the implementation of our go-to- market changes, we delivered non-GAAP revenue of $6.7 billion. At the same time, we generated $1.28 billion in cash from operations and returned $918 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. While we have made tremendous progress, we still have more to accomplish to deliver on our long-term growth and margin targets.
Leading a complex transformation required us to make hard choices about our businesses and to reexamine how we run them. To address this challenge, we organized our efforts around five key operational priorities, which include: 1-managing our businesses as a portfolio and optimizing certain businesses for margin; 2-prioritizing investments for growth; 3-improving efficiencies and growing revenue through eight initiatives; 4-attracting talent to our executive team; and 5-returning significant cash to shareholders.
1. Managing our Businesses as a Portfolio and Optimizing Certain Businesses for Margin
We’re evaluating every product line to balance profitability against growth. We’re optimizing our more mature, lower growth Norton and storage management businesses to expand operating margin. As part of this effort, we formed a business unit for the Norton branded products. We are simplifying our offerings with the beta release of Norton Security and Norton Security with Backup. We are investing in the direct-to-consumer eCommerce channel and better managing our retail and OEM channels. And, we introduced Norton Small Business, our first Norton offering for small businesses.
We will also identify product lines to divest or end of life that don’t fit either our margin or growth objectives.
1Non-GAAP results are reconciled to GAAP on page 4
1

2. Prioritizing Investments for Growth
We plan to accelerate growth by prioritizing investments in backup and security. We have shifted resource funding in the R&D budget to put more dollars behind the most promising market opportunities. We’re deploying savings generated from our high margin businesses and prioritizing investments in enterprise areas according to our growth objectives.
Backup: We are the leader in backup with 30% market share, according to IDC, and our NetBackup appliance is one of our fastest growing businesses, up 29% year-over-year. In 2014, we continued to innovate in this space, releasing NetBackup 7.6, Backup Exec 2014, and nearly doubling the capacity of our backup appliances.
Security: By correlating and analyzing threat indicators from billions of files and websites, we are able to leverage our considerable telemetry and customer footprint to protect, detect, and respond to emerging threats more efficiently than the competition. Competitive offerings tend to overwhelm enterprises with false positives and use third-party data to detect threats, thereby reducing response times.
• Throughout our services and products, we are addressing the advanced threat protection problem in a differentiated way, and launched our ATP managed security service (MSS-ATP) to correlate the telemetry of our endpoint security with third party network security products. This quarter, we introduced our managed incident response service, which provides emergency on-demand service to help customers recover from a breach. We believe we’re the only company that will offer a cloud- based, hands-on cyber security simulation that customers can access from anywhere and engage in realistic training scenarios that approximate customers’ data center environments. In addition, later this year, we’ll be introducing an industry-leading ATP solution which integrates protection across a threat defense gateway, email, and endpoint to deliver better multi-tier security.
• In data loss prevention (DLP), we’re extending our market leading DLP capabilities into our endpoint, email, and data center security products. By integrating DLP functionality into these areas, we will provide customers with complete visibility, consistent policy enforcement and unified governance of their information.
• In mobile, we are leveraging our strengths in identity and access, productivity enablement, and data and threat protection to drive innovation in the rapidly growing mobile enterprise management market, where we grew 77% year-over-year. We released mobile workforce productivity, which integrates application and device management capabilities into a holistic solution for enterprises. Within the next 12 months, we will be integrating our market-leading DLP technology into our mobile productivity suite.
3. Growing Revenue and Improving Efficiencies through Eight Initiatives
We can better manage our expenses and run our businesses more efficiently. We’ve created a project management office with detailed work streams to focus on the opportunities we’ve identified to improve revenue and reduce costs. To drive revenue growth, we are enhancing sales productivity, improving our renewal rates, increasing rigor on license compliance, and optimizing pricing. To expand margin, we have identified tangible ways to further reduce costs by increasing our R&D capacity, consolidating our global footprint, streamlining product support, and optimizing our Norton business.
4. Attracting Talent to our Executive Team
Over the past twelve months, we’ve addressed both risk and future strategy by carefully making a number of key additions to our executive team, including hiring our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Chief Information Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer, and the Head of Asia, Pacific and Japan sales. Additionally, we are nearing the completion of our CEO search. During the
2

process, the Board search committee received strong inbound interest and met with a number of highly qualified candidates. We are confident that any one of these highly qualified candidates can lead the company.
5. Returning Significant Cash to Shareholders
We will continue to return significant cash to shareholders as we’ve done in the past. Over the past 10 years, we’ve repurchased over $10 billion of our shares. In fiscal 2015, we expect to return approximately $900 million to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases just as we did last year.
DEMONSTRATING OUR COMMITMENT TO CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
Our Corporate Responsibility program supported our company’s objectives in fiscal year 2014 by focusing on employee engagement, investing in the community, supporting the development of new information security talent, and reducing our environmental impacts. We improved communication and alignment across the organization by defining employee expectations and rewards, indexing employee feedback, and launching a new company-wide set of values. To enhance our ability to attract and retain the best talent, we appointed our first Chief Diversity Officer. We invested over $28 million in software and cash to support nonprofits around the world, a 16% increase over the prior year. Our software donation program issued 432,111 licenses reaching more than 23,000 organizations in 29 countries. We are supporting our communities by launching an initiative that will create cyber career opportunities among underserved communities that helps meet demand for IT security professionals. In fiscal year 2014, greenhouse gas emissions from our global facilities decreased 2.4% year-over-year. We made progress towards the goal of LEED certification for newly owned and long-leased facilities by gaining two new certifications, raising the certified percentage of our eligible square-footage to 82%.
THE PATH FORWARD
We’re confident that the changes we’ve made in fiscal year 2014 and the initiatives currently underway position Symantec to capitalize on growth opportunities, drive margin expansion, and deliver sustainable shareholder value. We would like to thank our employees and partners for their commitment, and our customers for their support. We are excited about our future and are confident in our ability to create long-term shareholder value.
Thank you for your continued confidence and support. Regards,
Michael Brown
Interim President and Chief Executive Officer
 3
