 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
As I begin my new role as Symantec’s President and CEO, I am committed to gaining share in our core markets. Symantec holds the leading position in our key markets, but we will not rest on our laurels. We will gain share by bringing the highest quality products to market, collaborating across product lines in order to drive further product integration, increasing cross- selling opportunities and expect to exceed customers’ expectations.
As I took over the CEO role, without question, there were important issues to address. Decision- making needed to happen faster, accountability had to be clearer, and we needed to concentrate even more intently on our customers. My first task as CEO was to simplify our structure and focus our organization on a few key areas. This allows us to make improvements in the product quality process, streamline integration across the portfolio, and focus on operational efficiency. We have determined our key focus areas for the new fiscal year, and how we are going to measure success. These metrics are an important step in becoming more consistent and empowering us to win in fiscal 2010 and beyond.
When the going gets tough, companies must concentrate on what they can control, and our focus on streamlining operations and managing costs intensified accordingly during fiscal 2009. Difficult decisions were necessary, including reducing headcount. The result was better than expected profitability and operating margin expansion. Looking forward, I will be emphasizing accountability for results and even greater cost efficiency, particularly given the economic environment.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
In fiscal 2009, we achieved both record revenue and earnings per share, despite a challenging macro-economic environment. Non-GAAP1 revenue grew 5% to more than $6.2 billion, generating non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.57. Non-GAAP deferred revenue remained stable at $3.1 billion and we generated cash flow from operating activities of $1.7 billion.
Our discipline in managing expenses resulted in non-GAAP operating margin expansion of 360 basis points during fiscal year 2009. While this exceeded our goal for the year, we still see opportunities to improve our cost structure.
Furthermore, we continued to demonstrate our commitment to increasing shareholder value by repurchasing a total of $700 million of our common stock.
SYMANTEC IS ABOUT SECURING AND MANAGING INFORMATION
Symantec’s goal is to help customers secure and manage their information while helping them to drive cost out of their IT infrastructure. Our core strategy has remained fundamentally sound, even in this challenging economic environment, as our products help reduce risks and costs for our customers. While spending time with our customers, I’ve observed the increasing value of information. Underlying data such as a company’s records or a family’s photos is the most valuable asset that our customers possess. Furthermore, this information has been growing at explosive rates.
Concurrently, the number and complexity of threats are growing. During 2008, we created
1.6 million security signatures, more than the number we created in the previous 17 years. The recent
1 Non-GAAP results are reconciled to GAAP results on page 5. 1

Conficker virus provides a perfect illustration of Symantec’s ability to deliver value to its customers as a result of our ability to unify security and management capabilities. Our product portfolio enables our customers to identify the systems that need to be patched, deliver the required patches, update signatures, and validate that they are indeed secure. Additionally, we can manage the frequency of backups to protect critical data in times of high threat levels. We are the only vendor to bring this complete security, storage and backup solution to the market.
FISCAL 2009 ACCOMPLISHMENTS
The mission-critical nature of our product portfolio combined with the compelling ROIs that our products offer has enabled Symantec to remain relevant to many of our customers despite the tightening of IT budgets during fiscal 2009. For example, we launched our “Stop Buying Storage” campaign which enables customers using our solutions to reduce storage costs by better utilizing existing storage and by buying lower cost storage.
In the data protection market, our backup and recovery products gained market share. The transition of NetBackup to a platform based architecture has enabled our customers to take advantage of best-of-the-breed features such as disk based backup, virtualization, continuous data protection and de-duplication.
Our data loss prevention products continued to show strong growth as the need to control data leakage remained a top priority for Chief Information Officers. The DLP team has been very successful in leveraging the broader Symantec direct sales force and channel presence, and has expanded globally. We also made significant progress in integrating the DLP product into the Symantec portfolio. DLP 9.0 is now fully integrated with our endpoint management solution as a result of leveraging Symantec’s Open Collaborative Architecture.
On the consumer side of our business, we continued to expand our category leadership by bringing innovative products and services to market. Independent industry tests concluded that our 2009 Norton consumer products offer the lightest, fastest, and best protection against security threats in the market. We are leveraging our meaningful relationships with numerous OEM providers around the world and continue to aggressively pursue valuable distribution agreements. Driven by our acquisition of SwapDrive in June 2008, we are the clear leader in the consumer online backup market. We currently host over 30 petabytes of consumers’ data and have more than 7 million customers. That’s seven times more customers than our nearest competitor. Our Norton Online Backup product allows us to expand beyond traditional security and introduce more consumers to our trusted Norton brand. Our online backup offering is particularly valuable for netbook users who want to access their data from multiple devices and who tend to have limited local storage for high volumes of photos, music and videos.
Additionally, in the emerging markets, we are expanding our portfolio to derive growth from new markets by leveraging our recently acquired PC Tools brand and its online go-to-market channel. PC Tools allows us to seed emerging markets and new consumer segments with less expensive point products while protecting our premium Norton brand.
FISCAL 2010 PRIORITIES
I remain focused on our vision to secure and manage the world’s information. I plan to build on the great assets we have, re-allocate our investments on increasing internal innovation, improve the quality and integration of our solutions and thereby further extend our leadership position in security, backup, and storage management. We will do a better job of leveraging our installed base. By
2

improving our ability to cross sell, up sell and drive solution sales, we can offer tremendous upside for our customers and for Symantec.
For fiscal 2010, I have established four key product focus areas for our team.
Strengthen our leadership and win in security across our enterprise and consumer segments. We are the security market leader, and this year we expect to extend our lead in security. Our Norton 2009 products have earned more than 130 awards globally and we’re including leading- edge reputation-based technology that’s already getting rave reviews in the 2010 beta releases. PC Magazine called the products “record breakingly effective.” On the enterprise side, we are well on our way to regaining our traction in the industry with our security solutions, particularly with the launch of Symantec Endpoint Protection Small Business Edition and the Symantec Protection Suites in May 2009. The suites create an endpoint and messaging environment that is secure against today’s complex malware, data loss and spam threats, and is quickly recoverable in the event of failure, thereby controlling costs and managing risk. Moreover, the suites are easy to deploy and simple to use, saving customers time and costs associated with securing their IT environment. These new releases along with an increased focus on cross-selling our portfolio will allow us to accelerate our security business.
Capitalize on the migration to next generation data protection. We expect to solidify our leadership in data protection during the transition to a new generation of technologies which include disk-based backup, virtualization support, continuous data protection, and de-duplication. We expect to sell more of these next generation technologies as NetBackup 5.0 customers continue to transition to NetBackup 6.5 which enables more disk-based options. Additionally, in February 2009, we merged backup and archiving under the same business leader. We will leverage our technology strength in backup and archiving to simplify administration and reduce costs for our customers. For example, our next release of Backup Exec will have built in de-duplication and an archive option powered by Enterprise Vault.
Scale and extend our Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) business. We acquired MessageLabs, the leader in SaaS messaging security, in November 2008. Our integration is going smoothly, and we plan to utilize our existing technology and the MessageLabs platform to create new SaaS offerings to include archiving, DLP, backup, and many other services. Our goal is to offer customers the flexibility to manage their businesses using online services, onsite software, or hybrid onsite and online solutions. This is especially attractive in the current macroeconomic environment as SaaS is a delivery method that enables many companies to improve the efficiency of their IT spending.
Enable our customers to simplify their heterogeneous environments and reduce costs by helping to commoditize their IT infrastructure. The world builds proprietary stacks, whether it be HP, IBM or Cisco. This creates an opportunity for Symantec to help IT buyers commoditize that infrastructure. Buyers don’t want to be locked into any one vendor. They want to have choice. And Symantec’s competitive advantage is to provide our customers that choice. By creating software that works across any combination of hardware and operating system, we give our customers the flexibility to get the best value out of their other IT suppliers.
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
We continue to focus on corporate responsibility priorities such as Green IT and the environment, data protection and privacy, and online safety. Core business priorities such as tracking and responding to cyber attacks, providing clients with software to help them save energy and reduce carbon emissions, promoting the advancement of women in technology, and teaching parents how to keep their children safe online, speak to our commitment to social and environmental issues.
3

We made strong progress in all of our focus areas this past year. We cut our greenhouse gas emissions resulting from energy consumption by 8% from our FY08 baseline, demonstrating significant progress towards our reduction goal of 15% by FY12. We did this while launching new products and services to help our customers cut their own energy use and emissions. We joined the Business for Innovative Climate and Energy Policy (BICEP) group, which works to promote meaningful U.S. Federal energy and climate change legislation and reiterated our support for the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact. We released an innovative new offering, OnlineFamily.Norton, a first-of-its- kind web-based service that allows parents to monitor their children’s online activity. And, we are introducing new privacy safeguards to ensure that we continue to meet the increasing expectations of our stakeholders.
POSITIONED FOR SUCCESS
Symantec holds the leading position in the markets in which we operate and customers see the value of our broad portfolio of products and services. Gaining market share is important, however, because that means that we are solving customer problems and beating the competition. In addition to our core focus areas, we will not lose sight of improving execution, strengthening customer and partner loyalty, and becoming more operationally efficient. We will focus on better understanding our customers’ businesses, exercising careful cost discipline, and executing against our business model.
We’ve got a strong balance sheet, a recurring revenue model and low capital expenditure requirements, which position us well for long-term success.
Symantec is on its way to building a culture of accountability and execution. We have a strong brand and an increasingly loyal customer base that wants to see Symantec win. We will make every effort to live up to our commitments to our valued customers, partners, employees, and shareholders.
I look forward to winning in the marketplace and sharing many of our accomplishments with you.
Sincerely,
ENRIQUE SALEM
President and Chief Executive Officer
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT: This annual report contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to safe harbors under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements including words such as “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “projects,” and similar expressions. State- ments that refer to projections of our future financial performance, anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, our products and our industries, market share gains, the anticipated impacts of acquisitions, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions, based on our current expectations about future events and may not prove to be accurate. We do not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events occurring or circumstances arising after the date of this report. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and our actual results, performance, or achievements could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements on the basis of several factors, including those that we discuss under Item 1A, Risk Factors of the 10-K. We encourage you to read that section carefully.
 4
