Dear Shareholders,
Fiscal 2003 was another year of record performance for our company. We launched many exciting new products, significantly enhanced our direct sales force, and continued to aggressively promote our brand. As a result, we surpassed our target for revenue growth and earnings per share. In a year when most companies hunkered down and waited for the economy to recover, Symantec demonstrated its strengths—our diverse customer base, our broad product portfolio, and our global reach—and grew faster than the industry.
Our success is the result of the strategic path we embarked on four years ago to address the real problems customers are facing with information security: managing the growing cost and complexity of the vast array of security technologies deployed throughout their networks. Symantec’s approach of product inte- gration and enterprise-level management will help our customers lower the total cost of ownership, simplify the management of security technologies, and, for the first time, give customers a more comprehensive view of their networked security environment.
A RECORD YEAR
Our global sales team marked another year of outstanding per- formance, producing double-digit revenue growth in every region. Total revenue reached $1.4 billion and grew 31%.
Results from continuing operations or non-GAAP net income grew 40% to $280 million, excluding acquisition and restructuring charges, and earnings per diluted share grew 32% to $1.72. Deferred revenue grew 78% to $590 million, giving us the best visibility in our history. And we closed the year with over $1.7 bil- lion in cash and short-term investments.
Our investments in sales management and execution are paying real dividends on a global scale. Our continued focus on reaching customers where they want to buy delivered significant returns allowing our electronic distribution sales to grow 214%. And, in the face of challenging global economies, the momentum of our international business units increased throughout the year with Europe, Middle East and Africa growing 42%.
Our consumer segment was the year’s star performer, rising 52% to surpass even our wildest expectations. We focused on maintaining market leadership, expanding our go-to-market strat- egy, and delivering award-winning products. Our consumer devel-
opment team shipped 20 products in 18 languages and 900 OEM builds in 20 languages. Sales of our integrated product suite, Norton Internet SecurityTM, grew 101%—proof that consumers are choosing our brand, and the confidence it provides to protect their “always-on” Internet connections.
We posted a number of significant competitive wins and continued to gain market share in the enterprise segments. Enterprise security grew 30%, accounting for 42% of total rev- enues. Antivirus solutions grew 33%, well ahead of the industry. And non-antivirus enterprise security solutions posted solid growth of 21%, with accelerating momentum throughout the year.
NEW GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES
We view security as a continuum—from early warning to protec- tion to rapid response and overall management. More of our customers are starting to understand and agree with this view. As many of them have experienced, a few days’ or even a few hours’ advance warning of an emerging threat can prevent a possible disastrous network attack.
 GAAP
non-GAAP
              99 00 01 02 03
Revenue (millions)
Reconciliations of GAAP and non-GAAP measures may be found on the inside cover of this annual report
2 Symantec 2003
$593
$632
$746
$827
$854
$944
$1,071
$1,071
$1,407
$1,407

 GAAP
non-GAAP
             99 00 01 02 03
Net Income (Loss) (millions)
Reconciliations of GAAP and non-GAAP measures may be found on the inside cover of this annual report
In the process of implementing our integrated security strat- egy, we acquired four companies during the year to round out our product portfolio.
With the acquisition of SecurityFocus, we provide the most complete, proactive security alerting service across the broadest range of threats. Our team now monitors nearly 20,000 network sensors across 180 countries.
Our acquisition of Recourse Technologies brings next- generation network intrusion protection capability into our product portfolio, and offers customers significant performance and detection enhancements. We booked the largest deal in the history of ManHuntTM with the Navy Marine Corps intranet project, and won competitive engagements against all other vendors.
In response to customer requests for less complex, fully integrated security solutions, we introduced two category- defining, integrated products. SymantecTM Client Security gained momentum in all regions and key vertical markets. This integrated client-tier solution delivers great value to our customers, and gives us an opportunity to capture additional revenue from exist- ing relationships.
Our SymantecTM Gateway Security appliance also gained trac- tion, particularly in small- to medium-sized enterprises and remote offices of larger corporations. VeriTest recently gave it high marks as an easy-to-use, cost-effective tool for securing network gateways.
In October 2002, we introduced the SymantecTM Security Management System, which provides an open, standards-based approach to connect security solutions across the enterprise network. SymantecTM Enterprise Security Architecture provides the building blocks to deliver an open security platform that is more robust, yet simpler to manage. We integrated the correlation technology acquired from Mountain Wave with the release of SymantecTM Incident Manager 2.0.
In growing numbers, customers are recognizing the value
of outsourcing the monitoring and management of their network environment to a team of true security professionals. With the acquisition of Riptech, Symantec became the leading provider
of managed security services. We’ve kept our commitment to pro- tect customers’ existing investment by managing the broadest range of security sensors being deployed in more than 600 cus- tomer networks worldwide.
  GAAP
non-GAAP
             99 00 01 02 03
Earnings (Loss) per Diluted Share
Reconciliations of GAAP and non-GAAP measures may be found on the inside cover of this annual report
 Symantec 2003 3
($0.20)
$0.43
$0.47
$0.67
$0.94
$1.17
$1.37
$1.30
$1.54
$1.72
($28)
$50
$64
$98
$143
$170
$184
$201
$248
$280

INVESTING IN OUR FUTURE
We continue to invest in systems development and support to maintain our leadership in security, while improving our opera- tional flexibility.
We strengthened our comprehensive channel model, which spans from local resellers to some of the largest global systems integrators. We enhanced our education, certification, and product training programs to help our partners build their businesses. Regardless of our partners’ size, we recognize and reward them for the important role they play in helping us win business.
Throughout the year, we made investments in e-commerce, sales management, and enterprise marketing. We enhanced our online lead management and technical support tracking. We restructured our sales force to improve enterprise selling and technical engineering skills.
Above all, it is the dedication and skill of our 4,344 employ- ees in 36 countries that enables us to thrive in a challenging busi- ness environment. Our people make me proud every single day.
As a testament to the strength of our team and our brand, Information Security named Symantec to its “Influence List,” recognizing us for having the greatest impact on the security market over the next five years.
As proud as we are about the past year, we are even more excited about Symantec’s future. Our goal for fiscal 2004 is to continue serving customer needs while reshaping the competitive landscape.
In the consumer arena, we will grow our base of individual users and accelerate our expansion into the small business mar- ket. We plan to introduce a new anti-spam product, and release new versions of all of our award-winning products this fall. The result should be a healthy 20% growth for the year.
On the enterprise side, we continue to enhance and expand our product portfolio to address the evolving threat environment.
We will maintain our focus on delivering strong integrated solu- tions, enhanced manageability, and more comprehensive intrusion protection. And we will continue to extend our antivirus footprint around the world.
I believe we have everything we need for Symantec to con- tinue to be the leader in Internet security. By emphasizing solid revenue and earnings growth, strong cash flow from operating activities, and growth in deferred revenue, we can fund our future. These factors, coupled with the innovation and creativity of our team, will be important competitive differentiators. I am confident that with the strong performance of our core business and our many new opportunities for growth, Symantec will continue to deliver increasing value to our shareholders in the days ahead.
John W. Thompson
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
  4 Symantec 2003
