Dear Fellow Shareholders:
I’m thrilled with how the Symantec team executed this year and proud of the great work done by our talented and engaged employees. I’m also pleased that we were able to run the company and deliver solid results while changing the company to improve our ability to create long-term shareholder value.
Fiscal 2013 was the start of a major transformation for Symantec.
We focused on developing our long-term strategy to drive organic growth, functionalized the organization to break down silos and eliminate redundancies in addition to improving our focus and capabilities in marketing, product management, and development.
We expanded the scope of our sales leaders in each geography and have
them reporting directly to me. This will help us become a global company that
better leverages our size and scale while being more locally responsive to better serve customers and partners. We also began planning for the simplification of our management structure in fiscal 2014 to make us more agile and competitive in the future.
OUR VISION & STRATEGY
The Symantec 4.0 strategy is targeted to consistently deliver better than 5% organic revenue growth and greater than 30% non-GAAP operating margins within the next 2-3 years. Starting with a blank sheet of paper, we analyzed our opportunities and capabilities. We developed a strategy that will establish leadership in an evolving information-centric world. Our strategy is based on identifying and delivering security and information management solutions that solve large unmet or underserved customer needs better than anybody else and building competitive advantage.
The three pillars of our strategy include developing innovative offerings, redefining our go-to- market strategy to drive excellence, and building the people, process, and technology infrastructure to make Symantec the best it can be in both the short and long-term.
Offerings
With data exploding at exponential rates and the evolving sophistication of attacks, we need to think of innovative ways to secure and manage valuable information. Hence, we developed a three-pronged approach to our offering strategy:
1. Manage our existing point solutions as a portfolio and reallocate resources to the offerings with the largest growth opportunity: We will differentiate our investments based on the opportunity for individual solutions to drive sustainable growth. We combined some offering teams to drive better focus and eliminate redundancies of both people and technology. This effort freed up additional resources to fund higher growth opportunities.
2. Deliver innovative new offerings that leverage technologies throughout Symantec to solve important customer problems: We evaluated over 300 ideas through a rigorous set of market criteria, deep technical assessment, our ability to win in the market, as well as the investment required against the potential 3-5 year returns. As a result, we identified 10 new offerings that will provide comprehensive solutions and power faster growth when we bring them to market over the next couple of years.
3. Deliver innovative new offerings through partnerships with key industry leaders: Integrate our capabilities with their capabilities to solve even broader and larger customer problems. We are excited about the opportunities that have come out of this effort and expect multiple announcements of new partnerships that will deliver real value for customers in fiscal 2014 and beyond.
  1

Go-To-Market
We are in the process of significantly changing our go-to-market (GTM) plans in order to improve both the effectiveness and efficiency of our sales and marketing. We are upgrading the talent and capability of both our marketing and sales organizations. The key highlights are the following:
1. Sales force focus on new license: We will separate the renewals sales process from
the new license sales process by creating a field sales force focused and compensated on generating new business only. We will have a sales force of hunters versus a combination of hunters and farmers.
2. New renewals team: We will create a centrally managed renewals team that will focus exclusively on this important revenue stream. This is a large opportunity to improve the value we deliver for customers as our previous approach was both high cost and low quality relative to peer benchmarks.
3. Sales force specialization: We will reorganize our field sales force into two specialized roles, one focused on information security and the other on information management. This concept has been well received by both customers and our sales force as the focus will drive deeper product expertise and improve our execution.
4. New channel strategy: Finally, we are completely revamping our channel strategy to better align our offerings with the optimal route to market and our channel partners’ capability. We will align the economics and incentives based on the value created by the partner and expect this will result in fewer, more focused, and successful partners.
People, Process, and Technology Infrastructure
Having the right strategy is critical to any company’s success, but value is created through execution. In order to dramatically improve the quality, consistency, and efficiency of our execution we are focused on a few key things:
1. Simplify: We believe there is a large opportunity to simplify many customer and partner facing aspects of our company to become much less complex and easier to do business with.
2. Streamline: We’ve eliminated middle management and removed some redundancies across the organization to improve our responsiveness and decision making.
3. WorkSmart: We are implementing a concept we are calling WorkSmart. In simple terms,
this is about choosing the work we do wisely and then working hard every day to improve how we do that work through a rigorous focus on people, process, and technology. We believe WorkSmart will unleash the energy of our team and empower our employees from top to bottom to do the right thing for customers and partners which will help us both accelerate growth and improve margins.
FISCAL 2013 FINANCIAL REVIEW
Our combination of focus and discipline enabled us to deliver record financial results even during this time of significant transition. We achieved organic revenue growth of 3%, the highest in 3 years, driven by strength in our enterprise backup, information security, and endpoint security offerings.
•• GAAP revenue of $6.9 billion grew 5% in constant currency from the previous year.
•• Non-GAAP1 operating margin decreased by 10 basis points to 25.5%.
•• Non-GAAP earnings per share of $1.76 grew 8%.
•• GAAP deferred revenue posted a record $4 billion, up 3% in constant currency, driven by our sales mix shift to subscriptions.
•• Cash flow from operations was $1.6 billion, down 16% driven by reduced collections due to weak billings at the end of the March 2012 quarter as well as higher cost of goods sold, restructuring costs, and cash tax payments.
1Non-GAAP results are reconciled to GAAP on page 4
  2

•• We demonstrated our commitment to returning excess cash to shareholders by repurchasing 49 million shares of our stock for $826 million at an average share price of $16.98, reducing common stock outstanding by 7%, or a net 3.7% after adjusting for stock compensation.
We also announced our enhanced capital allocation strategy that over time is expected to return approximately 50% of free cash flow to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases while still enabling the company to invest in its future. Even as the stock price appreciated between the announcement of our capital strategy and the first dividend payment, we set the first dividend at an amount in line with the 2.5% yield target.
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
We are committed to integrating social, environmental and governance programs into our business. In fiscal 2013, we focused on issues within three areas: Our People, The World, and Your Information. We renewed our commitment to employees by creating a strategy to become a great place to work and a high performing organization. The representation of women in management increased for the first time from 25% to 27%. Employees became even more engaged in the community, logging a 41% increase in recorded volunteer hours from the year ago period.
We continue to recognize the importance of managing our resources, partnering with our communities, and investing for the future. The expansion of our environmental management system has improved our ability to reduce our environmental impacts. Half of our philanthropic investments support partnerships in the area of education, with a focus on youth science, technology, engineering, and math programs. In addition, we leverage our unique capabilities to provide education and tools to help protect your online experiences. More information is available online at www.symantec.com/corporate_responsibility.
THE OPPORTUNITIES AHEAD
In fiscal 2014, we are laying the foundation for people, processes, and infrastructure capabilities to effectively scale our business for the long-term. This foundation, along with our strong assets and enormous opportunities, will help us transition from being device-centric, protecting endpoints and the data center, to having a broader focus of protecting and managing digital information. I’ve never seen such a target rich environment with so many large unmet, underserved customer needs in markets that are already growing 8-10%, according to IDC reports.
Individuals, businesses, and countries are using new ways to access their digital information as the world is moving into an era of the “Internet of Things” with connected devices touching nearly every aspect of our lives. This is creating new opportunities for us to develop products and services which address mobile devices, web services, web platforms, and the emerging software defined data center and network. Our unmatched technology assets, strong brand, ability to serve customers from individual consumers to very large enterprises and governments plus our capability to lead an ecosystem of deep partnerships, uniquely positions us to take advantage of these emerging trends.
I’m confident we have the right team in place to execute our multi-year roadmaps and implement our critical go-to-market changes. The commitment and dedication of our employees coupled with the unique market opportunities make me optimistic that we can achieve our goals in fiscal 2014 and beyond.
We appreciate the support we’ve received from our shareholders and hope you are as excited about our prospects as we are.
Regards,
Steve Bennett
President and Chief Executive Officer
  3
