symantec 2001__01
  dear fellow shareholders, From the boardroom to the living room, Internet security is one of today’s hottest topics. IT executives and home PC users alike worry about destructive e-mail viruses, data theft, website disruption, privacy violations and the many other hazards of
life in a networked world.
With the acquisition of AXENT Technologies in fiscal 2001, Symantec now has the breadth and scope necessary to help organizations and individuals around the world deal with every type of security threat. We currently offer the industry’s widest range of Internet security solutions and services, and our security response capability is second to none.
In fiscal 2001, Symantec achieved record pro forma results. Sales grew to $944.2 million, net income grew 29% to $184.2 million and earnings per diluted share grew 25% to $2.35. Our execution was strong around the world, with 43% of our sales coming from outside North America. We expanded our global reach to 37 countries. Our enterprise revenue grew 21% year-over-year, accounting for 64% of our total revenues, and all our consumer products maintained market leadership positions.
As a result of hard work by the entire Symantec team, we’ve been able to dramatically grow our enterprise business while still holding our own in a tough consumer market. Without the contributions of everyone at Symantec, our
accomplishments in 2001 would not have been possible. We also value the support of our customers and business partners worldwide.
I believe when customers choose a security partner, their decision comes down to four key factors: technology, services, response and, most important, trust. Although many security companies can meet one or two of these requirements, few are able to satisfy them all. Symantec’s enhanced ability to deliver on the first three means we’re better able to achieve the fourth . . . our customers’ trust.
In the future, the top company in the security industry will be the one with the expertise and resources to deal with the increasing number and complexity of security threats. I’m convinced Symantec is uniquely positioned as the security partner of choice for enterprises, service providers, smaller businesses and individuals. In fact, one thing that sets Symantec apart is our dedication to serving both enterprise and individual customers.

symantec 2001__02
With more than 100 million users around the world alert- ing us to new viruses and security threats, our enterprise customers can take advantage of an unparalleled early warning system.
In addition, Symantec offers the broadest array of products and services of any security vendor—including virus protec- tion, intrusion detection, vulnerability management, content filtering and firewall/VPN (virtual private network) solu- tions, as well as managed security and professional services. Backing up this impressive portfolio is a global, industry- leading response team that constantly monitors networks, identifies threats, alerts customers and delivers fixes.
Our products continue to garner honors. Symantec AntiVirusTM was named a “Must Have” product by PC World. Symantec PowerVPNTM received a Business Impact award from InfoWorld. And our Norton AntiVirusTM, Norton SystemWorksTM and Norton GhostTM products for small businesses and individuals swept the PC Magazine Editor’s Choice awards.
Our VelociRaptorTM firewall appliance won the Network Magazine Product of the Year award in the firewall category, which we expect to be an important growth area. Based
on independent third-party tests, Symantec Enterprise FirewallTM solution outperformed its leading competitor in speed. It’s no wonder our security solutions are used by 48 of the Fortune 50 companies to protect their most valuable information assets.
Another anticipated growth area is security appliances, plug-and-play hardware and software that’s easy to use and manage. Joining our award-winning VelociRaptor firewall this year will be several other security appliances designed to protect small businesses and enterprise branch offices. Later in the year, we also plan to extend our lead
in the host-based intrusion detection area by integrating network- and host-based intrusion detection.
When I talk with our large enterprise customers, they tell me they’re looking for a security partner for the long haul. A partner that is financially sound. And one that delivers rock-solid security products that work at all levels of the network—gateway, server and desktop—and can be man- aged from a single point with common tools. Finally, they want a partner with a globally based response capability.
We’ve built strong relationships in the enterprise sector by helping a number of large companies protect their networks: DaimlerChryslerTM, BMW®, Morgan StanleyTM, Wisconsin
Power Company, Xerox® Europe, and Ford®, just to name
a few. The U.S. Navy/Marine Corps intranet will soon be secured by a full spectrum of Symantec products. What’s more, our highly scalable CarrierScanTM software safeguards many of the world’s largest service providers, including Yahoo!® and its millions of e-mail users.
For organizations that want to outsource their security services, Symantec has established Security Operation Centers in Epsom, U.K., and San Antonio, Texas. These centers offer enterprise-level intrusion detection and response, Internet vulnerability management, security policy development, and firewall and VPN management. Additionally, our Professional Services group provides large customers with risk assessment, policy development and audit compliance expertise.
Symantec is renowned for fast response to virus emergencies. As part of the new Symantec Security ResponseTM organiza- tion, our intrusion experts, security engineers and virus hunters work together to provide comprehensive coverage around the clock. Our LiveUpdateTM technology delivers new virus protection signatures to millions of customers every week. Furthermore, this proven response technology will soon be used to augment our intrusion detection and vul- nerability management products—a first in the industry.
Fiscal 2001 was a foundation-building year for Symantec’s enterprise business and a year of continued success for us in the global consumer market. However, we know we have much more to accomplish. And we also know that uncertain economic conditions will likely make our jobs more chal- lenging in the coming year. But I’m confident we’re on the right track, and I want to thank you for your support.
John W. Thompson
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
 