T O

O U R

S H A R E H O L D E RS

Gordon E. Eubanks, Jr.

Fiscal 1996 marked an important and successful year for Symantec. As one of the preeminent software companies in the world, we continued to play a major role in helping to shape the rapidly changing personal computer market. During the past 12 months, we took action on several fronts to ensure that we maintain the leadership positions of our products within the industry: first, we restructured several of our own internal business processes to better serve customer, employee, and industry expectations; second, we introduced and implemented tightly focused product strategies in high-growth segments of the market; and third, we acquired Delrina Corporation to enhance our presence in the rapidly expanding communications market. While these investments in products, procedures, and new markets contributed to our overall revenue growth for the year, we experienced lower-than-anticipated financial results. Nevertheless, we firmly believe that the growth we are now seeing in several key product areas validated actions and strategies implemented throughout the year. With record revenues of $116.0 million in the quarter ended March 31, 1996, our revenues for fiscal year 1996 totaled $445.4 million, compared with $431.3 million for fiscal 1995. During the year, we recorded nonrecurring charges of $27.6 million, principally related to the acquisition of Delrina Corporation. The net loss for the year, after acquisition and other nonrecurring expenses, was $0.76 per share. Excluding one-time charges and Delrina preacquisition losses, our operations showed a profit of $35.3 million.

Models of efficiency. A good company seeks every opportunity to improve its business processes, and Symantec in fiscal 1996 identified two areas in which focused, measured restructuring resulted in greatly streamlined and more highly-effective operations. The first of these changes was to give a greater measure of autonomy to our business units. This new arrangement, in which each group is responsible for product definition and strategy­as well as profit and loss­has fostered a healthy sense of interdependence, as each group is encouraged to share

ideas and leverage the experiences of the others. Any such large-scale change is difficult, of course, but we are already seeing a greater synergy of effort across disciplines, better financial performance, and not least, the growth of our people in new and satisfying ways. To help us better support our customers around the world, we also reorganized our sales force from what was essentially a domestic/international model to one that more accurately segments our markets into Europe, the Americas, Asia/Pacific, and Japan. This new model allows us greater flexibility and focus in understanding the different needs of our many and diverse customers, and enables us to be more responsive in supplying them with the products and solutions they require.

Growing markets, growing success. In keeping with our strategy of providing users with best-of-breed products in high-growth categories, Symantec focused on several areas in fiscal 1996 that promised especially attractive opportunities. In November 1995, for example, we completed the acquisition of Delrina Corporation. As customers for Delrina's and Symantec's products had complementary needs, this strategic acquisition provided a merging of resources that now gives us an extremely strong, unified presence in the burgeoning communications arena. By far the most visible product event of the past year was the Company's launch of Windows 95specific utility products in conjunction with Microsoft's introduction of that operating system in August 1995. To help make the migration to Windows 95 as seamless as possible for users, Symantec undertook the most ambitious internal product and marketing development effort in the Company's history. Under the theme "From Day One," we began working in 1993 with Microsoft and our reseller and end-user partners to develop software that would complement and enhance the new operating system. In March 1995, a full five months before the Windows 95 launch, we released a highly successful preview version of our Norton Utilities for Windows 95 software. And on August 28th, two weeks before the operating system's worldwide debut, our Norton Utilities, Norton AntiVirus, and Norton Navigator products were available in 6 languages.

In the area of network utilities, we redoubled our efforts to understand the special needs of our corporate customers. This led us to commit additional resources to those products that have demonstrated success in this segment, such as our Norton Administrator for Networks. In fiscal 1996, the Company reconfigured this product into easier-to-use, easier-to-deploy management suites and acquired technology that enabled us to add to our offerings. In addition, we entered into strategic relationships with such companies as Hewlett-Packard, Mitsui, Computer Associates, and Cheyenne to provide our customers with complete network management solutions. At the beginning of fiscal year 1997, we acquired Fast Track, Inc., to provide a server management component to these solutions.

New products, new opportunities. During the year, we also introduced our Symantec Café for Windows and Macintosh, the first comprehensive development environment for building Web applets based on Sun's Java programming language. As a programmer myself, I am particularly gratified to see the success of this product, as it enables developers to build useful, creative applications for this dynamic new platform. We intend to sustain this early presence in the Internet arena with continuing enhancements to Café, as well as, in the longer term, with Internet-enabled components for many of our applications. Finally, in fiscal 1996 we explored and focused on a market that represents the most exciting new opportunity Symantec has yet encountered: that of the home and small-office computer user. With computing becoming ever more accepted and pervasive, we are witnessing a true sea change in the way that people relate to the information all around them ­the way they locate it, the way they access it, and the way they adapt it to their purposes. With this new paradigm has come a growing need to educate people on how to get the most from their investments in technology, while at the same time protect themselves against the kind of troubles ­some routine, some serious­that are part of the computing experience. To accomplish this, over the past 12 months we devoted a significant portion of our marketing efforts to better explaining the benefits of products such as Norton Utilities and Norton AntiVirus to this new user. As the PC begins to fulfill its promise of becoming a household appliance ­in a truly mass market­ Symantec is committed to giving customers the tools they need to be in total control of their computing

experience. We're gratified with the success that our products and system solutions have enjoyed in the market during the past year. Each product has been re-evaluated from the consumer's viewpoint, to ensure that it delivers exactly what our users want and need ­whether those users are tried-and-true Symantec loyalists or brand-new, somewhat-wary, first-time computer buyers. These efforts to understand our customers, even as their needs evolve in today's dynamic PC market, have always been a hallmark of our Company and will continue to drive our development efforts.

Goals for 1997. This year, we have set ambitious goals for the Company. Far from resting on the laurels of being a successful, $400 million company, we want to aggressively grow our organization to the next level. This means focusing our efforts in several key areas: maintaining and developing our market leadership in such emerging segments as home computing and the Internet; becoming a more global corporation through an increased understanding of our partners' and customers' needs around the world; and continuing to improve our operational effectiveness using advanced technologies, organizational efficiencies, and the talents of bright, motivated people. I look forward to reporting to you on our progress throughout what promises to be an exciting year ahead. And as always, I thank you for your ongoing support.

Sincerely,

Gordon E. Eubanks, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer

The following Report contains forward looking statements that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There are several important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results and percentages and results anticipated by the forward looking statements contained in this Report. Readers should pay particular attention to the risk factors described in the section of this Report entitled "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" Readers should carefully review the risk factors described in the other documents the Company files from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed by Symantec Corporation on June 26, 1996.

