DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS,
Fiscal 2008 was a very successful year for Symantec, as demonstrated by our solid performance against key financial metrics. In addition to strong revenue and earnings growth, we also achieved significant deferred revenue and cash flow generation results.
We believe we are positioned for even stronger performance in fiscal year 2009 based on three key strategic pillars:
• A Clear Growth Path. Symantec’s strategy — to secure and manage our customers’ infor- mation-driven world — positions us to leverage existing strengths into new opportunities, while also capitalizing on emerging industry growth needs.
• Delivering on the Promise of Innovation. Symantec is successfully innovating through a combination of organic development, strategic acquisitions, and strong technology partnerships.
• Day-In, Day-Out Execution. Symantec’s focus on execution is clearly demonstrated by our internal actions and our ongoing financial results.
2008 — A SOLID YEAR
Throughout fiscal year 2008, we made significant progress towards our goal of cross-selling and up-selling an expanded portfolio of Symantec’s products and services to both new and existing customers. In addition, important adjustments made in our sales and marketing programs, as well as improved execution, fueled more than 1,500 large deals during the year.
We fortified our position at the endpoint with the addition of Altiris and Vontu. The combination of Symantec and Altiris allows our customers to better manage and enforce security policies at the endpoint, identify and protect against threats, remediate vulnerabilities, and manage valuable IT assets. With Vontu, we give our customers the ability to determine what data they should protect and how they should protect it. These transactions represent a natural extension of our security strategy — that the most secure endpoint is a well managed endpoint.
We launched innovative new products in segments of the market where we already hold strong leadership positions. For example, we added disk based backup to our market leading data protection products and introduced enterprise storage management to our foundation platform, enabling more efficient use of storage resources. We also created a single software agent for addressing multiple security threats on the enterprise endpoint. Lastly, we introduced online backup to both consumers and enterprises. In total, we exited the fiscal year with the strongest product portfolio we’ve ever had.
A strong product portfolio, however, will deliver less value if we don’t focus on the fundamentals to successfully manage the business. The operational improvements made throughout the year should yield better bottom-line performance. I’m pleased to report that we were able to better manage our cost structure and delivered on our long-term objective of improving operating margins by 100 basis points per year. Symantec secures and manages the information-driven worldagainstmorerisksatmorepoints,morecompletelyandefficientlythananyothercompany.
1

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
In Fiscal 2008, we achieved both record revenue and earnings per share. Non-GAAP revenue1 grew 13% to more than $5.93 billion, generating non-GAAP earnings per share1 of $1.27. Non- GAAP deferred revenue1 grew 12% to nearly $3.1 billion and we generated cash flow from operating activities of $1.8 billion, up 9% compared to Fiscal 2007. Given the recurring nature of our business model, deferred revenue and cash flow from operations are important metrics in measuring the overall strength of our business.
During the year, we continued to demonstrate our commitment to creating shareholder value by repurchasing a total of $1.5 billion of our common stock.
WELL POSITIONED FOR FISCAL 2009
We entered the new fiscal year with a strong sales pipeline and we are well positioned for continued success. During this fiscal year we intend to leverage our core strengths in security, storage, and data protection to accelerate growth in high potential areas, up sell new functionalities and drive incremental business. Specifically, we plan to grow our core business franchises at or above market growth rates to continue fueling our cash flow, scale our high-growth businesses to contribute materially to our top-line revenue growth, and seed emerging growth to keep us relevant in the long run. In addition, we plan to exceed market growth rates in the fastest growing international markets and use mergers and acquisitions to complement our product portfolio growth.
Several areas of focus this fiscal year should further strengthen our operating returns:
• Weplananumberofkeyproductintroductionsduringtheyear,buildinguponourrichportfolio of products and services.
• We will leverage the new technologies and businesses we have successfully acquired across our portfolio.
• We are refocusing our spending toward higher growth areas while we continue to improve operating returns. We will capitalize on emerging industry growth trends such as data loss prevention, endpoint virtualization, Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) and consumer services.
Data Loss Prevention (DLP). Our acquisition of Vontu expanded Symantec’s presence in the rapidly growing data loss prevention market and provided us with clear market leadership and product functionality at all tiers: the network, storage and endpoint, all managed from a central console. To complement our DLP capability, Symantec is partnering with Guardian Edge to deliver proven endpoint encryption products. Both DLP and endpoint encryption are key com- ponents in helping customers protect valuable information that resides on laptops and desktops. We see excellent opportunities to broaden the distribution of our DLP and encryption products, particularly in international markets, and to integrate these capabilities with several of our key products including mail security and archiving.
Endpoint Virtualization. New technologies, like virtualization, are evolving to enable more efficient management and flexible use of servers and endpoints. Symantec’s application virtualization technology is changing the way software is managed, delivered and consumed
1 Non-GAAP results are reconciled to GAAP results on page 5. 2
  
at the endpoint. Over time, as endpoints evolve to incorporate a range of computing and delivery models — local or streamed applications within physical or virtual desktops — Symantec will provide solutions that support and manage this complexity. Our recent acquisition of AppStream, whose capabilities are already incorporated into our Software Virtualization Services products, builds on our endpoint management and virtualization portfolio.
Software-as-a-Service. In mid-February, we launched two services from the Symantec Protection Network, which is our new Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) business designed to provide small- and medium-sized customers with a suite of online data protection and security solutions. Symantec Online Backup provides data protection services for servers, desktops and laptops online, while Symantec Online Storage for Backup Exec provides a disaster recovery service for mid-sized customers. These solutions are designed to provide best-in-class protection for our customers’ mission critical business data. We expect to deliver additional SaaS offerings in areas where we have market-leading products such as endpoint security, archiving and messaging.
Consumer Services. We will continue to expand our market leadership in the consumer business by introducing innovative products and services. We are driving incremental revenue per customer as they migrate from point products to suites and begin consuming value added services such as our expert installation, system checks and PC performance tune-up offering. Customer feedback has been strong and we believe that our consumer services will underpin our growth objective for the business this year.
We are additionally focused on meeting our stakeholder’s expectations for continued leadership in good governance; the greening of IT; and advocacy for privacy, data protection, and online safety. These priorities, along with other areas of corporate responsibility such as our work to promote employee diversity and our outreach to local communities, go beyond “nice to have” initiatives. Rather, they are intertwined with our core business objectives and can have a real and significant impact on financial performance and our company’s long-term success in the market.
We have taken several important steps this past year to advance our corporate responsibility performance. The Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board of Directors amended its charter to include oversight of corporate responsibility issues. We completed our first global greenhouse gas inventory in preparation for setting carbon dioxide reduction targets. We are using our products internally to reduce energy consumption and assisting our customers in reducing their own energy needs. We adopted the Calvert Women’s Principles and reiterated our support for the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact. These actions, and many more, speak to our commitment to larger social and environmental issues. We are eager to continue this work and invite our stakeholders to partner with us.
CONFIDENCE IN OUR FUTURE
In closing, let me underscore my confidence in our business and our future. Symantec is a great company with superb brands and a very talented team. More than ever, our customers and partners look to Symantec to help them secure and manage their information across the full spectrum of information technology platforms. In the face of an ever changing technological landscape, we are confident that our business is well-positioned as we enter the new fiscal year. We look forward to delivering on those expectations and have no doubt we will succeed.
  3

On behalf of the Board, I sincerely thank our employees for another year of tremendous effort — and corresponding results. I also extend our gratitude to our partners and customers for their loyalty to Symantec. Finally, I thank our stockholders for their support as Symantec continues to grow and evolve in the global marketplace.
Sincerely,
JOHN W. THOMPSON
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
  4
