 DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS,
During fiscal 2010, businesses and consumers alike tightened their IT budgets, looked to extract more value from current resources, and were forced to do more with less. This worldwide reduction in IT spending, as you can imagine, impacted both our enterprise and consumer businesses. However, some measure of stabilization in the marketplace and improved execution by the Symantec team generated solid financial results during the second half of our fiscal year. Our consumer business grew each quarter throughout the year despite the impact of the global economy — a testament to the strength of our Norton franchise and our superior security and backup solutions. While we expect the global recovery to be gradual, we are committed to building on the momentum we have recently built.
Throughout the year, we took a disciplined approach to creating high quality, integrated solutions in order to solve customers’ complex problems. The consumer and enterprise products we offer are more capable and valuable to our customers than ever. The integration of our storage and security technologies allows us to create unique offerings that meet the needs of customers in ways that our competition cannot match. During the past year, we also improved the way we manage customer accounts, review sales opportunities, and allocate resources to enhance sales productivity. As a result, revenue tied to cross-selling and up-selling our product portfolio has increased. I believe that the advances we made in fiscal 2010 have set us up for a successful fiscal 2011.
FINANCIAL RESULTS
During fiscal 2010, revenue declined 3% to $6.0 billion, generating non-GAAP1 earnings per share of $1.49. We finished the year with deferred revenue of $3.2 billion, an increase of 5%, indicative of our positive momentum and stabilization in our markets. We generated cash flow from operating activities of $1.7 billion, a portion of which was used to repurchase 34 million of our shares for $553 million. During the year, the board authorized a new $1 billion share repurchase program and we exited the year with $747 million remaining in the program. We remain committed to returning value to shareholders through stock buybacks.
FISCAL 2010 ACCOMPLISHMENTS
When I assumed the role of President and CEO in April 2009, I outlined a clear set of priorities for our executive team. As I look back over the year, I am proud of what we have accomplished.
We strengthened our leadership in security. Our Norton 2010 consumer products, released in September 2009, are receiving numerous accolades around the world, with more than 130 awards to date. Our new, internally developed reputation based security technology is one of many contributors to the success we are experiencing in our consumer business. This revolutionary capability leverages data from millions of participating Norton users to warn customers of dangerous files or programs before they are downloaded. Delivering high quality products enhanced our ability to attract and retain more consumers. We now have more than 135 million consumers using our products — an increase of 13% year over year. We improved our customer retention rate by 30% boosting the average life of a Norton customer to more than four years. We expanded product distribution through our multi-channel strategy. Our products are shipping on 60% of global consumer Windows-based PC’s. We increased the number of ISP’s we work with by 33% and we realized growth in retail bookings despite a challenging macroeconomic backdrop. We also launched a new in-house eCommerce platform to enhance customers’ end-to-end experience and capitalize on emerging market trends.
During the past year, we enhanced our focus on suites, rather than point products, across our enterprise security portfolio. This is making it easier for our customers to benefit from a range of our security technologies in an integrated and straightforward way. As a result, we are capturing
1 Non-GAAP results are reconciled to GAAP results on page 5. 1

increased mindshare with Chief Information Security Officers (CISOs) and closing larger security deals. We also made progress in enterprise security with the release of solutions specifically designed for small and medium sized businesses. These solutions provide enterprise-level protec- tion that is easy to use, install, and manage. In March 2010, we launched Data Insight, a new solution that combines our storage and security expertise. Data Insight improves information security and management by analyzing the ownership and usage of unstructured data, including files such as documents, spreadsheets, and emails. By delivering integrated products and suites to our security and storage customers, we are able to maximize the value of our broad product portfolio. For example, in the March 2010 quarter, 49% of deals worth more than $1 million included both security and storage products.
We focused on the migration to next-generation information management. With the release of NetBackup 7 and Backup Exec 2010 in February 2010, backup customers across all market segments have access to products with fully integrated archiving and deduplication capabilities. Symantec is the only company that offers integrated deduplication at the client, media server, and on third party appliances utilizing Symantec’s Open Storage Technology. Customers and partners are responding positively and are pleased with the expanded multi-platform support for physical and virtual environments. By integrating deduplication, archiving, and virtualization support fea- tures into our backup products, we have made it easier for customers to adopt and standardize on our solutions.
We expanded our Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) business. We generated growth in our hosted services business, driven by the successful integration of the MessageLabs acquisition. We grew our SaaS client base by more than 50% to more than 30,000 in 100 countries. During the March 2010 quarter, 40% of our hosted services deals came from referrals driven by our Symantec salesforce. I’ve been pleased by our ability to leverage the larger Symantec enterprise sales force to drive incremental SaaS sales. Partners selling our hosted services exceed 1,100 — an over 200% increase from when we acquired MessageLabs. In addition, we expanded our SaaS product offering to include instant messaging security and hosted endpoint protection.
We enabled our customers to simplify their heterogeneous environments and reduce costs by helping to commoditize their IT infrastructure. Our ability to save customers money through storage optimization and operational efficiency continues to allow us access to CIOs across the globe, a strategic entry point to cross-sell the portfolio. In December 2009, we released an updated version of Storage Foundation and our High Availability suite. Customers are utilizing our key features to implement thin provisioning, which dramatically reduces wasted storage, and to optimize solid state drives, which maximizes application and database performance. We also released our new FileStore solution to help customers manage the rapid growth of unstructured information. FileStore combines our file system and clustering technology, as well as integrating our security and backup software in order to deliver an optimized infrastructure for public or private storage clouds.
I’m excited about the advances we made during fiscal 2010 and the impact we made in solving the challenges our customers are facing. We will continue to build on these successes to bring advanced solutions that not only solve the problems of today, but those of tomorrow.
SYMANTEC’S VISION
We envision a world that is secure and well managed. However, the future is not about devices or applications, it is about people and information. Our goal is to be the leader in securing and managing their information and identities.
Protecting and managing information when in use, at rest, and in motion is critical in today’s world. People expect the freedom to work from anywhere, to use any device, and to use any application to collaborate with others. Traditionally, our security and storage products largely protect and manage information when in use or at rest — on the device or in the data center. We kicked off fiscal year 2011 with a focus on encryption and identity security to strengthen our ability to address the growing need of protecting information in motion.
To protect information in motion you not only need to encrypt it, but you also need to know where or to whom the information is going. We acquired PGP Corporation and GuardianEdge
2

Technologies to protect information through data encryption. By integrating PGP’s key manage- ment platform into Symantec’s enterprise security management console, customers will be able to more seamlessly protect and manage access to information. Our recent acquisition of VeriSign’s security business allows us to enter the user and business authentication market and expand identity security to both consumers and the enterprise. By bringing together Symantec, the leader in online security with VeriSign, the leader in online trust, we can leverage our combined worldwide distribution network and footprint on more than 1 billion systems to deliver a safe, secure and hassle-free connected experience.
Whenever you are connected to the Internet, whether at home or at work, we want you to be able to trust that your information is available and secure. Symantec will be the company that will make that happen; we will be your single source of trust.
FISCAL 2011 PRIORITIES
In order get one step closer to achieving our vision, I have established four priorities for the team in fiscal 2011. These focus areas build upon the progress we made in fiscal 2010 and will drive long-term growth for Symantec.
Extend our success in consumer security to protect critical information on devices beyond PCs. The world is evolving beyond the PC and, in turn, we are extending our reach to new devices and applications. Our goal is to be the vendor of choice in securing the growing number of non-PC devices connected to the Internet, which are estimated to total 20 billion by 2014. To start, we are launching several new offerings such as Norton Smartphone Security to protect and manage mobile phones, and Norton Connect to access online backup information from mobile phones. These new products and services will allow us to build relationships with new partners — from wi- fi hot spot providers to TV manufacturers. We plan to introduce enhanced identity protection through the integration of VeriSign’s Identity Protection authentication service into our Norton products. We are pleased with the PC Tools acquisition which delivers products designed specifi- cally for the value-minded customer. Our PC Tools brand grew installations by 26% and expanded into 15 new countries last year. We will carry this momentum into fiscal 2011 and extend our reach into the emerging and price-sensitive segments of the market.
Drive new license sales. The new offerings that we develop or acquire create opportunities to sell more into our expanding customer base. For example, we will cross-sell our server security products into VeriSign’s traditional customer base. We plan to combine VeriSign’s identity security services with our Data Loss Prevention technology to only allow authorized users access to specific information. In addition, we will utilize our sales force to expand VeriSign’s user authentication business, as well as, sell our newly acquired encryption products. Tightly integrating security and storage technology capabilities makes it easier to sell multiple products into our customer base and enhances our ability to drive new license sales. Furthermore, we are expanding the ways in which we deliver our products to customers by offering both appliances and hosted services — both high growth markets.
Help customers adopt SaaS solutions in their environments. As the market increasingly adopts SaaS solutions, we have the opportunity to expand our Symantec Hosted Services business. By expanding delivery of Symantec’s market-leading software portfolio through our SaaS platform, we will extend our customer reach. During fiscal year 2011, we expect to deliver additional hosted services in data loss prevention and backup. We are making it easy for customers to adopt and manage more of our hosted services by building a single platform for our solutions. We will continue to leverage our sales force and partner network to drive double-digit growth in this important market.
Standardize and automate more of our processes to simplify and improve the way custom- ers and partners interact with us. In order to keep improving customer and partner loyalty, we will continue to make it easier to do business with Symantec. We will offer enhanced web-based, self-service options for customers and partners that deliver a more tailored and streamlined experience. New processes, simplified pricing, and incentive programs will make it easier for partners to sell our solutions. In addition, we plan to automate and standardize more back-office functions in order to improve operational efficiencies.
3

We have the opportunity to extract more value from our unique portfolio to capture growth within our markets. Quality and integration are now built into our DNA and are fundamentals we will build upon each year. We will quickly integrate the technology we acquire to drive value for the company and our shareholders. Our recent acquisitions of MessageLabs, Vontu, PC Tools, and SwapDrive have been very successful. We achieved these successes through streamlined opera- tional integration, thoughtful and quick decision making, and incentive alignment on Day One. We are committed to holding ourselves accountable to the goals we outline with each and every acquisition.
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
In fiscal 2010, we continued to make progress on the corporate responsibility issues of highest priority to our stakeholders and our company. These include securing information and helping individuals stay safe online, increasing customer satisfaction, addressing climate change by identifying ways to reduce energy use and greenhouse gas emissions in our own operations and at customers’ data centers, upholding human rights — especially privacy and freedom of expression, promoting diversity and inclusion, and retaining our top talent.
Symantec continues to be recognized on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, the FTSE4Good, and the Corporate Responsibility Officer 100 Best Corporate Citizens list. We advanced in the Fortune Most Admired Companies ranking, moving from number 8 to number 4 in the computer software industry, due in large part to our efforts in corporate responsibility.
We also continued our commitment to the important work being done by schools, nonprofit organizations, and local communities. During the year we donated more than $22 million in cash and software to support the following: science, technology, and math education; equal access to education; diversity in engineering; online safety; and environmental responsibility.
EXPECT GREAT THINGS
While I’m excited about the progress we are making, I’m even more excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. The long-term vision for our company is solid and we have laid the foundation to solve some of the industry’s most complex problems. Leadership across all of our markets, talented employees, and a drive to win will make us successful now and in the years to come. I look forward to sharing with you the many accomplishments team Symantec will achieve in fiscal 2011.
Sincerely,
ENRIQUE SALEM
President and Chief Executive Officer
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: This annual report contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to safe harbors under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements including words such as “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “projects,” and similar expressions. Statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, anticipated growth and trends in our businesses and in our industries, the anticipated impacts of acquisitions, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions, based on our current expectations about future events and may not prove to be accurate. We do not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events occurring or circumstances arising after the date of this report. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and our actual results, performance, or achievements could differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements on the basis of several factors, including those that we discuss under Item 1A, Risk Factors of the 10-K. We encourage you to read that section carefully.
 4
