  We are more than trucks and warehouses, or canned and institutional foods. Much, much more. We’re innovative developers of products and services, market trend watchers, merchandisers who search the world for just the right products. We’re specialty marketers of fresh-cut steaks, exotic produce and hotel amenities. We’re 180 quality assurance professionals, enforcing our standards in the fields and plants. We’re restaurant menu designers and consultants helping customers market their menu ideas more effectively. We’re developers of technology that allows us to buy products more easily, store them more efficiently, deliver them more productively. We are the leading marketer and distributor of products and services to the food-prepared-away-from-home industry.
To Our Shareholders
When our customers succeed, SYSCO succeeds. This simple philosophy has served us well over the years, and fiscal 2002 marked the 26th consecutive year of record sales and earnings for your company. At the beginning of the fiscal year, the United States economy was challenged by a noticeable slowing of economic growth that was exacerbated by the September 11 disasters. Our associates responded to these conditions and continued to provide the outstanding service our customers expect, thus laying the groundwork to suc- cessfully maintain valued customer relationships.
Business trends began strengthening during the third quarter and gathered momentum through a strong fourth quarter, boosting fiscal year-end sales
to $23.4 billion, 7.2 percent higher than last year’s $21.8 billion in sales. After eliminating 3.4 percent for acquisitions and 1.1 percent for food cost inflation, real sales growth was 2.7 percent. SYSCO’s real growth typically outpaces the industry and, on a calendar year 2001 basis, SYSCO’s real sales growth was 2.2 percent, while the industry overall posted a 0.5 percent real growth rate, according to Technomic, Inc.
Diluted earnings per share increased 14.8 percent, rising to $1.01 from the $0.88 achieved last year. Net earnings were $680 million, 13.9 percent greater than the $597 million earned last year.
We continue to focus on building the right mix of customers and brand. Higher sales to marketing asso- ciate-served customers, as well as increased SYSCO Brand sales, were strong contributors to the year’s per- formance. Focusing on our customer relationship initiatives, Customers Are Really Everything to SYSCO (C.A.R.E.S.), we increased sales to MA-served customers to 56 percent of broadline sales from 55 per- cent last year. In addition, the SYSCO Brand is
gaining increasing recognition for the quality, consis- tency and value it offers customers. As a result, SYSCO Brand sales were 56 percent of MA-served sales of the broadline companies, compared to 53 percent last year, and grew to 42 percent of total sales, compared to
41 percent last year.
In addition, our operating companies increased
productivity and efficiency, while maintaining a tight control on expenses, particularly in the warehouse and delivery areas. Some of the progress resulted from the better utilization of the capabilities of the SYSCO Uniform System (SUS) and the continuing develop- ment and rollout of additional modules that increase accuracy in selecting orders and loading vehicles. Overall, operating expenses remained flat as a percent of sales.
SYSCO’s chain restaurant distribution arm, The SYGMA Network, Inc., serves customers from 13 facili- ties strategically located across the United States. SYGMA enjoyed a successful year as sales increased to $2.7 billion, 10.6 percent more than the $2.4 billion achieved last year. This performance resulted from business expansions of existing customers as well as the addition of new business.
Our specialty companies, which include six meat- cutting companies, a fresh produce distributor and a hotel operating supplies company, reported a 23.9 per- cent sales increase to $1.7 billion from $1.4 billion last year. The increase was attributable primarily to increased sales of specialty meat company products by our broadline companies, as well as the inclusion of Guest Supply’s sales for the full year.
The March acquisition of SERCA Foodservice, Inc., a division of Sobeys, Inc., significantly expanded our presence coast-to-coast in the $9 billion Canadian food-
2 SYSCO CORPORATION
 
 service distribution market, complementing our strat- egy of broadening geographic reach. SYSCO SERCA Foodservices, Inc. now operates from 17 locations in 8 provinces across Canada, providing products and serv- ices to 65,000 customers.
Two additional acquisitions were completed dur- ing fiscal 2002. Fulton Provision Company of Portland, Oregon, a custom-cut beef distributor with annual sales approximating $25 million in calendar 2000, joined our specialty meat company family. Also, Guest Supply acquired Franklin Supply Company located in Louisburg, North Carolina. This specialty distributor to the lodging industry generated $19 mil- lion in sales for its fiscal year ended February 28, 2001. The acquisition allows Guest Supply to expand prod- uct depth and increase offerings to customers in the southeastern United States hospitality market.
Fold-outs continue to be successful with new com- panies in Sacramento, California and Columbia, South Carolina beginning operations during the year. A third facility opened in Las Vegas in September 2002 and a site search is in progress to build a fold-out north of Los Angeles.
Capital expenditures for these projects, as well as other expansion and modification activities, totaled $416.4 million. We intend to invest prudently in the growth of the company and anticipate capital invest- ments in the range of $450 million to $500 million for fiscal year 2003.
A portion of these funds will be allocated to build- ing a redistribution warehouse in Virginia that will receive and redistribute products to SYSCO distribu- tion centers in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic for subsequent redistribution to customers. The facility is the first of several in a long-term project that is expected to eventually result in the construction of similar warehouses throughout North America. The use of larger, strategically located warehouses should allow more efficient supply chain delivery, improve storage and handling methods and increase trans- portation savings.
During the past 10 years, SYSCO has invested more than $2.4 billion to repurchase more than
200 million shares of the company’s stock. We continue to repurchase shares strategically and, in September 2001, the Board of Directors authorized an additional
   Left: Charles H. Cotros,
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Right: Richard J. Schnieders, President and Chief Operating Officer
 2002 ANNUAL REPORT 3
 
 16-million-share buyback. At fiscal year-end 2002, approximately 5.6 million shares remained available for repurchase under that authorization. In July 2002, the Board approved the repurchase of an additional 20 million shares, increasing the total available for repur- chase to 25.6 million as of August 1, 2002. The new authorization recognizes the company’s strong balance sheet and favorable cash flow position and signifies the Board’s belief in SYSCO’s future growth prospects.
SYSCO has increased its quarterly cash dividend 33 times in its 32 years as a public company. The November 2001 increase to $0.09 per share represented a 28.6 percent increase over the previous $0.07 rate.
To continue to support the success of its customers SYSCO must have a workforce committed to this vision and managers who can successfully produce the results required. One of the key factors in SYSCO’s suc- cess has been a well-developed long-term management succession plan. In accordance with that plan, upon the December 2002 retirement of Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer Charles H. Cotros, Richard J. Schnieders will assume that role. Mr. Cotros has enjoyed a 42-year career in the foodservice industry, commencing with his family’s business, Tri-State General Food Supply in Memphis, Tennessee in 1960. After his company joined the SYSCO family in 1974, he held positions as president and chairman of five SYSCO operating companies before relocating to the corporate office as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in 1995. He advanced to President and Chief Executive Officer in January 2000 and became Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in July 2000. Mr. Cotros has served on SYSCO’s Board of Directors since 1986 and also will retire from that position in December.
Other executive management changes include Thomas E. Lankford, who was appointed Executive Vice President and President of Foodservice Operations, North America in January 2002. He
will succeed Mr. Schnieders as President and Chief Operating Officer in January 2003. Also, Larry J. Accardi expanded his role as Executive Vice President, Merchandising Services and President, Specialty Distribution and Kenneth F. Spitler was appointed Executive Vice President, Redistribution and Northeast Region.
SYSCO’s long-term growth objectives continue to be clear-cut and attainable. These include:
• high single-digit real sales growth.
• growth in earnings per share a minimum of five
percentage points higher than real sales growth. • 33 percent return on equity.
• 35 to 40 percent long term debt to total
capitalization ratio.
Although SYSCO has averaged approximately 6.8
percent real sales growth over the past four years, our long-term goal of high single-digit real sales growth was not achieved in fiscal 2002. However, real sales were leveraged 12.1 percentage points, producing a 14.8 percent diluted earnings per share increase. We believe that one of the key roles of management is to employ shareholders’ funds efficiently and our long- time goal of 20 percent return on average share- holders’ equity was achieved in 1996. Since then, it has been steadily improving, reaching 31 percent in fiscal year 2002. Return on average total capital also has con- tinued to increase, rising to its current 21 percent from 14 percent in 1996. The long-term debt to total capital- ization ratio at year-end was 35.6 percent.
We are committed to our customers’ success and to helping them achieve their goals. The creativity and ingenuity of our customers and the $200 billion indus- try we serve was not diminished during the turbulent year just ended. In fact, maintaining outstanding serv- ice has become even more important as consumers embrace quality dining experiences, surrounded by family and friends, as they enjoy meals away from home. Our responsibility is not taken lightly – our customers’ success is vital to our success.
Charles H. Cotros
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Richard J. Schnieders
President and Chief Operating Of f icer
September 27, 2002
  4 SYSCO CORPORATION
 