To Our Shareholders:
It is both a privilege and an honor to lead your company and to share with you the outstanding fiscal 2003 performance of North America’s leading foodservice marketer and distributor.
We are very pleased that the enclosed financial statements confirm another record-breaking year: Sales rose by 11.9 percent to $26.1 billion and diluted earnings per share were up 16.8 percent to $1.18. Return on average shareholders’ equity increased to an impressive 36 percent. Return on average total capital rose to 23 percent compared to 21 percent last year, due to operating efficiencies resulting from best practices. As we look at a few of the micro-measures that underlie much of those bottom-line results, we see that for our broadline foodservice companies, pieces per stop in the fourth quarter this year grew to 54.5 from 53.9 last year. In addition, pieces per error, a measure of our service to our customers and an indicator of better expense control, improved from 558 to 699, a 25 percent increase.
This year the Annual Report has been designed to provide a greater focus on financial information and we encourage you to read it in detail. In this letter we focus on some of the qualitative aspects that explain the growth and vibrancy of our company and our industry.
Although we were extremely pleased with what occurred in FY 2003, the numbers tell very little about how SYSCO, during a very challenging time, continues to excel. In a word, it is the spirit of our associates, now more than 47,400 strong, as well as the entrepreneurial culture that fosters the autonomy of each and every one of our operating entities, that propels this company past all competitors. This Annual Report is dedicated to the women and men of SYSCO who have always found new ways, while operating within the strictest ethical guidelines, to help our customers succeed.
To understand the culture and indomitable spirit of the SYSCO organization, it is important to have a feel for the nuances of the foodservice business, which we serve. Think of the incredible variety of offerings we, as consumers, have learned to expect when we choose to go out, pick up a meal on the way home or have a meal delivered – Thai, Italian, French, Tex-Mex, fine dining, pizza, hamburger, fast casual, fusion, bistro – and on and on. And, in fact, every foodservice operator strives to differentiate her offerings from her competition’s. Our options are numerous, varied and exciting and they contribute to the ongoing robustness of the food-prepared-away-from-home industry.
It is the service component, however, that really distinguishes SYSCO’s market. Whether fine dining, quick serve, college cafeteria or healthcare location, our customers, most of whom are foodservice operators, know that the quality of service is just as important as the quality of the menu items. They know there is no higher endeavor than to serve others.
These two elements – quality food and outstanding service – are at the heart of this great and vibrant industry. Think of one of your most memorable dining experiences with family, friends or associates – maybe presenting a diamond to a loved one across the table, or sharing the news of a career promotion. There’s a good chance that your memory is one of a special and inexplicable experience – the magic of dining out. And that magic happens millions of times every day in the U.S. and Canada.
It is against that backdrop that SYSCO associates begin their day. The SYSCO associates, working from our 145 distribution locations, procure, sell and distribute food and related products to restaurants, hospitals, retirement homes, schools, colleges, business and industry locations, hotels, cruise ships,
10
  SYSCO CORPORATION

  Left: Richard J. Schnieders Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Right: Thomas E. Lankford President and Chief Operating Officer
theme parks and other locations where meals are prepared away from home. The SYSCO associates are the nodes on a network connecting our suppliers – all the way back to the farm – to our more than 420,000 customers. That large, complex and flexible network provides the infrastructure that undergirds the foodservice industry. SYSCO merchandisers, for example, are constantly monitoring and overseeing inventories to make certain that when the customer orders a product, he or she can be confident it will arrive in a timely manner. Warehouse personnel, using advanced technology, receive, store and load on trucks hundreds of thousands of different items at fill rates that make sure our customers get what they order and demonstrate our superior service within our industry. More than 8,500 multi-temperature state-of-the-art vehicles are managed by over 9,900 delivery associates, who not only transport but also carefully and courteously unload at customers’ locations more than a billion cases of products per year. Administrative associates help to assure accurate and smooth customer transactions and support. Finally, SYSCO’s approximately 8,100 marketing associates are trained to work closely with the foodservice operators to assist them with product selection, menu analysis, and operational issues to help those customers be more successful.
In this large, diverse, fast-moving business, the women and men of SYSCO are the key ingredient to our continuing performance. Their talent coupled with technology has generated a level of innovation that is unsurpassed in foodservice distribution. Most amazingly, the order-to-delivery cycle described above usually happens in 24 hours or less.
And SYSCO continues to build for the future. Where others have deployed short-term tactics, we constantly invest in the human and technical resources to position the company for the long-term. One illustration of this sustainable direction is the energy and capital committed to our National Supply Chain Initiative. This is a system of forward/consolidating warehouses that will receive, store and redistribute about half the items carried for sale by multiple SYSCO operating companies. The benefits of this network are numerous: for our customers it means higher levels of service and a wider range of product offerings at a lower cost; for suppliers it means significant cost reductions as demand data is aggregated and passed up the chain to them; at SYSCO, we will realize substantially lower investments in inventory and ultimately in facility expansions, while improving warehouse and logistics efficiencies. The first redistribution center warehouse will open in Virginia in the fall of 2004, and we expect to begin realizing the benefits about six months after operations commence.
In building for the future, we also will continue to add marketing associates, our sales professionals who are the lifeline to our customers. Another vital component of our business model is increasing sales of SYSCO Brand products. We will continue to endeavor to grow brand sales, combining our extensive product knowledge and commitment to quality with the opportunity for customers to enjoy greater product yields and more convenience in food preparation.
11
  2003 ANNUAL REPORT

We also expect that our future growth will be fueled by expansion through fold-outs (building
new facilities in an established SYSCO marketing area that is served from a distant location) and selective acquisitions to complement our existing portfolio of broadline, specialty and quick service distribution companies.
Resolutely, we continue to maintain our long-term financial objectives: 1) high single-digit real sales growth (as defined in Management’s Discussion and Analysis); 2) earnings per share growth at least five percentage points above real sales growth; 3) add 3 percent per year to sales from acquisitions, on average; 4)return on average shareholders’ equity of at least 33 percent; and 5) long-term debt to capitalization ratio of 35 percent to 40 percent. In fiscal 2003 we achieved or exceeded all these goals, and as a result, are raising our long-term return on equity target to 37 percent.
We know that you, our shareholders, are interested not only in the financial and operational results we report but also in the integrity of the underlying reporting processes. For more than 33 years, the SYSCO management team has continually enhanced the quantity and quality of the metrics we use to manage our business and that we use to communicate with our stakeholders. SYSCO’s financial reporting has passed stringent internal and external reviews and we are committed to constantly upgrading our methodologies. Our data collection and analysis tools are consistently becoming more sophisticated and effective. For instance, on a daily basis, managers at our operating companies and at the corporate office can pinpoint information on the sales and gross profit with respect to every customer, and even each individual case of product. These data-mining techniques are extremely powerful and support decision- making throughout the organization.
In today’s environment of closer scrutiny, corporate governance has generated a significant amount of debate, legislation and regulation. SYSCO’s Board of Directors has adopted a set of principles that provide the framework for the governance of SYSCO, many of which we already had been following. They include the functions of the Board; Director qualifications and responsibilities; and CEO evaluation and management succession, among others. To us at SYSCO, the underlying principle is simple–“Do the right thing.” For additional information, access the corporate governance link at www.sysco.com.
As we look to our future, it is bright, and it is bright not so much because of our market-leading technologies, although they are important. Our future is promising primarily because of SYSCO’s people, and the human connections, from farmer to processor, from processor to SYSCO, from SYSCO to our customers, and from those foodservice professionals to their patrons. These relationships, imbued with dignity and respect, will sustain SYSCO and allow this great organization to continually provide a foundation for the foodservice industry.
Richard J. Schnieders Thomas E. Lankford
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer President and Chief Operating Officer
  12
  SYSCO CORPORATION
