                       TM
                                                  We deliver ingredients for success. // 2013 Annual Report
              HIGHLIGHTS
OPERATIONS
• Grew case volume for Broadline and SYGMA operations combined by 2.6%
• Completed fourteen acquisitions representing more than $1 billion in annual sales
• Advanced our category management initiative with four pilot categories – salad dressing/ mayonnaise, frozen french fries, towels/tissues/ napkins, and shrimp
• Completed the rollout of the SAP Maintenance module to all U.S. Broadline locations, and
the Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform to all North American Broadline operating companies
FINANCIAL
• Recorded net earnings of $992 million
• Grew free cash flow by more than 60% to
$1 billion
• Returned nearly $650 million in dividends
to shareholders while increasing the dividend for the 44th time in our 43-year history
SUSTAINABILITY
• Generated energy savings of 3% in our warehouses in fiscal year 2013 and more than 38% since fiscal year 2006
• Continued to incorporate new food safety practices to lead the industry
• Expanded our capabilities to provide locally sourced products to our customers
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS,
In the world of food, the keys to a chef’s successful recipe are a solid plan, a careful approach and great ingredients. At Sysco we take great pride in our ingredients, striving to provide the freshest, highest quality fare in the business. We are committed to cultivating the freshest ideas and most innovative holistic restaurant solutions that
will assure that every moment around food is memorable. We believe that a successful business recipe starts with our mission: to market and deliver great products to our customers with exceptional service. It is reinforced by our vision: to be our customers’ most valued and trusted business partner. And, Sysco’s five-point strategy provides key ingredients which focus on a balanced blend of Partnerships, Productivity, Products, Expansion and People.
Fiscal year 2013 at Sysco produced numerous successes. Our more than 48,000 associates continued to demonstrate their commitment to Sysco’s 425,000 customers. During the year, we registered a record $44.4 billion in revenues, a 4.8 percent increase compared to fiscal year 2012. Our gross profit of $7.9 billion was a 2.5 percent year-over-year increase, while our earnings per share for our underlying business of $2.14 were essentially flat compared to a year ago. Our return on invested capital was 13 percent, our cash flow from operations increased 7.6 percent to $1.5 billion, and our free cash flow increased 62 percent to $1 billion. We also returned nearly $650 million in dividends to shareholders and increased our dividend for the 44th time in our 43-year history.
The challenges were also significant in a year that saw market conditions initially
improve and then fall off in the latter part of the fiscal year. A generally slow and uneven economic recovery led to weak restaurant traffic, which hindered many of our customers’ businesses. Gross profits at Sysco, while increasing modestly for the year, were impeded by the competitive nature of our industry and a shift in customer mix which created pressure on operating earnings. As we continue to drive out transformational change
in our company, Sysco’s business fundamentals – the ingredients for our success – remain sound. In fiscal year 2013, we made substantial progress executing our long-
term strategy in the following ways.
INGREDIENT 1: PARTNERSHIPS
PROFOUNDLY ENRICHING THE EXPERIENCE OF DOING BUSINESS WITH SYSCO
We experienced success in further deepening relationships with our customers and suppliers. One favorable example was our 9 percent increase in sales to Broadline corporate-managed customers, which helped us offset a year in which sales to locally managed customers were under pressure. Another highlight was the launch of our category management initiative which provides a significant opportunity to generate value through the optimal assortment, sourcing and pricing of products. Our category management approach also fosters deep partnerships with our suppliers, including shared customer insights which we believe will lead to enhanced product innovation and response to customer trends, and provide the foundation for growth in the years ahead.
INGREDIENT 2: PRODUCTIVITY
CONTINUOUSLY IMPROVING PRODUCTIVITY IN ALL AREAS OF THE BUSINESS
We expanded the deployment of our SAP enterprise resource platform to East Texas, North Texas and West Texas, with more rollouts scheduled to take place in fiscal year 2014. We also completed the rollout of our maintenance module across the majority
of our U.S. and Canada business. The implementation of the SAP module for human resources and the centralization of U.S. Broadline general ledger functions will be com- pleted in the first half of fiscal year 2014, and we will continue to implement technology enhancements to our delivery routing system over the next two years. In addition, we reduced costs by adjusting our retirement plans, implementing a customer relationship management (CRM) platform, flattening our sales organization structure, modifying our salespeople’s compensation plans to incentivize growth and reducing the number of unprofitable sales territories.
   2

INGREDIENT 3: PRODUCTS
EXPANDING OUR PORTFOLIO OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES BY INITIATING A CUSTOMER-CENTRIC INNOVATION PROGRAM
We are utilizing valuable insights gained through research to engage our customers and suppliers in our category management initiative. Customer acceptance of the new assortment in the four pilot categories – salad dressing/mayonnaise, frozen french fries, towels/tissues/napkins, and shrimp – was encouraging. Our customers and our salespeople have generally responded well to the increased variety and value offered by our new optimized assortment. We have a very aggressive implementation plan and will continually improve our processes and seek out valuable feedback from our customers as we roll out successive category waves in fiscal year 2014 and beyond. Additionally in fiscal year 2013, we launched our Sysco Solutions and Services product bundle which was developed within our Sysco Ventures group to offer customers solutions beyond food. Among the featured products was Leapset, a point-of-sale system that’s characterized as a smartphone for restaurant operators. Leapset uses
a suite of mobile apps for both front- and back-of-the-house solutions, allowing restaurateurs to dynamically interact with diners while running their business.
INGREDIENT 4: EXPANSION
EXPLORING, ASSESSING AND PURSUING NEW BUSINESSES AND MARKETS
In one of our busiest years to date, we completed 14 acquisitions – in the U.S., Canada, Republic of Ireland, Northern Ireland and in the Bahamas. They included Broadline, seafood, produce and other specialty companies representing more than $1 billion in annualized sales. These acquisitions further demonstrate Sysco’s commitment to pursue quality companies – including those in international locations – that will enhance our ability to serve our customers, further expand our product offerings and service footprint and profitably grow our business.
INGREDIENT 5: PEOPLE
DEVELOPING AND EFFECTIVELY INTEGRATING A COMPREHENSIVE ENTERPRISE-WIDE TALENT MANAGEMENT PROCESS
We appreciate all of our customer-focused associates for their hard work and engagement during a year of significant change at Sysco. For the second straight year, through our Sysco Speaks survey, we actively sought and received feedback from all our associates using a single platform. We also continue to develop our Sysco associates and – where necessary – infuse new talent to address the needs of our customers and the business. Three talented leaders from the food industry – executive vice president and chief technology officer Wayne Shurts, executive vice president and chief commercial officer Tom Bené, and senior vice president for distribution services Scott Charlton – joined our executive team in fiscal year 2013 to bring additional energy, capabilities, experiences and insights to our transformational efforts.
In the coming year, our goal is to deliver value to you, our shareholders, by gaining deeper customer insights, profitably growing our locally and corporate-managed business, developing new opportunities, connecting our Sysco Ventures investments to our core business, and developing and recruiting great talent. We will continue on our multi-year business transformation journey that to date has touched nearly every part of our business. While a great deal of work lies ahead, we believe our strategy is sound, our execution will improve, and that we are extremely well-positioned to deliver best-in-class customer service and profitable growth in the years to come.
Manny Fernandez Bill DeLaney
EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD PRESIDENT & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Manny Fernandez
Executive Chairman of the Board
Bill DeLaney
President &
Chief Executive Officer
    For more information, go online to www.sysco.com/investors.
3
