Letter From the Chairman
Good things come from Sysco.
As I assume the role of chairman, I want to say what an honor it is to join such a great company founded by John Baugh, who shaped the character of Sysco as an organization built on solid ethics and strong values. Rick Schnieders, who retired as chairman and chief executive officer during the fiscal year, leaves as
a legacy a company that is financially healthy and at the forefront of the industry’s sustainability initiatives.
We have taken a meaningful step to redefine our corporate brand, most notably with our Sysco logo. Our new branding more accurately depicts who
we are and our overarching role in the farm-to-fork supply chain that serves
the North American foodservice market. When we speak of good things, our com- pany’s operating results this past year is one of them. While the business results are detailed in the management report
on the next pages, I want to recognize Sysco’s management team for working through a tough year and producing solid results. Our business continues to generate strong cash flow. Our financial strength allows us to invest in our business through all types of economic cycles and we remain committed to making those strategic investments that position us well for future growth opportunities.
As we go forward, I am confident in
our management team which is led by Bill DeLaney, recently promoted to chief executive officer, and Ken Spitler, whom the board elected to vice chairman in addition to his role as president and chief operating officer. Bill and Ken together have nearly fifty years of leader- ship positions with Sysco and are com- mitted to the long-term success of our company. Together, we will continue
to work to increase Sysco’s value to customers, associates, suppliers and ultimately our shareholders.
Sysco is the preeminent leader of the foodservice industry, and in some ways, we are just beginning to realize our full potential. For example, we are currently exploring how to improve our service to
customers and enhance our overall productivity by developing a more robust technology platform.
Throughout Sysco’s forty years, we have frequently and effectively dealt with various types of business and economic challenges, and we are confident that
we will successfully navigate the difficult market environment that our industry faces today. Short term, our cost efficien- cies, our strong balance sheet and our customer relationships have been enor- mous assets in this economy. Long term, we need to take those same strengths and leverage them further... in short,
to do more.
We look forward to creating more “good things” in 2010 and beyond.
   “Sysco is the preeminent leader of the foodservice industry, and in some ways, we are just beginning to realize our
full potential.”
Manny Fernandez
Chairman of the Board October 8, 2009
     2009 Annual Report 1

DOING MORE // SYSCO CORPORATION
To Our Shareholders
Our results for 2009 reflect Sysco’s commit- ment to operational excellence and the strength of our customer relationships. During fiscal 2009, we sold $37 billion
of product, generated nearly $2 billion
of operating income, produced cash flow from operations of $1.6 billion and returned $1 billion of capital to our shareholders. These results were generated through the consistent support of our customers and the dedicated efforts of our associates,
in the midst of the most difficult business environment that our industry has ever experienced. Underlying these solid results are unwavering customer service, increased efficiencies and continuing investment in our future growth.
While we are hopeful that market con- ditions will improve as we approach the new calendar year, we believe that we are exceptionally well positioned to build upon our industry leadership position during these uncertain economic conditions. Supporting our customers and enhancing productivity will remain our top priority in fiscal 2010.
Our sound financial picture is reflected
in return on invested capital of 19 percent and return on average shareholders’ equity of 31 percent for fiscal year 2009.
Leading from Strength
Our leadership position in the food- service industry is unquestioned. We built this company on a foundation of
$37 billion
Sysco recorded sales of $36.9 billion
solid values and a commitment to sup- port our customers. We have helped shape the industry and continue to push it forward with practices that result in better food safety and favorable environ- mental impact. Our leadership position provides us with many advantages, but also requires us to manage our business in a very responsible manner.
Our geographic scope, product breadth and scale of operations enables us to deliver more to our customers in product range and quality, efficient delivery and a level of expertise that makes us a valuable partner in our customers’ success.
This year, many of our customers increas- ingly turned to us for advice on how to manage their operating costs while still providing fresh and appealing menus
for their dining customers. Our business review process, an opportunity to sit down one-on-one with customers to discuss challenges and offer solutions, has become ingrained in how we work with independent restaurants. We now conduct business reviews throughout every local Sysco Broadline operating company, totaling approximately 50,000 business reviews last year.
Building on Success
Our national supply chain initiative that began in 2002 put us ahead of the industry curve in reducing transportation costs while providing more efficient service
$1.9 billion
Operating income of $1.9 billion
to our customers. This initiative, which reaches from our growers and suppliers to approximately 400,000 customers served through nearly 200 Sysco distribution locations, continues to reduce our miles driven, lower the energy usage for both our warehouses and our fleet, increase our purchasing efficiency and improve our responsiveness to customer needs.
These strategic improvements have improved our competitive stance. They have also laid the groundwork to explore ways to make the best use of available technology in preparing for the future.
Responding to Change
The steps we have taken to refine our supply chain have served us well in com- bating the difficult business conditions we have experienced during the past year. Throughout the 80s and 90s and into this decade, we experienced rapid growth in the food-away-from-home market seg- ment – our customer base. As we begin the new fiscal year, we are encouraged by the cautious optimism that appears to be building regarding the economy’s prospects for improvement in the coming months. With that said, the likely pace and extent of such improvement remains unclear.
We are confident that we are well posi- tioned to continue to take share in our $215 billion market by supporting our customers and attracting new accounts with our value added capabilities and
19 percent
Return on invested capital of 19 percent
       2

  “During fiscal 2009 we sold $37 billion of product, generated nearly $2 billion of operating income, produced cash flow from operations of $1.6 billion and returned $1 billion of capital to our shareholders.”
  services. We are responding to these market changes by focusing on our core business, with particular emphasis on improving our customer service and productivity. And we strive to remember that efficient logistics are not enough
if they do not translate into stronger customer and supplier relationships and more opportunities for growth.
Positioning for the Future
As we begin our fortieth year as a public company, we remain committed to con- trolling our own destiny by charting a path for profitable growth. In the short term, we will continue to support our customers through a broad array of product offerings, consistently accurate and prompt deliveries, effective business reviews and competitive pricing. Over an extended period of time, we hope to enhance our technology platform in a manner that will make it easier for customers to do business with Sysco and permit us to reduce our operating cost structure. In addition, we will also identify and assess opportunities to explore our business beyond its current scope. As our journey proceeds, we recog- nize the importance of and are committed to continuing to conduct ourselves with a high degree of integrity and treating our customers, suppliers and associates with dignity and respect – each and every day.
$1.1 billion
Net earnings of $1.1 billion
Creating Value
It comes down to doing more to create economic value – for all our stakeholders. For our customers, it is no longer just about pulling up to the back door and making a delivery – it is about being more of a trusted advisor. For our suppliers, it is not just about negotiating terms – it is about driving quality and environmental standards that benefit the entire food supply. For our associates, it is not just about a paycheck – it is about providing growth and development opportunities that make Sysco an employer of choice.
Bill DeLaney
Chief Executive Officer October 8, 2009
Ken Spitler
For our investors, it is about turning in solid results and continuing to invest for sustainable future returns.
In closing, we want to thank our asso- ciates for their efforts and the results they achieved this past year. Their con- tributions – on the front lines with our customers and suppliers, on the roads, and behind the scenes in our warehouses and offices – make everything we accom- plish possible.
As the cover of this report says, it’s all about doing more... and we are.
      Vice Chairman, President and Chief Operating Officer October 8, 2009
$1.6 billion
Net cash provided by operating activities of $1.6 billion
$1 billion
Returned nearly $1 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases
      2009 Annual Report 3
