To AT&T Investors:
When the communications industry looks back at the start of this decade, it will be marked as an inflection point — when mobile broadband forever changed how the world does business.
Over the past few years, smartphones riding on our powerful third-generation (3G) mobile broadband network literally have placed the Internet in the palm of America’s hand. Virtually overnight, that has transformed how we share information, how we buy and sell things, how we socialize. But what’s taking place now is even more profound. We’re quickly moving to 4G mobile broadband networks, and we’re layering on the power of cloud computing — a tech industry phrase that refers to how people can use their smartphones and other devices to access content and applications stored in secure remote locations.
With this combination, customers are truly beginning to mobilize everything. Our network now supports a new wave of advanced mobile devices that includes tablets and a wide array of embedded wireless devices — from smart household appliances to remote medical monitoring to business inventory management. All of this is helping people and businesses communicate faster and do more than anyone ever imagined. And the most exciting part? We’re just getting started.
America has set the pace for the world in this new era of communications, and I’m proud to say that your company has led the way. A few years ago, we made the decision to concentrate AT&T’s strategic focus on the opportunities we saw flowing from mobile broadband. Over just the past three years, we committed nearly $70 billion to acquire spectrum and build the most advanced wireless and wireline network capabilities. And on top of this network, we’ve offered customers one breakthrough device after another, along with access to a broad range of powerful applications that integrate their video, data and voice experience.
2010 Results Our leadership in these areas — combined with solid execution across our business — has driven industry-leading growth. In 2010:
Wireless connections on our network increased by 8.9 million, the largest annual gain in our history.
Wireless data revenues increased 28.7 percent, the strongest growth among major U.S. wireless providers.
AT&T U-verseSM TV subscribers increased by more than 900,000, outpacing every other publicly reporting pay TV provider in the United States.
     AT&T Inc. 1
 
Our strategic business services — led by Virtual Private Networks (VPN) and including things such as hosting and applications services — grew 15.8 percent.
Our overall financial results were solid as well: Consolidated revenues improved from 2009 levels; earnings per share grew 63.4 percent, largely due to timely sales of non- strategic assets and favorable resolution of income tax matters, and 10.6 percent excluding significant items; and cash from operations totaled $35.0 billion.
We used that cash to invest in our operations and prepare for future growth, to further reduce debt, and to return $9.9 billion in dividends to stockholders.
In December, your board of directors again increased our quarterly dividend — for the 27th consecutive year — and authorized the repurchase of up to 300 million shares.
These achievements round out the larger story of how your company has executed over the past three years — as we, like other companies, have worked through a tough economy. As we begin 2011, AT&T is coming out of the downturn stronger, both operationally and financially, than we were going in — with improving revenue trends, expanding margins and a more growth-oriented business. In the fourth quarter, 73 percent of our revenues came from mobility, wireline data and managed services, and those revenues were growing at a 9.0 percent pace.
A Network of Possibilities The foundation for this growth is a network that’s more powerful and capable than ever. Our domestic wireless network covers more than 300 million people, and we provide the broadest international access of any U.S. mobile provider. Our global networking capabilities provide advanced connections for businesses to 182 countries. And on an average business day, our global backbone carries nearly 24 petabytes of data traffic — more than 100 times the digitized Library of Congress.
Our network delivers breathtaking levels of connectivity and mobility. But the real power of this network is in all that it enables — how it speeds commerce and drives economic growth, how it helps people and communities reach their potential. Our network and the solutions that ride on it give a young student in a small-town school access to the same applications and resources as her counterparts in major metropolitan areas. They give a small family business down the street the tools to compete with the largest companies. We help entrepreneurs across all sorts of industries get noticed and get to market faster. In all these ways and more, our network and services play an important and growing role.
Growth Platforms This network and the vision behind it form the foundation for the three core growth platforms that are shaping AT&T’s future:
Mobile broadband, where we’ve led the way in growth and network capabilities.
Advanced business solutions that combine mobile broadband, cloud capabilities and applications to help businesses mobilize everything and transform their operations.
AT&T U-verse, our advanced platform for integrated next-generation TV, voice and broadband services.
         2 AT&T Inc.
 
 Randall Stephenson
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
 Mobile broadband is where we’ve invested most aggressively. Today we have the United States’ fastest mobile broadband network, based on independent tests. And we’ve expanded its reach through access to more than 24,000 Wi-Fi hotspots nationwide, the most of any U.S. provider. Now we’re on a quick, steady path to deliver the best 4G capabilities — faster speeds, more capacity and greater functionality.
We’ve also consistently led in providing cutting-edge mobile devices and mobile applications. To spur future growth in these areas, we’re finding new ways to open our network to developers, including the launch of three innovation centers — one near Dallas, another in Silicon Valley and a third in Israel.
And as we take these mobile broadband capabilities to the world of business and combine them with our premier VPN capabilities and our cloud investments, we’re creating a new generation of opportunities for business customers. Using our network and our solutions, companies arm their employees with seamless access to applications and data, whether they are in the office, at home or on the move around the globe. The result is faster decision-making, quicker response times and improved productivity.
In some cases, our advanced solutions can help transform entire business models — helping enterprises rethink everything from marketing to customer service to inventory management. We also have promising industry-specific opportunities — in health care, for example, where our network can help improve service delivery through wireless patient monitoring, high-quality video links for remote diagnostics, and more. We’ve committed some of our best talent and substantial resources to accelerate our progress in these areas.
Our third major growth platform is AT&T U-verse, an integrated set of services — high-quality TV with unique features and functionality, high speed Internet, and voice —
AT&T Inc. 3
 
   4 AT&T Inc.
AT&T Executive Leadership Team
Left to Right: Wayne Watts, Senior Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Jim Cicconi, Senior Executive Vice President-External and Legislative Affairs, AT&T Services, Inc.; Ray Wilkins Jr., Chief Executive Officer-AT&T Diversified Businesses; Randall Stephenson, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; Ron Spears, Senior Executive Vice President-Executive Operations; John Stankey, President and Chief Executive Officer, AT&T Business Solutions; Cathy Coughlin, Senior Executive Vice President and Global Marketing Officer; Bill Blase Jr., Senior Executive Vice President- Human Resources; Forrest Miller, Group President-Corporate Strategy and Development; Ralph de la Vega, President and Chief Executive Officer, AT&T Mobility and Consumer Markets; Rick Lindner, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
all delivered over an advanced Internet Protocol network. We’ve already deployed this network to more than 27 million living units, and our subscriber base is now more than 3 million — almost all of them added in the past three years. AT&T U-verse TV ranks Highest in Residential Television Service Satisfaction in the North Central, South and West Regions, according to the J.D. Power and Associates 2010 Residential Television Service Provider Satisfaction StudySM.1
All three of these platforms are still early in their development, which means that our top priority over the next few years is to accelerate their growth.
Increasingly, we’ll also focus on the potential to deliver services across networks and platforms to make things simple and seamless for customers as they access content of all kinds — video, data and applications — without giving a thought to whether they happen to be on a wired or wireless network. We’re uniquely positioned to make this kind of cross-platform access a reality. In fact, we’ve already started to move in that direction with services like U-verse Mobile, which lets customers download and watch video content on their wireless devices.
 
AT&T also has led the way in wireless connectivity for nontraditional devices and applications — everything from eReaders to personal navigation devices to home security monitoring. Businesses, too, are using mobile broadband connectivity for a host of functions, including location-based advertising, automated meter reading and logistics management. We already have more than 9 million of these connected devices on our network, a total that nearly doubled in 2010. We expect that very soon every machine and appliance we have in our homes and our businesses will operate better and more intelligently with wireless connectivity.
Driving Innovation, Empowering People and Communities In all of these areas, AT&T has a rich history of investment and new service development. But the amount of innovation taking place in our industry is unprecedented; it’s more comprehensive and moving more quickly than anything I’ve seen in my lifetime. So, it’s an exciting time for customers and for our company, and I believe the future of the communications industry has never been more promising. Your company is providing leadership to speed its development.
That’s why we encourage policymakers to strengthen the climate for investment across our industry through smart tax policy and light-touch regulation. It’s also why we work with governmental authorities and others to free up more of the quality wireless spectrum that is the invisible lifeblood of sustained innovation and growth.
And it’s why we’ve created and funded AT&T Aspire, a $100 million initiative to support proven programs that can improve educational outcomes with particular focus on our country’s high school drop-out crisis. This is an investment in developing the educated workforce that is critical for our company’s continued progress and our nation’s future prosperity.
In the following pages, you’ll read examples of what our Network of Possibilities means for the way real people live and work. There’s a thread that runs through their stories: The future is now. And no one is better positioned than AT&T to deliver that future and make the impossible possible.
It’s an honor for me to lead a company whose services have such a powerful and positive impact on people, communities and economic growth. And I am very proud of AT&T’s 267,000 employees around the world, whose dedication and hard work bring the benefits of technology and innovation to life for customers.
On their behalf, I extend my sincere thanks to you, our stockholders, for your confidence and support.
Sincerely,
Randall Stephenson
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President February 11, 2011
       AT&T Inc. 5
 