 Randall Stephenson
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
   To AT&T Investors
Connect. At AT&T, that’s what we do. That’s how we deliver for customers,
drive growth and create value for stockholders. We connect people with
people, information and entertainment. We connect businesses to customers, data and other businesses. We make
communications simple, mobile and seamless.
Our industry is in the early stages of an unprecedented explosion in connectivity. The technologies that make it possible are becoming more pervasive, mobile and accessible. Customer demand for connectivity has increased dramatically. And it’s all playing out on a global scale.
Against this backdrop, our industry’s growth potential has never been greater.
These industry dynamics have driven a major transformation of our company. We’ve added critical assets, scale, technical ability, new applications and expertise. We’ve also transformed AT&T into a brand that stands for trust and reliability—as it always has—but that now also stands for mobility and innovation. As a result, today AT&T is one of the few companies prepared to deliver on the full promise of this new era of global connectivity.
2007 AT&T Annual Report | 1 2007 AT&T Annual Report | 1
    
 AT&T is led by proven executives with broad, diverse operational experience. They are the industry’s best.
AT&T SENIOR OFFICERS
Standing (left to right): Forrest Miller, Group President-Corporate Strategy and Development; John Stankey, Group President- Telecom Operations; Cathy Coughlin, Senior Executive Vice President and Global Marketing Officer; Randall Stephenson, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President; Ron Spears, Group President-Global Business Services; Jim Callaway, Senior Executive Vice President-Executive Operations.
Sitting (left to right): Bill Blase Jr., Senior Executive Vice President-Human Resources; Rick Lindner, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ray Wilkins Jr., Group President-Diversified Businesses; Jim Cicconi, Senior Executive Vice President-External and Legislative Affairs; Wayne Watts, Senior Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Ralph de la Vega, President and Chief Executive Officer-AT&T Mobility.
A Strong 2007
A clear focus on our opportunities, combined with strong execution, helped make 2007 a terrific year for our company. Wireless growth accelerated as we added more than 9 million subscribers. Our enterprise business executed a major turnaround, with enterprise service revenues returning to growth in the second half of the year. We grew our business with small and midsize firms, expanded our lead among U.S. broadband providers and began an aggressive ramp of our next-generation television service.
Meanwhile, we exceeded our expense control targets as we integrated formerly separate operations to improve performance. In fact, through mergers and other initiatives, we've saved more than $5 billion in operational costs over the past two years. That operating cost advantage serves us well in every market and economic condition.
All of these achievements drove outstanding financial results:
• Total revenues increased to nearly $119 billion. • Adjusted earnings per share grew at a strong
double-digit pace.
• Cash from operating activities topped $34 billion, a record for our company.
• Our total return for the year (stock price appreciation plus dividends paid) was 20.6 percent—nearly four times the return of the S&P 500.
In December 2007, AT&T’s Board of Directors raised our quarterly dividend by 12.7 percent and approved a new repurchase of 400 million shares—both the largest in our company’s history. These actions demonstrate our commitment to stockholders. And, in a time of some
2 | 2007 AT&T Annual Report
  
 uncertainty and volatility in the global economy, they also demonstrate the strength of our operations and the confidence we have in the future of our business.
Transformation in a Growth Industry
Beyond our financial results, AT&T’s most important achievement has been to transform our company for industry leadership in four key areas.
FIRST, we have built the United States’ largest wireless business while delivering the industry’s greatest improvement in wireless operating metrics. Just over three years ago, Cingular Wireless, in which we owned a majority stake, acquired AT&T Wireless. That acquisition gave Cingular nationwide coverage. Then the BellSouth acquisition gave us 100 percent ownership of Cingular. Today, AT&T operates the nation’s largest wireless digital voice and data network, with more than 70 million subscribers and the broadest international reach.
AT&T 2007 PRO FORMA CUSTOMER REVENUE MIX
                                                                 2007 AT&T Annual Report | 3
  
AT&T WIRELESS SUBSCRIBERS
IN SERVICE
Wireless subscribers have increased
by nearly 43 percent since 2004.
Over these same three years, we’ve delivered the industry’s largest improvement in customer loyalty and led the industry in bringing innovative smartphones to market, including collaborating with Apple on the highly successful, exclusive U.S. launch of their iPhone. In that time, we’ve also added more wireless subscribers than any other U.S. provider. In the process, we have positioned our company as the leader in defining the next generation of wireless products and services.
SECOND, we have energized and expanded the industry’s premier enterprise business. Just over two years ago, our acquisition of the former AT&T Corp. gave us a world-class set of assets to serve large U.S. and multinational companies. In the second half of 2007, we saw enterprise service revenues return to growth a year ahead of plan, and we anticipate growth in overall enterprise revenues in 2008.
We’ve invested in new capabilities and have executed well, and business customers have responded enthusiastically to the total range of innovative services we deliver with world-class reliability. And thanks to customer demand for more mobile communications, more Internet-based applications and expansive global connectivity, we have additional growth opportunities in 2008 and beyond.
THIRD, we have greatly expanded broadband access to the Internet. Broadband is becoming the primary connection for linking consumers and businesses to entertainment and information. We lead the industry with more than 14 million broadband subscribers, and through the broadest U.S. Wi-Fi footprint, we’re making high speed Internet access mobile. And by the end of 2008, our Wi-Fi footprint will include more than 7,000 Starbucks locations in the U.S.
Broadband usage is ramping. Customers are demanding higher speeds for such bandwidth-hungry applications as video. And there’s substantial growth potential ahead as we make broadband access increasingly seamless across wired and mobile devices.
LAST, we are well under way with a major network transformation to build a seamless all-Internet Protocol (IP) infrastructure as the foundation for future growth. In a connectivity-driven world, IP is the future. It creates a platform for wired and wireless services that truly work together for our customers. AT&T is building the fastest Internet backbone in the U.S., and we are the only major U.S. communications company deploying a pure, 100 percent IP video network. Our next-generation AT&T U-verseSM service—which delivers interactive TV, broadband and voice—ramped throughout 2007 to more than 231,000 TV customers. We expect to end 2008 with more than 1 million U-verse TV customers and to expand our network deployment to 30 million customer locations by the end of 2010.
These major transformations form the foundation of AT&T’s future as an integrated wireless, wired, voice, data and video company that connects our customers to their world, everywhere they live and work. And we’ll do that better than anyone else. That’s because at every level—local, national, global—we’ve shaped ourselves around meeting our customers’ total needs. We’ve built a company around our customers. That’s the new AT&T.
                                                        AT&T BROADBAND
SUBSCRIBERS IN SERVICE
AT&T is the No. 1 U.S. broadband provider.
                                                             EARNINGS PER SHARE
AT&T has delivered 11 consecutive quarters of year-over-year double-digit growth in adjusted EPS.
                                                                                              4 | 2007 AT&T Annual Report

   This couldn’t be a more exciting time to lead our company, as we move forward in an environment in which our scale, resources and commitment to financial discipline are critical strengths.
Connecting With Communities
Our vision of connecting people also shapes our role to lead the more than 300,000 talented men and women as a corporate citizen. For us, corporate citizenship who are the heart and hands of our company.
begins with investing in our own employees. We’re proud to work with unions like the Communications Workers of America and International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers to create and preserve jobs that pay well and have good benefits and ample opportunities for training and advancement.
We also work hard to strengthen our communities
and help sustain the world we all share. Going forward, we’ll be placing an even sharper focus on supporting education and workforce readiness. Alarming high school dropout rates in the United States threaten the nation’s economic vitality. As America’s parents, teachers, administrators and community leaders continue to do their part, we believe that it’s important for businesses to step up, too. And we will.
The AT&T Team
This couldn’t be a more exciting time to lead our company, as we move forward in an environment in which our scale, resources and commitment to financial discipline are critical strengths.
It’s an environment that puts a premium on having
an outstanding employee team. AT&T is led by proven executives with broad, diverse operational experience. They are the industry’s best, and together we are honored
In June 2007, Edward E. Whitacre Jr. retired after serving as our company’s chairman and chief executive officer for more than 17 years. Ed Whitacre led our company with great integrity, vision and wisdom. As the architect of the new AT&T, he transformed our business and, in the process, an entire industry. On behalf of our Board of Directors and employees, we thank Ed for his many contributions.
Most of all, I want to thank you, our stockholders, for your confidence. We have rich opportunities ahead of us—and I look forward to reporting to you on our continuing progress. There’s much, much more to come.
Sincerely,
Randall Stephenson
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President February 8, 2008
       2007 AT&T Annual Report | 5
 