 To Our Stockholders
Edward E. Whitacre Jr. Chairman
Chief Executive Officer AT&T Inc.
AT&T is a company with a tradition of delivering on our promises. I’m pleased to report that in 2006, we continued that tradition. We promised to increase stockholder value, and we did. We promised to position our company for long-term growth, and we did.
The year also marked another step in a strategy to establish AT&T as the leader in nearly every industry segment. Our acquisition of BellSouth Corporation, which allowed us to consolidate ownership of Cingular Wireless, was the latest major step in executing that strategy. That acquisition secured AT&T’s position as the global standard-bearer in communications for many years to come.
We have arrived at this point after a series of moves that transformed our company and changed the industry. And, as owners in the business, you might ask what
the new AT&T is all about.
That is a fair question, which I am pleased to answer. The new AT&T is ...
To Our Stockholders : : 2006 AT&T Annual Report : : 
 
  The Nation’s Wireless Leader
By the end of 2006, we served 61 million wireless customers. We have the nation’s largest wireless digital voice and data network. And 2006 wireless revenues totaled $37.5 billion, generating our highest-ever wireless net income of $2.5 billion.
Today, we own one of the most advanced and robust wireless networks anywhere, and we are making the most of the opportunity. For example, we now offer
high speed Internet access on wireless handsets in more than 165 U.S. cities, allowing customers to download videos, e-mail, games and music faster than ever. We also migrated virtually all of our wireless traffic to our advanced GSM network. Using a single worldwide technology standard like GSM makes us more cost-efficient and accelerates
the rollout of next-generation products.
That’s why we were selected as the only U.S. wireless carrier to sell the much-anticipated Apple iPhone. This truly revolutionary product combines a mobile phone, widescreen video iPod and Internet access into a single device.
A Leader in Serving Business Customers
in the United States and Around the World
In almost every category, we continued to be the U.S. leader in meeting the always-growing communications needs of businesses of all sizes.
To keep pace with our customers — and to keep ahead of our competitors — we continued to invest in state-of-the-art technology and to improve our capabilities. Our acquisition of USinternetworking strengthened our position in the growing application management services market.
LEFT: Ed Whitacre, Chairman and CEO, greets new members of the AT&T family at a merger launch event in January 007.
RIGHT: BellSouth rebranding began immediately after the acquisition closed on December 9, 006.
And we expanded our reach in key Asian markets, with strategic relationships in India and Vietnam. In fact, we were the first foreign telecom operator to be granted a license
to provide telecom services in India.
We also tapped new markets by making products and services originally designed for large businesses, such as network security and business-continuity services, available to small and midsized businesses. As a result, small and midsized business revenue in our local service territory grew at a double-digit pace in the second half of the year.
Leading the IP Revolution
AT&T is a leader in transitioning customers to services that rely on Internet Protocol (IP). IP technology lowers costs and allows for integrated platforms and service offerings that transform the way customers use their PCs, wireless devices and wired phones — even televisions.
Our network is the most robust in the world. It carries more than 9.59 petabytes of data traffic on an average business day — the approximate equivalent of transmitting every printed word in the Library of Congress nearly every minute. And the network reaches almost every country while delivering unrivaled reliability of up to 99.999 percent.
Our superior IP network has positioned AT&T as a premier provider of broadband service to homes and businesses. Today, including DSL, IP television service and satellite, we have more broadband lines in service — more than 12 million — than any of our competitors, and we continue to add subscribers.
Our high speed broadband has opened the door to a new opportunity — video. In fact, our IP-based AT&T U-verseSM service offers much more than video. AT&T U-verse completes the quadruple play of communications and entertainment services — video, voice, data and wireless.
   $0.48
  4Q05 Q06 $0.46 $0.37
Q06 3Q06 4Q06 Reported $0.46 $0.56 $0.50 EPS
$0.63 $0.58
$0.5
$0.6
Adjusted EPS
 AT&T has achieved seven consecutive quarters of double-digit year-over-year growth in adjusted earnings per share.
 : : 2006 AT&T Annual Report : : To Our Stockholders

Committed to Delivering
World-Class Customer Service
New technology is exciting. However, one thing that separates us from our peers is how we treat our customers, and we are constantly evaluating how to provide the best service. We continue to implement a number of improvements in our customer service capabilities, which have allowed us to resolve even more customer issues on the first — and only — call to us.
We have introduced faster installations, which can now be done in the evenings and on weekends, and DSL plans without early termination fees.
For our business customers, we have reduced the time it takes to provide some services by as much as 75 percent and introduced innovations such as a pilot program to significantly reduce errors in customer billing. As a result of our commitment to service, AT&T has won numerous industry analyst awards for customer service, network reliability and product innovation.
Fortune Magazine’s 2006 “Most Admired” Telecommunications
Company in America and in the World
A Respected Leader in American Business
AT&T’s industry leadership extends beyond the products and services we provide. We are proud that in the past year AT&T has been recognized for its unwavering commitment to diversity and inclusion, receiving more than 20 notable awards and recognitions.
Forbes Magazine’s 2007 “Company of the Year”
An Engine for Creating Stockholder Value
By any measure, we had a great year. But I’m most proud
of the value we returned to our stockholders. Our total stockholder return in 2006 was more than 53 percent, the second-highest return for all Dow industrials stocks. We also achieved our seventh consecutive quarter of adjusted double-digit year-over-year EPS growth. And adjusted EPS for the year was 36 percent higher than in 2005.
We also demonstrated our commitment to stockholder value by launching a plan to repurchase $10 billion in stock by the end of 2007, and we got a strong start toward this goal by repurchasing $2.7 billion in 2006. In addition, we increased our dividend for the 22nd consecutive year — a record unmatched in our industry.
Positioned for a Strong 2007
Given all that we have achieved, some might say that 2006 will be a tough act to follow. I disagree. In many ways, in 2006, we only set the stage for this year. As we move into 2007, our goals are to:
n Build on our success in wireless by continuing to add subscribers, generating higher data revenues and boosting margins.
n Deliver the value of the BellSouth acquisition.
n Strengthen our ability to compete in the video market
as we scale our new video services.
n Grow our enterprise business.
n Continue to build AT&T as the brand that our current and future customers rely on to meet all of their communications and entertainment needs.
Most important, we’ll continue to work hard to deliver value to our stockholders. I am grateful for your confidence, and I look forward to the opportunities ahead for AT&T.
Edward E. Whitacre Jr.
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 26, 2007
 To Our Stockholders : : 2006 AT&T Annual Report : : 3
