To Our Shareholders

TDS' mission is to provide outstanding communication services to our customers and meet the needs of our shareholders, our people and our communities. In pursuing this mission, we seek to continuously grow our businesses, create opportunities for our associates and employees, and steadily build value over the long term for our shareholders.
Consolidated Operating Results TDS increased revenues in 2012, though profitability was impacted by wireless equipment subsidies, reduced regulatory support and initiative spending. our primary business units--U.S. Cellular and TDS Telecom--made solid progress during the year on their strategic initiatives. · U.S. Cellular improved gross customer additions through more effective marketing, advertising and in-store execution, and by offering prepaid and postpaid service in Walmart stores nationwide. postpaid churn remained high, however. · U.S. Cellular successfully transitioned more customers to the expanded 4G LTE network, reducing the need for capital expenditures on legacy networks. · U.S. Cellular drove smartphone penetration and data use, and increased average revenue per postpaid customer with a strong device portfolio, though higher subsidies for 4G LTE devices impacted profitability. · U.S. Cellular agreed to divest certain underperforming markets in the Midwest to focus resources on markets with stronger growth potential. · TDS Telecom increased ILEC residential broadband speeds and penetration, and offered TDS TV® in a total of 10 markets by year end. Seventy percent of ILEC residential customers had double- or triple-play bundles at the end of 2012. · TDS Telecom increased total commercial managedIp connections 77 percent and expanded the product portfolio. · TDS Hosted and Managed Services acquisitions drove commercial revenue growth for TDS Telecom. · Both U.S. Cellular and TDS Telecom continued to be impacted by reduced regulatory revenues in 2012, and we continued to advocate to maintain the support that helps us to provide outstanding service to our customers. Building Value for Shareholders TDS is committed to growing shareholder value over the long term, and to maintaining an open dialogue with our investors. We continue to evaluate operational, structural and financial opportunities to strengthen the company and use our resources to support profitable growth. To simplify our capital structure and increase financial flexibility, we implemented a Share Consolidation that was approved by shareholders and went into effect in January of 2012. The Share Consolidation reclassified each Special Common Share as a Common Share on a onefor-one basis, and reclassified each Common Share and Series A Common Share as 1.087 Common Shares and 1.087 Series A Common Shares, respectively. Divesting certain underperforming U.S. Cellular markets (Divestiture Markets), as announced in November 2012, will strengthen our competitive position by enabling us to invest in our Core Markets that have stronger growth potential. We expect the transaction to close by mid2013. We also expect to generate substantial proceeds from the eventual sale of assets related to the transaction, including spectrum and towers. We maintained a strong balance sheet in 2012, giving us the flexibility to invest in business infrastructure, and in operational and growth initiatives. For example, the Baja Broadband acquisition, announced in early 2013, allows us to leverage TDS Telecom's capabilities to achieve higher returns over time. We also continued to expand our TDS Hosted and Managed Services business to build value in a high-growth industry.
Liquidity
(in millions)

$741 Cash and cash equivalents $700 Available credit facilities $116 Short-term government-backed securities $50 Long-term government-backed securities

TELEpHoNE AND DATA SySTEMS

1

J.D. Power Customer Service Champion, 2012
Differentiating through the Customer Experience U.S. Cellular is more committed than ever to differentiating in the marketplace through outstanding customer experiences. In 2012, the company enhanced the areas that matter most to its customers--with a wider range of devices, expanded 4G LTE access, and more service plans--and communicated U.S. Cellular's unique benefits more effectively. Through the Hello Better advertising campaign, U.S. Cellular leveraged both traditional and social media to deliver messages that encouraged dissatisfied wireless consumers to switch to a better wireless experience with U.S. Cellular. The company also added comprehensive online sales and service capabilities, enhanced the retail store customer experience, and expanded its distribution through Walmart. In addition, U.S. Cellular targeted key postpaid customer segments, like families and small and medium businesses, with relevant offers and plans. Through these initiatives, U.S. Cellular increased gross postpaid customer additions compared to 2011, and achieved positive net prepaid additions. The company is working to improve retention by using customer analytics to more effectively identify customers at risk of leaving and deliver timely and targeted messages and offers.

Best Customer Experience Among Wireless Carriers, The Customer Experience Index, 2013 Forrester Research, Inc., January 2013
Increasing Smartphone Sales and Data Use U.S. Cellular drove smartphone sales in 2012 with its strongest ever range of smartphones, tablets and feature phones, and improved launch timing that enabled the company to introduce iconic 4G LTE devices at the same time as its national competitors. At the end of 2012, smartphone customers were 42 percent of the postpaid base, compared to 30 percent at the end of 2011. Smartphones were 56 percent of all devices sold in the year, and 4G LTE smartphones in particular were 22 percent of all devices sold in the year. To better monetize the resulting growth in data traffic, U.S. Cellular introduced a range of tiered data plans. The growth in smartphone penetration and data use increased average revenue per postpaid customer by four percent in 2012, to $54.32. While profitability was impacted by higher subsidies for 4G LTE devices, U.S. Cellular expects to realize more of the network capacity benefits of 4G LTE as the majority of its customers migrate to the faster network. This will also result in lower capital expenditures on legacy networks.

2

TELEpHoNE AND DATA SySTEMS

"Highest Network Quality Performance Among Wireless Cell Phone Users in North Central Region" ­ J.D. Power and Associates
Investing for the Future U.S. Cellular expanded 4G LTE access to 61 percent of postpaid customers in 2012, in conjunction with its partner King Street Wireless, and plans to reach 87 percent of postpaid customers by the end of 2013. The company also increased network capacity in 2012 with 146 additional cell sites. At the same time, U.S. Cellular launched initiatives to empower customers to better manage their data use, and to reduce data costs. For example, the company began preloading its Wi-Fi Now application on most Android® devices in the fourth quarter. The application enables customers to automatically connect to available Wi-Fi networks and hotspots, reducing the data traffic demands on U.S. Cellular's network. To support our long-term growth strategies and increase operational efficiency, we prepared to roll out our new billing and operational support system in 2013. While this initiative will increase operating expenses in 2013, it will begin providing cost benefits and operating efficiencies in 2014.

Average Revenue Per Postpaid Customer
$60

$51.20
$50 $40 $30 $20 $10 0
08

$51.22

$50.77

$52.20

$54.32

09

10

11

12

Smartphone Customers as a Percentage of Postpaid Customers
45% 40% 35% 30% 25% 20% 15% 10% 5% 0
08 09 10 11 12

42%

30%

17%

4%

7%

TELEpHoNE AND DATA SySTEMS

3

TDS Telecom

Driving Broadband Growth TDS Telecom made progress on its broadband strategy in 2012, increasing penetration by offering competitive data speeds, and by bundling broadband service with video and voice services. At the end of the year, ILEC residential broadband penetration was 65 percent of primary residential lines, with 71 percent of ILEC residential broadband customers having 5 Mbps or faster speeds, and 26 percent having 10 Mbps or faster speeds. TDS Telecom also made progress on its stimulus projects to bring broadband access to underserved rural communities.

ILEC Residential Customers by Broadband Speed
5 Mbps or faster 10 Mbps or faster

80% 70% 60% 50% 40% 30% 20% 10% 0 09 10 11 12

71% 62%

41% 26% 14% 8% 8% 19%

Increasing Residential Customer Loyalty Customers with two or more services from TDS Telecom are much less likely to churn than customers with only one service. That's why the company offers a wide range of value-oriented bundles that include combinations of broadband and voice services, and TDS TV® or DISH NetworkTM video services. TDS Telecom strengthened its bundling strategy by expanding TDS TV to new markets in 2012, bringing a high-quality video experience and outstanding support to more of its customers. By the end of the year, 70 percent of ILEC residential customers had double- or triple-play bundles, compared to 67 percent in 2011.


ILEC Residential Bundle Penetration
Triple Play Double Play

80% 70% 60% 50% 40% 30% 20% 10% 0 
08 0910 11 12

62% 56% 48%

67%

70%

4

telephone and data systems

Building a Strong Commercial Base Attracting small and midsized commercial customers is a key growth focus for TDS Telecom, and the company made substantial progress in 2012. TDS Telecom achieved a 77 percent increase in customers for its managedIp voice and data communications solution, which enables business customers to improve productivity without making a large capital investment. The company expanded the portfolio in 2012 with managedIp Hosted, which provides fully managed services at a flat rate. As more midsized businesses outsource their IT functions, TDS Hosted and Managed Services (HMS) is integrating its capabilities to provide comprehensive solutions for this growing market. Following the acquisition of solution provider Vital Support Systems in 2012, TDS HMS introduced ReliaCloudTM, an enterprise cloud solution housed in TDS' Tier III data centers. TDS HMS will continue to strengthen its position as a trusted provider to businesses--and drive commercial revenue growth--by building a robust portfolio of secure and reliable outsourced IT services.

managed IP Connections
(in thousands)
100 90 80 70 60 50 40 30 20 10 0

95

54

30 15 3
08 09 10 11 12

Leveraging Expertise to Grow in New Markets TDS' acquisition of Baja Broadband, expected to close later in 2013, supports TDS Telecom's residential and commercial strategies. The combination of cable and broadband is a natural extension of TDS Telecom's business, enabling the company to leverage its expertise, platform and technologies. There is strong potential to increase residential and commercial penetration in Baja's markets, and achieve higher returns over the long term.

oTHeR TDS SUBSIDIARIeS

Suttle-Straus Suttle-Straus, a marketing and graphic communications solutions provider, continued to improve its performance in 2012, increasing its commercial client base and enhancing its bundled packages of marketing services, from creative development through print and distribution. Suttle-Straus also improved margins and increased efficiency through continuous improvement initiatives.

Airadigm Communications Airadigm Communications, Inc. offers advance pay mobile services to customers in Wisconsin through its AirFire Mobile brand. Airadigm operates independently of U.S. Cellular.

TELEpHoNE AND DATA SySTEMS

5

looKING FoRWARD

our companies' highest priorities in 2013 are to accelerate customer and revenue growth and maintain efficient cost structures. We're competing aggressively to attract new customers, and we're building loyalty with high-quality services and products, and outstanding experiences.

U.S. Cellular In 2013, U.S. Cellular plans to: · Increase subscriber growth through effective advertising, marketing and retention strategies · Enhance the effectiveness of its distribution channels to improve sales and service · Attract small and medium businesses and other key postpaid customer segments with highly targeted and relevant solutions · Broaden its distribution network by being in more places customers want to shop · Drive smartphone penetration and data use with a highly competitive portfolio of devices, including Android® and Windows® devices · Encourage migration to 4G LTE by bringing access to at least 87 percent of postpaid customers and introducing at least 11 new 4G LTE devices · Better manage equipment subsidies and data use costs · Implement the new billing and operational support system · Increase efficiency and reduce complexity and cost across the company · Successfully transition the Divestiture Markets

TDS Telecom In 2013, TDS Telecom plans to: · Build residential market share by increasing data speeds, offering attractive service bundles and gaining loyalty through superior customer service · Increase TDS TV® penetration in existing markets · Make significant progress toward completing broadband stimulus projects · Continue to expand the managedIp customer base and product portfolio to drive strong growth · Further integrate the TDS Hosted and Managed Services business to develop comprehensive endto-end IT solutions · Drive residential and commercial customer and revenue growth through the Baja Broadband acquisition

We want to take this opportunity to thank the associates and employees of the TDS companies for their dedication to providing outstanding services, products and experiences to our customers. Thank you also to our shareholders and debt holders for your continuing support of our long-term strategies.

Sincerely,

LeRoy T. Carlson, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer

Walter C.D. Carlson Chairman of the Board

6

TELEpHoNE AND DATA SySTEMS

