      Recent Awards and Honors
• Fortune 500 — ranked 117th in the nation
• Fortune’s Most Admired Companies
— ranked 2nd in electronics & office equipment wholesalers category
• BusinessWeek Info Tech 100 — ranked 3rd in the nation
             2
Our fiscal year that ended January 31, 2002, clearly showed how responsive this company is to changing market conditions. Despite the economic recession’s dramatic impact on the IT industry, Tech Data generated net income of $128.6 million on sales of $17.2 billion, or $2.27 per diluted share, excluding special charges totaling $17.8 million net of taxes recorded during the second and third quarters.
Tech Data’s balance sheet is among the strongest in the industry. Over the course of the fiscal year we reduced net indebtedness by $990 million, resulting in a ratio of debt to capital of 36%. We proficiently managed costs and delivered excellent service levels as we strengthened operations throughout the world.
We’ve faced many challenges throughout our 27-year history. Our corporate culture, operational knowledge and leadership have grown along the way with Tech Data’s charter to provide technology solution providers the products and services they need to do business. In every discipline we can depend on extensive management depth. A seasoned management team — each member averaging 9 years of industry experience — leads this motivated, responsive workforce that reaffirms Tech Data as the ideal business partner.
Strong leaders, however, can only excel if they have talented, committed and creative professionals on the team. Employee contributions were invaluable in making this difficult fiscal year a successful one. Their efforts are greatly appreciated and take on new meaning as the company becomes more specialized in step with industry trends. Whether developing online tools that streamline processes, configuring a computer telephony solution, or analyzing purchasing trends to optimize the availability of a hot product, our associates are the lifeblood of the company.
Our employees are the reason we were named to Fortune’s Most Admired Company listing, ahead of all competitors. Employee dedication resulted in Forbes naming us for the fourth consecutive year to its Platinum 400 ranking of the nation’s “best big companies.” And, in November, Business Week placed us 3rd overall on its Info Tech 100 ranking of the best- performing companies in IT. The Info Tech 100 listing, which scores companies on revenues, revenue growth, return on equity, total return and profits, credited Tech Data as keeping “a tight lid on costs” in what the magazine described as the industry’s “best category” —
IT services and distributors. Again, our people are what made such esteemed honors possible.
Operational Excellence
These accomplishments truly reflect Tech Data’s operational excellence. During the past decade, we reduced selling, general and administrative expenses from nearly 7% of sales to 3.9% this fiscal year, the lowest SG&A in the industry. E-business enhancements led to online sales totaling 31% of our fourth-quarter worldwide revenue, up from 25% in the year-ago quarter. Activity-Based Costing (ABC) capabilities in the U.S. supported key decisions, enabling the company to maximize results with both customers and vendor partners.
We are introducing ABC tools in other countries and sharing best practices across our worldwide enterprise to continue optimizing overall performance.
Through careful analysis and monitoring of technology trends, we are refining our product offering to meet customers’ evolving solution requirements as well as our corporate objectives. Adept purchasing, asset management and logistics expertise keep us where we need to be on the technology spectrum, while ensuring our costs remain aligned with demand.
3
Tech Data Corporation
Letter to Shareholders
Tech Data Corporation Letter to Shareholders
 to
 our
Shareholders:
   2002 Summary Annual Report
2002 Summary Annual Report

     Tech Data Corporation Letter to Shareholders
Tech Data Corporation
Letter to Shareholders
  Some of our recent vendor partnerships included pan- European contracts with Intel, Western Digital, IBM Technology Group and Maxtor. HP’s large-format printers were added in the U.K., and Germany picked up Extreme Networks products as well as Sony VAIO laptops in an agreement that includes distribution in Austria. Check Point, PictureTel and Polycom (which subsequently merged), and StorageTek were among the vendors joining our U.S. lineup. Many existing vendors also introduced new products through our international network of logistics centers. We thank all of our vendor partners and customers for their support over the past year and look forward to increasing our business with
them.
Our Specialized Business Units (SBUs) are designed to facilitate the procurement and
deployment of emerging technology solutions in promising areas such as networking, digital imaging and software licensing. Dedicated resources develop the services and relationships to succeed in these areas, while leveraging targeted marketing programs.
SBUs give Tech Data the ability to further diversify by reaching out to other lucrative niche business channels. Our newly formed Enterprise Solutions business will focus on the enterprise market, providing support to customers that sell, install and service comprehensive NT-server-based computing solutions. Whatever direction the market takes, Tech Data will be there.
Collaborative Supply Chain Management
Success in our industry is largely predicated on how well we partner with customers and vendors, not only to drive sales but also to mutually reduce costs of doing business. Through collaborative supply chain management initiatives, we continue to advance the cost-effectiveness and efficiency of our business model. Whether addressing pricing procedures, strategic market penetration or special bid situations, we strive to do whatever we can to make our engagement more vital, more productive and more beneficial to all participants.
Technological advances, such as online software licensing tools and XML-based systems integration, streamline our service delivery to customers and vendors. Intranet capabilities and customer relationship management systems augment our internal processes.
Tech Data’s infrastructure also delivers the added value that solution providers require, while handling the massive transaction volume that sustains our industry.
Customers enjoy unparalleled service and attention to their multifaceted needs. Our role is crucial — and gratifying
— especially considering how together we help fuel business innovation and economic prosperity. Technology, after all, is the backbone of modern business.
Although the timing of a recovery from the IT industry’s down cycle is unclear, it’s evident that we’ll be in a strong position when the rebound occurs. We have the strategy and talented people to drive our continued success. We have the partnerships, the vision and the opportunity to capitalize on new business directions. We are fully prepared for a promising future as the global IT distribution industry’s leader in cost efficiency, profitability, service levels and targeted market penetration.
We thank you for your support as a valued shareholder of Tech Data Corporation, an investment at the center of the technology supply chain.
Steven A. Raymund
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
    4
Néstor Cano 5 President of Worldwide Operations
  SBUs give Tech Data the ability to further diversify by reaching out to other lucrative niche business channels.
   2002 Summary Annual Report
    2002 Summary Annual Report
   