 2 / TECH DATA CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
      Steven A. Raymund
Dear Valued Shareholder:
“TECH DATA HAS RISEN FASTER ON THE FORTUNE 500® THAN ANY OTHER COMPANY [OVER THE PAST 10 YEARS]...IT HAS OUTSMARTED RIVALS BY KEEPING EXPENSES AND DEBT LOW. BOOM OR BUST, SMART MANAGEMENT NEVER GOES OUT OF STYLE.”
FORTUNE 500® “HALL OF FAME” APRIL 18, 2005
  Néstor Cano
FISCAL 2005 WAS AN OUTSTANDING YEAR FOR TECH DATA CORPORATION.
The results we achieved speak volumes about the company, its employees, leadership and business management practices. While we anticipated a good year in fiscal 2005, we actually out- paced our own expectations as we consistently met or exceeded the high end of our quarterly sales and net income goals.
Fiscal 2005 net sales increased nearly 14 percent to $19.8 bil- lion, with 43 percent of sales in the Americas and 57 percent in EMEA (Europe, Middle East and export to Africa). Operating income increased 42 percent to $235.5 million, and net income grew 56 percent to $162.5 million, or $2.74 per diluted share. Fiscal 2005 net income includes a benefit of $11.5 million, or $.19 per diluted share, for the reversal of previously accrued taxes as a result of the favorable resolution of certain tax-related matters. Fiscal 2004 results include ten months of results of operations from the company’s Azlan Group Limited (“Azlan”) acquired on March 31, 2003.
We faced tough competition during the year, but some key Tech Data advantages made the difference: strong balance sheet management, dynamic inventory practices, diligent control of
Selling, General & Administrative (SG&A) expense and precise execution. We demonstrated an adept ability to respond and adjust to diverse market conditions, capitalizing on business opportunities in the Americas and EMEA with customers of all sizes. In addition to dramatically improving our year-over-year operating results and earnings per share, we generated strong cash flow and concluded the fiscal year with a debt-to-capital ratio of 16 percent, ranking among the best in company history.
ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS
We’re pleased to share this good news with you, yet we take care to put our past performance into proper perspective. We’re all familiar with companies that emphasize what they want you to think more than what they have done or need to do. The Tech Data way is to focus more on today and the future— and to keep you, our vendors, customers and employees can- didly informed about where we are and where we’re headed.
Some key trends support our optimism as we look ahead. Indirect selling through distributors and resellers is projected to continue growing at a faster rate than sales made directly by IT vendors, according to a Gartner, Inc. study published last year. Original equipment manufacturers and designers increas- ingly recognize that they should concentrate on developing good products and related core services. Considering Tech Data’s SG&A expense in fiscal 2005 was a mere 4.43 percent of sales, the math paints a compelling picture for IT vendors to leverage our distribution and logistics capabilities, as well as the multifaceted programs and services we develop for the reseller/solution provider channel.
We also are confident that we are making the right types of long-term investments to support our ongoing success, such as our systems upgrade and harmonization project in EMEA.
FORTUNE 500 is a registered trademark of FORTUNE magazine, a division of Time Inc.
 
    2005AR/3
              Delivering Solid Worldwide Results
42%
YEAR-OVER-YEAR OPERATING INCOME GROWTH
In fiscal 2005, we completed the migration of the majority of our revenue in EMEA to the mySAP Business Suite platform. It’s one of the many measures Tech Data has taken to build for the future while delivering value today.
While our fiscal 2005 performance was strong, we still believe we have room for improvement in the future. We are focused on increasing productivity, refining pricing practices, generat- ing more consistent performance across all country operations and increasing our overall return on capital employed.
We are enthusiastic about continued growth opportunities in many different IT solution categories, including digital environ- ments, POS/data capture, storage and security, networking, server and PC blades, voice-over IP as well as other telephony areas. Our ability to continually grow our product offering in step with customer demand has greatly supported our success over the years, and this expertise will undoubtedly keep us on the cutting edge going forward.
Our extensive e-business capabilities represent yet another strategic priority. Last year, more than 37 percent of Tech Data’s worldwide sales originated from orders received electroni- cally. We are proud of the advances we’ve made on this front, but we also have plans in progress and new developments coming to fruition that should make our online tools even more powerful.
REPUTATION FOR EXCELLENCE
As a distributor, we’re not the type of company you’d expect to see with a high-profile public persona, despite, for example, our status as 110th on the FORTUNE 500®. We are more visible behind the scenes in the heart of today’s technology world.
What matters most is our reputation in this industry and our ability to continually deliver on customer, vendor and share- holder expectations.
We expect to further advance our leadership position through innovation—and through many of the same ways that have set Tech Data apart from its competition over the past 30 years. It all begins with our worldwide team of more than 8,500 employees. They deserve the credit and our thanks for making fiscal 2005 a great year.
As fellow shareholders, we hope that you are well aware of Tech Data’s reputation for excellence and that you share in our optimism. We greatly appreciate your support and invest- ment in the company.
Steven A. Raymund
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
Néstor Cano
President, Worldwide Operations
  