 DEAR VALUED SHAREHOLDER:
For the third consecutive year, technology solution providers chose
Tech Data as the overall “preferred source,” according to the 2005 CRN Sourcing Study, published by the leading U.S. reseller channel trade publication.
Tech Data Corporation
 2
 Tech Data Corporation generated record sales of $20.5 billion for
the fiscal year ended January 31, 2006. Our Americas team excelled, increasing revenue by nearly 12 percent and operating income by 10 percent over the prior year. In EMEA (Europe, the Middle East and export sales to Africa), we faced challenges and responded by initiating a significant restructuring program to drive recovery and establish a solid foundation for our long-term future
in this region.
STRONG AMERICAS RESULTS Diligent pricing and margin management, excellent service and strong customer engagement enabled our Americas team to profitably grow our business during the year. We did well managing the credit we extend to customers, minimizing bad debt expense and maximizing selling potential. E-business advances, focused cost control and continuous improvement through-
out our Americas operations also contributed to our leading position in this region.
Our strong Americas growth during the fiscal year was supported by many product categories, including wireless solutions, digital imaging, printers, notebooks, point-of-sale systems, components, storage and security software. For the third consecutive year, technology solution providers chose Tech Data as the overall “preferred source,” according to the 2005 CRN Sourcing Study, published by the leading U.S. reseller channel trade publication.
THE RIGHT COURSE IN EMEA We began the fiscal year in EMEA with
   disappointing results, as first-quarter sales declined approximately 4 percent on a local- currency basis compared to the prior-year period, and operating income dropped below our expectations. While the weak demand in EMEA contributed to our operating income short- fall, internal issues also caused distractions that hampered our team from running the daily business at top speed: most notably, a major systems upgrade project—already well in progress across the region—and further integrating operations from an acquired company.
We moved forward in the second quarter with a comprehensive restructuring program to optimize our EMEA cost structure while strengthening purchasing, pricing and sales management practices. Although cutting costs was a major goal of the program, given

2006 Annual Report
 3
our market share decline, we clearly needed to address customer engagement programs as well. In fact, on a shorter-term basis, we made shoring up our market position a top priority to regain the confidence of our customers, business partners and employees.
After intensifying our focus on service levels and customer satisfaction, as well as market share, we began to win back business and improve operating performance. Sales in local currency rebounded from negative growth in the first and second quarters to approximately 3 percent in the seasonally strong fourth quarter—accelerating over 22 percent on a sequential basis. Operating performance increased steadily as a percent of sales during the third and fourth quarters, with our EMEA region generating nearly $50 million in operating income for the fiscal year, excluding charges related to the restructuring program and related consulting fees.
WHY TECH DATA We believe the earnings potential of Tech Data is much greater than our overall results demonstrated this fiscal year. The reasons for our confidence extend beyond the progress we made during the year and anticipate in the Americas and EMEA going forward.
Today’s pervasive trend toward outsourcing signifies major opportunity for our industry. Manufacturers and publishers rely heavily on specialists in areas ranging from design and production to call center operations, technical support and logistics management. The rationale is simple. Why try to do everything well internally when other companies perform these functions upon demand at exceptionally low cost?
Distribution represents a prime case in point. Consider the vast infrastructure and targeted services that we proficiently provide, with selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses of just 4 percent of sales. More than 90,000 technology resellers and solution providers rely on Tech Data in over 100 countries. We ship millions of orders each year, often
Technology solution providers depend on Tech Data for fast, convenient access
to a comprehensive product offering that includes the latest industry innovations.
   LEADING
IT SOLUTIONS
     
Tech Data Corporation
 Steven A. Raymund
4
Today, I’m particularly enthused about the steps we’re taking to further strengthen our overall corporate culture. With nearly 8,000 employees worldwide, the team is far more diverse— and more talented—than ever. We are setting new standards of excellence, driving more team spirit, and more commitment to shared values and guiding principles. We’re laying the foundation for Tech Data’s success from all perspectives, includ- ing for our shareholders, business partners, customers and team members.
Not long ago, we announced that my role is changing in con- junction with our decision to separate the chairman and CEO positions. Upon appointment of a CEO successor, I will focus exclusively on my duties as chairman in working with our team on opportunities to support Tech Data’s ongoing success. Although my role will be different, my passion and vision for Tech Data remain undiminished. I feel that we’ve been able to create a very good company, recognized with many industry awards and accolades. As we fulfill our potential, we intend to uphold our commitment in making Tech Data a truly great company.
Our optimism is reflected in the $100 million stock buyback program we introduced in the first quarter of the fiscal year and doubled to $200 million during the fourth quarter. We are extremely well-capitalized, planning respectable operating profits in the new fiscal year (excluding charges associated with our EMEA restructuring program) and anticipating significant improvements in our return on invested capital.
Tech Data’s mission remains squarely focused on maximizing the value we provide to you, our fellow shareholders. Our leadership and worldwide team all share in this commitment. We look forward to a great future together.
Steven A. Raymund
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
 directly to end users while fully retaining our customers’ brand identities. We also handle millions of inbound and outbound contacts at our call centers, and millions of additional transactions take place over our Web pages, including order processing and round-the-clock information access. Technical questions are addressed both online and on the phone daily. And the credit services we offer keep product flowing where it should.
The relationships we have established are equally vital, especially regarding the trust that resellers and solution providers place in us. They know we are dedicated to meeting their unique requirements, with complete product and service offerings tailored specifically to IT channel business models. This one- stop convenience gives our customers the efficiency they demand in sourcing and supporting fully integrated solutions. Our ability to cost-effectively address these needs also gives our business partners peace of mind, as they fulfill the mission to create and market the next innovation—the tools that help businesses and other consumers thrive.
A LEGACY FROM GOOD TO GREAT I look back with considerable pride at my 25 years with Tech Data, being part of such a dynamic and central force in the IT marketplace. We have experienced some setbacks along the way, and I feel especially disappointed in our performance this past year in EMEA. On balance, though, we’ve been able to create an enterprise that provides tremendous service to our business partners and customers, as well as exciting career opportunities for our employees.
  