 Fellow
Shareholders, IT depends on us.
Today, this tenet is more important than ever. as a strategic link in the Information Technology ecosystem, more than 125,000 customers depend on Tech Data to deliver IT solutions from leading hardware, software and services providers around the world. and in fiscal year 2009, we did just that—selling on average over $90 million of IT products a day. Our performance underscores the importance of Tech Data as a critical component in the ever evolving IT ecosystem and also validates our strategy of execution, innovation and diversification.
Our strength in execution delivered record net sales of $24.1 billion in fiscal 2009. We performed well in an IT spending environment that continued to decline as the fiscal year came to a close. We gained share in select markets, particularly europe, and improved our gross margin through solid inventory, pricing and freight management practices. The optimi- zation of our foreign currency hedging practices also benefited our gross margin performance for the year as we quickly executed to recover foreign currency exchange losses in the second half of the year. These efforts, combined with focused cost management initiatives to balance our infrastructure with projected demand, drove our highest operating income margin performance in four years. For fiscal 2009, we generated operating income of $242.2 million, or 1.01 percent of net sales compared to $188.4 million, or .80 percent of net sales in fiscal 2008 (on a non-GaaP basis, fiscal 2008 operating income was $219.0 million, or .93 percent of net sales).
We generated $280 million of cash from operations during the year, ending the fiscal year with a NeT CaSH position of $108 million. Our strong balance sheet is
a differentiating asset for Tech Data, particularly in a difficult macro-economic environment. While cash conservation is an important component of our finan- cial strategy, we are also making wise investments in strategic, tuck-in acquisitions that leverage Tech Data’s existing infrastructure, like our seamless acquisition of the assets of Scribona Nordics aB during the second quarter of fiscal 2009. We also completed a $100 million stock repurchase program during the year, bringing our total repurchases to $400 million over the past four years.
Improving the way we do business through the deploy- ment of new technologies strengthens our competi- tiveness and creates stronger customer retention. During fiscal 2009, we completed several initiatives to support our innovation strategy including the imple- mentation of our SaP Warehouse Management System (WMS) platform across our eight North american logistics centers. Our well-executed deployment of SaP WMS has reduced new employee training time, elimi- nated steps and paperwork in the parcel pick process, and improved overall order accuracy. We also believe our implementation of Tech Data’s pan-european SaP system completed in 2006 continues to provide a com- petitive advantage in the marketplace. This powerful system provides our team with real-time information that enables them to make more efficient and informed decisions regarding inventory levels, pricing, customer buying patterns and order shipping status from any of
Dear

 Tech daTa corporaTIon 2009 aNNUaL rePOrT
our european locations. Our improving performance
in europe validates the value we’re receiving from this strategic investment. Other initiatives like our recent enhancements to Tech Data’s MyLeadTracker applica- tion are driving new sales in North america by alerting resellers of potential hardware, software and services upgrade opportunities. This internally developed applica- tion is a perfect example of our constant effort to attract and retain customers through the use of IT systems.
Finally, our efforts focused on diversification are delivering results and strengthening our position
as a leading technology distribution company. Our Brightstar europe joint venture continued to gain traction in our selected markets—the UK and Spain— and in February 2009 we entered the German mobile handset market with the opening of a new Brightstar europe office. What started as a greenfield operation with a single mobile vendor partner on our european line-card, is now a formidable mobile distribution operation with increasing market share. In February 2009, we shipped our one millionth handset. Brightstar europe’s product portfolio continues to grow and includes leading handset and netbook manufacturers like Samsung, LG Mobile, Sony ericsson, HP and asus.
We continue to explore new opportunities that will diversify our product offering and provide new and existing customers with industry leading IT alternatives. recent vendor additions in the americas demonstrate our strength and position in the marketplace. We added leading software virtualization player VMware to our advanced Infrastructure Systems (aIS) portfolio during fiscal 2009 and in the months following year end we announced an expanded agreement with Sharp to dis- tribute LCD TVs, a growing product area for Tech Data both in the americas and europe. In March 2009 we also added a line of Dell laptop and desktop systems to our U.S. product portfolio when Dell announced they were going to expand their use of the IT distribu- tion channel to reach the small and medium business (SMB) space—one of Tech Data’s customer sweetspots. Partnerships like these validate our strategy and the importance of Tech Data’s value-proposition in the IT ecosystem. Our variable cost route-to-market coverage
model becomes an even more compelling value- proposition to our vendor partners when the economy and IT spending contracts. The distribution channel offers the easiest, most cost-effective way for vendor partners to capitalize on demand in the marketplace and our actions in fiscal 2009 prove that Tech Data and the world’s leading vendors are working together to capitalize on the opportunity.
Fiscal 2010 will undoubtedly be challenging, but we believe our forward-looking strategies and our con- servative, sound financial management practices are strengthening our company while at the same time better positioning Tech Data for long-term success. We have low customer concentration and excellent geographic and industry vertical diversification. We took prudent cost reduction actions throughout fiscal 2009 and continue to improve our sales, inventory and pricing management disciplines. Our long-term customer and vendor partner relationships, coupled with our veteran management team, are poised to serve us well.
The entire team at Tech Data deserves praise for their dedication and execution in fiscal 2009, particularly amid the turbulent environment—one that required prudent, and at times, difficult decisions. and to our shareholders, I am grateful for your commitment and support. Our thirty-five years of serving the IT supply chain have provided Tech Data with the tools and know-how to be successful during both prosperous and challenging cycles. In summary, it is my belief that great companies are made even stronger during tough times. In every decision we make, we are committed to responsibly managing our business, strengthening our position in the marketplace and improving share- holder returns.
Now more than ever, IT depends on Tech Data.
Bob Dutkowsky
Chief executive Officer
                       