Dear Valued Shareholders:
Achieved record worldwide net sales of $21.4 billion
   4.7%
growth
 Execute Diversify Innovate Execute Diversify Innovate Execute Diversify Innovate
 2
Fiscal 2007 marked a year of transition and further alignment for Tech Data. Steve Raymund retired as chief executive officer after 25 years of leadership with the company, and on behalf of the Board of Directors and the entire team at Tech Data, we thank Steve for his vision and tremendous accom- plishments throughout the years. As a veteran industry expert, Steve continues to provide valuable insight in his ongoing role as Tech Data’s Chairman of the Board.
Turning to our financial results, our performance during the year was mixed, as we completed our European restructuring program and continued to stabilize our operations in the region. Our Americas segment executed well, delivering another year of solid performance in a market that remains very competitive. We generated worldwide non-GAAP operating income of $164.3 million while achieving record net sales of $21.4 billion, as we focused on growing our net sales responsibly, at a managed pace. There is still work for us to do, but today we believe our company is stronger, better prepared and more appropriately aligned to prosper in the marketplace.
Since joining the Tech Data team in October 2006, I made it a priority to meet with many of our vendors, customers, employees and shareholders worldwide. What I learned is that most view Tech Data as a significant and strategic player in IT distribution and that our company possesses the business fundamentals, talent and financial strength required to accelerate our success. Throughout my discussions with our various stakeholders, I was often presented with the same key questions about Tech Data and our future. Let me share a few of those questions and my responses with you.
Q>> What is your strategic mission for Tech Data?
As we look ahead into fiscal 2008 and beyond, we will continue to reaffirm three operating objectives that support Tech Data’s strategic mission, drive our growth in the marketplace and position Tech Data for continued success. These include our ability to effectively execute across all levels of our operations, diversify into new and adjacent markets and innovate the way we do business. Tech Data represents a critical route to the market for the world’s largest, most dynamic suppliers of
IT solutions. Our ability to hone our position and deliver upon our operating objectives impacts our success, but more importantly it impacts the success of our vendors and our customers.
Execute. Our company was built on its ability to execute. We buy and sell, then pick, pack and ship tens of thousands of products every day. Through superior execution, we built a dynamic company that in fiscal 2007 distributed over $21 billion in IT products into over 100 countries. Our ability to execute is a competitive advantage, and we’ll look to gain additional leverage from this strength.
Diversify. There is a tremendous opportunity for us to expand and enhance Tech Data’s business prospects via diversification into new and adjacent product markets and geographies while leveraging our current infrastructure and logistics expertise. We’re continually exploring new opportunities to further fuel our growth while we attain our objectives of maximizing profits and increasing return on capital employed.
 
  bringing you the future in technology solutions
 Execute Diversify Innovate
Innovate. In an industry that is constantly evolving, requiring companies to conduct business more effi- ciently, it is critical for Tech Data to continuously invest in innovation to better serve our vendors and customers. For example, through the deployment of warehouse management technologies and e-commerce capabilities, we can improve customer service, better control costs and gain a marked competitive advantage.
By aggressively pursuing these operating objectives, we believe we will continually strengthen our position as a leader in the marketplace. In recent years, our energies have been heavily focused on internal issues as we traversed the challenges in Europe, alongside very competitive market conditions worldwide. With our stabilization efforts progressing in Europe and the continued solid execution of our operations in the Americas, we are committed more than ever to redeploying our energies in the marketplace and advancing our position worldwide.
Q>> Tech Data’s European and Americas operations are markedly different in their structure and recent financial performance. Is Tech Data on track worldwide for long-term, sustainable growth?
Fiscal 2007, specifically the third quarter, marked the completion of several key initiatives in Europe including our restructuring, warehouse regionalization, the integration of our Azlan acquisition and the implementation of a Pan-European SAP system. It was critical for Tech Data to streamline its European infrastructure, rationalize its logistics capabilities and eliminate redundancies, while ultimately building a pan-European operation on
a single state-of-the-art enterprise resource planning (ERP) system. Our improved execution combined with these initiatives began to deliver better results in the second half of fiscal 2007. We will continue to optimize our operations in Europe by leveraging our infrastructure, energizing our sales and marketing execution and targeting products, geographies and customers that offer strong growth and profitability.
The Americas region continued its solid performance in fiscal 2007 with 5.3 percent growth in net sales and an operating margin, excluding stock-based compensation, of 1.61 percent of net sales. While the Americas region remains quite competitive, our superior execution and coverage model continue to deliver results.
In both the Americas and Europe, we carefully managed our product and customer portfolio mix in our effort to deliver responsible growth. This remains a constant objective as we replace under-performing business with a more profitable mix. The small-to-medium sized business (SMB) segment is the fastest growing sector of the IT industry and we continue to expand our SMB coverage model to further penetrate this generally higher margin market.
In fiscal 2008, we will continue to control our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses, but we will also make investments across our operations worldwide in IT enhancements and sales programs that will yield tactical benefits. All of our investments are targeted at better positioning Tech Data for long-term, profitable growth.
 3
   
Robert M. Dutkowsky
   As we look to the future,
we will continue to reaffirm our operating objectives to effectively execute across our operations, diversify into new and adjacent markets, and innovate the way
we do business.
 Execute Diversify Innovate Execute Diversify Innovate Execute Diversify Innovate
Q>> How are you preparing Tech Data for continued success in an industry that continues to evolve and remain particularly competitive?
The challenge of being responsive to changes in technology and the needs of our vendors and customers make it imperative that Tech Data be more innovative, more adept and more daring in its business approach. We put our strategy into action by taking several steps in fiscal 2007 and in the early part of fiscal 2008.
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007, we created the Advanced Infrastructure Systems (AIS) division. The mission of AIS is to diversify Tech Data into emerging technology markets that deliver higher growth with better margins. We believe rapidly evolving solutions like industry standard servers, blades, virtualization, storage and open source software products will change the channel as we know it, and we’re poised to maintain our leadership position as this transition unfolds. The creation of AIS diversifies our business for the future and it positions us as an innovator in the eyes of our vendors and customers.
In February 2007, we announced that we are establishing a joint venture with Brightstar Corp., a world leader in mobile and wireless devices. This evolving relationship will open up the European mobile device market to Tech Data—a market that is expected to grow by 12 percent in 2007 according to industry research. The partnership will position Tech Data in an adjacent technology market, diversifying our business, while allowing us to leverage our established logistics infrastructure and execution capabilities in Europe. This will be the first time Tech Data has entered into a joint venture agreement, making this a truly innovative way for us to accelerate our time to market in this fast growing segment.
In addition to Tech Data’s years of proven success and recent initiatives aimed at furthering our position in the industry, we have maintained a solid financial position. Our cash conversion cycle was 30 days in fiscal 2007, a reduction of three days since fiscal 2004. During fiscal 2007, we completed a $200 million stock repurchase program, purchasing 5.5 million shares—underscoring our commitment and confidence in our future. In December 2006, we also closed on $350 million in 2.75 percent convertible debenture notes to support work- ing capital needs.
In closing, I’m very proud of my Tech Data colleagues around the world and impressed not only by their industry knowledge, but their enthusiasm for the future. In many regards fiscal 2007 was a difficult year, and I thank the entire Tech Data team for their dedication and contributions. To our directors, vendors, customers and shareholders, I express my gratitude for your continued commitment to Tech Data. As we look to the future, we will continue to reaffirm our operating objectives to execute, diversify and innovate—positioning Tech Data for increased success in the industry. Our veteran management team is poised and ready to lead us in these efforts as we continue to sharpen our focus and respond aggressively to our expanding marketplace.
Bob Dutkowsky
Chief Executive Officer
  4
