 dear valued shareholders
as a central force in the IT supply chain, Tech Data Corporation encountered unprecedented challenges when the new millennium began. Most notably, like other successful companies in the technology industry, we needed to change our focus from managing the extraordinary growth of the 1990s to operating more efficiently in the new demand environment.
We responded by refining our operational practices, restructuring and implementing many other measures based on rigorous evaluation of all operations, establishing a clear path for today and tomorrow. These efforts, substantial in every respect, began to pay off with improving financial results during the second half of fiscal 2004. Despite a highly competitive pricing environment, our team did a commendable job defending market share while driving profitability and customer service improvements.
Net income for the fiscal year increased to $104.1 million, or $1.81 per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $199.8 million, or $3.55 per diluted share, in the prior year. Net income on a non-GAAP basis for the fiscal year, which excludes the charges associated with closing the company’s U.S. education business, was $106.1 million, or $1.85 per diluted share, compared to non-GAAP net income in the prior year of $136.3 million, or $2.35 per diluted share. Prior-year net income on a non-GAAP basis excludes a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $328.9 million and net loss of $7.3 million related to the disposition of subsidiaries.
Sales for the fiscal year totaled $17.4 billion—an increase of 10.6 percent over the prior year, including 10 months of operations from the company’s Azlan Group PLC, a pan-European networking specialty distributor and training organization that Tech Data acquired on March 31, 2003. Net sales in Europe represented 55 percent of sales and increased 29.3 percent (7.6 percent on a local currency basis) to $9.6 billion from $7.4 billion for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2003. Net sales in the Americas represented 45 percent of sales and decreased 6.0 percent to $7.8 billion from $8.3 billion in the prior fiscal year.
Making the Right Calls
We have outperformed competitors and many other IT industry leaders by taking decisive action throughout the economic slowdown. We continued those initiatives during the past fiscal year, focusing heavily in the first six months on advancing our core competencies in logistics management and vital reseller channel services. This entailed consolidating certain functions and taking new approaches for others. We closed our U.S. reseller education centers and opted to partner with other providers with broader national coverage and enhanced course offerings.
In the second half of the fiscal year, we increased our focus on new growth opportunities and leveraged our efficient cost structure to the fullest extent possible. As the IT industry and economy gained momentum, Tech Data’s results followed suit.
Our performance in the third quarter confirmed we had made the right decisions earlier in the year. Our efforts produced a 30 percent sequential increase in operating income, excluding the special charge of $3.1 million that we reported in the second quarter resulting from closure of our training facilities.
 1

the
difference
in distribution
  Steven A. Raymund
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
Néstor Cano
President of Worldwide Operations
Fourth-quarter results showed further improvement as we significantly exceeded our worldwide sales and earnings plan. Through solid execution, we capitalized on strengthening European demand, nearly quadrupling our European operating profits sequentially. We completed the phase-in of new accounting pronouncements such as EITF 02-16, which included reclassifications related to cost of goods sold and selling margins (see page 34 for details).
We ended the fiscal year with our strongest balance sheet ever. Total debt-to-capital at January 31, 2004, was 19 percent, compared to 27 percent at January 31, 2003. We generated solid cash flow, $303.2 million for the fiscal year, which enabled us to internally fund the acquisition of Azlan as well as substantially reduce outstanding debt levels. We continued to manage customer credit extremely well, protecting the company from higher-risk accounts, while prudently extend- ing credit to support our growing business.
Geographically Diversified and Strategically Focused
Our most recent fiscal year also underscored how international Tech Data has become, with more than half our sales in Europe. The Americas, however, continued to produce substantially
higher profitability. We are working hard to achieve a more balanced operating performance across both regions despite their vast differ- ences. We believe we are taking the right steps to further optimize all operations; while ensuring our customers continue to receive exceptional service from every Tech Data location.
Now that we are considerably larger in Europe, going forward we expect more pronounced seasonality in our business. The European market typically experiences lower demand levels in the summer months and peak volumes toward year-end. We are exploring ways to more effectively manage our costs relative to this fluctuation. You can learn more about Tech Data’s initiatives in Europe and the Americas in the regional overviews of this annual report (pages 4–7).
In addition to the unique strategic initiatives we are implementing in each region, we continue to share best practices across all locations and functions. Our collaborative supply-chain management approach with the vendor community, for example, helps streamline processes and optimize inventory management. Activity-based costing systems pinpoint the actual costs to serve customers and vendors, paving the way for other efficiencies. Our e-business capabilities around the world help keep sales transaction costs low, while providing our customers product procurement alternatives. Disciplined pricing
  2
  
 practices ensure we maintain critical market share as well as profitability. We are investing in these and other areas to ensure we continue building on our leadership position.
Among the most substantial investments in Tech Data’s future is our European systems upgrade and harmonization project, that continues on-budget and in accordance with overall plans. We are also making strategic moves into new markets through our Specialized Business Units, aligned with today’s most promising growth segments. The combination of Tech Data’s economies of scale and our focused, dedicated resources gives us a strong advantage when competing with higher-cost specialty distributors.
Vision, Talent, Depth and Direction
Our competitive advantages include the exceptional quality of our management team, that has become even stronger through the recent addition of Ken Lamneck, who joined us in March 2004 as President, the Americas. Ken is a seasoned distribution industry executive who most recently was with Arrow Electronics, a leading distributor of components and other computer products.
Tech Data’s senior management team has made great strides navigating some of the toughest times in IT history. We are confident that we have the vision, talent, depth and strategic direction to capitalize as the industry recovers from the volatility of the past three years. Times have been tough, but our team has proven itself time and again.
30 Years of Success
Tech Data is entering its 30th year in business. The experience we have gained along the way will continue to help us make the right decisions regardless of how the years ahead unfold. We are on a clear path to a promising future.
We thank our more than 8,400 employees worldwide for their dedication and countless contri- butions to Tech Data’s ongoing success. Their efforts make the difference—from the front lines of ensuring exceptional customer service and satisfaction, to the bottom line of delivering share- holder value.
As fellow shareholders, we also greatly appreciate your investment in the company. We are excited about the opportunities ahead and look forward to doing everything possible to maximize Tech Data’s results.
Sincerely,
  Steven A. Raymund
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
Néstor Cano
President of Worldwide Operations
3
 