                                  2008 TENNECO ANNUAL REPORT
   To Our Shareholders
  2008 – An Extraordinary Year
Many words have been used to describe 2008 business conditions – unprecedented, challenging, crisis, and unre- lenting. For the automotive industry, it was all of these and more. Tenneco began 2008 on a high note with a strong global team, the right strategies in place and an ever-evolving portfolio of advanced technologies; all of which positioned us to build on our successes and take advantage of new market opportunities.
However, in one short year our industry was hit by a series of crises, coming from all directions. First, we were impacted by the strike of a major supplier to the vehicle manufactur- ers in North America, virtually shutting down a number of assembly plants. This had a ripple effect on the supply base including Tenneco. Just as the industry in North America was recovering from these shutdowns in late May, we saw the spike in oil and gasoline prices, setting off alarms worldwide and driving down production of SUVs and light trucks, mostly in North America, where consumers opted for more fuel-efficient vehicles. Steel and other commodity material prices were also at record highs.
The negative conditions for our industry gathered steam in the early fall with signs of trouble in the banking and invest- ment industry and our credit-based economy in general. The severe impact from the banking and credit crisis erupted first in North America and then quickly expanded worldwide.
   “We are acting swiftly and aggressively to weather this economic and industry storm.” Gregg Sherill, Chairman and CEO, Tenneco Inc.
As the global meltdown intensified, we were plunged into a worldwide recession with seized-up credit markets, rising unemployment, low consumer confidence, record low vehicle
sales and falling vehicle production volumes.
For Tenneco, we battled through tough conditions in our North America operations for most of the year and then saw the crisis expand to our operations worldwide, particularly in key European markets and even to faster-growing markets including China. This worldwide decline hit us with unprecedented force and speed, however, we are determined to differentiate Tenneco by the way we respond to these historic business conditions. This is a time of great testing for our business and our industry. Some will falter, some will fail. I am convinced that Tenneco will come through this crisis leaner, stronger, more innovative and ultimately more profitable - a leader in our industry. And in the meantime, we are acting swiftly and aggressively to weather this economic and industry storm.
Meeting Challenges – 2009 and the Road Ahead
I want to assure you that we are confronting these industry challenges head on and pursuing every opportunity to con- tinuously improve our cash position, reduce costs and strengthen our operations. I am grateful for the dedication of our 21,000 employees around the world who are pulling together, staying aligned and successfully executing these actions.
Our immediate priority continues to be an intense focus on reducing costs and generating cash. To this end, we launched a global restructuring program that we expect will generate $58 million when fully implemented by the end of 2009. Among the key elements of the program: eliminating 1,100 jobs worldwide, in addition to 1,150 jobs eliminated earlier
 2

                                  2008 TENNECO ANNUAL REPORT
  To Our Shareholders
2008 – An Extraordinary Year continued
in 2008; closing three North American manufacturing plants and an engineering facility in Australia; suspending match- ing contributions to retirement plans and reducing spending on certain information technology and sales and marketing programs.
Additionally, we continue to drive productivity improvements and cost savings through our company-wide Six Sigma and Lean manufacturing initiatives. We are also aggressively flexing our operations to match market demand. This in- cludes temporary layoffs of hourly workers at our plants worldwide impacted by low customer production schedules and plant shutdowns.
We froze 2009 salaries at 2008 levels, eliminated bonuses for bonus-eligible employees and cut total compensation,
on average, for the top 50 executives by more than 60 percent. We have also implemented a variety of other actions to reduce our global salary expense. These actions are specific to the markets where we operate and include furloughs for salaried employees, temporary pay cuts for salaried employees, eliminating temporary workers and shortened work hours.
While many of these actions have been very painful, I am proud of the continuing support and determined attitude of our employees around the world. They have shouldered the burden of many of our cost reduction actions and I thank them for making individual sacrifices for Tenneco’s ultimate success.
Additionally, we are reducing capital expenditures without compromising Tenneco’s long-term growth prospects. We’re eliminating or deferring regional expansion projects, cutting spending related to delayed customer launches, and elimi- nating all discretionary capital spending.
Tenneco has a good track record of generating cash flow through working capital improvements and we see more op- portunities to do so in 2009, particularly in inventory. The rapid global production decline in the fourth quarter resulted in a high level of days on hand inventory at the end of 2008 compared with the year before. We are currently bringing those levels down and taking advantage of this opportunity to produce cash flow. We also tightly manage receivables and payables and are pursuing other opportunities to generate cash from working capital.
As for our engineering investments, we are focusing on technologies tied to business launching within the next two to three years and for many future programs have arrangements where the customer is paying up front for engineering and advanced technology developments. This allows us to continue all programs critical to our growth while minimizing the near-term impact on cash flow.
Finally, as always, we continue to focus intensely on eliminating all discretionary spending.
Financial Flexibility
Financial flexibility has always been a key strategic focus for Tenneco and never more important than during these chal- lenging times. In response to the unprecedented global decline in vehicle production, we completed an amendment of our senior secured credit facility, which revised the financial covenant ratios under the facility for each quarter, begin- ning with the first quarter of 2009 and continuing through second quarter 2011. The size and availability of the facility remain unchanged but we now have more flexibility in meeting our quarterly ratio requirements in light of continuing low OE production volumes. We were pleased with the support from our lenders, who we believe recognized that the situation we face is driven by external factors and that Tenneco has strong prospects ahead, driven by growth factors not entirely dependent on an economic recovery.
A Promising Future – Strategic Growth
As we manage for short-term challenges, we are in no way losing focus on our longer-term prospects. We continue to
   3

                                  2008 TENNECO ANNUAL REPORT
  To Our Shareholders
2008 – An Extraordinary Year continued
execute our growth strategies and invest in new technologies and new markets that will play a central role in our future
— a future that has never been more promising. One contributor to our growth comes from our opportunities in BRIC economies — Brazil, Russia, India and China — where we are well-positioned to meet growing customer demands with well-established manufacturing operations and global engineering capabilities. As a matter of fact, about 60 percent of new business won with Japan-based OEMs in 2008 will launch in these countries and in Thailand.
At Tenneco, with our leadership in emissions control technology, we are at the forefront of the industry’s “green” move- ment. With countries throughout the world becoming increasingly concerned about the environment, we have a unique opportunity to drive significant global growth over the next five years as we capitalize on stricter emissions regulations. These regulations are opening up opportunities to expand content on vehicles, expand geographically and grow market share in adjacent markets including commercial vehicles where we exceeded our expectations in winning new business in 2008. We now have development or production contracts with 11 on-road and six off-road commercial vehicle customers.
Regarding adjacent market growth, we were pleased to announce last October that Tenneco is the global diesel emission control systems integration supplier to Caterpillar, Inc. We are working with Caterpillar to develop and produce diesel engine aftertreatment systems for Caterpillar engines that will comply with stricter emissions standards that begin to phase in early next year.
Our emissions technology expertise is also being sought out in new markets to Tenneco including the locomotive market. We signed a joint development agreement with General Electric that expands our nitrogen oxides (NOx) reduction tech- nology portfolio and further strengthens our position to grow in adjacent markets. We are working with GE Transportation to further develop hydrocarbon-selective catalytic reduction (HC-SCR) aftertreatment technology into complete diesel aftertreatment systems for locomotive and off-highway vehicle markets. This technology, along with our ELIM-NOx urea- based SCR aftertreatment solutions, gives customers choices from a full suite of NOx reduction technology solutions. As part of the agreement with GE, Tenneco was awarded a development contract for GE locomotive projects.
Our technology-driven growth strategy is expanding our ride control business as well. Tenneco’s Continuously Controlled Electronic Shock system (CES) is now on 16 vehicle models and the millionth CES shock was just produced at our facility in Ermua, Spain. In the aftermarket, we maintained our leading ride control market share in key European markets and grew ride control share in North America by adding new customers. We are also extending our business with growing sales of Monroe® springs and Monroe® brakes. We continue to look for new product opportunities that leverage our unmatched brands and strong distribution system.
In closing, although there is great concern today about the automotive industry and its ability to adapt to the new realities of the marketplace, I want to reiterate that we are closely managing today’s challenges in a way that positions Tenneco to take advantage of an eventual economic and industry recovery. At the same time, we have not wavered from executing on our growth strategies. Given our global presence, operational excellence, customer focus and advanced technology position, Tenneco is uniquely qualified to take the lead in the years ahead.
All of us at Tenneco take pride in being part of this industry, even during these challenging times. I am confident — thanks in great part to the hard work, sacrifice and determination of the men and women of Tenneco — we are on the right course for success with a rewarding future for Tenneco.
Gregg Sherrill, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tenneco Inc.
    4
