Gregg Sherrill Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 To Our Shareholders: I am pleased to report that we delivered excellent results in 2014 and made strong progress toward achieving our vision for Tenneco as the world’s leading Clean Air and Ride Performance
company.
2
 
 Tenneco supplies the full exhaust system for the Ford Focus, a global platform that includes weight-saving innovations.
Our 2014 results — record high revenue, adjusted earnings* and improved margins—reflect the alignment of our employees around our vision. Both
our Clean Air and Ride Performance businesses demonstrated good execution and the strength of our strategic approach. Together, they are driving profitable growth by allowing us to focus strategically on opportunities unique to each, while serving global original equipment and aftermarket customers with both product lines
and the seamless global support they expect. Across our businesses and
in every Tenneco location worldwide, our commitment to customers’ success, employee engagement and sustainability guide us in everything we do and together drive shareholder value. I’m proud of the way we lived up to these commitments as we advanced our strategic initiatives, delivered growth and improved profitability for the year, while further strengthening our foundation for continued success in the years ahead.
Tenneco’s revenues were $8.4 billion in 2014. This highest-ever revenue
reflects one of Tenneco’s fundamental strengths, which is our outstanding balance across products, regions, customers, end-markets and vehicle platforms. Revenue increased in both product divisions, driven by higher global light vehicle production, the launch
of new programs and new content
on commercial truck and off-highway vehicles, and a solid performance from the global aftermarket due to our market-leading Ride Performance positions in North and South America.
Accompanying this strong revenue performance, our earnings also reached new highs in 2014. On an adjusted basis*, full year EBIT of $577 million, net income of $288 million, and diluted earnings per share of $4.65 all represent new records for Tenneco. In addition
to higher light vehicle production and the benefit of incremental content
on new commercial truck and off- highway programs, strong operational performance, higher aftermarket sales and our Ride Performance global product cost leadership initiative
helped contribute to our earnings improvement during the year.
We had good cash performance
in 2014, with cash generated from operations of $341 million. We continued to take actions to improve the company’s financial strength, including the refinancing of our senior credit facility and senior notes which will reduce annual interest expense by approximately $9 million. We also completed the repurchase of 400,000 shares in 2014, and announced
an enhanced share repurchase program, which authorized the repurchase of up to $350 million of the company’s outstanding common stock over the next three years.
The performance of our two divisions is founded on the commitment of
our global team to work tirelessly
for our customers’ success with distinct strategies for our Clean Air and Ride Performance businesses.
For our Clean Air business, the global regulatory environment continues to create outstanding opportunity with increasingly stringent requirements
for reducing regulated pollutants from vehicles, marine vessels, locomotives and stationary sources. We continue to
3
*Adjusted for restructuring activities, bad debt charge, pension and postretirement medical charges, costs related to refinancing and tax adjustments. See reconciliation on page 29.

 Custom-engineered mixing components ensure the consistent performance of
liquid urea SCR aftertreatment in diesel engine exhaust systems. Tenneco develops proprietary mixing designs
for light vehicle, commercial truck and off-highway applications.
develop cost-effective, global market solutions that enable our light vehicle, commercial truck, off-highway and large engine customers to meet these requirements throughout the world.
During the year, we developed a suite of emission control solutions designed to meet U.S. EPA Tier 3 regulations for light vehicles that will begin to
take effect in 2017. We also launched advanced technologies that meet and exceed the Euro VI regulations for heavy-duty vehicles. In addition, we continued our expansion into large, high horsepower engine applications with the development of our first complete selective catalytic reduction (SCR) aftertreatment system for marine customers.
We are building on this technology leadership by investing in core sciences, engineering expertise and global manufacturing capabilities. The most recent example is our new Clean Air research and development facility, which opened in 2014 in Kunshan, China.
In our Ride Performance business, Tenneco manufactured more than 94 million conventional shocks and
struts in 2014, and we continued to see the benefits from our product cost leadership strategy in helping improve our Ride Performance profitability. These efforts continue as we look at ways to take costs out of conventional products through design standardization, global supply chain savings and leveraging operational improvements across our global manufacturing network.
Our advanced technology strategic imperatives are focused on providing our customers with high-value products and systems that result in smoother, quieter vehicles and an overall superior driving experience. Our Monroe® Intelligent Suspension (MIS) portfolio of products delivers performance
that meets the expectations of both consumers and our OE customers. Customers see how these technologies can differentiate their vehicles and
as a result, the demand for these products is increasing. This is evident by our growing customer base for Tenneco’s computerized electronic suspension technology, which is now in production on 37 vehicle models with an additional nine in development.
I also want to highlight the performance of our global aftermarket business. Tenneco’s powerful brands, strong distribution network and the outstanding marketing support we provide our customers help us maintain our market-leading position in key regions. In North America, new aftermarket customers contributed to growth, including the addition of CarQuest to our already strong list of customers.
We are also continuing to expand our presence in China and India, where we are well-positioned to capitalize on the expansion of the aftermarket in these large and growing countries.
Underpinning both of our product divisions is a common foundation of operational excellence focused on safety, quality, efficiency and continuous improvement. Over the last six years, we reduced our global injury rate (as measured by the OSHA recordable rate) by more than 60 percent from 2.7 to 0.93, which is about 80% below the average for our industry. While pleased with our progress, working to further promote the health of our employees and the safety of our workplaces
will always remain a top priority.
4

 The latest generation Multi- Tuned Valve enhances noise and comfort performance, and is available for mono
and double
tube damper applications.
Clevite® Elastomers products include
a wide range
of heavy-duty bushings used in commercial vehicle suspensions. Parts are more durable due to design and manufacturing improvements including molding efficiency and metal complexity reduction.
we are, set high expectations for our behavior and form a powerful common bond for our global workforce.
In summary, Tenneco delivered another year of profitable growth and we are well-positioned for future success. From our full suite of Clean Air and Ride Performance technologies, to our extensive global engineering and manufacturing capabilities, to our leading global aftermarket brands, Tenneco has all the pieces in place to take full advantage of dynamic growth opportunities in the years ahead. Societal demand for clean air will continue to create regulatory-driven growth opportunities for our Clean
Air technologies as more stringent emissions regulations are enacted and enforced. In our Ride Performance business, we will continue to capitalize on our global scale in conventional products as our advanced intelligent suspension technologies drive growth through new program wins and by increasing the penetration of existing models. And in the global aftermarket, the strength of our brands, products and distribution channel positions Tenneco to take advantage of steady, long term
 Sustainable business practices are central to how Tenneco operates,
and our commitment to sustainability can be seen in our products and processes. In addition to developing technologies that help engines run cleaner, quieter and more efficiently, minimizing the environmental impact of our global manufacturing operations is also a priority for Tenneco. Over
the past six years, we have reduced
the greenhouse gas emissions of our global operations by more than 29%, and continue to find ways to make
our operations more productive while consuming fewer resources. The most recent example is our Hosur, India plant, which reduced its greenhouse gas emissions by 90% and overall energy costs by 62% using wind power.
The successful execution of our strategies depends on the dedication and relentless efforts of highly engaged and effective employees. We are committed to deploying the most talented and capable team in our industry, and our shared values are a critical part of our common foundation. Our values reflect who
growth as the size and age of the global car parc continues to increase.
I thank our 29,000 employees around the world for their efforts in delivering a successful year. We are committed to driving shareholder value with an unwavering focus on serving our customers, capturing the tremendous opportunities before us and building
on our foundation of financial strength, operational excellence and a Tenneco culture grounded in our values. I am proud to lead our global team in delivering on these commitments. I am also proud to lead Tenneco into a very bright future, a future we look forward to achieving for our shareholders.
Thank you for your confidence and continued support.
Gregg Sherrill
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tenneco Inc.
 5
