To Our Shareholders:
For Tenneco, 2006 was a year of transition and continued
market leadership.
While global automotive production increased 4% as a result of
higher volumes in Europe and 26% growth in China, North American production fell 3%. Detroit’s automakers suffered even more,
reducing domestic production by 7%. And the highly profitable lighttruck segment was down 9% in the face of rising gas prices, aging pickup-truck platforms and 2005’s heavy sales incentives, which we believe pulled forward some 2006 truck purchases.
Balance is Key
Tenneco’s revenue increased nearly 6% in 2006, though total
operating income adjusted* for certain items slipped 4% primarily
due to the significant production decline in light trucks in North America, which represent a majority of our domestic original
equipment (OE) revenue. Additionally, we incurred higher raw
material costs, mostly related to rising steel prices. Yet Tenneco’s global balance and diversity of markets, products, platforms and customers mitigated these external hurdles. China revenues soared 84% on a broader customer base and new business. The rapidly growing Japanese original equipment manufacturers (OEM) represented 20% of our total North American OE revenues in 2006. And our Europe, South America and India segment’s adjusted operating income rose 44% on higher revenue and improved efficiencies. Moreover, cash fl ow from operations increased by
$68 million over 2005, despite higher receivable and inventory investments for our sizeable new platform launches.
Commitment and Resolve
This performance speaks volumes about the commitment and
resolve of Tenneco’s employees. There are always challenges in
the automotive industry, but some years are more difficult than
others. And clearly, the industry is very tough right now. Detroit’s automakers are working their way through major cost-structure
issues. Competition among the European auto manufacturers is intense as they restructure their businesses and move aggressively into lower-cost Eastern Europe. Adding to the pressure, the
Japanese and Korean producers are rapidly gaining market share globally, and the Chinese OEMs plan to export vehicles in the near future. Yet this evolving industry creates significant opportunities
for us to continue to grow our business.
Innovation Drives $1 Billion Revenue Growth
In 2007, we’re launching five of our largest, most strategic
platforms for emission control. In addition to being part of the
much anticipated Toyota Tundra introduction, we’re also producing advanced exhaust systems for our first commercial-vehicle business
in North America. And, we’ve captured 100% of this region’s lightduty diesel truck platforms.
This year we’ll also be a part of General Motors’ newest crossover product, which includes the 2007 Saturn Outlook and GMC Acadia,
as well as the 2008 Buick Enclave. We have a growing position
in this increasingly popular, more fuel-effi cient vehicle segment. Industry experts predict that by 2009, crossovers—sport utility
vehicle bodies built on a lighter-weight, passenger-car frame—will represent more than 20% of all vehicles sold in the U.S.
Additionally, we are capitalizing on the market’s escalating demand
for electronics. Tenneco’s high-performance Computerized
Electronic Suspension (CES) offers superior ride and handling capabilities, and is gaining popularity in the European luxury-vehicle segment. Over time, we expect CES will garner mass-market appeal. The efficiencies achieved over the past few years from Lean

Manufacturing and Six Sigma methodologies are allowing us to incorporate all of this new business into our existing manufacturing facilities, realizing fixed-cost advantages.
Global Leadership Supports Growth Opportunities
Heightened environmental concerns are driving more stringent emission requirements in markets around the world. As an
innovative emission supplier with clean-diesel technology in production for more than a decade, this worldwide movement
brings opportunities for increased content and value. Adjacent market penetration—off-road and two-wheel vehicles, and small engines—beckons.
Tenneco’s leading market share in emission control in China is also advantageous because China recently became the world’s second largest market for automotive sales behind the U.S. An annual market
growth rate of 11% has been projected through 2009. We just opened
our first technology center in China, which will provide our customers
greater value in engineering and design. This is especially compelling as this region begins phasing in stricter emission regulations in 2008. Finally, our leadership in the replacement-parts market reflects
strong global brands, new product lines and efficient distribution capabilities. We are capitalizing on the inherent synergies between the OE and aftermarket by standardizing components to consolidate manufacturing, introducing premium replacement parts from products we developed for the OE market, and increasing our value with the automakers by sharing our aftermarket intelligence to help them develop improved original-equipment products.
Tenneco has a technology portfolio that is in great demand at the right time. We have one of the widest geographic footprints, a flexible cost structure, superior product quality and unrivaled delivery. Our focus is on operational excellence. And our value comes from working collaboratively with our customers to expedite products that benefit their strategies.
For me, joining Tenneco was an easy decision. When you look at the past performance of the company, how far it’s come, and where it’s positioned for the future, the possibilities are exciting. As this industry continues to evolve, we will anticipate impending changes, staying ahead of the innovation curve to deliver profitable growth that translates into value for our shareholders. At the same time, debt reduction will continue to be a priority. It’s all about commitment, resolve and innovation, which Tenneco’s employees have demonstrated time and again.
Gregg Sherrill
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
