 DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
   I am privileged and honored to serve as president and chief executive officer of Terex in these dynamic and challenging times. During my first several months here, I have met personally with the leaders of our company, visited many of our production facilities around the globe and talked firsthand with numerous customers – listening, observing and learning. My initial research has convinced me Terex has a strong, values-based corporate culture – solidly rooted in the Terex Way – which provides a real competitive advantage and strong foundation to build on for the future. We clearly manufacture outstanding products that help improve people’s lives around the world; and have dedicated team members working hard every day to improve our performance for the benefit of our customers and investors.
While I recognize these positives, I also recognize there are meaningful opportunities to improve and grow our business. We operate in an intensely competitive business environment which requires us to relentlessly focus on meeting our commitments to our customers, shareholders and team members. As we move forward, we will focus on leveraging our Executing to Win philosophy to improve Terex’s business strategies, operational excellence and talent-development systems. Specifically, we will:
• develop and implement business strategies that focus on achieving organic growth through innovative product and service developments that provide our customers and distribution partners with compelling competitive advantages;
Terex has a strong, values- based corporate culture – solidly rooted in the Terex Way – which provides a real competitive advantage and strong foundation to build on for the future.
 TEREX CORPORATION / Annual Report 2015 1
John L. Garrison
President and Chief Executive Officer
  
   As we move forward, we will focus on leveraging our Executing to Win philosophy to improve Terex’s business strategies, operational excellence and talent-development systems.
NET SALES AND
OPERATING MARGIN
8     10
• strive passionately to drive continuous improvement in all of our business operations, with a goal of execution excellence in everything we do; and
• strengthen our talent-development systems to ensure we have the talent needed to win in the global marketplace.
The competitive environment for global industrial companies like ours was challenging in 2015 and will remain so in 2016. Low oil and gas prices, currency volatility, slowing growth in China and the slowing growth in global GNP each had an impact on demand across all of our business segments.
In such an environment, we must focus on the things we can control – new product and service development, operational efficiency, matching our size to market realities and keeping our existing commitments. Over the past several months there has also been a significant amount of work on the Konecranes- Terex “merger of equals.” The merger teams have made good progress in coordinating with the appropriate regulatory authorities to achieve the required
  $6.98
$7.08
$7.31
$6.54
      6
4
2
8
6
4
2
 00 2012 2013 2014 2015
% Operating Margin
    2
TEREX CORPORATION / Annual Report 2015
(USD in Billions)
(percent)

    NET SALES
BY SEGMENT 2015
  approvals and in developing the detailed integration planning we will need to hit the ground running should the merger be approved by shareholders.
On behalf of our Leadership Team and Board of Directors, I thank you for the opportunity to work and deliver greater value for you, our shareholders. We are committed to meeting or exceeding your expectations.
Sincerely,
John L. Garrison
President and Chief Executive Officer March 2016
n Aerial Work Platforms 33%
n Cranes 25%
n Material Handling & Port Solutions 22%
n Materials Processing 10% n Construction 10%
NET SALES
BY GEOGRAPHY 2015
   n USA / Canada 41%
n Western Europe 29% n Rest of the World 30%
TEREX CORPORATION / Annual Report 2015 3
