T E R E X C O R P O R AT I O N A N N U A L R E P O R T 0 9

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS,

The capital equipment business, even in the best of times, is unpredictable, and 2009 was a turbulent year for Terex and our industry. We believe we strengthened the Company during the year and weathered the storm in a way that positions us for future growth and profitability. Our financial performance in 2009 was poor by most metrics. Net sales declined 52% and we posted a substantial loss. Consequently, our returns on capital were negative for the first time in many years. I like to say that, "when you are in a hurricane, you have to expect to get wet and blown around!" In 2009, many of our markets declined 70% to 80% almost overnight. Backlogs that looked solid evaporated, and geographies that were growing and demanding more and faster shipments went silent. We were in a capital goods hurricane, and everything about our business changed in the fourth quarter of 2008. So, for most of 2009 we were focused on weathering the storm and preparing for the calm that would inevitably follow. As I write this letter in the early spring of 2010, this is where we find ourselves. Our business has stabilized, but any growth of consequence is going to be hard won.
WHAT WE SAID AND DID LAST YEAR
RONALD M. DEFEO
CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Last year, we advised to expect tough times and said that we would have to make tough choices, but that these decisions would lead to a great future. We said we would operate based upon the most realistic assessments we had about our businesses and markets. And we explained that we would work to generate meaningful reductions in inventory and bring orders, inventory and production back into balance. What we did not know, however, was the depth of this downturn and how broadly based it would be. I have been through many downturns in my career. Never before have I experienced the speed coupled with the magnitude of the contraction that we have gone through. Globally, our Aerial Work Platforms market declined 70% to 80%. The North American Crane market and European Construction Equipment market experienced similar massive year-over-year declines. I am proud of the manner in which Terex team members responded to this challenge. For continuing operations, we reduced inventory more than $500 million or, including discontinued operations, more than $675 million. We under-produced demand, resulting in extensive short work weeks and factory shut downs. This provided the opportunity to rebalance our production and reduce finished goods inventory levels. We instituted salary reductions of 10% for management team members and 5% for non-managers. Our hourly workers bore the brunt of layoffs, as total headcount was reduced by approximately 30% from peak employment levels. We reduced controllable costs by approximately $1 billion on an annual rate. Virtually everyone in the Company made significant sacrifices. We made tough, necessary choices, but our spirit has not been broken. In May, we raised capital and renegotiated our bank credit facility. In total, we raised about $600 million and, in combination with the availability of our revolving credit facility, we had ample liquidity to survive the uncertain markets I previously discussed. Many told us to prepare for the worst and hope for the best. Well, we prepared for the worst ­ and it happened. This balance sheet strengthening was an important accomplishment, even if it seems to be defensive in nature.

In 2010, we have many more new products across a range of our businesses. And there are more in the pipeline. We just introduced a new articulated truck, a new backhoe loader, several crane upgrades plus a variety of improvements in our Aerial Work Platforms, Roadbuilding and Compact Construction equipment line-ups. We have not been standing still in the R&D department.

1

T E R E X C O R P O R AT I O N A N N U A L R E P O R T 0 9

We continued our emphasis on growth in developing markets. In 2009, as a percentage of our net sales, these markets represented 27% of our business, up from 23% in 2008. We opened a new Materials Processing factory in India and began construction on an Aerial Work Platforms (AWP) factory in China. We hired new leadership in India and Russia and reassigned some senior talent to China. We knew that, despite the difficult economic situation, this was not a year to sit still in developing markets. We also made decisions to close or consolidate several factories and distribution centers. In the United States, we made the tough choice to close seven facilities and consolidate their operations within other Terex locations. These decisions often solve two factory utilization problems. In Europe, we made similar decisions with eight locations. Further consolidations should be expected. We moved to pare back our product line-up, particularly where we have a small market presence or where it would be too expensive to grow our market share. We exited a number of product lines, including power buggies, generators, and construction trailers. And, of course, we made the transformational divestiture of Terex Mining by selling this business to Bucyrus International, Inc. for $1.3 billion in total consideration. The Mining transaction is a watershed event. It enables this business to strengthen through its synergies with Bucyrus, while giving Terex fair value with the opportunity to redeploy capital, reduce debt, or pursue some combination of the two. In August 2008, we signed a contract to acquire the Fantuzzi port equipment business. We subsequently saw a material adverse change in this business that called into question the transaction, but eventually negotiated a settlement at a substantially reduced price and took control of these operations. We now operate in this new product category with factories in China, Germany and Italy. We refer to this business as Terex Port Equipment and it is part of our Cranes segment. Lastly, we continued to develop new products as we strive to provide our customers with equipment that has the lowest total cost of ownership. In 2010, we have many more new products across a
NET SALES AND OPERATING MARGIN
10 $7.98 8 $6.77 (USD in Billions) 6 $5.41 $4.04 4 $8.39 12 10 8 6 4 2 0 -2 -4 -6 2 -8 -10 0 -12 (percent)

We continued our emphasis on growth in developing markets. In 2009, as a percentage of our net sales, these markets represented 27% of our business, up from 23% in 2008. We opened a new Materials Processing factory in India and began construction on an Aerial Work Platforms (AWP) factory in China. We hired new leadership in India and Russia and reassigned some senior talent to China.

range of our businesses. And there are more in the pipeline. We just introduced a new articulated truck, a new backhoe loader, several crane upgrades, plus a variety of improvements in our AWP, Roadbuilding and Compact Construction equipment line-ups. We have not been standing still in the R&D department. We also continue to execute our strategy for the new Tier IV engine requirements. Many of these changes are being supported from our new engineering center in India.
THE YEAR AHEAD

The immediate path forward will not be a smooth one, but we believe that the worst is behind us. We expect little help from the market and our improvements should come mostly from internally driven initiatives. The biggest change in the near term is that our factories will be building to current demand rather than being closed or on short work weeks to shed inventory, both on our own and on our distributors' yards. We expect that this will translate into a $200 million improvement in our operating profit outlook for 2010. Realistically, we do not expect the AWP customer base to need much new equipment in 2010. Non-residential construction will decline compared with 2009, which affects our Crane and some of our larger Construction and Roadbuilding products. We are seeing some signs of improvement in the smaller Compact Construction product lines.

05*

06

07

08*

09*

% Operating Margin * Operating margin excludes the effect of goodwill impairment and restructuring charges.

2

Developing markets continue to be an area of focus for us. We are seeing continued growth in Brazil, while China remains relatively strong. India is rebounding, and we continue to expect our new Materials Processing and Construction factories in that country to see growth this year. The newly acquired Terex Port Equipment business is undergoing comprehensive integration. Virtually every process is under review and being improved. In particular, the Italian operations are going through an announced restructuring that will result in substantially fewer team members as part of the closure of an office complex and factory. The current global market for port equipment is depressed, like most capital goods businesses, but since global trade has stabilized, the outlook has begun to improve. We will continue product improvements within each of our business segments. This means that we will have new Cranes, Compact Construction and Materials Processing introductions throughout the year. In April we are introducing many upgrades at the Bauma trade show in Munich, Germany, the industry's largest trade show, which is held every three years.
THE STRATEGIC PATH FORWARD
Materials Processing 9% Aerial Work Platforms 20% Cranes 48%

NET SALES BY SEGMENT 2009
Construction 23%

Following the divestiture of our Mining business, we announced a moderately different description of our business going forward. Historically, we referred to ourselves as a "Construction and Mining Equipment" Company. We now consider ourselves to be a "Machinery and Industrial Products" Company. We want to build Terex in those product classes where we can have a leading position. We are willing to consider products and categories that are within, adjacent and similar to our existing businesses. We want to emphasize that we are not going to attempt to compete in all the construction equipment categories. We will concentrate on areas where we believe we have the product, organization and profit potential to achieve a reasonable return. Furthermore, we are going to look at businesses that may be somewhat different from those in which we have participated historically. We are going to attempt to lower the cyclicality of our Company through product and geographic diversification.
SUMMARY
USA / Canada 28% Rest of the World 34%

NET SALES BY GEOGRAPHY
Western Europe 38%

We are in a challenging period for our markets and for our business. We have strong franchises that we are making stronger. We have considerable financial flexibility with about $2.4 billion in liquidity since the closing of our Mining divestiture. We are confident that our markets will begin to meaningfully improve in 2011 and will do so even more broadly in 2012. We have a motivated management team and a strong governance process to review strategy and investments. We are honored to have your support and we will do our best to deliver meaningful improvements in the near term. Respectfully,

Ron DeFeo Chairman & Chief Executive Officer March 2010

3

