The Terex Way values, coupled with a customer responsive, highly engaged team will result in impressive shareholder returns. This is the essence of our plan.
Ronald M. DeFeo
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:
This past year was a successful one for Terex and we remain positive about the prospects for our company. We thank you for your continued support and believe that our company is well positioned to capitalize on improving markets with innovative new products, new ideas and a focus on who we are and plan to be. This work has been underway for some time. A few words about 2013. Growth was hard to come by, with the first half of 2013 being quite challenging. We did manage to end the year with a modest growth of 1.5%, but this required a fourth quarter net sales increase of about 12% versus prior year. Profitability improved with lower interest expense and taxes contributing to a year-over-year reported EPS improvement of $1.11. We placed a considerable effort behind consistent themes of managing our portfolio, simplifying the company and driving financial efficiencies across the enterprise. We will continue this focus in 2014. What are we about? We feel everything starts with our culture. If you get this right lots of things become possible. Without the right culture, it is harder to run a global enterprise with so many diverse products and markets served. This is the reason why we always highlight THE TEREX WAY. These are the values and We are about great shareholder returns. We aspire to be the most profitable company in our industry as measured by ROIC. We have a long way to go here, but we have been beliefs that guide our actions and behaviors. These are highlighted on the facing page of this shareholder letter. Each is important but when lived together, the Terex team member becomes a special change agent for our customers, shareholders and other team members. We have not convinced all 20,000 plus team members yet, but we do have a special culture that continues to develop where individuals believe they make a difference in the outcomes of our business each and every day. We are about customer outcomes. We aspire to be the most customer responsive company in our industry. We measure satisfaction levels through regular research using a methodology called Net Promoter Score or NPS. Each segment and market gets regularly measured. It is a fact that our most successful businesses have the best scores. Our leadership is passionate about customers and customer outcomes. Customers can choose competitive products, and they will if we cannot demonstrate better value today and tomorrow. We believe our products coupled with our team members result in superior value.

TEREX CORPORATION | Annual Report 2013

1

NET SALES AND OPERATING MARGIN

(USD in Billions)

3 2 1 0 2010 2011 2012 2013

2 0 -2

the best before. In 2013 our ROIC was 8.1%. Not great, but improving and we think this number can get to the mid-teens which for our type of business should be a top tier performer. We are about being a great place to work. We want all our team members to feel valued and be engaged. We conduct regular team member Net Promoter Score measurements. When we ask if they would recommend our company to a relative or a friend as a place to work, we learn a lot. Here again, there is a clear correlation between our best businesses and team member scores. The correlation is not perfect across different geographies, but we track the trends. We are after continuous improvement. The Terex Way values, coupled with a customer responsive, highly engaged team will result in impressive shareholder returns. This is the essence of our plan. Who are we today and tomorrow? Today, we are a lifting and material handling solutions company. And this is also what we want to be tomorrow, only a better more efficient operator. We began to make these difficult choices several years ago and since then we have been reworking our portfolio. These portfolio choices came at a time when global end markets had yet to recover from the 2008/2009 financial crisis, yet we decided to capitalize and change from where we had been which was a more broadly focused construction equipment player.

As you know, we sold our mining business, but we have made numerous portfolio choices in addition to this. We exited roadbuilding products, several German component companies and most recently announced the sale of our Terex Truck business to Volvo. This last sale actually exits the original Terex branded products. Everything else that now carries the Terex brand has been put together over the past 20 years to compete as lifting and material handling products. We expect to continue to build the segments that we have today. Each of our five segments has a core product or geography. The diversity that is Terex has real value. We are not running on all cylinders in each operation, but the dedicated management of each segment now has a clear customer, product, and geographic strategy for growth. We have line of sight on the values and processes required and our management is mature and focused. Why are we talking so much about simplification? Because we are still too complicated. There is much work to do to share our manufacturing footprint, capture supplier synergies, implement shared service centers, streamline management reporting, simplify our legal entity structure, and much, much more. We grew first through acquisitions but then very rapidly from 2002-2008 organically. We did not have the time to drive efficiencies as the markets were so robust in that period. But then the crash came and an

2

TEREX CORPORATION | Annual Report 2013

(percent)

We are a stronger, more capable company today. And we expect to be able to repeat this statement again for the next several years.

8 7 6 5 4 $4.21 $6.16

$6.98

$7.08

10 8 6 4

NET SALES BY SEGMENT 2013

NET SALES BY GEOGRAPHY 2013

n  Aerial Work Platforms 30% n  Cranes 27% n  Material Handling &  Port Solutions 23% n  Construction 11% n  Materials Processing 9% n  USA / Canada 41% n  Western Europe 25% n  Rest of the World 34%

unplanned downturn does not happen efficiently either. But this is why we still have a lot of work to do. We also added Demag Cranes and Gottwald in 2011, and in 2013 we were finally able to complete a minority share squeeze out. We now have a new segment called Material Handling and Port Solutions (MHPS) which combines parts of Demag Cranes and Gottwald with other parts of Terex. HOW DOES THE FUTURE LOOK? We think quite positive. The markets are not expected to be robust but they are expected to grow. We are only at 65% of our prior peak revenues so organic growth should contribute a lot of upside. Our growth will benefit from stronger nonresidential construction globally which has been slow for many years now. Housing and government spending trends fuel improvement in our markets. We see a few positive signs. Our 2014 outlook is somewhat muted but we believe 2015 and 2016 will be strong years. Of course, we have no crystal ball. We believed that shareholders would benefit from the initiation of a dividend and that this was a good use of capital. So we initiated a dividend in the fourth quarter last year. We also began a share repurchase in 2013. We will continue this. We also reduced debt and look forward to continuing to make progress in other financial areas such as tax rate and capital investments. We have improvements to make in working capital management and in scheduling. We are building a lean

culture around the Terex Business System or TBS. This is not a program but a way to think about our business. SUMMARY We are a stronger, more capable company today. And we expect to be able to repeat this statement again for the next several years. We believe our end markets will improve but we are prepared if they do not. There are many internal initiatives underway that will help us improve. The Terex culture, our focus on execution, along with your continued support will help make this year another one of excellent progress. Feel free to share your thoughts with us and our Board of Directors. We understand who we work for. Respectfully,

Ron DeFeo Chairman and Chief Executive Officer March 2014

TEREX CORPORATION | Annual Report 2013

3

