To Our Shareholders
It is said that fortune favors the prepared mind, and at Teleflex, we take this principle seriously. We believe that most opportunities come embedded in challenges, and to succeed, we must be ready to manage both. Over the past five years, our management team has put this belief into practice, driving continuous progress across our business.
We have fueled innovation, expanded our reach, created operational efficiencies, increased margins, and built our team. These efforts have yielded a strong track record for value creation, while placing Teleflex at the forefront of our fast-paced market. As a result, we enter 2017 with a solid foundation, and a positive outlook for the future.
DELIVERING PROGRESS
In 2016, Teleflex delivered another year of
growth and progress. We continued to advance
our core mission of improving health outcomes
and reducing costs for patients and clinicians around the world. We also continued to grow revenues faster than the markets we serve, expand our adjusted gross and operating margins, and invest
in our future. Specifically:
We fueled innovation, launching 25 new products and line extensions
We entered into 50 new relationships with healthcare purchasing groups and independent delivery groups worldwide
We increased margins through the implementation of our footprint consolidation and restructuring plans and the introduction of new efficiency measures
We executed our acquisition strategy, acquiring CarTika Medical, Inc., two distributors of medical devices and supplies in New Zealand, and the remaining ownership interest in our Indian joint venture; in addition, we laid the groundwork for the $1 billion acquisition of Vascular Solutions, Inc., which we completed in February 2017
Left to right: Benson F. Smith, Liam J. Kelly, and Thomas E. Powell
We also delivered strong 2016 financial results, including constant currency revenue growth of 4.1% and adjusted earnings per share growth of 16.0%. The credit for our 2016 accomplishments belongs to our employees, who consistently demonstrate a combination of diligence, creativity, and commitment that is vital to our progress.
We would like to thank each member of our team for a job well done.
EXPANDING MARGINS
One of our core financial targets is to steadily expand our margins by pursuing initiatives that
are not tied to revenues. Over the past five years,
we have made significant cumulative progress in this area, increasing our operating margins by
500 basis points between year-end 2012 and year- end 2016. We are committed to continuing this momentum by improving product pricing, executing our distributor-to-direct conversion strategy, and implementing cost improvement efforts across our organization. In 2016, we introduced a materials replacement program to reduce the cost of our raw materials by identifying equivalent, competitively priced alternatives. We also continued to execute
      PAGE 2 / TELEFLEX 2016 ANNUAL REPORT

our distributor-to-direct conversion strategy, acquiring two distributors of medical devices and supplies in New Zealand. These transactions established a direct sales model in the region, positioning us to streamline our logistics and increase product margins.
Another way we deliver margin growth is by regularly refining our operational structure.
During 2016, we continued to implement
the manufacturing realignment program we launched in 2014 and the restructuring program we developed in 2015, and we initiated two additional restructuring programs. These programs have already improved our operating leverage, streamlined our logistics, and expedited our product delivery, and when they are fully implemented in 2020, they will drive significant savings.
FUELING INNOVATION
Innovation is the primary force behind our
progress, and we work relentlessly to build this capability. In 2016, we brought several new products and line extensions to market. We launched the second generation of our Percuvance® Percutaneous Surgical System in the United States, representing
a significant advancement in minimally invasive surgery. We continued to develop our proprietary Chlorag+ard® Coating Technology, which has been proven to reduce the risk of infection, and we gained FDA clearance to market two products that utilize this technology: ARROW® JACC with Chlorag+ard® Technology and TightTrackTM Tunneler; and ARROW® Midline with Chlorag+ard® Technology. We also received approval to launch our Arrow® VPS RhythmTM System in the European Union, positioning us to establish a cost-effective standard of care for catheter navigation and placement in Europe.
In addition to these accomplishments, our R&D team continued to build our pipeline for the future, innovating new products and technologies that will make a meaningful difference within our markets.
DRIVING STRATEGIC GROWTH
In December 2016, we entered into an agreement
to acquire Vascular Solutions, Inc., a global leader
in the coronary and peripheral vascular markets
with a track record for generating double-digit annual revenue growth. We completed this landmark transaction in February 2017, and we expect it to be accretive to our 2017 adjusted earnings.
Similar to our past acquisitions of Vidacare
and LMA, our acquisition of Vascular Solutions aligns with our strategic growth objectives, and it offers Teleflex multiple advantages, including adding more than 90 proprietary products and services to our portfolio. We expect our expanded portfolio to significantly accelerate our sales growth, while positioning Teleflex in new markets and enabling us to capitalize on our existing distribution network to cross-sell products. The acquisition
also enriches our R&D pipeline with a robust lineup of next-generation products and bolsters our management strength with the addition of key members of the Vascular Solutions leadership team. We extend a warm welcome to our new employees and look forward to working together on a swift and efficient integration.
MOVING AHEAD
We face the future with confidence. The market
for our products is growing, and Teleflex has the strengths necessary to capitalize on this opportunity. We have a powerful R&D capability, as well as leading market positions with well-established global brands. We have a well-diversified product portfolio and a broad geographic footprint, which help to insulate us against volatility in individual markets. We have
a successful, multi-year margin growth track record, backed by opportunities for significant margin expansion. Finally, we have a proven strategy, and a united and experienced management team to execute it. As we move ahead, we look forward to upholding our commitment to you—our valued shareholders— by continuing to deliver the steady and sustainable growth you have come to expect.
THOMAS E. POWELL
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
   BENSON F. SMITH
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
LIAM J. KELLY
President and
Chief Operating Officer
   PAGE 3
/ TELEFLEX 2016 ANNUAL REPORT
