2014 Annual Report



Page 1

"We are building a better, stronger Tredegar. I offer Bonnell's 2014 performance as evidence. Our strategy to invest for growth and market diversification in Bonnell is working. And while taking a bit longer to translate into Film Products' financial results, we are confident that our strategy will succeed there as well."

DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
Our strategy is to build a strong, marketdiversified, profitable manufacturing company that delivers long-term growth for our shareholders. We have made significant investments to add capacity and capabilities in both of our manufacturing businesses to enhance our leadership position in a number of attractive markets. During the last year, we made important progress and remain convinced that our strategy will translate into earnings growth and value creation. With that said, 2014 was a year of mixed results for Tredegar. We enjoyed continued year-over-year profit improvement in Bonnell Aluminum, our aluminum extrusions business, while experiencing a decline in profitability for our film products business. The financial results are our report card, and we are by no means satisfied with our grade for 2014. We expected better. Our 2014 results, however, don't tell the full story of our business. 2014 was a year of improvement and progress on many fronts, and we emerged from the year as a stronger company. Let's start with the numbers. Tredegar's 2014 net sales* were $923 million, a 1% decline from 2013. Tredegar's earnings before taxes from ongoing operations* were $56.8 million, a modest improvement of $2.4 million over 2013. Tredegar's earnings per share from ongoing operations* were $1.13, a slight year-over-year decline. While less than 2013, cash from operating activities remained strong at $51 million. Our return on invested capital* for the year was 8.5%. There's no question that 2014 was a tough year for our film products business. Heading into 2014, we knew there were hurdles to overcome, not the least of which was the previously announced loss of certain North American baby diaper elastic laminate volumes. Yet we started the year determined to overcome the volume loss with sales from our new flexible packaging line and to mitigate most of the profitability impact from the lost business through a combination of productivity improvements, cost reductions and gains from new surface protection films and new personal care products. We fell short of our top and bottom line goals, primarily due to the issues around our flexible packaging films. Film Products' 2014 operating profit from ongoing

*See appendix for footnotes.

Page 2



operations* was $58.1 million, an 18% decline over 2013. Year-over-year net sales* and volume declined 7% and 9%, respectively. As we highlighted throughout 2014, we were plagued by operational issues in Film Products' Cabo de Santo Agostinho, Brazil facility, which created supply constraints and adversely impacted production costs. In addition, with the fivemonth delay in the start-up of our new flexible packaging line in the Cabo facility, we were not able to meet our 2014 volume growth target for Film Products. With our strong local team in place, the flexible packaging film operations have been stabilized, and the new line is ramping up ahead of expectations. The leadership is keenly focused on optimizing production and reducing costs, which are extremely important given the continued oversupply conditions in the global flexible packaging market. As we've previously described, there is a global supply and demand cycle for flexible packaging films, and, due to the significant capacity investments made by a number of flexible packaging films producers, the low end of the cycle has been deeper and longer than in the past. Still, the market for flexible packaging films continues to grow, and we are confident that the current excess supply will be absorbed over time. Moreover, we continue to believe that the longer-term trends for flexible packaging films are attractive and expect Film Products' growth strategy to benefit from those trends. While it's important to understand why Film Products fell short in 2014, it's also important to describe what went well in

the business. Film Products had some critical successes in 2014. In particular, we had important wins with our newest surface protection film, Forcefield PearlTM, and our FlexAireTM products for adult incontinence and babycare applications. Product innovation is key to our growth strategy. To put it in perspective, a very significant portion of the $7 million profit impact from the loss of the North American babycare elastic laminate volume was offset by the favorable mix in our surface protection films and personal care products materials, bolstered by successful new product launches and expansions. We intend to build on that momentum in 2015. In addition, Film Products' 2014 safety performance was world class, far better than the industry average. Notwithstanding the issues in our Cabo, Brazil facility, Film Products delivered strong operational performance across the globe both in quality and productivity. We believe Bonnell Aluminum's 2014 performance reflects the strength of our strategy. Bonnell Aluminum had an outstanding year, with strong demand for our value-added products and solid volume growth in nonresidential building and construction during the second half of the year. Bonnell Aluminum's 2014 operating profit from ongoing operations* was $25.7 million, a 40% improvement over 2013. Year-over-year net sales* and volume grew 11% and 7%, respectively. This business also achieved record performance in safety and working capital management. After starting up its new extrusion press dedicated to the automotive industry

early in the year, Bonnell successfully launched production of components for several automotive programs. Our decision to expand our automotive capability is being rewarded as our opportunities in this market continue to grow. We also recently added medium strength extrusion capability to our large press in our Carthage, Tennessee facility, expanding Bonnell's breadth of offerings to its customers. Additionally, Bonnell experienced continued growth in its fabrication services and invested in new capacity to meet customer demand. Similarly, we recently expanded our anodizing capacity in our Carthage, Tennessee facility, in response to the pent up market demand for highquality anodized extrusions that developed during 2014. We are building a better, stronger Tredegar. I offer Bonnell's 2014 performance as evidence. Our strategy to invest for growth and market diversification in Bonnell is working. And while taking a bit longer to translate into Film Products' financial results, we are confident that our strategy will succeed there as well. We made progress in executing on our strategy in 2014. With Tredegar's overall level of capital investment moderating in 2015, we are focused on realizing an attractive return on our recent investments through strong execution. You've heard from me before that our key markets are attractive, and they remain so. The opportunity for top and bottom line growth is there, and as we execute in 2015, we intend to deliver on that. By the end of 2016, we expect Tredegar's return on invested capital* to be in the 11% to 12% range.

2014 Annual Report



Page 3

I want to recognize the unwavering dedication of Tredegar's employees who consistently rise to each challenge laid before them. Similarly, I'm grateful to Tredegar's Board of Directors for sharing their experience and wisdom. In particular, I want to recognize the many valuable contributions of Donald T. Cowles who, after 12 years of noteworthy service, will retire from Tredegar's Board of Directors at our 2015 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Don's energetic leadership as Chairman of Tredegar's Audit Committee for the past five years is only one example of his rigorous stewardship. Don's deep and probing questions and his insightful observations enriched our discussions and viewpoints. Tredegar has benefitted greatly from Don's knowledge, industry experience and enthusiastic advocacy for our shareholders. Don, we thank you. My utmost appreciation goes to our customers, who both challenge and support us in our drive for innovation and operational excellence. Tredegar's management team and employees appreciate the trust placed in us by our shareholders, and our commitment to honor that trust by creating shareholder value has never been stronger. Thank you. Sincerely,

Film Products
17%

($579 million Net Sales in 2014)

43%
North America Net Sales by Region Europe Asia Latin America

19%

21% 8% 1% 33% 16%
Net Sales by Major Product Categories Personal Care­Feminine Hygiene Personal Care­Baby Diaper Personal Care­Adult Incontinence Flexible Packaging Surface Protection Polyethylene Overwrap and Polypropylene Films

20% 17% 5%

Films for Other Markets

Aluminum Extrusions
($344 million Net Sales in 2014)

5% 8% 13%

4% 58%
Building & Construction
(nonresidential)

Building & Construction
(residential)

Net Sales by End Market

Automotive Consumer Durables Machinery & Equipment Distribution Electrical

Nancy M. Taylor President and Chief Executive Officer

6% 6%

