To Our Shareholders:
Tredegar made solid progress during 2004. Net sales, operating profit and earnings from continuing operations improved over 2003. Looking beyond these gains, we see unique opportunities and formidable challenges in each of our businesses. Profits in Film Products were hurt by an unprecedented rise in resin prices, but we continued to build a foundation for growth by introducing new products and strengthening our global infrastructure. In Aluminum Extrusions, improving market conditions, cost reductions and a tightened focus on selected growth opportunities led to a substantial jump in profits. Therics rolled out its initial product line and is now seeking market acceptance and penetration. We begin 2005 with optimism. Our financial position is strong. Our leadership team is refining and reshaping strategies to compete in markets that demand great flexibility and agility. We will continue to invest aggressively in global growth opportunities, and will not hesitate to make the decisions necessary to create value for shareholders. Film Products: A Continuing Evolution As a global business with unique competitive advantages, Film Products has significant growth potential. Its primary strategies are to:  Introduce new products that feature consumer-noticeable innovations  Continue global expansion by targeting emerging economies  Leverage technology and knowhow to enter new markets  Reduce costs to enhance competitive position in world markets Over the last five years, this business has been completely restructured. Since 2000, we've invested more than $200 million in new technologies, products,

plants and information systems. We've reduced the number of domestic films plants from eight to four, while substantially increasing capacity in Europe and Asia. We are focused primarily on developing and selling higher-value apertured, elastic and specialty materials to our global customers. We are continuing to penetrate emerging markets in Asia and Eastern Europe, and we're using our technologies and knowledge of materials to expand beyond personal care markets by offering films used in surface protection, food packaging and protective clothing applications. In short, we have reinvented and repositioned this business. Our goal is to become the supplier of choice to customers throughout the world by consistently delivering consumer-noticeable innovation. We're making steady progress, as evidenced by the recent success of several new elastic and apertured products. For example, our elastic components for diaper side tabs and panels showed impressive growth in 2004 that should continue in 2005. Our new feminine pad topsheets are poised for growth in the U.S. and other regions. These products, along with other new specialty films, were the primary drivers of a 9% increase in sales in 2004. During the second half of 2004, it was particularly encouraging to see increasing profits from new products despite drastically higher resin costs. As selling price increases and other cost-sharing agreements take effect in 2005, profit growth should accelerate. Given the dynamic nature of worldwide markets, the evolution of Film Products is an ongoing process. We will continue to invest in new products, global infrastructure and process improvements. With the seemingly endless upward spiral of raw material costs, identifying and capturing internal efficiencies is more important than ever. As a global company, our success depends on our ability to satisfy the

needs of a wide variety of diverse geographic markets, each with its own economy and unique consumer characteristics. We will continue to develop global management and information systems that are consistent across all regions. But our strategies, tactics and resources must be tightly aligned with the unique needs of consumers in each of the regions we serve. This is a difficult balancing act between cultures and economies, but one that we believe will pay great dividends. Aluminum Extrusions: Improving Economy Drives Growth Aluminum Extrusions turned in a solid performance in 2004. Profits jumped 50% on 7% volume growth, demonstrating the operating leverage we've been waiting to see. In addition to higher volume, the profit improvement was driven by more favorable pricing and substantial cost reductions. Measures of on-time and complete deliveries improved while customer returns and lost-time injuries declined. During the last economic downturn, our industry was challenged by overcapacity. A rebound is under way, and it seems to be picking up strength. Our volume in 2004 was up in almost all markets, including an increase of 13% in commercial construction, our largest market. Our strategy in Aluminum is simple--to continue improving quality and service in preferred end markets while enhancing productivity and reducing costs. The main focus is on strengthening our position in selected markets for highly customized extrusions, such as commercial construction, where quality, service and efficiency give us a competitive advantage. We're also optimistic about our trading partnership with a China-based extruder that is helping us serve customers who need more standardized shapes. Finally, we will continue to be aggressive in reducing costs in all areas. The recent consolidation of our Canadian operations should improve customer service while reducing annual operating expenses.

page 2

Chairman's Letter:
This business is on track and heading in the right direction. If the economy cooperates, we expect profit growth to gain momentum in 2005. Progress at Therics Therics launched its initial line of orthopaedic products in April of 2004. Since then, the feedback we've gotten from surgeons and others in the marketplace has been positive. We're working with selected surgeons and using patient-based case studies to improve existing products and develop more advanced product line extensions. Unfortunately, our sales and marketing results are evolving more slowly than we had hoped. Therics recently took steps to reduce its burn rate and is exploring potential collaborations with other companies aimed at accelerating market penetration across a broader array of market segments. We're hopeful that Therics will soon begin to demonstrate its value creation potential. Picking up the Pace I'll close by thanking our employees once again for their tireless efforts to make Tredegar a better company, and our Board of Directors for its invaluable counsel and support. As the following comments from John reflect, very significant changes in our Board will occur at our annual meeting. I join John in his thanks and tribute to our retiring Board members and his welcome to Horst Adam. During 2004, we took some great strides forward in our efforts to create shareholder value. I fully expect our pace to accelerate in 2005. Sincerely, 1887--Albemarle Paper Manufacturing Company founded 1962--Albemarle purchases Ethyl Corporation 1989--Ethyl spins off plastics, aluminum and energy businesses to create Tredegar Corporation In 1943, before going to war, Floyd D. Gottwald, Jr. joined a small industrial firm, Albemarle Paper Manufacturing Company. Nearly 20 years later, on November 30, 1962, Floyd was Executive Vice President of a chemical company, Ethyl Corporation. Albemarle's purchase of Ethyl, 13 times the acquirer's size, was one of the first and most successful leveraged buyouts in America. Despite the $200 million of debt assumed in 1962, one year later to the day, Ethyl bought VisQueen, a plastic films manufacturer. A paper manufacturer had become a chemical company with a vision for more. In April of 1966, Ethyl acquired The William L. Bonnell Company, an aluminum extruder. Today, VisQueen and Bonnell are the essence of Tredegar Corporation. Floyd birthed Tredegar, provided the resources that allowed us to grow, spun us off, and advised us after we became independent. Richard W. Goodrum joined Ethyl as an engineer in 1957. Ethyl's acquisition of VisQueen provided Dick with an opportunity to learn the films business. Under his leadership VisQueen became a highly successful supplier of specialty films with a particular focus on personal care markets. I learned early in my career that Dick had a depth of character and strength of will that made good things happen. When Tredegar was spun off from Ethyl in 1989, Dick became Chief Operating Officer and led a turnaround that created substantial shareholder value in the 1990s. In order to accelerate the improvements of the 1990s, Tredegar needed an engaged Board of Directors. In 1993, Phyllis Cothran joined our Board and brought new perspectives to the table. Her questions, energy and enthusiasm for change helped Tredegar find the courage to implement many tough decisions. Effective April 28, Floyd, Dick and Phyllis will retire from Tredegar's Board. It's impossible to adequately express appreciation for the leadership, service and counsel that these three directors have provided. They will no longer be members of our Board, but I can assure you that Norm and I will continue to benefit from their wisdom. A new director, Horst Adam, has been nominated to serve on Tredegar's Board for a term of three years. Horst, who has lived and worked in Silicon Valley for many years, will bring an entrepreneurial expertise to our company. Horst has been the CEO of several medical technology companies, and I'm confident that Tredegar will benefit from his experience, insights and commitment to excellence. I thank him for his willingness to serve.

Norman A. Scher
President and CEO February 28, 2005

John D. Gottwald
Chairman

page 3

