Tredegar Corporation · 2013 Annual Report

Dear Shareholders,
countries provides attractive growth rates for adult incontinence products. The demand for electronic hand-held devices continues to expand, and we are well situated to support our surface protection films customers as the quality requirements for d  isplay screens are raised. While there is currently a global over supply of flexible pack aging films, the demand for these products is growing. We expect to benefit as that supply/demand cycle rebalances over the next few years. The expectation for greater energy efficiency in lighting has accelerated the adoption rate for LED lighting and other efficient technologies, which is providing momentum for our optical management products. Bonnell Aluminum, our aluminum extrusion business, is well-positioned for growth as well. It has expanded its capability to serve the automotive industry's growing demand for aluminum as automakers look for substitute materials to meet higher fuel efficiency requirements. Through the AACOA acquisition, we strengthened Bonnell's position in several end-use markets outside of nonresidential building and construction, and broadened its valueadded capabilities. Our expertise in nonresidential construction is as keen as ever, and the continuing, albeit slow, recovery in that market provides additional opportunity. We have been executing our strategy and our results have improved. From 2010 to 2013, net sales* increased 29% to $931 million and the combined operating profit from ongoing operations* for Film Products and Bonnell Aluminum increased 43% to $89.3 million. Over the same period, earnings per share from ongoing operations* increased by 31% to $1.15 per share, and cash from operating activities exceeded $70 million in each of the last three years. Our results are not just financial. We have reduced both our market and customer concentration, achieved record results in our safety performance, reduced product development cycle times and made meaningful productivity gains. Our balance sheet has remained strong as we've made strategic investments in our businesses and returned capital to our shareholders through share repurchases, regular dividend increases and a special dividend.

"Where are we going and when will we get there?"
Four years ago, Tredegar embarked upon a strategy to enhance shareholder value by focusing on our manufacturing strengths, market leadership and innovation capabilities. Successfully execu- ting this strategy will transform Tredegar into a larger, more diversified, more profitable manufacturing company. We are excited about our progress and confident that we are on the path of continued success. Since launching our strategy, we have made three acquisitions, invested in additional capacity and capabilities, and introduced new products in our key markets. These investments have strengthened Tredegar's leadership position in our core markets and have allowed us to expand into new markets with attractive growth trends. While the continuing global economic malaise has created challenges, we are well-positioned in growing markets. In our Film Products business, demand for personal care products in the emerging markets continues to increase. The aging population in developed

Our strategy is yielding real results...
Four years ago, our goal was to implement a strategy that would enhance shareholder value and improve our financial results to benefit all of our stakeholders. We believe we are doing just that. In 2013, Film Products and Bonnell each experienced year-over-year growth in net sales and operating profit from ongoing operations. Both businesses continued to make progress on their growth initiatives. Film Products has introduced new product platforms and made strategic investments in new capacity to serve markets where there is growing demand for our products. Last year, Film Products gained traction with its new personal care product offerings, and the net sales for our surface protec t ion films hit record levels. Bonnell is accelerating its penetration into new markets

*See appendix for footnotes

2

Tredegar Corporation · 2013 Annual Report

"These investments have strengthened Tredegar's leadership position in our core markets and have allowed us to expand into new markets with attractive growth trends."
through its investment in a new press to serve the automotive market and capitalizing on the AACOA acquisition. challenges for our Film Products business. In spite of the challenges, we expect Film Products to achieve volume growth by leveraging our new products and capacity expansions and build further on the foundation for growth beyond the next year. For Bonnell, our new press for the automotive market is creating a well-defined opportunity for volume growth in the near term and Bonnell is energized to achieve growth across all of its markets. Given the tough environment head ing into 2014, we are executing against aggressive targets for productivity gains and cost reductions across the whole of Tredegar. the last year has brought us closer to that goal and we will be closer still one year from now. I am confident that our strategy will keep us on the path to success. We are building a stronger, more sustainable growth engine for Tredegar. To our shareholders, thank you for your investment and trust. We know that both are precious. To our customers, we appreciate your continued business and strive to delight you every day. To our employees, thank you for your commitment, engagement and achievement. Your willingness to go the extra mile for our customers and our Company is inspiring. To our Board of Directors, thank you for your unfailing dedication to create value for our shareholders. In May, Austin Brockenbrough III will retire from Tredegar's Board after 21 years of devoted service. Austin has been steadfast in his duty to serve the best interests of shareholders. Tredegar has benefited from Austin's many talents, not the least of which is his nose for business. He is defined by his high integrity and commitment to do the right thing. Austin is a man of character, and his energy, business savvy, and wisdom will be missed. Sincerely,

...but we are not there yet.
2013 presented both of our businesses with challenges. In Film Products, our flexible packaging business faced a weakening Brazilian economy and the impact of the downside in the global cycle for flexible packaging. In certain product areas, operational inefficiencies negatively impacted operating margins and our productivity gains weren't always sufficient to offset pricing pressure. Bonnell's market segments within nonresidential building and construction were flat in 2013, and it experienced an unfavorable shift in product mix. On a consolidated basis, Tredegar's 2013 income from ongoing operations* was $37.3 million, down slightly from 2012 as we experienced headwinds that resulted in a five-cent per share drop in our 2013 earnings from 2012. Pension expense increased by $5.6MM, or $0.11 per share. In addition, we incurred corporate expenses of $1.4 million that were unrelated to our normal operations. Our expectation is to deliver to our shareholders year-over-year earnings improvement, and we didn't achieve that in 2013. We have invested for growth, and we intend to deliver on that investment. We know that we have our work cut out for us in 2014. The global economy remains bumpy at best. That difficult dynamic, coupled with the previously announced loss of certain North American baby diaper elastics volumes, present

Where are we going and when will we get there?
We are successfully executing our strategy to create shareholder value by achieving customer and market diversification, delivering volume growth, and realizing a favorable return on invested capital. By 2016, we expect volume growth of approx i mately 5% compound annual growth rate* and a return on invested capital* of 11%. Our 2016 targets build on the foundational strengths of our business, and we expect our strategy to continue to deliver improved results beyond 2016. In last year's letter, I described Tredegar as the tale of two com panies and wrote that I expected, in a year's time, we would be closer to our goal of becoming the tale of one company, a company that is delivering on its promises of operational excellence, leadership and innovation. There is no doubt that

Nancy M. Taylor President and Chief Executive Officer

3

