DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
I received a very helpful letter from a shareholder last summer. In a very polite manner, he suggested that my 2015 letter to shareholders needed a little bumping up on Vision. There is no doubt that historically I have disappointed some on what President George H. W. Bush called "the vision thing." I continue to search for an aweinspiring, textbook-compliant Vision Statement. I am certain that epiphany will occur on my deathbed, along with other insights like "I prod and Warren's wisdom got me thinking: I consider myself a leader, so what is my preferred reality? In a nutshell, I would like for all shareholders, employees, and customers to sleep well at night.  From my experience, a good night's sleep depends on a mattress of confidence. With that premise in mind, I offer my prerequisites for stakeholders' confidence, and my assessment of our progress toward unfavorable developments. For example, a reasonably alert shareholder knows that we have not only lost a substantial amount of sales with top customers in our polyethylene films business units over recent years, but we are v ulnerable to continued losses  as customers seek to substitute lower cost materials (in Surface Protection) or alternative designs that could reduce our market share

Diluted Earnings Per Share that goal. Ongoing Operations*

Aluminum Extrusions t to (in Personal Care). Our Pro response Ongoing Operations* In Millions this downward trend has been to
listen carefully to our customers, increase product development investment (spending), strengthen our commercialization capability, and broaden our customer base. Regarding competency, other than the consistently excellent results from our Bonnell team (see the Aluminum Extrusions '10 '11 '12 '13 '14 profit '15 trend '16 chart), I cannot yet demonstrate as compelling a case as I would

should have flossed and asked 1.2 my wife about her feelings more

SHAREHOLDERS

A shareholder's confidence 40 35 depends on the following. 1.0 often." Nevertheless, I thought I 30 would offer my latest ruminations 0.8 1) A strong management team 25 that is on the topic in this year's letter. honest, transparent, and competent. 0.6 20 15 to Most weeks I share a quote with Status: We have worked hard 0.4 10 my team. One by Warren Bennis earn your trust. Transparency is 0.2 5 stuck with me: "Leadership is a top priority. We have provided 0.0 0 '08 '08 '09 '10into '11 '12 '13 '16 and pointed disclosures bringing vision reality." The '14 '15 timely on '09 confluence of the shareholder's a number of significant risks and

Diluted Earnings Per Share Ongoing Operations*
$

Aluminum Extrusions Pro t Ongoing Operations* In Millions
$

1.20 $1.15 $

1.13
$

38

$

0.93 $

1.01
$ $

$ $ 0.85 0.88 0.87

$

30

0.69
$

26

18

$

10 ($7) ($4)
$

$

9

3

'08 '09 '10 '11 '12 '13 '14 '15 '16

'08 '09

'10

'11 '12 '13 '14 '15 '16

1

like across the whole company. Earnings have declined for four straight years (see chart on page 1) in large part due to the p  reviously mentioned sales losses. As we spend more to enhance our capabilities and rejuvenate our new product offerings in the Personal Care unit, profits continue to weaken. But we are encouraged by several new projects that are gathering momentum. These projects are the keys to demonstrating healthy profit growth in 2018 and beyond. 2) A sustainable competitive advantage. Status: In three words, this is a work in progress. Our Bonnell Aluminum team is pushing themselves to become increasingly indispensable to our customers by targeting tech nically challenging opportunities and providing superior service. A significant positive step toward this goal has been achieved with

the recently announced acquisition of Futura Industries. Futura is a well-managed aluminum extruder and fabricator located in Clearfield, Utah. We believe that Futura will help our entire organization become even more customer-oriented and will contribute innovative approaches to improve productivity. Our plastic film business units utilize a number of unique technologies, which provide opportunities for customer and consumer-directed new product development. Some of these potential new products are in areas where no competitor can duplicate our offerings. I am hopeful that our management teams will be able to capture the value of our solutions such that shareholders will benefit from meaningful growth down the road. 3) A reasonable balance of risks and rewards through customer and market diversification.

Status: Bonnell remains vulnerable to economic cycles. Demand for most products that incorporate aluminum decline when a recession occurs. However, we have reduced our exposure over the last few years through market diversification. In 2010, 82% of our sales were tied to the construction market (see chart below). Today, our participation in the automotive and specialty segments has grown significantly, lessening our dependence on one principal market. One contributor to this shift was the 2012 acquisition of AACOA. Now, with the addition of Futura, we expect additional market diversification benefits, further reducing our exposure to building and construction markets to approximately 59%. Futura also provides a geographic presence in the western United States which we previously did not have. Two of our business units in polyethylene films are dependent on relatively few customers. The top

Aluminum Extrusions Sales by End Market

2010
(before AACOA & Futura Acquisitions)

2016
(including AACOA & Futura)

10% 8%

30%

82%
Building & Construction

11%
Automotive Specialty

59%

2

three Surface Protection customers account for a significant portion of Surface Protection sales. One of those customers is actively pursuing a strategy to diversify its supply base, while another has a program directed at replacing some of our film with an alternative material. In response, we are diversifying our customer base as rapidly as possible and developing new products that we believe bring substantial value to our customers. Our challenge is to gain traction quickly with a greater diversity of products and customers. We are applying the same approach in Personal Care, 6 Bright View and Terphane. 5 4) A solid 4 balance sheet and ability to consistently generate cash. 3 Status: In March 2016, we completed 2 a refinancing of our revolving credit 1 facility. This facility has four more 0 years until maturity and permits '12 '10 '11 us to borrow up to $400 million. The combination of this credit

facility and our solid balance sheet allowed us to quickly take advantage of the opportunity to acquire Futura. Our pro forma post-acquisition leverage ratio (indebtedness-toadjusted EBITDA) at December 31, 2016 is 2.25x, which is well below the 3.5x level at which dividend restrictions could occur.* With $13.6 million of EBITDA in 2016, Futura should add to our cash generation. CUSTOMERS Regardless of country, region, culture, material, or market, customers tend to express very similar needs. Customers place a high value on integrity. Remarkably, as important as trust is, a supplier that is honest and open can often differentiate itself from its competitors. Tredegar aspires to be seen as the most principled supplier by all of our '13 '14 '15 customers. Have we been difficult to work with at times? Yes. Can we tell our customers everything they

want to know about our unique technologies? No. Have we always provided immediate notification of potential issues? No. However, every shortcoming is recognized as an opportunity for us to improve. And, despite the lapses, given our demonstrated efforts to be the best supplier possible, I believe we are seen as a supplier that exemplifies the highest integrity. Our leaders must continue to reinforce this value throughout the entire organization every day. Most customers state very plainly that quality of product and reliability of supply are "givens." They should be, yet differentials between suppliers continue to exist, and sometimes we come up short of expectations. Too often we've had service and supply issues. Reliability of delivery for all customers is critical. World-class organizations  '16 continuously improve their manu facturing, sales and service systems to optimize the supply chain.

Aluminum Extrusions & PE Films Safety Performance Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR)
5.8 4.4 2.8 1.1

5 YEAR INDUSTRY AVERAGE
5.3 5.5 Aluminum Extrusions

6 5 4 3 2 1 0

5.2
2.2 2.2 PE Films

1.9

2.2 0.6

0.0 '10 '11 '12 '13
PE Films

0.1 '15

0.2 '16

5.8

'14

Aluminum Extrusions

Five year industry average through 2014. See Appendix for more information.

3

Tredegar, like many manufacturers, has plenty of room for improvement in our systems. This is a priority that is receiving added resources. All business is based on value propositions. Tredegar prefers to participate in markets where we can bring solutions that are not only preferred by the ultimate consumer through best-in-class  performance, but also provide our customers with improved market share. Consequently, we are placing a substantial emphasis on innovation. Specifically, our PE Films' R&D expenses in 2017 are expected to be approximately $20 million or 30% higher than we experienced in 2015. The type of value proposition that we like to pursue might be better understood through examples. When we supply manufacturers of electronic display screens with a product that reduces their operating scrap rates or machine downtimes, then the value of our product far exceeds its cost. In personal hygiene markets, if we can provide a woman with the softest product that keeps her drier than other alternatives, then our customer benefits from a powerful increase in market share  (i.e. their sales and profits grow). EMPLOYEES I'm a baby boomer. I have to confess that younger generations confound me. A Millennial has a very different perspective of the world and

employment than I. Regardless, Tredegar employees' confidence is improved if we can deliver on a few fundamental needs and expectations. We believe that when an employee comes to work at a Tredegar location he or she should be in an environment that is not only safer than any other employer in our industry, but safer than when he or she is at home. Tredegar's safety performance has been outstanding over the past several years (see chart on previous page). However, we experienced an explosion in one of our aluminum cast houses this summer. Thankfully, there were no fatalities, but this incident reinforces the need to constantly improve our safety practices and policies. Most people strongly value opportunity and self-fulfillment. This is an area where the generation gaps might be the most significant in terms of definition as well as expectations. Every business is seeking the magic potion that allows it to succeed in the marketplace of human talent. This is an area where Tredegar must show meaningful improvement. If we fail to provide an environment that attracts and keeps brain power, then no strategy or vision can be realized. While there has been a large reduction (33%) since mid-2015 in the number of employees that responded "needs improvement" to

a survey regarding Talent Retention and Talent Development, the current level of apparent dissatisfaction is large (36%). This is an alarm that must be addressed. I suspect I failed to meet the shareholder's Vision Statement expectation once again, but hopefully you have a little better insight as to what we are doing to improve your sleep. At this year's Annual Meeting we will commemorate George Newbill's retirement from Tredegar's Board. On behalf of all directors and employees, I'd like to express our deep appreciation for George's serv ice to the company. Fortunately, we have successfully recruited John Steitz to join the Board. John is CEO of a chemical firm, Addivant Corporation. He and George worked together for many years at Albemarle Corporation when John was its COO. John is a great addition to the Board, bringing extensive operating and commercial experience. Thank you, George and John!

John D. Gottwald President and Chief Executive Officer

* See Appendix for footnotes. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this letter, including statements regarding our plans, objectives and goals, and future events or results, are forward-looking statements. See "Forward-looking and Cautionary Statements" on page 20 of the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K.

4

