2

Dear Shareholders,

There were many bright spots during the year for Tredegar. Tredegar's 2012 net income from ongoing operations was $38.5 million, a 38% increase over 2011's result of $27.9 million. Cash generated from our operating activities was strong at $82 million, up from $72 million in 2011.

Often at Tredegar, it seems as though we are the tale of two companies. We deliver strong financial and operational performance in part of the business and fall short in another. When comparing the results of our Bonnell Aluminum division to that of our Film Products division (particularly the longerowned portion of Films), 2012 was truly a tale of two companies. Our 2012 tale of two companies includes many bright spots. Our 2012 diluted earnings per share of $1.20 from ongoing operations* was a significant improvement ($0.33) over the prior year, largely due to the contribution of Terphane, Film Products' flexible packaging unit acquired in October 2011. Tredegar's 2012 income from ongoing operations* was $38.5 million, a 38% increase over 2011's result of $27.9 million. Cash generated from our operating activities was strong at $82 million, up from $72 million in 2011. We increased our quarterly dividend by 33% on an annualized basis, our second dividend increase in less than two years. We followed this February with a 16.7% annualized increase, commencing with our April 1, 2013 dividend. In December 2012, we paid a special dividend of $0.75 per share. Another important part of our story is the progress we made on our strategic initiatives. The acquisition of AACOA on October 1st, representing our second

acquisition in just under a year, provides important market diversification to our Bonnell Aluminum business. We have committed to the addition of a new press in Bonnell's Newnan, Georgia facility that will focus on serving the automotive market. This market opportunity surfaced as part of Bonnell's growth strategy and positions Bonnell to participate in the widely publicized growth trend for aluminum in new vehicles to reduce weight and improve fuel efficiency. We also sold Falling Springs, our mitigation banking business, which did not match our focus on manufacturing. There were bright spots and then there were some very bright spots in 2012 for Tredegar. One very bright spot was the overall performance of Bonnell Aluminum. Bonnell's 2012 operating profit from ongoing operations was $9 million compared to $3.5 million in 2011. This represented a 161% yearover-year improvement. Bonnell reduced its working capital to a historic low, continued its aggressive focus on taking out cost and contributed to Tredegar's strong cash flow from operations. And there was so much more to the story of Bonnell's 2012 performance than just the numbers. Early in 2012, Bonnell made the decision to close its Kentland, Indiana facility. It is a testament to the Bonnell organization, and particularly to our Kentland employees, that the completion of the closure was virtually flawless. The Kentland employees kept their heads up and

*See appendix for footnote 1.

3

focused on delivering quality to customers as they transitioned away from the plant. The closure was managed ahead of schedule and on budget. It is a story of operational excellence. There were a number of other significant activities that the Bonnell organization managed concurrently during 2012. I've already mentioned the new press for the automotive market. There was also the upgrade to their resource planning system that was implemented without missing a beat. And of course, and very significant to Bonnell's growth strategy, there was the acquisition of AACOA. The union between Bonnell and AACOA was consummated after a lengthy and considered courtship on both sides to be confident that it was the right combination of culture, markets and capabilities. As we integrate AACOA, it is raising the bar for the rest of Bonnell. Applying AACOA's best practices and tapping into its strengths is driving us to challenge our paradigms, even one or two metrics that we have held as sacrosanct for many years. And of course, as would be expected with any healthy marriage, Bonnell has strengths and capabilities that will benefit AACOA's operations and customers. Less bright was Bonnell's safety performance in 2012. While incident rates were still well below the industry average, Bonnell `s safety performance fell short of its aggressive internal goals. The severity rate of the injuries, however, was much less than in the past, which is encouraging. We believe that the focus and effort that Bonnell has put into safety is changing the way employees go about their work in the plant (and at home). In Tredegar's 2012 version of the tale of two companies, Bonnell is a very good story. The 2012 performance of our Film Products business, particularly in our traditional markets, was a more challenging story. We continued to face headwinds, which included reduced consumer demand for products that use our materials. Film Products did experience year-over-year improvement in volume

(24% growth) and operating profit from ongoing operations ($69.9 million in 2012 versus $59.5 million in 2011). The real driver behind that improvement, however, was the acquisition of Terphane. Excluding Terphane results, we saw declines in volume (5%), sales (7%) and operating profit (10%) versus 2011 levels. While some of the difficult market conditions that negatively impacted our performance in 2011 continued into 2012, we were slower than we should have been in making important organizational and process changes. More simply said, we stumbled in our drive for operational excellence and innovation. With a number of those key changes in place, however, we started to see signs of improvement in the second half of the year. I wish I could report that all of Film Products' challenges are behind us, but they are not. Market conditions in some of our key markets remain uncertain at best. And we still have work to do to function consistently throughout the organization on a level that meets our definitions of operational excellence, innovation and leadership. Even within the more disappointing part of our tale of two companies, our Film Product's division enjoyed a number of successes during the last year. After two years of negative trends in safety, we experienced a meaningful decline in our recordable injury rate. Film Products continued to focus on reducing its working capital as well as driving other cost saving measures, which contributed to strong cash flows from operations in 2012. The integration of Terphane progressed as planned with several key opportunities for our employees from the combined company to work side by side and learn from each other, such as the planning and undertaking of the approximately $75 million capacity expansion in our Cabo de Santo Agostinho, Brazil, facility, which represents the largest capital project in Tredegar's history. After a challenging start to the year, we regained important ground in the surface protection market by supporting existing customers as their businesses improved as well as bringing on some

4

We also made progress on our strategic initiatives. The acquisition of AACOA on October 1st, representing our second acquisition in just under a year, provides important market diversification to our Bonnell Aluminum business.
I want to thank our shareholders for their patience and support. We are committed to creating value and a return on your investment. I am ever grateful to our customers for placing their confidence in us. Our daily efforts are dedicated to rewarding you for that trust. I cannot begin to express my appreciation for the commitment and sacrifice of Tredegar's employees and their supportive families who deserve all of the credit for our successes and accomplishments. Many thanks to the members of Tredegar's Board of Directors who work tirelessly overseeing, advising and challenging me and my management team on the operation of the business and the development and execution of our strategic initiatives. Finally, even great stories must come to an end, and so it is with the long and exemplary Board service of Dr. Richard L. Morrill. Rich will retire from Tredegar's Board of Directors at the conclusion of the Board meeting that follows Tredegar's 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Rich joined Tredegar's Board of Directors in 1997 and served as Chairman of the Board from 2006 to 2010. He is a true statesman and gentleman. His strategic insight, strong intellect, calming practicality and thoughtful leadership are unsurpassed. It has been Tredegar's great fortune to have had access to Rich's many talents over the years. Thank you, Rich, you will be missed. Sincerely,

key new customers. We took some big steps forward, like the remarkable transformation of culture in Film Products' Pottsville, Pennsylvania plant, a plant which is setting a benchmark for employee empowerment, and the less obvious but truly inspirational examples of employees fighting through disappointment with heads held high, determined to translate our setbacks into opportunities. I would be remiss if I did not highlight another bright chapter in Tredegar's 2012 tale. An important element of Tredegar's vision is promoting global citizenship and we took positive steps forward in this area as well. We have partnered with ChildFund International for school-related projects in a service area near our Pune, India plant, which will draw upon the talent and energy of our employees there. Tredegar's Sustainability Committee orchestrated our first annual Tredegar Earth Day with overwhelming participation and contribution by our employees in every one of our facilities around the world. And our generous and engaged employees continued to step up their efforts to support non-profit organizations in their local communities. As I noted at the start of this letter, Tredegar often seems to be the tale of two companies. What I can assure you is that this is not acceptable to Tredegar's leadership nor is it to our committed and engaged group of employees. We are determined to push every part of our business to be bright spots, to become the tale of one company, a company that is delivering on its promises of operational excellence, leadership and innovation. I hope and expect that we will be much closer to that goal a year from now.

Nancy M. Taylor
President and Chief Executive Officer

