To Our Shareholders

I have assumed the position of President effective March 1, 2006. I thought you might be interested to know what I have been communicating throughout the company regarding my expectations and my priorities. Expectations Value Creation: All businesses, divisions, strategic entities and regions must generate a return that supports the capital invested in it. The current level of performance is not acceptable. Tredegar's income from manufacturing operations has dropped from a high of $65 million in 1999, to $ 31 million in 2005. This decline has occurred despite large capital outlays. Continuous incremental improvements are very helpful, but the challenge requires more. Every manager in Tredegar must be focused on generating improved returns. We must reexamine our strategies and test all assumptions. Priorities Cost: Tredegar, like many manufacturers, has been hit by a wave of unfavorable cost trends. Raw material and energy costs have soared over the past couple of years. Polyethylene resin is 100% higher than it was in 2002. Aluminum is at an 18-year high. In 2005, the spike in the price of natural gas added $7 million to Bonnell's cost and the Canadian Dollar's appreciation adversely impacted operating profits in Bonnell by about $3.5 million. Our businesses have offset some of these cost pressures through cost reductions and pricing adjustments, but we must do more. Many market forces

are beyond our control, but we can address our costs and overhead. The management teams of our films and aluminum businesses have identified what they consider aggressive cost reduction plans for 2006. I will urge them to exceed these targets. Strategy: All aspects of Tredegar are undergoing strategic assessments. We will identify areas where we have advantages and, consequently, warrant resources. There is no doubt that we will also identify areas where the current strategies are failing. In such cases we will explore alternative approaches. All non-value added activities will be targeted for elimination or minimization. Tredegar has talented people. If we can focus our human capital on the products, markets and technologies that have the greatest impact on value creation, then we will succeed. Organizational Effectiveness: Tredegar is like most organizations. We have great people who want to win. There are a few basics to winning. It starts with a vision of excellence. Priorities, strategy and expectations must be clear. Execution is the hard part. This is where the efforts of all employees come to bear. Performance is enhanced when a talented group of leaders efficiently organizes the work in a structure that aligns responsibility with strategy. In order for the contributors to maximize their potential, procedures must be clear and rigorously followed. Tredegar will continue to develop talent, improve processes, and exercise proper controls.

Improvement in our effectiveness over time will enhance our cost reduction activities and strategy execution. Summary We will be leaders in the aluminum extrusion and plastic film industries with a focus on value creation. There is no doubt that the challenges are great, but I believe that our people can and will improve results for shareholders through aggressive cost reduction, well developed strategies and enhanced organizational effectiveness. Change may come slowly at first, but as execution improves so will confidence. Tredegar's customers will see the value we offer. Their level of satisfaction will increase. Accordingly, opportunities will increase as well. Employees will benefit from the success through growth, individual opportunity and being part of a winning team. In closing, I'd like to express my personal appreciation for Norm Scher's service to Tredegar. At the age of 68 he has seen the merits of a less stressful life. While he will continue as our Vice Chairman and help us with several important projects, it is fitting that his dedication to Tredegar over the last 17 years be recognized and I thank him for his leadership. Sincerely,

John D. Gottwald President and Chief Executive Officer

page 2

