Dear Shareholders,
The end of one year and the start of another provide the impetus for reflection. What went well and what didn't? What can we do better? How were we surprised and why? What did we learn from our successes and from our mistakes? What new trends are emerging in our key markets? How can we best take advantage of those trends? Is our strategy working? At Tredegar, these are familiar questions. And it's true, we do reflect upon these questions as the year closes, but they are not questions asked just once a year. As part of our drive for operational excellence, innovation and leadership, these are our everyday questions. So, how should you, as a shareholder, think about these questions as you consider Tredegar's overall performance in 2011? If you're interested in my assessment, the short answer is that 2011 was a challenging year for Tredegar, with mixed financial results, encouraging progress in executing on our strategy and vision, and plenty of valuable learning. Tredegar's financial performance for the year varied across our businesses. Tredegar's 2011 consolidated income from ongoing operations,* including results from Terphane Holdings (acquired in late October 2011), was $28.6 million, which was $0.3 million lower than 2010. Cash provided by operating activities was very strong at $72 million. The results of Bonnell Aluminum, our aluminum extrusion business, showed strong year-over-year improvement. The performance of Tredegar Film Products, our largest business, was disappointing with declines in volume and operating profit versus 2010 performance. Falling Springs, our mitigation banking business, experienced impressive year-over-year earnings growth. One of our success stories in 2011 was Bonnell's performance. While the commercial construction industry, Bonnell's key market, continued to suffer in 2011, Bonnell experienced almost 14% volume growth fueled by the success of a number of its existing customers and its new customer generation efforts. The rigorous efforts by their employees to reduce costs and improve efficiency augmented the operating leverage it realized with the improved volume. Bonnell's growth efforts coupled with its strong operating performance resulted in a $7.7 million improvement in profitability, earning $3.5 million in operating profit compared to a $4.2 million operating loss in 2010. Consistent with Tredegar's overall vision, Bonnell's strategy is centered on profitable growth. We recently announced our decision to close the Kentland, Indiana plant, a plant that is heavily reliant on the residential construction market. Our Kentland employees pushed themselves to overcome the significant hurdles created by the severe drop in residential construction, Kentland's key market. Unfortunately, the efforts of our employees across the Bonnell organization to return Kentland to profitability were not enough to mitigate the prolonged and severe impact of the decline in residential construction. Consequently, the difficult decision was made to shift our resources to markets that can provide Bonnell with an opportunity for profitable growth. We faced our share of surprises in 2011. The external environment proved to be rather tough in a couple of Films' key markets. Most significantly, we experienced a substantial volume drop in our surface protection business, which had been a bright spot in 2010, due to the downturn in consumer spending on higher end LCD televisions. Overall, Film Products (excluding Terphane Holdings) experienced a 7.7% decline in volume, which translated into a 15% reduction in operating profit. Despite the negative market dynamics, Tredegar's films business was still able to generate significant cash from operating activities. The quick actions of Film Products' leadership and the strong performance of our employees, with a keen focus on reducing costs and managing working capital, contributed substantially to their impressive cash flow. Film Products results were also affected by delays in commercializing strategic new products slated for 2011. And, as part of our drive for continuous improvement, we have asked "Why?" The answers have translated into changes in

p

2

" As we have asked ourselves what is working well and what isn't, we continue to believe that our vision, values and strategies are sound and support our drive for operational excellence, innovation and leadership. "

Film Products' processes and organizational structure. We believe the changes will drive improved execution in this area and move us closer to becoming an organization centered on operational excellence and innovation. Business development, both organic and through acquisition, continues to play an important role in our growth strategy. Film Products' acquisition of Terphane Holdings last October was an important step in implementing our strategy. The addition of this producer of polyester film for the flexible packaging market expands Film Products' technology and product portfolio, adds diversity to its customer and market base and strengthens its presence in Brazil and the rest of Latin America. As pleased as I am that we were successful in completing this acquisition, I'm just as delighted in the discipline and teamwork demonstrated by Tredegar's employees throughout the acquisition process. Our employees applied rigor and objectivity in evaluating the opportunity. And, throughout the process, we tapped into the skills and knowledge of Tredegar employees across businesses, functions and geographies. The integration of Terphane is being implemented with the same degree of care and thought, balancing the sharing of best practices with the day-to-day needs of the businesses. There is a strong cultural fit and I'm impressed with how quickly and naturally the employees from the businesses are working together. The Terphane acquisition was a visible sign of Tredegar's progress in executing its strategy. During the last year, there were other, less visible, activities as well. As part of Bonnell Aluminum's overall growth strategy, it developed key insights into several new markets. A number of these opportunities are being actively pursued by Bonnell. Also important, the knowledge gained by evaluating and ruling out certain markets is helping Bonnell to sharpen its growth strategy. In addition to Film Products and Bonnell, our other businesses continue to pursue organic growth as well. Bright View broadened its product offerings in LED and fluorescent lighting, its key market. And the strong collaboration between Bright View's and Films Products' developers opened up

additional market opportunities (which also prompted the decision to fold Bright View into Films Products at the beginning of 2012). Falling Springs has identified and is developing new product offerings, such as nutrient credits, for the environmentally oriented mitigation banking market. In last year's annual report, we rolled out Tredegar's new vision statement: Inspiring confidence by delivering long-term value to all of our stakeholders by growing profitably in our target markets, passionately pursuing operational excellence, innovation and leadership, promoting global citizenship, and embracing the talents of all our people. As we have asked ourselves what is working well and what isn't, we continue to believe that our vision, values and strategies are sound and support our drive for operational excellence, innovation and leadership. As I look ahead to 2012, I believe the external environment will continue to be challenging. I also believe that the successes and challenges of 2011 have made Tredegar's employees better prepared to respond to the difficulties and opportunities that we will face. Encouraging and supporting our employees as they ask and answer the everyday questions will continue to be an important part of unleashing their talent. My letter is not complete without expressing my deep appreciation for our customers. Thank you for your business and thank you for continuing to challenge us to be better. And to Tredegar's employees, thank you for your continued hard work and commitment. Your efforts ARE inspiring as you continue to transform our company into a strong global organization, creating new opportunities for us all and delivering on Tredegar's vision. Sincerely,

Nancy M. Taylor President and Chief Executive Officer

* See appendix for footnote 1.
2011 Annual Report

p

3

