 2
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
We knew 2006 would be an exciting year for Gannett, and we weren’t disappointed.
Inside Gannett and out, remarkable changes occurred that set our company off in new and significant direc- tions. The consumer and technology revolutions that had been developing for years took hold in 2006 and changed the marketplace for information. Customers demanded and received information how, when and where they wanted it.
Gannett was ready for the challenges, and the terrific opportunities.
Early in 2006, we announced a new strategic plan designed to embrace these trends and remake
the company to deliver on them. Then we
set about putting the plan into action,
one initiative after another. By year’s end, we had made great progress in transforming the company in both tangible and intangible ways.
Most importantly, we made this transformation while delivering for our shareholders as solidly and consistently
as we always have. Our operating revenues from continuing operations for 2006 rose to a record $8.03 billion, a 5.7 percent increase over 2005. Our operating income was $2 bil- lion; net income was $1.16 billion. Earnings per diluted share for the year were $4.90.
mission is to successfully transform Gannett to this new environment; to provide must-have news and informa- tion on demand across all media, ever mindful of our journalistic responsibilities.
We then set about creating a plan that not only would help us achieve those goals, but also would be realistic, attainable and flexible enough to adapt to the rapid changes occurring in our industry. The plan had to recognize the value of USA TODAY as a national brand,
as well as the unequaled ability of our community news- papers and television stations to deliver local – indeed hyper-local – information.
Most importantly, the plan had to redefine Gannett’s relationship with its customers.
No longer could we decide what our customers wanted and needed, then deliver it our way. Customers had to
become the central focus of all we do. From product development, to con-
tent gathering, to advertising sales, we needed to put the customer first. This
is the key strategic shift for Gannett.
The plan we ultimately crafted is elegant
in its simple premise: Gannett will achieve its mission and vision by supporting and enhancing our core businesses – our local newspapers, USA TODAY and our television stations – while growing a robust, interna-
  These results are among the best in the business. We recognize how important it is to continue to deliver for our shareholders while making this transition. We also know it is absolutely critical to continue our transforma- tion as a company in 2007 and beyond. We are commit- ted to being nimble, innovative and customer centric: We must be to survive and thrive – and deliver for our shareholders into the future.
So let me tell you what we did in this remarkable year, and why we did it.
Gannett’s Strategic Plan: Roadmap to the future...
We began developing our strategic plan by defining our vision and mission for Gannett. Our vision is that con- sumers will choose Gannett media for their news and information needs, anytime, anywhere, in any form. Our
tional digital business.
First up was the creation of Gannett Digital – an entity
empowered to take the necessary steps we need to grow and attract customers. We would do this through our tra- ditional smart acquisitions, as well as through alliances, partnerships and joint ventures.
The plan also set out three basic initiatives designed to fundamentally change the way we operate and deliver both for the core and for digital. They are:
• Drive innovation throughout the company, beginning with the creation of a Gannett Center for Design and Innovation. The goal: harness the creativity and ingenu- ity of Gannett’s employees to find ways to grow the top line.
• Transform our newsrooms into Information Centers to gather and disseminate news and information across
CRAIG A. DUBOW, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

 multiple platforms 24 hours a day, seven days a week. The goal: to provide what customers want and advertis- ers need.
• Find, develop and retain the best and the brightest employees through a robust Leadership and Diversity program. This is the initiative that makes the other ones possible.
I am pleased to say we made significant progress on all these fronts in 2006. It was our plan to set the guide- posts and let our fabulous employees lead the way. They did, way beyond our expectations.
I’ll start with a discussion of Gannett Digital. Its mis- sion: to move Gannett from a newspaper and television company with affiliated Web sites to a digital power- house, capable of capturing a growing share of what pundits believe will be a pool of Internet advertising dollars in excess of $20 billion by 2008.
With its formation, Digital’s top priority quickly became CareerBuilder, which cemented its position as the No. 1 online site for job postings in 2006. We increased our share in the company, which we own in partnership with Tribune Company and McClatchy, to 42.5%. We did the same with ShopLocal, an online mar- ketplace for shopping and advertising also owned by the partnership. And we increased our share in Topix.net, an information aggregator.
With these enhancements and with our partnership in Classified Ventures – Cars.com, Apartments.com and a number of other sites – Gannett is extremely well-posi- tioned in Internet classifieds.
Gannett Digital also set about creating the infrastruc- ture our Web sites need to give our customers the news and information they want, when they want it. Through a variety of ways – acquisitions as well as alliances, part- nerships and joint ventures – we will be able to support multiple platforms: local search, mobile, mobile search, video: any and all new technologies.
In May 2006, we acquired Planet Discover to enhance our local search capability. Rollout began almost imme- diately and our customers already are benefiting from the ability to find what they want and need close to home. We affiliated with Revenue Science, which pro- vides behaviorally targeted advertising on a national, regional and local basis. Advertisers crave this ability to
reach exactly the right customer.
We made targeted affiliations and partnerships in
2006 and early 2007 to enhance our mobile and video strategies which, when added to PointRoll – the rich media company we acquired in 2005 – makes clear the breadth of our infrastructure development.
Toward the end of the year, we announced our
plan to link media companies in an online advertising sales network. The network will ease the way for adver- tisers who want to place ads on multiple sites across companies.
Meanwhile, our digital revenues for 2006 surpassed $400 million, substantial growth over 2005.
And that’s just Year One for Gannett Digital. There is much more to come in 2007 as we begin to integrate our three strategic initiatives with the growth of digital as well as the enhancement of our core assets.
The three initiatives – again, they are Innovation, the Information Center and Leadership and Diversity – are designed to have a cultural as well as a practical impact on digital as well as our core operations. We had no idea when we began 2006 just how profound these changes would be for the company.
Innovation
Gannett always has been a leader in innovation. Arguably, the single most important innovation in the media industry in the past 50 years came from Gannett –
the creation of USA TODAY. But today, innovation is a whole new way of doing business on a daily basis. To compete in our industry – in fact, in our economy – Gannett must again be at the top of the innovation game. This was our goal as we entered 2006.
We began by creating the Gannett Center for Design and Innovation, nicknamed “THE DIG” in a company-wide contest. THE DIG solicits ideas from employees, and guar- antees their evaluation. To date, more than 1,000 ideas have been submitted, several have been selected for a more thorough scrutiny and business models are being created. You will hear more about these ideas in the
next several months as some evolve into new Gannett businesses.
Meanwhile, the ideas keep coming and the knack for innovation is spreading through the company with local
 3

 4
  LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
initiatives, mini-DIGS, and the creation of a company- wide Innovator of the Year award.
Information Center
What exactly is an Information Center? A place? A process? A state of mind? Actually, it is all of those.
For generations, the heart and central nervous system of journalism has been the newsroom. It is not only a location – the place where news and information is gathered – but also the cultural core of a newspaper or television station. It is where the values of accuracy and fairness, and the First Amendment, are held and trans- ferred from one generation to another.
The newsroom also is a process. Its traditional focus has been to publish a paper newspaper at the end of the day or produce the evening and late night newscasts. Other delivery systems – the Web, mobile phones, e-mail – were secondary. These priorities needed a fundamental overhaul.
Our challenge became: How do you maintain the cultural role while transforming the process into one that was platform agnostic with a 24/7 mentality?
Our answer is the Information Center.
We began this transformation in the Newspaper Division, with its 89 daily, community newspapers and Web sites and nearly 1,000 non-dailies. The goal was to shift the focus of the newsgathering to customers – what they want, when they want it – then create a process that delivers across multiple platforms, all day, every day.
In the case of the Newspaper Division, customers have told us they want local news; in some cases, very local news. They want data about their communities – what’s happening when and where, as well as what their governments are doing. They want to participate in their community conversation and they want all of that via video, podcasts, mobile as well as online, in the daily newspaper and in multiple niche publications.
A team from the Newspaper Division defined seven basic tasks – digital, public service, community conversa- tion, local, custom content, data and multimedia – and launched pilot projects in 12 locations during the spring and summer of 2006. Eight of the sites were assigned one or more tasks. Three would completely transform
their newsrooms into Information Centers.
What happened was remarkable. Changes occurred
that showed we were on the right track – as far as appealing to our customers was concerned. For example: • Breaking news was distributed to the Web as soon as it happened. Page views climbed. The more we moved quickly to tell people what was going on, the more they visited the Web sites. At some of our test locations, page views increased by double digit percentages, year over year: more than 35% at Des Moines for instance. As the year wound down and more sites installed Information Center operations – particularly databases – page views surged: 57% in Asbury Park, N.J.; 36% in Westchester, N.Y.; 33% in Fort Myers, Fla.; 55% in Shreveport, La. Stickiness – the time people spend on the site – increased by similar margins. Pensacola, for instance, recorded a 36% increase in page views and a 71% increase in stickiness. Monetization of these numbers is following close behind as more and more sales people are being trained in Web sales.
• We began teaching print journalists how to produce video. A team from our Broadcast Division went from newspaper to newspaper until there were more than 320 videographers at 62 locations in the U.S. and 120 more at Newsquest in the U.K. News video streams jumped from 3,700 at our community newspapers in March to more than 900,000 in January. Total numbers of video streams at our U.S. properties, including ads and news content, surpassed 6 million by January, an increase of more than 2 million during the latter half of 2006.
Information Centers now are being created through- out the Newspaper Division. All are due to be up and running by the end of May 2007. Newsquest is begin- ning its transformation and Broadcast, with its similar goal of delivering hyper-local news, is adapting the concepts to its newsrooms across the company.
At USA TODAY, with its national rather than local focus, the challenges are somewhat different. USA TODAY was among the first in the industry to create a news-based Web site in 1995 and is now among the top 10 news sites in the U.S. It has been delivering news across multiple platforms for years, including video, mobile and Mp3 players. In many ways, the key goals of the Information Center – delivering information 24/7

 across multiple platforms – already had been achieved. For instance, during 2006 USA TODAY became the
first news operation to have its own location on iTunes for news podcasts. USA TODAY LIVE, the video operation, produced TV shows such as Soul of a Champion and USA TODAY’s WeightLoss Challenge. Links to 4INFO, the mobile search company, were published in the newspa- per next to stories and readers were able to get 24-hour news updates via their mobile phones.
In 2006, USA TODAY began blending its dot-com newsroom with its print newsroom to refocus its energy on an Information
Center-like, platform-agnostic
strategy.
Underlying all aspects of the
Information Center initiative are customers. If we understand what they want and how they want it – and then we deliver it – we will be better able to bring them together with advertisers.
Linking advertising with the
products developed in the
Information Center enables us to
transform the way we sell ads
from product-based to audi-
ence-based selling. In the past, for instance, we sold ads based on traditional factors such as size, cost, location in the newspaper and number of days to run.
Now, with the Information Center, we are able to sell audiences. Advertisers who want to reach a specific group will be able to buy ads in multiple products that target and reach that particular group. Training in this style of selling is underway across the Newspaper Division.
While this revolution in ad sales is just beginning, we already are seeing successes. An example is Indymoms.com. This began at The Indianapolis Star as a way to reach one of our most elusive customers – women with incredibly busy lives. Advertisers crave this group, and ad sales for this Web site already are exceed- ing budget. Cincymoms.com, Cincinnati’s version of the site, rolled out in January and other sites are launching across the company.
The Moms sites are the clearest example yet of what our strategic initiatives can do. They were the product of innovation, executed through our Information Center - with its ability to deliver information to multiple plat- forms – and monetized through our audience-based selling initiative.
Leadership and Diversity
As I have said on many occasions, Gannett’s employees are our most valuable asset. Their hard work, intelligence and creativity are the main components of our success.
While the Strategic Plan pointed the way, our employees are responsible for devising what to do and how to do it. Their com- mitment to change has made our transformation possible.
We could not have come so far, so quickly without them.
That is why our Leadership and Diversity initiative is per- haps the most important step of Gannett’s transformation. We must develop and retain the best workforce in the industry through a talent management
program that incorporates diversity as its core precept. By diversity, I mean not only racial, ethnic and gender diversity – although that is vitally important – but also diversity of thought, skill and ambition.
I believe that to become truly customer centric, we must reflect our communities. We can’t appeal to cus- tomers unless we know what they want, and we can’t know what they want unless we reflect them.
To achieve these goals, our plan has identified four key steps: recruit the best people; train and develop our employees across multi-platforms and divisions; retain top talent and grow the future leaders of this company; and execute diversity strategies that ensure our work- force will reflect our communities.
In late 2006, we re-energized our college recruiting programs to include an innovative Entry Level Intern Program. We redesigned our careers pages at www.gannett.com and linked them to CareerBuilder.
 Underlying all aspects of the Information Center initiative are customers. If we understand what they want and how they want it – and then we deliver it – we will be better able to bring them together with advertisers.
 5

 6
  LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Our in-house training and leadership development pro- grams were reconstituted; and we have formed a new Leadership and Diversity Council with members from each division and corporate.
All of these plans and programs will be tied very closely to our other strategic initiatives, including the Information Center, audience-based ad sales, innovation and the growth of our digital business. I believe our Leadership and Diversity initiative makes our other initiatives possible.
Acquisitions and enhancing the core
A key part of the strategic plan is to grow our core and digital businesses with disciplined and targeted acquisi- tions. In 2006, we made a series of acquisitions and invest- ments valued at about three-quarters of a billion dollars.
In addition to Gannett Digital’s Planet Discover, we acquired second TV stations in two of our strongest markets, Atlanta and Denver. With our Jacksonville, Fla., stations, we now operate three duopolies.
Duopolies are smart investments. With two stations in a market, we are able to deliver more diversity of view- point to our communities and better programming to our viewers. Meanwhile, we can improve efficiency in the back room, in areas such as technology and advertising sales.
We added to our print ownership by expanding our California Newspapers Partnership with some former Knight Ridder properties and bought the small but strategic Marco Island Sun Times in Florida. We acquired – to great fanfare – the Florida State University school newspaper and in early 2007 acquired our second stu- dent paper, The Central Florida Future, at the University of Central Florida.
In the fall, we announced the launch of Gannett Video Enterprises. GVE’s role is to take the work our broadcast- ers do everyday, repurpose and customize it, then make it available to others on multiple platforms. This will enable us to find new audiences for the wonderful stories we do that were only being seen once or twice on our stations.
Significantly, we completed the launches of High- Definition newscasts at seven of our television stations and wrapped up our progress by streaming the State of the Union address live in high definition from WUSA-TV in Washington, D.C. – a first for the television industry.
Meanwhile, we continue to produce top-notch products. Our devotion to quality hasn’t diminished one iota as we move forward on our plan. In 2006, Gannett operations won more than 1,100 state, local and national journalism awards, including two National Edward R. Murrows, a White House Press Photographers award, an EPpy for usatoday.com, a George Polk Award and four seats on Presstime’s “20 Under 40” panel.
Financial discipline
Finally, under the plan, we refinanced debt to assure flexi- bility in our fiscal management and acquisition strategy; we reauthorized our share repurchase program for up to an additional $1 billion; and declared a 7% increase in our dividend. We kept costs in line with revenues – something we always have done well. We began the consolidation of our customer service centers, moved toward regional toning centers and brought together printing facilities wherever it made sense. Newsquest kept a close watch on revenues and balanced costs as it worked through a second year of advertising challenges in the U.K. As always, our fiscal management in 2006 was second to none.
Looking ahead
Culturally, procedurally and philosophically, Gannett made a huge leap forward in 2006. We created the strat- egy and began the transformation that will create a great future for Gannett.
Now the hard work begins. Executing our plan – becoming truly customer centric, connecting innovation with results, growing our digital business by multiples and enriching our core businesses – will be the focus of 2007.
With our employees, our discipline and our plan, I am confident 2007 will be as transformative as 2006.
Craig A. Dubow, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
 