 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
  Gannett once again demonstrated its strength in 2003. We showed our stamina, our staying power and the quality of our management in the face of yet another year of lackluster advertising demand and a tepid economy.
We achieved record results: Operating revenues were $6.7 billion; net income rose 4 percent to a record $1.21 billion; operating cash flow advanced 3 percent to $2.2 billion. Diluted earnings per share, on a GAAP basis, were a record $4.46, compared with $4.31 for 2002.
These terrific numbers are the result of hard work by Gannett employees. Gannett is a company that does well in good times, and really well in tough times. And 2003 was another tough year for the company, the industry and the nation. It was another chapter in the recession that wouldn’t end.
There was the war in Iraq, which captured the nation’s attention and turned it away from a recovery early in the year. Our newspapers, television stations and Internet sites produced some of their best journalism during the intense combat period: We had more than 40 journalists in the region – 23 of them embedded with the troops. We won a number of awards and recognition in the industry. But the home front struggled to keep the economy going and advertising suffered. It is only just now recovering.
As the worst of the fighting ended in the spring, we became hopeful that some long-sought changes in government regulations would help jump-start activity in the industry.
In June, the Federal Communications Commission finally voted to change the rules that bar ownership of a newspaper and television station in the same market. We believe this rule
change will allow us to compete even more effectively with the rest of the fast-paced and growing media world.
Unfortunately, the changes were blocked almost immediately by court action and Congress. Acquisition discussions slowed
and stopped.
 Douglas H. McCorkindale, Chairman, President and CEO
 2
   
 2003
  Congress eventually blessed a partial change, allowing companies to own stations that cover up to
39 percent of the country. But the cross-ownership part of the rule remains on hold by the courts. In the end, we believe the courts will come to the right conclusion, permit cross-ownership and allow us to enter more markets and continue to expand our businesses.
Then Congress enacted the Do Not Call Registry. This popular law impacted Gannett, since we tradition- ally have sold about half of our subscriptions through phone solicitation. But we responded in a classically Gannett way. We engaged our talent and creativity and devised new ways to appeal to subscribers. Among them: A pilot program underway in Jackson, Tenn., that took the all-out, “cold-turkey” approach – dropping all telemarketing efforts and seeking out other means of getting customers. Lessons learned are being offered throughout the Newspaper Division.
Another change by Congress, to the campaign-finance rules, left parties and candidates confused about what spending they could and could not do. While they are sorting it out, we are hoping the millions of dollars in political-ad spending that gave our television group a record year in 2002 will return in 2004.
That political-ad spending, coupled with revenues from the Winter Olympics in 2002, were a boon in 2002 (at about $100 million in revenue) and a challenge to overcome in 2003. Comparisons to the 2002 numbers dogged the Broadcast group all year.
Those boom years have Gannett’s Broadcast group working to build strategies and budgets around the biannual bumps. Among the changes: stronger positioning of our stations in their markets to attract the ad dollars, new products on-air and online, and new business development.
For newspapers, a readership phenomenon that’s been building for years crested in 2003. The Newspaper Division was ready for it and provided some of Gannett’s good news for the year.
Younger adults have been going their own way in the information universe for some time. With so many media opportunities to grab their attention – cable TV, network TV, the Internet – newspapers were getting
 Gannett’s Internet efforts were paying off in 2003 and added to the year’s upside. Online revenues overall were up 44 percent for the year, with local newspaper Web sites increasing by 45 percent and core revenues for USATODAY.com up by 41 percent.
3
       
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
  lost in the shuffle. But research showed there is a way to win them over.
In 2002, we introduced two youth-oriented, free, weekly publications in Lansing, Mich., and Boise, Idaho.
We watched closely and learned from those launches. In 2003’s fourth quarter, using the experience gained and our strength in the markets, three new free weeklies were rolled out: CiN Weekly in Cincinnati; Velocity in Louisville, Ky.; and INtake in Indianapolis. Three more were launching in early 2004: Spark in Wilmington, Del.; Link in Greenville, S.C.; and InsideR in Rochester, N.Y.
Reaction has been terrific. Content emphasizing things to do, entertainment and lifestyle news are grabbing readers and advertisers alike. They are establishing audiences as well as driving traffic to our Web sites. Cincinnati, for example, reported a 40 percent increase in 2003 entertainment page views alone.
Meanwhile, Gannett’s Internet efforts were paying off in 2003 and added to the year’s upside. Online revenues overall were up 44 percent for the year, with local newspaper Web sites increasing by 45 percent and core revenues for USATODAY.com up by 41 percent. Traffic on Gannett sites each month reached more than 21 million visitors and more than 275 million page views.
And the Internet is being used in other ways to attract business to Gannett. CareerBuilder, owned jointly with Knight Ridder and Tribune, made significant gains in market share and revenue. Market revenue grew 48% in 2003. Deals with AOL and MSN have already resulted in significantly increased traffic.
Sales of online ads for Gannett can be handled on the Web, and a special, 24/7 intranet site provides advertising management with the latest information for sales teams. A number of Gannett newspapers have begun to take classified ads online, with more coming online in 2004.
Newsquest, where Internet expertise is second nature, was another bright light for Gannett in 2003. The U.K. branch of the company again proved to be troopers and delivered
excellent results in both revenues and operating profits.
Among Newsquest’s strengths is the speed with which it develops and
  Three more Gannett newspapers jumped into the fray to appeal to 25- to 34-year-old readers with weekly publications: CiN Weekly in Cincinnati, Velocity in Louisville, Ky., and INtake in Indianapolis. More such publications are planned for 2004. The publications feature local content, with colorful presentation and many local faces, views and perspectives of young adults.
 4
   
 2003
  delivers new publications to the marketplace. Again in 2003, Newsquest’s regional papers launched a number of new titles, including the profitable-from-day-one Uckfield Leader, the smallest stand-alone free title in Newsquest’s line. Also launched: Jobs Extra, maximizing recruitment classifieds; Press Zone, a guide to local services in York; and Fast Track, a marketing venture with Southampton Airport. Their nimble method was our inspiration stateside: in addition to the youth publications, the Newspaper Division in the U.S. launched 260 new publications, sections and ad vehicles in 2003.
In March 2003, we formed, with MediaNews Group, the Texas-New Mexico Newspapers Partnership. Gannett contributed its El Paso (Texas) Times and MediaNews contributed its New Mexico daily newspapers to the partnership. The deal raised to 100 the number of our U.S. daily newspapers.
Newsquest also was the site of a key acquisition in 2003. The Scottish Media Group’s publishing arm became part of Newsquest in early 2003. The group consisted of three Scottish newspapers in Glasgow: The Herald, Sunday Herald and Evening Times; 11 specialty consumer and business-to-business magazine titles; and an online advertising and content business. Included was a state-of-the-art printing facility that’s being worked into Newsquest’s operations.
Toward the end of the year, we brought Clipper Magazine, Inc. into the Gannett fold. Clipper is one of the nation’s largest independent direct-mail advertising magazine companies – it publishes more than 325 individual editions in 24 states. It’s a wonderful company, with strong management by the founders and a great opportunity to grow.
All of the 2003 acquisitions are classic Gannett deals: companies with great potential that prove their worth from day one.
Quality is a key focus at all of our operations.
Broadcast continued the drive to be No. 1 or No. 2 in all of its markets through employee training and a commitment to service in the community.
 Gannett extended the reach of Newsquest, its U.K. newspaper group, into Scotland when it acquired SMG Publishing in 2003. The acquisition included three Scottish regional newspapers (The Herald, Evening Times and the Sunday Herald); 11 specialty consumer and business-to-business magazine titles; and an online advertising and content business.
5
        
 LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
  Becoming the leading source of local news draws respect from the community as well as advertising rev- enues. A great example of the quality initiative is WTSP-TV, the CBS affiliate in Tampa-St. Petersburg, Fla. WTSP went from third or fourth place in the market to first in news at noon and 6 p.m. and to a pitched bat- tle for first at 11 p.m.
USA TODAY worked to attract and retain advertisers through a number of initiatives involving the paper and its Web site, USATODAY.com. By the end of the fourth quarter, the efforts were paying off with an ad-revenue uptick of 10 percent for the quarter.
In the Newspaper Division, a new effort to reach readers was launched, emphasizing local news and the newspapers’ strong connections to their communities. “Real Life, Real News: Connecting with Readers’ Lives” was introduced in September. The goal: to make news more relevant to readers. Strong, favorable responses from media critics and readers soon followed.
One sign of quality is the awards Gannett newspapers, TV stations, Web sites and employees win. In 2003, we took home more than 1,100 awards ranging from hundreds of local journalism honors and EMMYs to national prizes such as the Edward R. Murrow Awards, the National Press Photographers Association Awards, the Clarion Awards and, in the U.K., the Beacon Award for Delivering Business Excellence.
So, Gannett ended a tough year with some of the best numbers in the industry, hundreds of awards to attest to our quality and with the groundwork laid for a robust 2004. With our new publications, new ways to attract advertising, and with our continuing commitment to quality, we are looking forward to a great new year.
  Douglas H. McCorkindale, Chairman, President and CEO
 6
  