 Dear Fellow Shareholders:
2015 was a pivotal and historic year for our company. Our strategy to transform our company culminated on June 29 when TEGNA Inc. was formally introduced. TEGNA combines our strong portfolio of televisions stations and their digital assets with growing digital businesses, like Cars. com and CareerBuilder, to form a very well-positioned company.
During the past four years, we have transformed the company, turning uncer- tainties to certainties for our shareholders. We have built a strong foundation and are ready to capitalize on the growing demand in the industries we serve. We added signif- icant scale by acquiring high-performing broadcasting properties such as the former Belo and London Broadcasting television stations. We also gained full ownership of Cars.com, which has performed above our already high expectations. We have terrific competitive positioning, strong leaders overseeing our businesses, unparalleled local relationships and a shareholder- centric capital allocation plan. Added together, TEGNA is a company primed for growth and future success.
TEGNA continues to provide outstand- ing value to our shareholders. Since we unveiled our game-changing strategic plan to transform our company in February 2012, through the end of 2015, our total shareholder return was 137 percent, more than double that of the S&P 500. In 2015,
overall company revenue was $3.05 billion. Adjusted EBITDA totaled $1.06 billion, growth of 16 percent despite the absence of a record $200 million of Olympic and political spending in 2014. Our Digital Segment, led by the acquisition of and organic growth at Cars.com, saw revenues increase by 47 percent year-over-year. We generated free cash flow of more than $557 million in 2015. We could not be more pleased to have capped off TEGNA’s year on such strong footing.
TEGNA MEDIA:
ENTERING A NEW CHAPTER
ON STRONG FOOTING
TEGNA Media is a broadcasting indus-
try leader. Our unique and unparalleled network of geographically diverse stations, from Portland, OR to Portland, ME, reaches nearly one-third of U.S. households. With the addition of the former Belo stations in 2013, we doubled our portfolio, a move that has been, by any objective measure, a ter- rific success. The next year we acquired six London Broadcasting stations across Texas. We have added scale and strong stations in rapidly growing areas. We anticipate our expanded reach will greatly benefit the company and shareholders in 2016, with record-breaking political and Olympic spending expected.
Additionally, as we’ve said in the past, there continues to be a gap between audience demand for our channels and the share of the overall retransmission fees
that we receive from cable and satellite providers. With the benefit of our strong stations, in 2015 we successfully negotiated retransmission agreements with operators covering 58 percent of our subscribers. We have also reached long-term agreements with network partners NBC and CBS, bringing all of our big three network affiliated stations under long-term agreements. TEGNA Media has certainty and stability with our distribution and network partners.
REMAINING TRUE TO OUR ROOTS
Over the last several years, we have been transforming our Media business, enhanc- ing our digital and social media footprint, expanding advertising and digital market- ing solutions beyond linear television and creating original programming. All of these efforts have a shared goal: to better serve our audiences across multiple platforms. At TEGNA Media, our quality plus scale equals success.
But, one thing that has not changed is our commitment to outstanding journalism that makes a difference. We empower
the people we serve. We deliver relevant, innovative and impactful content 24/7 across all platforms. TEGNA Media con- tinues to be well known for our journalism and the positive impact we have in our communities. We have been recognized with many prestigious national honors in- cluding Edward R. Murrow, Alfred I. duPont, George Foster Peabody and NAB’s Service
Letter to Shareholders
 2
ANNUAL REPORT

 TEGNA Media is the largest independent station group of major network affiliates in the top 25 markets.
Denotes multiple stations at one location.
Reaching approximately
one-third
of all television households nationwide
#1 #1 #4
NBC CBS ABC affiliate group affiliate group affiliate group
(excluding owner-operators)
Combined, TEGNA Media’s television stations, across 23 states, are known for their outstanding journalism and have
been recognized with numerous national honors including Edward R. Murrow, Alfred I. duPont, George Foster Peabody, National Headliner, George Polk and Emmy awards.
ANNUAL 3 REPORT

 to America awards in 2015. TEGNA Media was also named 2015 Station Group of the Year by Broadcasting & Cable.
TEGNA Media is a partner in people’s lives and a source they turn to throughout the day and in times of need. When tragedy strikes, our stations bring communities together and play an incredibly important public service role. Our meaningful investi- gations bring positive change and improve the lives of those we serve. We organize hundreds of community service and fund- raising events impacting those in need. We are vital to our communities and we take this important role seriously. TEGNA Media can, and does, make an impact every day.
Additionally, we are an innovator and leader in developing original programming across our 46 television stations. We are focused and committed to developing a consistent pipeline of fresh and creative ideas and new and unique voices. As
the preferences of our audiences evolve and shift, we are devoted to delivering innovative content across platforms. No matter the device, our stations produce countless hours of local content every day, giving people the key information they need to know when and how they want
it. Live event programming remains the most-watched content for viewers of all ages and our stations deliver. Events from the NFL and Olympics to the Grammys and Oscars are not only watched in high numbers across our stations but are heavily discussed before, during and after
online and across social media. And we are engaging our audiences across social media, which is now at the core of what we do. Collectively, our stations are one of Facebook’s top media players, generating more engagement than many national outlets. That will only grow in 2016, creat- ing a greater bond with our audience and revenue opportunities for our stations.
TEGNA DIGITAL: CONTINUED INNOVATION IN TWO OF THE FASTEST-GROWING VERTICALS While our strategy across TEGNA Media has resulted in unparalleled success,
we have also strengthened our Digital portfolio. In October 2014, we acquired full ownership of Cars.com. Not only did that double our Digital business, it provided
us a highly strategic position within the important automotive vertical.
Cars.com exceeded our expectations in 2015, as it continues to innovate across platforms, expand its product offerings and strengthen its position as the leading online destination for automotive consumers.
At any given time, Cars.com has approx- imately 4.5 million vehicle listings and is servicing almost 21,000 franchise and inde- pendent car dealers, a 4 percent increase from 2014. The Cars.com website, which sees more than 30 million monthly visits, was also overhauled, making it more user and mobile friendly. Cars.com is able to leverage this large and growing audience to help automotive marketers more effectively
reach car buyers and sellers, as well as those looking for trusted service providers. In 2015, Cars.com became a true one-
stop-shop for all aspects of car ownership. We expanded into the area of service, introducing solutions for those looking to get their vehicle repaired. Now, consumers can go to Cars.com and search a nation- wide network of nearby independent certified auto repair shops. This focus
on product and service innovation will continue to be an important part of Cars.com’s growth in the future.
In addition, Cars.com further expanded by launching Event Positions, enabling car dealers to promote and build awareness for their local events to in-market shoppers. We also strengthened our relationship with dealers by providing them key analytics for on-the-lot car buyers. Through Lot Insights, we are able to give car dealers
a first-of-its-kind report showing who is using the Cars.com app while on their lot.
These new products contribute to revenue growth and are examples of how innovations and technology introduced by Cars.com better serve buyer and seller customers. That is our goal at Cars.com: to attract more car buyers and dealers to our platforms and continue to build and expand existing relationships between dealers and consumers.
2015 was a pivotal year for CareerBuilder, as well. A fresh new look for the brand was launched, showcasing CareerBuilder as the innovative
Letter to Shareholders
 4
ANNUAL REPORT

                                                                    Cars.com is the leading online destination for automotive consumers offering credible, objective information about car shopping, selling and servicing. With over 30 million monthly visits to its web properties, Cars.com leverages its growing consumer audience to help automotive marketers more effectively reach car buyers and sellers, as well as those looking for trusted service providers.
CareerBuilder is the global leader in human capital solutions, helping the world’s top employers attract great talent. CareerBuilder specializes in Human Resources Software as a Service to help companies with every step of the recruitment process. It is the largest online job site in North America, measured by both traffic and revenue, and has a presence in more than 60 markets worldwide.
G/O Digital is a one-stop-shop
for local businesses looking to connect with consumers through localized digital marketing. From search to social and everything in between, G/O Digital offers a strategic approaching in building an integrated digital marketing solution based on the unique needs of each local business. G/O Digital helps businesses get connected, be found and stay engaged with consumers across more than 110 local markets.
   Over
The
Helping
30 Million
Largest
Thousands
Monthly
Online
of Local
Visits
Job Site
Businesses
to its web properties.
in North America.
succeed.
TEGNA Digital also includes Cofactor, a digital marketing company that is uniquely positioned to bridge the divide between online and offline worlds and enables brands to intelligently deliver content everywhere, driving sales locally.
 5
ANNUAL REPORT

 technology company it has become. Behind the scenes, CareerBuilder transi- tioned its focus to Software as a Service, or SaaS. The company is transforming into the leader in all things pre-hire. Like Cars. com in the auto world, CareerBuilder has become a provider of solutions across
the entire spectrum of recruitment and employment. CareerBuilder is creating the world’s first and only complete pre-hire platform with advertising career sites, candidate relationship management, job distribution, workforce analytics, applicant tracking systems, semantic search and more. It is a portfolio of software solutions that is unparalleled in the industry. Bringing SaaS to the forefront of CareerBuilder’s business model positions it for great success in 2016 and beyond.
Also part of TEGNA Digital’s powerful portfolio of digital businesses is G/O Digital, a one-stop-shop for local businesses look- ing to connect with consumers through localized digital marketing. G/O Digital continues to help small businesses across the country get connected to, and stay connected to, consumers. G/O Digital uses innovative and strategic solutions targeted to each specific business, helping them grow and succeed. In 2015, G/O Digital revenues grew 35 percent and we look forward to continued success in 2016.
Marjorie Magner,
Chairman of the Board
DELIVERING CONTENT
THAT MATTERS AND
BRANDS THAT DELIVER
Both TEGNA Media and TEGNA Digital share a singular mission: to empower our audiences to make smart and informed decisions. Millions of Americans turn to us every day to provide them the key informa- tion they need to know. We help them with choices, large and small – from who to vote for in the presidential election and where to buy the right car, to help finding that perfect job and knowing the weather and traffic for the day ahead.
TEGNA Media and TEGNA Digital collectively inform and engage more than 90 million Americans every month and many of those individuals rely on our con- tent on a daily basis. We take our mission very seriously and we could not be more proud to play such an integral role in the lives of so many.
A SIMPLE BUT
POWERFUL STRATEGY
We have made terrific progress in our first six months as TEGNA. As we move into 2016 and look toward our future, we will continue to strive to better serve our audiences and deliver on our promises to our consumers, advertisers, employees and shareholders.
Gracia Martore,
Our path toward increased value for all of our stakeholders runs through six key strengths that differentiate TEGNA from our competitors.
• High growth, high margin businesses
• Top performing assets and scale
• Consistently strong and dependable
cash flows
• Widely-respected and experienced
industry experts at the helm of
TEGNA Media and TEGNA Digital
• Financial discipline and shareholder-
focused capital structure
• Award-winning journalism coupled with
independent and authoritative content that enables consumers to make the best decisions possible
These core advantages, our long his- tory of returning value to shareholders and our strong financial footing, provide the foundation and flexibility we need to invest in our businesses and seize opportunities for both organic and acquisition-related growth. We have been, and will continue to be, passionate about maximizing the value of each of these strengths to remain an industry leader and innovator.
It has been a banner year for TEGNA and we thank you for your continued loyalty and support throughout. We can’t wait to see what the future holds.
Letter to Shareholders
           President and Chief Executive Officer
 ANNUAL
REPORT
6
